Instruction pipelining

Instruction pipelining is a technique used in the design of modern microprocessors, microcontrollers and CPUs to increase their instruction throughput (the number of instructions that can be executed in a unit of time).

The main idea is to divide (termed "split") the processing of a CPU instruction, as defined by the instruction microcode, into a series of independent steps of micro-operations (also called "microinstructions", "micro-op" or "µop"), with storage at the end of each step. This allows the CPUs control logic to handle instructions at the processing rate of the slowest step, which is much faster than the time needed to process the instruction as a single step.

The term pipeline refers to the fact that each step is carrying a single microinstruction (like a drop of water), and each step is linked to another step (analogy; similar to water pipes).

Most modern CPUs are driven by a clock. The CPU consists internally of logic and memory (flip flops). When the clock signal arrives, the flip flops store their new value then the logic requires a period of time to decode the flip flops new values. Then the next clock pulse arrives and the flip flops store another values, and so on. By breaking the logic into smaller pieces and inserting flip flops between pieces of logic, the time required by the logic (to decode values till generating valid outputs depending on these values) is reduced. In this way the clock period can be reduced.<br>For example, the RISC pipeline is broken into five stages with a set of flip flops between each stage as follows:

Processors with pipelining consist internally of stages (modules) which can semi-independently work on separate microinstructions. Each stage is linked by flip flops to the next stage (like a "chain") so that the stage's output is an input to another stage until the job of processing instructions is done. Such organization of processor internal modules reduces the instruction's overall processing time.

A non-pipeline architecture is not as efficient because some CPU modules are idle while another module is active during the instruction cycle. Pipelining does not completely remove idle time in a pipelined CPU, but making CPU modules work in parallel increases instruction throughput.

An instruction pipeline is said to be "fully pipelined" if it can accept a new instruction every clock cycle. A pipeline that is not fully pipelined has wait cycles that delay the progress of the pipeline.

Advantages of Pipelining:

Disadvantages of Pipelining:<br>

To the right is a generic pipeline with four stages:

The top gray box is the list of instructions waiting to be executed; the bottom gray box is the list of instructions that have been completed; and the middle white box is the pipeline.

Execution is as follows:

When a "hiccup" (interruption) in execution occurs, a "bubble" is created in the pipeline in which nothing useful happens. In cycle 2, the fetching of the purple instruction is delayed and the decoding stage in cycle 3 now contains a bubble. Everything behind the purple instruction is delayed as well but everything in front of the purple instruction continues with execution.

Clearly, when compared to the execution above, the bubble yields a total execution time of 8 clock ticks instead of 7.

Bubbles are like stalls (delays), in which nothing useful will happen for the fetch, decode, execute and writeback. It is like a NOP (short for No OPeration) code.

A typical instruction to add two numbers might be codice_1, which adds the values found in memory locations A and B, and then puts the result in memory location C. In a pipelined processor the pipeline controller would break this into a series of tasks similar to:

The locations 'R1' and 'R2' are registers in the CPU. The values stored in memory locations labeled 'A' and 'B' are loaded (copied) into these registers, then added, and the result is stored in a memory location labeled 'C'.

In this example the pipeline is three stages long- load, execute, and store. Each of the steps are called pipeline stages.

On a non-pipelined processor, only one stage can be working at a time so the entire instruction has to complete before the next instruction can begin. On a pipelined processor, all of the stages can be working at once on different instructions. So when this instruction is at the execute stage, a second instruction will be at the decode stage and a 3rd instruction will be at the fetch stage.

To better understand the concept, we can look at a theoretical 3-stage pipeline:

and a pseudo-code assembly listing to be executed:
LOAD #40, A ; load 40 in A
MOVE A, B ; copy A in B
ADD #20, B ; add 20 to B
STORE B, 0x300 ; store B into memory cell 0x300
This is how it would be executed:

The LOAD instruction is fetched from memory.

The LOAD instruction is executed, while the MOVE instruction is fetched from memory.

The LOAD instruction is in the Store stage, where its result (the number 40) will be stored in the register A.
In the meantime, the MOVE instruction is being executed. 
Since it must move the contents of A into B, it must wait for the ending of the LOAD instruction.

The STORE instruction is loaded, while the MOVE instruction is finishing off and the ADD is calculating.

And so on. Note that, sometimes, an instruction will depend on the result of another one (like our MOVE example). When more than one instruction references a particular location for an operand, either reading it (as an input) or writing it (as an output), executing those instructions in an order different from the original program order can lead to the hazards situation (mentioned above).



Sami Hyypiä

Sami Hyypiä (born 7 October 1973 in Porvoo) is a Finnish football player. He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and the Finland national team. He is a defender in both of his teams and is captain of Finland and used to be the captain of Liverpool.

96||8||||||||||9||0||105||8
100||3||9||1||colspan="2"|-||4||0||113||4
318||22||29||2||19||3||94||8||460||35
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
514||32||38||3||19||3||107||8||678||47

!Total||103||5


Now That's What I Call Music! 29 (U.S. series)

Now That's What I Call Music! 29 is the 29th album in the original Now series. This compilation album was released in November 2008. Songs include "Thunder" by Boys Like Girls, "Whatever You Like" by T.I., "Got Money" by Lil Wayne, and "Dangerous" by Kardinal Offishall and Akon and 16 other tracks.



Thrissur

Thrissur is one of the fourteen districts of Kerala in southwest India. It is the second largest city in Kerala and 20th largest city in India. At the center of the city is a temple, the Vadakkumnathan temple which has Lord Siva as its presiding deity. It is known as the cultural capital of Kerala because of the city's association with history, culture and archaeological remains. Thrissur was once the capital of the Kingdom of Cochin. It is located 300 kilometers (186 mi) towards north-west of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram. It is famous for Thrissur Pooram which is a temple festival. Thrissur is also known as the “cultural capital of Kerala” as its well known for its cultural, spiritual and religious learnings throughout history. 


Michigan Territory

Michigan Territory was a territory of the United States in the early 19th century, between June 30, 1805 and January 26, 1837, when it became Michigan, the 26th state of the Union. Detroit was the territory's capital.

The Treaty of Detroit was signed on November 17, 1807 between William Hurt and American Indians from the Odawa, Ojibwe, Potawatomi, and Wyandot people. Those Indian tribes agreed to give the United States the area of Southeast Michigan and a part of Ohio near the Maumee River. The Indians were allowed to own small amounts of land in the area. This helped expand the territory.

These numbers do not count most Native Americans. In 1800, the whole of the Northwest Territory had 43,365 people living in it. Under the Northwest Ordinance, a territory could apply to become a state once it had 60,000 people living in it.


Syro-Malabar Catholic Church

The Syro-Malabar Catholic Church is a Chaldean Rite, Major Archiepiscopal Church in the Roman Catholic Church. It is the largest group among the Saint Thomas Christians. It originates from St. Thomas the Apostle who is believed to have come to India in AD 52. The Syro Malabar Church is the largest St. Thomas Christian community in India. They are also referred to as Syrian Catholics in Kerala. This church has its headquarters in Cochin, Kerala.

Cardinal Mar George Alencherry is the current head of this church.

The first Indian woman Saint, Saint Alphonsa belongs to this church.

Syro-Malabar Church has its presence all over the world. However the proper location is in South India. There are 26 Syro-Malabar dioceses world wide.

Jurassic Coast

The Jurassic Coast is a stretch of coast in south-west England. It is between Orcombe Point near Exmouth in East Devon and Old Harry Rocks near Swanage in East Dorset. This is 96 miles long (154 km). 

It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Its entire length can be walked on the South West Coast Path.

Some of the greatest fossil discoveries were made in this area. 
These finds were by Mary Anning in the first part of the 19th century. This area was home to Mary, a collector who searched for fossils of the coastline around Lyme Regis and discovered several complete Ichthyosaur fossils.

The Jurassic Coast is made of Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous cliffs, spanning 185 million years of geological history.

The site contains a number of special features and shows different landforms, including the natural arch at Durdle Door, the cove and limestone folding at Lulworth Cove and an island, the Isle of Portland.

Chesil Beach (or Chesil Bank) is one of England's three shingle (gravel) beaches. It is a barrier beach which runs parallel to the coastline and connects to Portland Bill (see photo). Between the barrier and the regular coastline is a lagoon.

Golden Cap is the highest place on the south coast of England. It is high.

This section notes the main rocks found on the coast, starting with the lowest (earliest).

The Blue Lias is a geologic formation in the Jurassic Coast and parts of south Wales. It is part of the Lias Group.

The Blue Lias consists of a sequence of limestone and shale layers. It was laid down in late Triassic and early Jurassic times, between 195 and 200 million years ago. The Blue Lias is famous for its fossils, especially ammonites. Also found were remains of a number of dinosaurs, and the pterosaur "Dimorphodon".

The Blue Lias alternates between limestone, (with some clay), and mudstone.

These are special towns that are related to the Jurassic Coast:

Pretty much the same rocks can be seen near the Yorkshire coast near Hull (Kingston upon Hull) in Yorkshire near the Humber Estuary. Also the Jurassic and Cretaceous rocks can be followed into northern France. 



Instruction (computer science)

In computer science, an instruction is a single operation of a processor defined by the processor instruction set.

The size or length of an instruction varies widely, from as little as 4-bits in some microcontrollers to many as multiples of a bytes in some very long instruction word (VLIW) systems. Most modern processors used in personal computers, mainframes, and supercomputers have instruction sizes between 16 and 64 bits. In some architectures, especially Reduced instruction set computers, instructions are of fixed length, typically corresponding with that architecture's word size.

On traditional architectures, an instruction includes an opcode specifying the operation to be performed, such as "add contents of memory to register", and zero or more operand specifiers, which may specify registers, memory locations, or literal data. The operand specifiers may have addressing modes determining their meaning or may be in fixed fields.

In VLIW architectures, which include many microcode architectures, multiple simultaneous operations and operands are specified in a single instruction.

Instructions are rarely specified using their machine code form; they may be specified by programmers using an assembly language or, more commonly, may be generated by compilers.

There is another more general definition for an "instruction" not only related to the processor instruction set, which is: An "instruction" may be any representation of an element of an executable computer program.


Piacenza

Piacenza is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy. It is the capital city of the province of Piacenza. 102'394 people live there. Piacenza is famous for its "palazzi".

Superscalar

Superscalar technology supports basic parallel computing (specifically, instruction-level parallelism) on one CPU (processor), which allows more than one instruction in each clock cycle by using more than one execution unit at the same time.

Superscalar processors are often pipelined as well, but that's a different technology that allows more than one instruction at once in each execution unit, rather than using multiple execution units at once.

Superscalar technology usually involves:

The simplest processors are scalar processors. On a scalar processor, instructions usually work with one or two data items at once. On a vector processor, instructions usually work with many data items at once. A superscalar processor is a mix of a scalar process and a vector processor: each instruction processes one data item, but more than one instruction runs at once, so many data items are handled at once by the processor.

In a superscalar processor, it's very important to have an accurate instruction dispatcher, so that the execution units are always busy with work that probably will be needed. If the instruction dispatcher isn't accurate, the processor will have to throw away some work and might not be any faster than a scalar processor. In 2008, all normal CPUs were superscalar, and could have up to 4 ALUs, 2 FPUs, and 2 SIMD units.

The efficiency of superscalar design is limited by three things: 
Existing programs have different levels of parallelism. In some cases, instructions are not dependent on each other and can be executed at the same time. In other cases, they are interdependent: one instruction affects another. The instructions codice_1 can be run in parallel because none of the results depend on other results, but the instructions codice_2 will probably have to be run in a specific order because codice_3 depends on codice_4.

Although there might not be any interdependent instructions in the list, a superscalar processor still has to check for them, because there's no way to be sure there aren't any unless it checks, and if a dependency is missed the results will be wrong. No matter how fast the processor is, this limits how many instructions can be run at the same time. Checking for dependencies gets harder and harder, even while improvements in hardware manufacturing allow for more execution units in each CPU core.


All of these techniques can be (and often are) combined in a single CPU, so it is possible to have a multicore CPU is where each core is an independent processor with many parallel superscalar pipelines. Some multicore processors also include vector capability.




Abercrombie

Abercrombie may refer to:

In places:

In business:

Other:

SA80

SA80 (Small Arms for the 80s) is the name of a weapons family used by the British Army and Royal Marines. All are of bullpup design: this means the magazine is behind the trigger so the weapon is shorter yet still has a long barrel.

The series includes an assault rifle known as the L85 and a Light Support Weapon (LSW) designated the L86 as well as a carbine variant for helicopter crews and a bolt action army cadet variant. 

The LSW variant is far more accurate than its predecessor, and is used in army FSGs (Fire Support Groups). They are amazingly accurate for their size (Army marksmanship tests were redesigned after the SA80 introduction because it was so accurate). Nevertheless, the SA80 family has been plagued by poor reliability. They have had an upgrade by the German arms company H&K when it was British owned. This resulted in the A2 series, but not all models have been upgraded. 

The SA80 also has a cadet force variant (L98 A2 Cadet GP) that is the same size, and is used throughout the ACF. It has a success rate far higher than the old, bolt-action A1 version.

Geoff Bunn

Geoff Bunn is an Anglo-Swedish author and artist. He was born in Birmingham, England in 1963. He has been in galleries such as the Tate but is better known for placing his work in the ordinary environment rather than 'traditional' art galleries. During the early 2000s, he worked in France, for a time, with painter Fred Yates.

Bunn has also painted a number of large and rather disturbing canvases of empty interiors. This series of paintings - which Bunn entitles 'Interior Landscapes' - led to Bunn being awarded the Cartazini Prize in 2007.

Bunn has written a number of books, including the best-selling transgender romance "Blonde Boy, Red Lipstick".


Fred Yates

Frederick Joseph Yates (25 July 1922 – 7 July 2008) was an English artist. He was born in Urmston, His work was very much in the style of the late L. S. Lowry. Yates lived and worked all over England but in later years he was based in France.

Sauerbraten

Sauerbraten is a meat dish eaten mainly in Germany, but also neighbouring countries. The name comes form "sauer" (sour) and "braten" (roast). It refers to the way the dish is prepared: the meat is left in a kind of sour sauce (based on vinegar) to marinate

The Economist

The Economist is a magazine published each week in England. It was founded in 1843. It currently has about 1.3 million subscribers.

It was founded in 1843 by Scotsman James Wilson with assistance from the Anti-Corn Law League as a voice against England’s Corn Laws, regulations governing the import and export of grain. Wilson’s son-in-law Walter Bagehot, who served as editor of "The Economist" from 1861 to 1877, expanded the publication’s coverage into politics and strengthened its focus on U.S. affairs. A later admirer of Bagehot's was Woodrow Wilson, president of the United States from 1913 to 1921.

In 1992 WT Layton was appointed as editor. His editorship was of profound importance to the newspaper, and he was probably the person to whom it owes most thanks for its survival and continued independence."The Economist" is classically liberal and economically liberal. It supports free trade, globalization, and the legalization of same-sex marriage and illegal drugs. It targets highly educated readers, as well as famous people such as Bill Gates, Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, and Ted Turner. 

"The Economist" has a consistent voice, partly because its writers are anonymous. It assumes its readers have a basic understanding of economics. Its articles are often witty.

Our Lady of Guadalupe

Poison (band)

Poison is an American glam metal band from Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania. They were formed in 1983. Their lead singer is Bret Michaels. One of their most popular hits was "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" which was the Hot 100 number-one single of December 24, 1988 and lasted until January 7, 1989.

Yao Ming

Yao Ming (; born September 12, 1980) is a former Chinese professional basketball player. He played for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was the tallest player in the NBA, at . 

Yao Ming was born at Shanghai Sixth People's Hospital in Shanghai, He is only child by Yao Tzi Yuan and Fong Fengdi , There are professional basketball players by their family,
He started with the Shanghai Sharks as a teenager and played on their senior team for five years in the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). The team won a championship in his final year. Then he entered the 2002 NBA Draft. The CBA had to release him, and he was selected by the Houston Rockets to play on their team. He had also been chosen to play for the NBA All-Star Game for all six of his seasons. However, the Rockets have not advanced past the first round of the playoffs since he joined the team, and he has also had injuries in each of the past three seasons. On July 20, 2011, Yao Ming announced that he was retiring from basketball after many foot and ankle injuries. 

His father, Yao Zhiyuan, is in tall; his mother, Fengdi Fang, is in tall. She was captain of the Chinese national women's basketball team. Yao Ming's parents were the tallest couple in China when he was born.

Yao Ming is married to Ye Li, who used to play for the China women's national basketball team. He is one of China's best-known athletes. He has sponsorships with several major companies, and he has been the richest celebrity in China for six straight years, earning US$51 million (CN¥357 million) in 2008. 

His rookie year in the NBA was the subject of a documentary film, "The Year of the Yao", and he recently wrote an autobiography titled "Yao: A Life in Two Worlds".


Ray Emery

Raymond "Ray" Emery (September 28, 1982 – July 15, 2018) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL) until his death. Emery played for the Ottawa Senators, Anaheim Ducks and Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played in KHL with the Atlant Moscow Oblast. Emery was awarded many honors, most from the minor league.

Emery was given various nicknames over his career, most goes by "Razor" and "Sugar Ray." In the 2001 NHL entry draft, Emery was chosen 99th overall by the Ottawa Senators. Emery was made starting goaltender in the 2006-07 NHL season. That year, the Senators made it to the Stanley Cup finals. On June 20, 2008, after some off-ice incidents, the Senators released Emery. Under one month later, Emery signed a one-year, $2M contract with Atlant Mytishchi of the Russian KHL. After his time in Russia, it was announced on June 10, 2009 that the Philadelphia Flyers had signed him to a one-year deal for $1.5 million. In March 2010, Flyers GM Paul Holmgren announced that Emery would miss the remainder of the season because of avascular necrosis and that a bone graft would be done to alleviate his hip issues. Emery began workout and rehabilitation process and later signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Anaheim Ducks on February 7, 2011. During his time with the Ducks, he tied for fourth in the league after he posted a 7–2–0 record with a 2.28 goals-against average (GAA) and a .926 save percentage (SV%) in 10 regular season games going into the playoffs. He attended the Chicago Blackhawks training camp on a tryout basis and was later signed by the Blackhawks to a 1-year, $600,000 deal.

Emery has been known for getting into several altercations while playing ice hockey, a rarity for an ice-hockey goaltender. Emery once fought two Buffalo Sabres players, Martin Biron and Andrew Peters in a line brawl during the 2006-07 NHL season. He also fought with his teammate, Brian McGrattan, during a practice in January 2008. He has also fought with teammate's Jason Spezza and Chris Neil.

On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On July 5, 2013, he signed a $1.65 million, 1-year deal with the Philadelphia Flyers.

On July 15, 2018, Emery accidentally drowned while diving at a yacht club in Hamilton, Ontario, aged 35.

Statistics via Eliteprospects

Human height

Human height is the height of a human body. Factors that influence human height are genetics, what people eat, the human body's natural chemicals, and being sick or healthy.

Over the last two millennia, human height, based on skeletal remains, has stayed fairly steady, oscillating around 170 cm (5 feet 7 inches). The global mean height of adult men born in 1996 was 171 cm, or 5 feet and 7.5 inches, while the global average height of adult women born in 1996 was 159 cm, or 5 foot and 3 inches. In 2023, the average male height worldwide was approximately 5 feet 7 inches (170 cm), while globally, the average height for adult females was approximately 5 feet 4 inches (162 cm). The average man is taller than the average woman: this is seen across all countries in the world.

Men from Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Netherlands, Croatia, Serbia and Montenegro have the tallest average height.


Execution unit

In computer engineering, an execution unit is a part of a CPU (not to be confused with the CPUs main control unit) that performs specific operations or calculations. It may have its own internal control sequence unit, some registers, and other internal units such as a sub-ALU or FPU, or some smaller, more specific components.

Now modern CPUs have multiple parallel execution units, referred to as scalar or superscalar design. The simplest arrangement is to use one, the bus manager, to manage the memory interface, and the others to perform calculations. Additionally, modern CPUs execution units are usually pipelined.


Pre-1600 Atlantic hurricane seasons

The pre-1600 Atlantic hurricane seasons talks about all known Atlantic tropical cyclones before to 1600. While info for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation occurs between June 1 and November 30.

Observation info for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was non-existent in the pre-Columbian era, and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost. Even info from the early years of the Columbian era is suspect and incomplete because the difference between a hurricane and an extratropical system was not drawn by Renaissance scientists and sailors and because European exploration and colonization of the regions affected by hurricanes did not begin in earnest until the mid-16th century.

However, paleotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia. A theory has been postulated that an anti-phase pattern exists between the Gulf of Mexico coast and the Atlantic coast. During the quiescent periods, a more northeasterly position of the Azores High would result in more hurricanes being steered towards the Atlantic coast. During the hyperactive period, more hurricanes were steered towards the Gulf coast as the Azores High—controlled by the North Atlantic Oscillation—was shifted to a more southwesterly position near the Caribbean. In fact, few major hurricanes struck the Gulf coast during 3000–1400 BC and again during the most recent millennium; these quiescent intervals were separated by a hyperactive period during 1400 BC and 1000 AD, when the Gulf coast was struck frequently by catastrophic hurricanes and their landfall probabilities increased by 3–5 times. On the Atlantic coast, chance of landfalling hurricanes has doubled in the recent millennium compared to the one and a half millennia before.




Valley Parade

Valley Parade, also known by its sponsored name of the Coral Windows Stadium is a football stadium in Bradford in England. It is home to the club Bradford City A.F.C. It was built in 1886. In 1985, a fire in one of the stands killed 56 people.

Levi Lincoln Sr.

Levi Lincoln, Sr. (May 15, 1749–April 14, 1820) was an American revolutionary. He was a Minuteman at the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, a state legislator in Massachusetts, Governor of Massachusetts, Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, a U.S. Representative, Attorney General for President Thomas Jefferson and Acting Secretary of State.

James R. Schlesinger

James Rodney Schlesinger (February 15, 1929 - March 27, 2014) was United States Secretary of Defense from 1973 to 1975 under presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He became America's first Secretary of Energy under Jimmy Carter.

On March 27, 2014, Schlesinger died from complications of pneumonia at a Baltimore hospital. He was 85.

Simultaneous multithreading

Simultaneous multithreading, acronym SMT, is a technique for improving the overall efficiency of superscalar CPUs with Hardware multithreading. SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources provided by modern computer architectures.

Multithreading is similar in concept to multitasking but is implemented at the thread level of execution in modern superscalar processors.

In processor design, there are two ways to increase on-chip parallelism with less resource requirements: 

There are many ways to support more than one thread inside a chip, namely:

The key factor to distinguish them is to look at how many instructions the processor can issue in one cycle and how many threads from which the instructions come. 





Out-of-order execution

In computer engineering, out-of-order execution, OoOE, is a technique used in most high-performance microprocessors to make use of cycles that would otherwise be wasted by a certain type of costly delay. Most modern CPU designs include support for out of order execution.

The key concept of OoO processing is to allow the processor to avoid a class of delays (termed: ""stalls "") that occur when the data needed to perform an operation are unavailable.

OoO processors fill these "slots" in time with other instructions that are ready, then re-order the results at the end to make it appear that the instructions were processed as normal. The way the instructions are ordered in the original computer code is known as program order, in the processor they are handled in data order (the order in which the data, operands, become available in the processor's registers). Fairly complex circuitry is needed to convert from one ordering to the other and maintain a logical ordering of the output; the processor itself appears to be running the instructions in random order.

The benefit of OoO processing grows as the instruction pipeline expands and the speed difference between main memory (or cache memory) and the processor increases. On modern machines, the processor runs many times faster than the memory, so during the time an in-order processor spends waiting for data to arrive, it could have processed a large number of instructions.

In earlier In-order processors, the processing of instructions is normally done in these steps:

Out-of-order processors breaks up the processing of instructions into these steps:

In the examples outlined above, the OoO processor avoids the stall that occurs in step (2) of the in-order processor when the instruction is not completely ready to be processed due to missing data.



Speculative execution

In computer science, speculative execution is the execution of code, before being sure if the result will be needed.

The technique is used in most high-performance microprocessors to execute a complete instructions or parts of instructions before being sure whether this execution is required

In the context of functional programming, the term "speculative evaluation" is used instead.


Branch prediction

In computer architecture, a branch predictor is the part of a processor that determines whether a conditional branch (jump) in the instruction flow of a program is likely to be taken or not. This is called branch prediction. 

Branch predictors are important in today's modern, superscalar processors for achieving high performance. They allow processors to fetch and execute instructions without waiting for a branch to be resolved.

Almost all pipelined processors do branch prediction of some form, because they must guess the address of the next instruction to fetch before the current instruction has been executed. 

Many earlier microprogrammed CPUs did not do branch prediction because there was little or no performance requirements; for this reason there is no need for altering the flow of the instruction stream.


Aka

A.K.A, AKA, Aka or aka may refer to:


Key exchange

Key exchange is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users, allowing use of a cryptographic system.

If two parties wish to exchange encrypted messages, each needs to know how to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages. The information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use. If they use a code, both will require a copy of the same codebook. If they use a cipher, they will need appropriate keys. If the cipher is a symmetric key cipher, both will need a copy of the same key. If an asymmetric key cipher with the public/private key property, both will need the other's public key.

The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information needed so, in such a way, that no one else can obtain a copy. Usually, this required trusted secure channel. With the arrival of (public key / private key) cipher algorithms, the encrypting key (aka, the public key) could be made public, since (at least for ""high quality"" ciphers) no one without the decrypting key (aka, the private key) could decrypt the message.

In principle, then, the only remaining problem was to be sure that a public key actually belonged to its claimed owner, this is not a problem easy to solve; specially when the two users involved have never met and know nothing about each other.

In 1976, Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol, (Diffie-Hellman key exchange), which allows users to establish secure channels in order to exchange keys, even if an attacker is monitoring that communication channel. However, Diffie-Hellman key exchange did not address the "identity authentication" problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person or an entity.

Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of "identity authentication". In their most usual implementation, each user applies to a "certificate authority" for a digital certificate which serves for other users as a correct (termed: non-tamperable) authentication of identity.

In contrast, the web of trust system, which do not use central "certificate authority" at all. Each user is responsible for verifying any certificate from another user before using that certificate to communicate with the user who claims to be associated with the particular public key in a certificate, (see digital signatures).

The problem of key exchange has not yet been solved. In particular, it has not yet been solved for the modern situation of two previously unknown users attempting to communicate electronically, as, for instance, in electronic commerce. Some of the existing work-around designs work, more or less, but are not fully satisfactory.


Secure channel

In cryptography, a secure channel is a way of transferring data that is very difficult (called r"esistant") to overhear or copy (called "interception") and understand (called "decrypt") or change (called "tampering").

A confidential channel is a way of transferring data that is resistant to interception, but may not be resistant to tampering and may not be resistant to impersonation by someone else (called "spoofing").

An authenticatable channel is a way of transferring data that is resistant to spoofing but may not be resistant to interception or tampering.

Terminology

Terminology is the study of terms and their use. Terminology studies the "labelling or designating of concepts" in one or more subject fields or areas of human activity. Terms are words and compound words that are used in specific contexts. Terminology studies among other things how such terms of art come to be and their interrelationships within a culture.

Work on terminology consists mainly of:


Communes of the Vaucluse department

There are 261 communes in the Vaucluse department in France, all included in the following list:

Althen-des-Paluds

Althen-des-Paluds is a commune of 1988 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Ansouis

Ansouis is a commune of 1,105 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Apt, Vaucluse

Apt is a commune of 11,229 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Aubignan

Aubignan is a commune of 3,877 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Aurel, Vaucluse

Aurel is a commune of 158 people (2008). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Auribeau

Auribeau is a commune of 59 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Le Barroux

Le Barroux is a commune of 615 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Bastide-des-Jourdans

La Bastide-des-Jourdans is a commune of 964 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Bastidonne

La Bastidonne is a commune of 677 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Le Beaucet

Le Beaucet is a commune of 352 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Beaumes-de-Venise

Beaumes-de-Venise is a commune of 2,070 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Beaumettes

Beaumettes is a commune of 197 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Beaumont-de-Pertuis

Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune of 934 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Beaumont-du-Ventoux

Beaumont-du-Ventoux is a commune of 286 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Bédarrides

Bédarrides is a commune of 5,110 people (as of 1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Bédoin

Bédoin is a commune of 2,609 people (as of 1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Blauvac

Blauvac is a commune of 337 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Bollène

Bollène is a commune of 13,835 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Bonnieux

Bonnieux is a commune of 1,417 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Brantes

Brantes is a commune of 65 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Buisson

Buisson is a commune of 264 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Buoux

Buoux is a commune of 112 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Cabrières-d'Aigues

Cabrières-d'Aigues is a commune of 819 people (2006). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Cabrières-d'Avignon

Cabrières-d'Avignon is a commune of 1,705 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Flag of Oman

The national flag of Oman () has three stripes (white, green and red) with a red bar on the left that contains the national emblem of Oman. The white stands for peace and prosperity, the green for fertility and the Green Mountains, and the red for battles against foreign invaders. The red is also the colour of the former flag of the nation when it was known simply as the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman.
Until 1970, Oman used the plain red banner of the indigenous people, the Kharijite Muslims. In 1970, the Sultan introduced a complete new set of national flags. Bands of green and white were added to the fly, and the national emblem, the badge of the Albusaidi Dynasty, was placed in the canton. This shows crossed swords over a Gambia, a traditional curved dagger. White has been associated historically with the Imam, the religious leader of Oman and at times the political rival to the ruling Sultan. It also symbolizes peace. Green is traditionally associated with the Jebel al Akhdar, or "Green Mountains," which lie toward the north of the country. Red is a common color in Gulf state flags. The national emblem is said to date back to the 18th century. A curved dagger is fastened over a pair of crossed swords. An ornate horsebit links the weapons.

Cadenet

Cadenet is a commune of 3,950 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Caderousse

Caderousse is a commune of 2,496 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Coat of arms of Oman

The National Emblem of Oman () consists of a khanjar dagger in a sheath that is superimposed upon two crossed swords. This is the traditional symbol of Oman. It is found on numerous flags as well as the currency of Oman and on the planes of the Omani Air Force, among other locations.

Cairanne

Cairanne is a commune of 850 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Camaret-sur-Aigues

Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune of 3,553 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Caromb

Caromb is a commune of 3,117 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Carpentras

Carpentras is a commune of 27,249 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Caseneuve

Caseneuve is a commune of 355 people (1999). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Castellet

Castellet is a commune of 106 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Caumont-sur-Durance

Caumont-sur-Durance is a commune of 4,253 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Cavaillon

Cavaillon is a commune of 24,563 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne

Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne is a commune of 2,838 people (as of 1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-du-Pape

Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a commune of 2,078 people (as of 1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Cheval-Blanc

Cheval-Blanc is a commune of 3,524 people (1999). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Courthézon

Courthézon is a commune of 5,364 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Crestet

Crestet is a commune of 432 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Crillon-le-Brave

Crillon-le-Brave is a commune of 398 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Cucuron

Cucuron is a commune of 1,828 people (2004). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Entraigues-sur-la-Sorgue

Entraigues-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune of 6,612 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Entrechaux

Entrechaux is a commune of 1,008 people (2007). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Faucon

Faucon is a commune of 380 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Flassan

Flassan is a commune of 341 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. It is at the bottom of Mont Ventoux.

Fontaine-de-Vaucluse

Fontaine-de-Vaucluse is a commune of 610 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Gargas, Vaucluse

Gargas is a commune of 196 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Gignac, Vaucluse

Gignac is a commune of 48 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Gigondas

Gigondas is a commune of 648 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Gordes

Gordes is a commune of 2,092 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Goult

Goult is a commune of 1,285 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Grambois

Grambois is a commune of 1,113 people (as of 1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Grillon

Grillon is a commune of 1,686 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue

L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune of 16,971 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Jonquerettes

Jonquerettes is a commune of 1,236 people (1999). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Jonquières, Vaucluse

Jonquières is a commune of 3,926 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. It is also very slippy.

Joucas

Joucas is a commune of 317 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lacoste, Vaucluse

Lacoste is a commune of 408 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lafare

Lafare is a commune of 97 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lagarde-d'Apt

Lagarde-d'Apt is a commune of 26 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lagarde-Paréol

Lagarde-Paréol is a commune of 297 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lagnes

Lagnes is a commune of 1,674 people (2007). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lamotte-du-Rhône

Lamotte-du-Rhône is a commune of 416 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lapalud

Lapalud is a commune of 3,267 people (1999). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Lauris

Lauris is a commune of 3,102 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lioux

Lioux is a commune of 248 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Loriol-du-Comtat

Loriol-du-Comtat is a commune of 1,871 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lourmarin

Lourmarin is a commune of 1,119 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Malaucène

Malaucène is a commune of 2,669 people (2008). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Malemort-du-Comtat

Malemort-du-Comtat is a commune of 1,203 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. During the time of the Roman Empire, the village was called "Calvia." The name Malemort means "bad death" and was probably used after the destruction of the village by the Franks. Comtat means "county", the land belonging to a count. Wine making has been carried out in region for at least 2,400 years. When wine making started again in medieval times, the Archbishop of Carpentras gave his monks a vineyard in Malemort du Comtat in 882.

The village is in the mountains, surrounded by olive and cherry trees. The city was protected by high walls and eleven towers which were built in the 12th century. Three of the gateways in the wall are still standing. The church, Notre Dame de l’Assomption, was built in the 13th century.

Maubec, Vaucluse

Maubec is a commune of 1,581 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Mazan

Mazan is a commune of 4,943 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Ménerbes

Ménerbes is a commune of 1,157 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Mérindol

Mérindol is a commune of 1,923 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. The town has a Mediterranean climate with hot and dry summers and mild winters. It does not rain very often and snow is rare. Protected by the Luberon, a mountain range, the town is sheltered from the mistral, a cold dry wind that blows from the north. The town was first built on a hill which was easy to defend. After the town was destroyed in 1545, it was rebuilt on the plain, near the river.

A ferry was in use to cross the Durance River in the year 1240. Mérindol was abandoned, probably because of plague, in the 15th century.

In the late Middle Ages, Louis II of Provence sold the land to the lords of Abacus-Cental and Rocca Sparviera. They moved in farming families from Piedmont. The farmers were followers of Pierre Vaudes (Peter Waldo). They were part of a group, known as the Vaudois or Waldensians, who had separated from the Catholic Church in 1170. They believed in a simple life based on a line in the Gospel of Matthew. This put them in opposition to the rich and powerful church. In 1530, a Dominican priest, Jean de Roma, began a campaign against the Vaudois because he said they were heretics. His gangs attacked the town and burnt many houses and killed many of the people.

In 1540, de Roma arrested a flour miller from Mérindol, took his mill, and then burned the man at the stake. On November 18 1540, 19 more people were sentenced to death by burning at the stake, and the town was ordered to be completely destroyed. A group from the town went to the king to save the people and the village. He gave them until 1545 AD to give up their religion and rejoin the Catholic Church. On April 18 1545, the village was completely burned and about 12 of the Vaudois still living there were killed. Over one week there were attacks on 11 other small villages, and it is thought that about 3000 people were killed. Many of the Vaudois from Mérindol were able to escape and ran away to Switzerland.

In 1977, members of Vaudois organizations in Germany, France and Italy built a path in memory of the people who had been killed for their religious beliefs. The path leads to the ruins of the Vaudois church.

Méthamis

Méthamis is a commune of 397 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Mirabeau, Vaucluse

Mirabeau is a commune of 907 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Voice over Internet Protocol

Voice over Internet protocol (or VoIP) is a term used for a number of protocols that are used to carry "voice data" over packet switched networks. Before, telephony used a dedicated line that was only for calls. This was known as PSTN (or "public switched telephony network"). Using VoIP will reduce costs, as the "dedicated line" for telephony (and fax) is no longer needed.

There are a number of technical problems that must be solved first, though:

The vast majority of VoIP systems rely on two main protocols:

SIP :- SIP, or also known as session initiation protocol, has become the standard for multimedia sessions on the internet. The Engineering Task Force thinks of this protocol as the standard for audio, video and even instant messaging solutions. This task force is simply a large, international community, composed of anyone involved in the networking evolution online. SIP is modular, meaning that it can be changed around in whatever way needed. Depending on the type of data your business is wishing to transmit, your SIP deployment will need to be designed specifically for this. With that being said, VoIP and IM communications will need to work around these aspects, and be designed for one total approach. 

H.323 :- This protocol has become the international standard for all communication over packet-switched networks. This includes LAN, WAN and even the general internet networks we all connect to. H.323 is considered an umbrella that includes all types of standards, which is what the internet is based on. H.323 focuses on voice, video, and data communications, designed specifically to operate over IP networks. At this point, this protocol has become the world market leader for voice and voice communications over IP networks. H.323 was developed by the international telecommunications union, which is the organization responsible for building the public telephone network. 

Vaucluse

The Vaucluse () is a department in the southeast of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its prefecture is Avignon.

It is named after a famous spring, in the "commune" Fontaine-de-Vaucluse. The name Vaucluse comes from the Latin "Vallis Clausa" ("closed valley") as the valley here ends in a cliff from which rises a spring.

Vaucluse was not one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created on 12 August 1793 with four districts: Apt, Orange, Ouvèze (Carpentras), Vaucluse (Avignon); its capital was Avignon.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the districts were changed into "arrondissements": Avignon, Apt, Carpentras and Orange.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Orange was eliminated and the subprefecture of Apt was moved to Cavaillon but went back to Apt in 1933.

Vaucluse is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeast France, with an area of . The department has an exclave to the north, the canton of Valréas, surrounded completely by Drôme department.

The department borders with 3 regions and 6 other departments:

The are several chains of mountains in the Vaucluse department, mainly in the eastern half; from northeast to southeast, they are:

The highest mountain in the department is "Mont Ventoux" () that is high. It stands alone to the north of the Luberon range, separated by the Vaucluse Mountains, and just to the eastern base of the Dentelles de Montmirail.

There are several valleys and plain in the department. The main important plain is the plain of Comtat where is most of the population of the department. It is to the south and the west of the Mont Ventoux and has the Rhône river to the west, the Durance river to the south and the Vaucluse Mountains to the east.

The main rivers are the Rhône and the Durance, tributary of the Rhône. Other rivers are tributaries of those two rivers.

The climate in Avignon, at an altitude of , is of the subtype Csa (Mediterranean climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Avignon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Avignon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

Vaucluse is part of the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Vaucluse" in Avignon.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 151 "communes" (municipalities) in Vaucluse.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Vaucluse department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Vaucluse are known, in French, as "Vauclusiens" (women: "Vauclusiennes").

Vaucluse has a population, in 2014, of 554,374, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Avignon, with 296,303 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Carpentras and Apt, have respectively 129,623 and 128,448 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Avignon (92,209). The subprefectures of Carpentras and Apt have, respectively, 28,447 and 11,885 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Vaucluse

The 12 most important cities in the department are:

Vaucluse has been always a rural department where farming is the main economic activity. The most important produces in the department are fruits (melons, cherries, strawberrys, apples, grapes and others) and vegetables (tomatoes).

Another important product of the region is wine, mainly those wines known as "Côtes-du-Rhône".



Diffie-Hellman key exchange

The Diffie-Hellman key exchange (sometimes called an Exponential key exchange) is a protocol used to secretly share information with keys.

In 1976, Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman invented a way for people to encrypt data and send it over an open channel. The idea was based on a concept by Ralph Merkle.

Diffie and Hellman wanted to make Transport Layer Security (TLS), a secure way of computers communicating, more safe to perform. For example, while you can use a password to keep a file safe, if you need to tell the password to somebody there is a risk of the password being seen by third parties. Diffie-Hellman key agreement itself is an "anonymous" (non-"authenticated") key-agreement protocol: people involved in the trade do not need to prove who they are, but both people need to use their secret keys to fully decrypt the data. 


Alice and Bob both start at the same number ("10") and both do half of a sum, which means they both get the same result without seeing what the other person added (15 and 30). This is useful in cryptography because Alice and Bob do not share their private numbers, which means a third party cannot spy on the result (55) unless they can find both private numbers; even if a third party knows Alice sent "10" + 15 = 25, they don't know the result is 55 unless they also know Bob sent 30.

Since only Alice and Bob know their private numbers, this is a good way of sending secure information if the numbers are very big and the calculations are difficult. Since computers can use very complicated math to encrypt things, this stops people from trying a brute force attack to guess the numbers until it works. One example of how big calculations are made this way is the original version of Diffie-Hellman, which used both multiplicative group of integers modulo n and primitive root modulo n.

While very useful, Diffie-Hellman is at risk of a man-in-the-middle attack. Alice and Bob do not need to prove who they are to swap their information, which means there is a risk that Charlie can look at the information while it is being swapped, and can even pretend to be Alice or Bob to try and figure out their keys. One way this is avoided is to use authentication, where people perform extra steps to prove who they are.




British royal family

The British royal family are the people who are relatives (family) of the monarch, currently Charles III, of the United Kingdom. They often attend events and help the monarch carry out their duty.

King Charles III and Queen Camilla <br>


MQV

MQV (Menezes-Qu-Vanstone) is an authenticated protocol for key agreement based on the Diffie-Hellman scheme. MQV provides protection against an active attacker. 



Cher (department)

Cher is a department in the centre of France in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It is named after the Cher river, the most important river in the department.

Its prefecture is Bourges.

The department is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. The department was created from part of the former province of Berry.

The new department had seven districts: Aubigny, Sancerre, Sancoins, Saint-Amand, Châteaumeillant, Bourges and Vierzon. The capital (now prefecture) was Bourges.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Bourges, Saint-Amand-Mont-Rond and Sancerre.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Sancerre was eliminated. In 1984, a new "arrondissement" was created: Vierzon.

Cher is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has an area of .

The highest point of the department is "Le Magnoux" (), in the south end of the department in the "commune" of Préveranges, and that is above sea level.

The department is bordered by 6 departments in 4 regions:

The main rivers are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Bourges is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Bourges is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Bourges is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Cher" in Bourges. Cher is part of the region of Centre-Val de Loire.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 290 "communes" (municipalities) in Cher.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Cher department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Cher are known, in French, as "Chériens" (women: "Chériennes") or "Berrichons" (women: "Berrichonnes").

Cher has a population, in 2014, of 310,270, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Bourges, with 173,889 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Evolution of the population in Cher

The main cities in the department are:



Corrèze

Corrèze () is a department in south-western France, named after the Corrèze river. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region and its capital is the city of Tulle.

Corrèze is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created from parts of the old province of Limousin (the "Bas Limousin").

The new department had four districts: Uzerche, Ussel, Tulle and Brive. The capital (now prefecture) was Tulle.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the four districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Tulle, Brive and Ussel.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Ussel was eliminated but, on 6 December 1943, it became again an "arrondissement".

Corrèze is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region; it is to the west of the Massif Central. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 6 departments in 3 regions:

The highest point of the department is the Mont Bessou, high; the lowest point is in the valley of the Vézère river and is high.

The main rivers in the department are the Dordogne, the Vézère and the Corrèze that gives its name to the deparment.

The climate in Brive-la-Gaillarde is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The annual rainfall in Brive-la-Gaillarde is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Brive-la-Gaillarde is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Corrèze" in Tulle. Corrèze is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 283 "communes" (municipalities) in Corrèze.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Corrèze department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Corrèze are known, in French, as "Corréziens" (women: "Corréziennes").

Corrèze has a population, in 2014, of 241,340, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde, with 130,034 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Tulle and Ussel, have respectively 78,408 and 32,898 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Corrèze

The city with more people living in it is Brive-la-Gaillarde (46,961) and not the capitalː Tulle (14,325).

The main cities in the department are:



Runtime

In computer science, runtime or run time describes the operation of a computer program, the duration of its execution, from beginning to termination.

The term runtime can also refer to a virtual machine to manage a program written in a computer language while it is running.

Run time is sometimes used to mean runtime library, a library of basic code that is used by a particular compiler but when used in this fashion, runtime library is more accurate.

A runtime environment is a virtual machine state which provides software services for processes or programs while a computer is running.

Runtime activities include loading and linking of the classes needed to execute a program, optional machine code generation and dynamic optimization of the program, and actual program execution.

For example, a program written in Java calls for services from the Java Runtime Environment by issuing commands from which the expected result is returned by the Java Runtime. By providing these services, the Java Runtime Environment is considered the runtime environment of the program. Both the program and the Java Runtime Environment request services from the operating system. The operating system kernel provides services for itself and all processes and software running under its control. The Operating System may be considered as providing a runtime environment for itself.



Java virtual machine

A Java virtual machine (JVM) is a set of computer software programs and data structures which use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts. The model used by a JVM accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as Java bytecode. 

Java virtual machines operate on Java bytecode, which is normally (but not necessarily) generated from Java source code; a JVM can also be used to implement programming languages other than Java. 

The JVM is an important component of the Java Platform. Because JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms, Java can be both middleware and a platform in its own right – hence the expression "write once, run anywhere." The use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows Java to be described as "compile once, run anywhere", as opposed to "write once, compile anywhere", which describes cross-platform compiled languages. 


Station-to-Station protocol

The Station-to-Station (STS) protocol is a cryptographic (information-hiding) key agreement scheme based on the classic Diffie-Hellman key exchange that provides mutual key and entity (party) authentication.

In addition to protecting the established key from an attacker, the STS protocol uses no timestamps and provides perfect forward secrecy. It also requires two-way explicit key confirmation, making it an "Authenticated key agreement with Key Confirmation" (Acronym: AKC) protocol.

STS was originally presented in 1987 in the context of ISDN security , finalized in 1989 and generally presented by Whitfield Diffie, Paul C. van Oorschot and Michael J. Wiener in 1992.

Internet Key Exchange

Internet Key Exchange (IKE or IKEv2) is the protocol used to set up a security association (SA) in the IPsec protocol suite. IKE uses a Diffie-Hellman key exchange to set up a shared session secret, from which cryptographic keys are derived. Public key techniques or, alternatively, a pre-shared key, are used to mutually authenticate the communicating parties.

IKE builds upon the Oakley protocol.

IKE was originally defined in November 1998 by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in a series of publications (Request for Comments) known as , , and . 

IKE was updated to version two (IKEv2) in December 2005 by . IKEv2 has been further expanded by (Security Architecture for the Internet Protocol) through (DNS Security Extensions Mapping for the EPP). More RFCs are being added all the time as the need arises to further develop the features of the protocol.

The parent organization of the IETF, The Internet Society (ISOC), has maintained the copyrights of these standards as being freely available to the Internet community.


The following Open Source implementations of IKEv2 are currently available: 

Shared secret

In cryptography, a shared secret is a piece of data only known to the parties involved in a secure communication. The shared secret can be a password, a passphrase, a big number or an array of randomly chosen bytes.

The shared secret is either shared before parties start to communicate; in this case it can also be called a pre-shared key. Or it is created at the start of the communication session by using a key-agreement protocol, for-instance using public-key cryptography such as Diffie-Hellman or using symmetric-key cryptography such as Kerberos.

The shared secret can be used for authentication (for instance when logging in to a remote system) using methods such as challenge-response or it can be fed to a key derivation function to produce one or more keys to use for encryption and/or MACing of messages.

To make unique session and message keys the shared secret is usually combined with an initialization vector (IV). An example of this is the derived unique key per transaction method.


Styphnolobium japonicum

Pagoda Tree or Chinese Scholar Tree ("Styphnolobium") is a genus of flowering plants in the "Fabaceae" family. After the segregation of Sophora, this genus comprises 9 species.


Horsforth

Horsforth is a town and civil parish within the City of Leeds, in West Yorkshire, England, lying about five miles north-west of Leeds city centre. Historically within the West Riding of Yorkshire, it has a population of 18,895 according to the 2011 Census.[1] Horsforth was considered to have the largest population of any village in the United Kingdom during the latter part of the 19th century. It became part of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in 1974. In 1999 the community created a civil parish to cover the area, which voted to rename itself a town council. The area sits within the Horsforth ward of Leeds City Council, which also includes the southern part of Rawdon.

Pre-shared key

In cryptography, a pre-shared key or PSK is a shared secret which was previously shared between the two parties using some secure channel before it is used. Such systems almost always use symmetric key cryptographic algorithms. 

The characteristics of this secret or key are determined by the system which uses it; some system require that such keys be in a specific format. It can be a password like 'bret13i', a passphrase like 'Idaho hung gear id gene', or a hexadecimal string like '65E4 E556 8622 EEE1'. The secret is used by all systems involved in the cryptographic processes used to secure the traffic between the systems. 

The term is used in Wi-Fi encryption such as WEP or WPA, where both the wireless access points (AP) and all clients "share" the same key. 

Since one weakpoint of the crypto system is the encryption algorithm's key, the key strength is important, and since the strength of a key is in part dependent on the key length, it is important to choose a key whose length is cryptographically secure (see password strength). There are several tools available to help one choose a strong key. The Diceware method is one example.

Corse-du-Sud

Corse-du-Sud is a department in the south of France. Its prefecture is Ajaccio. As of 2006, about 125,000 people live there.


Haute-Corse

Haute-Corse is a department in the south of France. Its prefecture is Bastia. Haute-Corse has a population of about 148,000 (2006 estimation).

Côte-d'Or

Côte-d'Or (literally, "Slope of Gold", "Golden Slope") is a department in the eastern France. It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution and one of the eight departments of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

Its prefecture (capital) is the city of Dijon. The inhabitants of the department are called "Costaloriens" (women:"Costaloriennes") or "Côte-d'Oriens" (women:"Côte d'Oriennes").

Côte-d'Or is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was formed from part of the old province of Burgundy. It was divided in seven districts: Arnay-le-Duc, Beaune, Châtillon-sur-Seine, Dijon, Is-sur-Tille, Saint-Jean-de-Losne and Semur-en-Auxois.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Dijon, Beaune, Châtillon-sur-Seine and Semur-en-Auxois.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Montbard was made with the "arrondissements" of Châtillon-sur-Seine and Semur-en-Auxois.

Côte-d'Or is the only French department who was not named after a geographical feature: a river, a mountain, and so on. The name was chosen by Charles-André-Rémy Arnoult, member of the National Constituent Assembly of 1789, who suggested the name, inspired by the golden hue that took the vineyards of the region in the autumn.

The French word "" means, in this case, a slope that geologists usually name with the Spanish word "".

Côte-d'Or is part of the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. The department borders with 7 departments that are part of 2 regions:

The department has an area of . The highest point of the department is Mont de Gien (), high; it is in the "commune" Ménessaire. The lowest point of the department, high, is where the river Saône leaves the department, in the "commune" Chivres.

A chain of hills called the Plateau de Langres runs from north-east to south-west through the department to the north of Dijon and continues south-westwards as the Côte d'Or escarpment, which takes its name from that of the department (without the hyphen). It is the south-east facing slope of this which is the site of the celebrated Burgundy vineyards. To the south-east of the plateau and escarpment, the department lies in the broad valley of the middle section of the river Saône.
The main rivers of Côte-d'Or are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Dijon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average temperature for the year in Dijon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Dijon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

In the Plateau de Langres, winters are long and cold with frequent frosts.

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of Côte-d'Or" in Dijon. Côte-d'Or is part of the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 704 "communes" (municipalities) in Côte-d'Or.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Côte-d'Or department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

Côte d'Or has a population, in 2014, of 531,380, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Dijon, with 373,574 inhabitants, is by far the one with more inhabitants. The other two, Beaune and Montbard, have respectively 97,107 and 60,699 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Côte-d'Or

The main cities in the department are:



Côtes-d'Armor

Côtes-d'Armor is a department found in the west of France. Its prefecture is Saint-Brieuc and its population is about 561,000 (). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Côtes-d'Armor has also 3 subprefectures: Dinan, Guingamp and Lannion.

Creuse

Creuse () is a department in central France in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is named after the Creuse river that flows through the department.

Creuse is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created mainly with lands of the old province of County of La Marche.

The new department had seven districts: La Souterraine, Guéret, Boussac, Évaux, Felletin, Bourganeuf and Aubusson. The capital (now prefecture) was Guéret alternating with Aubusson, but soon only Guéret remained as capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Guéret, Aubusson, Bourganeuf and Boussac.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Bourganeuf et Boussac were eliminated.

Creuse is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 6 departments in 3 regions:

The department is in the northwestern part of the Massif Central; the "Millevaches" plateau is in the southeastern part of the department. The highest point is in "Forêt de Châteauvert" (), "commune" of Saint-Oradoux-de-Chirouze, southeastern of the department and in northeastern Massif Central; it is high; the lowest point is in the valley of the Creuse river, high.

The main river in the department is the Creuse, a tributary of the Vienne river and that gives its name to this the deparment; it flows through the department from the southeast to the northwest.

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Creuse" in Guéret. Creuse is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 258 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Vienne.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Creuse department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Creuse are known, in French, as "Creusois" (women: "Creusoises").

Creuse has a population, in 2014, of 120,581, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Guéret, with 83,458 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other "arrondissement", Aubusson, has 37,123 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Dordogne

The main cities in the department are:



Dordogne

Dordogne () is a department in the southwest of France. It is named after the Dordogne river that runs through the department.

The department is in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is between the valley of the Loire river and the Pyrenees. Its prefecture (capital) is Périgueux.

Dordogne was formed during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with parts of the old province of Périgord. It was divided into nine districts: Belvès, Bergerac, Excideuil, Montignac, Montpon, Nontron, Périgueux, Ribérac and Sarlat.

Bergerac, Périgueux and Sarlat-la-Canéda were alternatively the capital of the department but later it was decided that only Périgueux would be the capital.

Dordogne is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is the third largest department of Metropolitan France, after Gironde and Landes. It has an area of .

The department is bordered by seven departments in two regions:

The main river in the department is the Dordogne that gives its name to the department. It runs from east to west through the department. Other rivers are the Isle and the Vézère, both tributaries of the Dordogne.

The highest point in the department is the southwestern summit of the "Forêt de Vieillecour" (), in northwestern Massif Central near the border with the Haute-Vienne department, with an altitude of . The lowest point is in the valley of the Dordogne river and is high.

Dordogne is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is managed by the "Departamental Council of Dordogne" in Périgueux.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 25 "cantons" and 520 "communes" (municipalities) in Dordogne.

The following is a list of the 25 cantons of the Dordogne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Dordogne are known, in French, as "Dordognais" (women: "Dordognaises"). They are also known as "Périgordins" or "Périgoudins".

in 2014, the department of Dordogne had a population of 416,350, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Périgueux, with 189,301 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other three, Bergerac, Nontron and Sarlat-la-Canéda, have respectively 111,875, 40,508 and 74,666 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Dordogne

The cities in the department with more of 5,000 inhabitants are:



Doubs

Doubs is a department in eastern France. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Doubs river.

The largest city in the department, and its prefecture (capital), is the city of Besançon.

Doubs is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Besançon as its capital. It was formed from part of the old province of "Franche-Comté".

It was divided in six districts: Besançon, Baume-les-Dames, Saint-Hippolyte, Pontarlier, Quingey and Ornans. In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Besançon, Baume-les-Dames, Pontarlier and Saint-Hippolyte. In 1816, the subprefecture of Saint-Hippolyte is moved to Montbéliard.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Baume-les-Dames was eliminated.

Doubs is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 3 departments of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region (Jura, Haute-Saône and Territoire de Belfort) and 3 cantons of Switzerland (Vaud, Neuchâtel and Jura).

The Doubs department is partially on the Jura Mountains, mainly the eastern part of the department on the border with Switzerland. The highest point in the department is Mont d'Or (), high; it is on the border between the "communes" Jougne and Longevilles-Mont-d'Or at about to the south of the city of Pontarlier. The lowest point is where the Ognon leaves the department, high.

The main rivers in the department are the Doubs, that gives its name to the department, the Ognon and the Loue (tributary of the Doubs).

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Besançon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average temperature for the year in Besançon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Besançon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

Doubs is managed by the "Departmental Council of Doubs" in Besançon. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 578 "communes" (municipalities) in Saône-et-Loire.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Doubs department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Doubs are known, in French, as "Doubistes", or "Doubiens" (women: "Doubiennes").

Doubs had a population, in 2014, of 534,710, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Besançon, with 248,199 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Doubs

The cities with more than inhabitants in the department are:

Some places of interest are:



Drôme

Drôme () is a French department in southeastern France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region and named after the Drôme river. Its prefecture is the city of Valence.

Drôme is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790; it was made with part of the old French province of Dauphiné. It was divided in 6 districts: Romans, Valence, Die, Buis, Montélimar,and Crest. The capital was Chabeuil but in the same year the capital was moved to Valence.

With the creation of the "arrondissements", the 6 districts became four "arrondissements": Valence, Die, Montélimar and Nyons. In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Montélimar was eliminated.

Drôme is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, in southeastern France, with an area of .

The department borders with 5 other departments in 2 regions:

There are 5 natural regions in Drôme; they are, from north to south:

The highest point in the department is "Rocher Rond", (). It is high it is on the border with the Hautes-Alpes department.

The main rivers of Drôme are:

The climate of the Drôme department, in the city of Valence, is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Valence, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Valence is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

Drôme is part of the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Drôme" in Valence.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 353 "communes" (municipalities) in Drôme.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Drôme department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Drôme are known, in French, as "Drômois" (women: "Drômoises").

Drôme has a population, in 2014, of 499,159, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Valence, with 314,233 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Nyons and Die, have respectively 141,971 and 42,955 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Valence (62,150 inhabitants). The subprefectures of Nyons and Die have, respectively, 6,641 and 4,516 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Drôme

The 10 most important cities in the department are:



IPsec

Internet Protocol Security (IPsec) is a way of making Internet communications more secure and private.

IPsec is a collection of protocols for securing Internet Protocol (IP) communications by authenticating (and optionally encrypting) each of a data stream. IPsec also includes protocols for establishing mutual authentication between agents at the beginning of the session and negotiation of cryptographic keys to be used during the session. IPsec can be used to protect data flows between a pair of hosts (e.g. computer users or servers), between a pair of security gateways (e.g. routers or firewalls), or between a security gateway and a host. 

IPsec is an end-to-end security solution and operates at the Internet Layer of the Internet Protocol Suite, comparable to Layer 3 in the OSI model. Other Internet security protocols in widespread use, such as SSL, TLS and SSH, operate in the upper layers of these models. This makes IPsec more flexible, as it can be used for protecting all the higher level protocols, because applications do not need to be designed to use IPsec, whereas the use of TLS/SSL or other higher-layer protocols must be built-in the application.

The term "IPsec" is officially defined by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF). This definition includes the form of capitalization used for the term; it is often incorrectly spelled "IPSec".




Eure

Eure is a department found in the northwest of France in the Normandy region. Its prefecture is Évreux. Eure has a population of about 557,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Eure-et-Loir

Eure-et-Loir is a department in north-central France in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It is named after the two main rivers that flow through the department: Eure and Loir.

Its prefecture is Chartres and there are three subprefectures: Châteaudun, Dreux and Nogent-le-Rotrou.

The department is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. The department was created mainly from parts of the former provinces of "Orléanais" (Beauce) and "Maine" (Perche), but also parts of the old "Île-de-France".

The new department had six districts: Chartres, Châteaudun, Châteauneuf-en-Thymerais, Dreux, Janville and Nogent-le-Rotrou. The capital (now prefecture) was Chartres.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Chartres, Châteaudun, Dreux and Nogent-le-Rotrou.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou was eliminated but in 1943 Nogent-le-Rotrou became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

Eure-et-Loir is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has an area of .

The department is bordered by the 7 departments in 4 regions:


The highest point of the department is the "Butte de Rougemont" (), in the "commune" of Vichères, and that is above sea level.

The rivers in the department are in two watersheds:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Chartres is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Chartres is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Chartres is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Eure-et-Loir" in Chartres. Eure-et-Loir is part of the region of Centre-Val de Loire.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 375 "communes" (municipalities) in Eure-et-Loir.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Eure-et-Loir department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Eure-et-Loir are known, in French, as "Euréliens" (women: "Euréliennes").

Eure-et-Loir has a population, in 2014, of 433,762, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Chartres, with 207,869 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Evolution of the population in Eure-et-Loir

The main cities in the department are:



Key-agreement protocol

In cryptography, a key-agreement protocol is a cryptographic protocol by which two or more parties can agree on a key in such a way that both have an effect on the results.

Finistère

Finistère is a department found in the west of France in the Brittany region. Its prefecture is Quimper. Finistère has a population of about 874,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

1800s Atlantic hurricane seasons

The decade of 1800s featured the 1800–1809 Atlantic hurricane seasons. While info for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline were had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation is between June 1 and November 30.

I. A minimal hurricane that passed through the Leeward Islands on August 10 moved through the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico to strike southeast Louisiana on August 18. 

II. On August 27 and August 28, a hurricane struck Exuma in the Bahamas. 

III. During September 9 and September 10 a hurricane impacted Bermuda. (from Beware the Hurricane)

IV. Between October 2 and October 5, a hurricane lingered across South Carolina.

V. The ship, Galgo, was sunk during a hurricane on October 9 over the southwest Atlantic. All 25 crew members were rescued.

VI. On October 31, a hurricane struck Jamaica before moving onward to Cuba and the southwest Atlantic. During November 4 and November 5, Bermuda experienced this hurricane. A lighthouse begun in 1795 on Wreck Hill was abandoned after this storm, as it was then determined to be an unsuitable site. (from Beware the Hurricane)

I. Nassau, Bahamas experienced a hurricane on July 22. 120 sails were wrecked onshore. The system moved westward into the Gulf of Mexico.

II. On August 15 and August 16, this hurricane made landfall near Mobile, Alabama.

A hurricane was spotted west of Jamaica between October 6 and October 10.

I. In August, a hurricane hit the West Indies. It continued through Jamaica, moved northward, and eventually hit England later in the month. It caused 121 deaths.

II. A hurricane hit near the Chesapeake Bay on August 29, causing at least one death.

III. In addition, a minimal hurricane right on its heels hit near New Bern, North Carolina on August 31 and September 1. This type of tropical cyclone succession up the coast is similar to the Connie/Diane East coast landfalls of 1955.

IV. During October 2 and October 3, a hurricane reportedly impacted Norfolk, Virginia.

I. During August 18 and August 19, a hurricane was noted in Jamaica. 

II. A hurricane was first spotted near the Leeward Islands on September 3. It moved northwestward, and hit Georgia as a major hurricane on September 7. It continued slowly through South Carolina and North Carolina, leaving the mainland on the 9th before striking New England on September 12. The hurricane caused 500 deaths.

III. Between September 22 and September 24, a tropical storm tracked from Cuba northward to South Carolina.

IV. Later in the season, a major hurricane moved northwestward across the Western Atlantic to the north of Puerto Rico. It hit near Atlantic City, New Jersey on October 9, and turned northeastward. As it crossed New England, cool air was entrained in the circulation, and it became extratropical. The storm brought heavy snow across the Northeast, in some areas up to 2–3 feet, and killed 8 people. This was the first observation of snow from a landfalling hurricane, but not the last.

I. Between July 27 and August 1, a hurricane tracked through the southwest Atlantic east of Bermuda.

II. On September 30, a hurricane struck Mantanzas, Cuba then moved northward into Maine by October 3.

I. A tropical cyclone was noted near the northeastern Lesser Antilles on August 17. Moving west-northwest, the cyclone strengthened into a major hurricane which hit the southern North Carolina coast on August 23 and led to 42 deaths. It moved out to sea, disrupting British and French ships involved in the Napoleonic Wars.

II. A tropical cyclone moved through the Mona Passage on August 26 before moving just offshore the East Coast of the United States through September 3.

III. A hurricane hit Dominica on September 9, resulting in 457 casualties. The cyclone subsequently moved through the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico, striking Mississippi by September 18.

IV. On September 15, a hurricane hit northeast Florida, destroying several houses but leading to no deaths. 

V. On September 20, another hurricane hit Dominica, causing an additional 165 deaths.

VI. On September 28, a minimal hurricane hit the Outer Banks of North Carolina, destroying one ship.

VII. During October 2, a tropical cyclone was witnessed at Jamaica. Moving northward, it struck South Carolina by October 9.

I. A tropical storm moved through the Lesser Antilles on July 25.

II. On September 1, another tropical cyclone moved through the Lesser Antilles, striking Trinidad de Cuba on September 5.

III. Between October 16 and October 20, this hurricane moved from the extreme southeastern Caribbean Sea to the west of Jamaica.

A minimal hurricane hit the Outer Banks on September 12, damaging the lighthouse there.

I. A tropical cyclone struck Dominica, Guadeloupe, Tortola, and Montserrat between August 1 and August 3, killing 62 people.

II. Another hurricane hit Puerto Rico on August 17. It drifted over the island, and caused a "Great death toll".

III. A tropical storm affected the northern Leeward Islands between October 9 and October 13.



1810s Atlantic hurricane seasons

The decade of 1810s featured the 1810–1819 Atlantic hurricane seasons. While info for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline were had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation is between June 1 and November 30.

I. On July 30 and 31, this tropical storm impacted Jamaica.

II. On August 12 a hurricane hit Trinidad, causing heavy damage. The system apparently moved to Jamaica by the 15th.

III. A tropical storm hit near Charleston, South Carolina between September 11 and 13, causing minor damage.

IV. A tropical cyclone impacts eastern Cuba on September 28.

V. The "Salty Storm" strikes Cuba on October 24 and 25 before continuing onward into the southwest Atlantic. The pressure at Havana falls to 29.35"

I. A minor hurricane that impacted Cuba continued onward to Charleston, South Carolina on September 10, causing many deaths, tornadoes, and crop damage as it moved across the state.

II. On October 4 a major hurricane hit near St. Augustine, Florida. Many homes were destroyed, and 35 people drowned in the sinking of a U.S. Gunboat.

III. On October 11 a hurricane impacts Pensacola, Florida and Fort Stoddard, Alabama.

IV. A hurricane moved through the western Caribbean west of Jamaica to Cuba between October 20 and 25. On October 26 a Spanish ship is lost at Elliot Key from a hurricane.

I. Between June 5 and 11, a tropical storm moved through the northwest Caribbean Sea.

II. A tropical cyclone impacted Puerto Rico on July 23.

III. On August 8, a tropical storm moved into South Carolina.

IV. A tropical cyclone was sighted east of Jamaica on August 14. By August 19, it struck southeast Louisiana as a major hurricane after raking the Caribbean Islands. It passed just to the west of New Orleans, almost destroying the levee north of town. The hurricane caused severe flooding, damaged 53 boats, caused $6,000,000 in damage, and 100 deaths. The British fleet in the War of 1812 was disrupted.

V. There is record of another hurricane affecting Puerto Rico on August 21.

VI. Later in the season, a hurricane hit Jamaica on October 12, affecting the island into the 14th. It continued northwestward, hitting Cuba on the 14th before moving into the southwest Atlantic east of Bermuda by October 17. It destroyed 500 houses and many ships.

I. On July 22, a hurricane hit Barbados, killing 18 there. It continued through the islands, affecting Puerto Rico on the 23rd, causing more damage and deaths along its path. This is likely the same storm that struck the Bahamas as a major hurricane on July 26 and recurved west of Bermuda by July 29.

II. After moving through the Leeward Islands on July 29, this storm struck Jamaica from July 31 – August 1, leading to many lives lost. The hurricane was last seen moving into Belize on August 3.

III. Between August 3 and 7, a tropical cyclone passed nearby Bermuda, with a bulk of the impact occurring on August 4 and early August 5. It was the worst hurricane to impact the island since 1793 and forced the construction of a breakwater to prevent a similar harbor disaster from recurring; more than 30 ships were driven ashore by the "violent gale." Winds were estimated at during the cyclone's passage. (from the book Beware the Hurricane)

IV. A powerful hurricane hit Dominica and Martinique beginning August 25, causing 3000 deaths. The cyclone moved south of Jamaica by August 28.

V. A system that affected the Caicos Islands on August 24 moved northwest to strike as a compact major hurricane near Charleston, South Carolina on August 27, causing many deaths due to drowning. The system passed northward through the Mid-Atlantic States by August 29.

VI. Northeast Florida/Southeast Georgia was hit by a major hurricane on September 16, causing strong storm surge and 50 casualties.

I. A minimal hurricane hit South Carolina on July 1, causing 1 tornado.

II. A hurricane impacted Dominica and Puerto Rico between July 22 and 24.

III. A hurricane made landfall near Washington, D.C., including a tornado that "tore through the center", curtailing the Burning of Washington by the British.

III. A hurricane affected Bermuda for four days around October 10. (from Beware the Hurricane)

I. Cape Lookout, North Carolina was hit by a major hurricane on September 3. It moved northeastward across the state, reaching the Atlantic Ocean near Maryland. It weakened over land to a tropical storm, but still brought gusty winds to New England. It caused at least 4 deaths.

II. Three weeks later, another major hurricane was located off the coast of Virginia moving northward. It hit Long Island, New York on September 23, causing damage and destruction throughout New England. At least 20 deaths occurred, though "The loss of life was so heavy that the newspapers did not have space enough to give all the details of the marine disasters."

III. A tropical storm was located off the coast of South Carolina on September 28, but did not make landfall.

IV. From October 17 until October 19 Jamaica was hit by a hurricane. It drifted over the island, causing 100 deaths.

V. A minor hurricane hit Saint Bartholomew on October 18. It turned northwestward, and moved up the Chesapeake Bay on October 24, delaying ships' arrivals.

Records from ship logs have determined both 1815 and 1816 were active hurricane seasons, with at least 12 tropical cyclones ascribed to 1816 alone. 1816 was the Year without a Summer, and there is some evidence that a northward-displaced Intertropical Convergence Zone appears to be partially responsible for the increased 1816 tropical cyclone activity.

I. June 5–8: A hurricane brushed the Florida Keys, causing the loss of 5 ships. Interestingly, it appears to have been lured northward by an unusual June snowstorm across New England

II. Haiti, around Port-au-Prince, was struck by a hurricane on August 18

III. Martinique, eastern Cuba, and South Carolina were impacted by a hurricane between September 3 and 11.

IV. A tropical storm affected Virginia on September 18 before moving northeast into New York. The tropical storm caused heavy flooding in the James River area.

V. There is record of a hurricane moving by Dominica and Barbados on September 15 before devastating Puerto Rico on September 18. The cyclone then recurved between the United States East coast and Bermuda by September 25.

VI. On October 16–17, a severe gale was experienced in Dominica and Martinique. During the storm, an earthquake shook the region.

I. A hurricane was first observed near Tobago on August 1 before continuing through the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico by August 6. It crossed over Florida, and when it reached the western Atlantic, it paralleled the coastlines of Georgia and South Carolina. It moved inland over southern North Carolina, and brought heavy rain to the Norfolk, Virginia area, delaying mail delivery and causing flooding through the mid-Atlantic as it moved northward into Pennsylvania by August 9. Its track appears similar to that of Hurricane Charley of August 2004.

II. Barbados was struck by a hurricane on October 21, causing 250 deaths as it moved through the Lesser Antilles. The hurricane subsequently moved into Nicaragua by October 26.

I. A hurricane passed through the central Atlantic east of Bermuda to south and east of the Azores between August 26 and September 5. It reportedly silted at Hamilton Harbor on Bermuda. (from Beware the Hurricane)

II. A hurricane passed by the Cayman Islands in early September. It crossed the Yucatán Peninsula, and turned northwest when it reached the Bay of Campeche. The hurricane intensified to a Category 2-3 before hitting Galveston, Texas on September 12 and continuing onward to Mississippi. The hurricane was "quite severe", destroying all but six houses on Galveston Island.

III. A tropical cyclone seriously affected Puerto Rico on September 22. It possibly recurved sharply offshore the Eastern Seaboard, as the frigate Macedonian encountered a hurricane on the 26th and 27th to the east-northeast of Bermuda. The breeze freshened that afternoon as the ship lay near 35.6N 55.7W. By sunset, waves increased to nine feet, and southeast gales lashed the system after midnight on the 27th. Winds continued to increase into that afternoon, as seas increased to . One man fell overboard by 5 p.m. and drowned. The hurricane reached its full violence by 10 p.m., splitting the storm staysails, and making the rigging useless. The main mast cracked under the strain by 2 a.m. on the 28th, and the mizzenmast followed suit by 4 a.m.. Seawater poured into the ship from all sides, as the wooden hull twisted under the force of the waves. The ship finally cleared the storm without capsizing by noon, and finally got to see a sunset by the evening of the 29th (from Chronicles of the Frigate Macedonian 1809-1922 p. 129-139).

IV. An October 12–14 hurricane affected Jamaica and the central Bahamas.

V. Between November 6 and 13, another hurricane moved across the southwest Caribbean Sea into Jamaica and Cuba.

The exact origin of this hurricane is unknown, but it likely formed off the coast of Cuba before heading on a west-northwest track towards the Gulf Coast. A small hurricane, it reached an estimated Category 3-4 strength before making landfall on July 27 in southeastern Louisiana, bringing heavy winds and a 5–6 ft storm surge. The hurricane continued northeastward, making a second landfall in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi before dissipating inland. Known as one of the most destructive hurricanes to affect the United States during the first half of the 19th century, the Bay St. Louis Hurricane caused severe damage across Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, leaving behind the remains of shattered buildings and uprooted trees. Several vessels (from small boats to 60-ton brigs) were driven ashore by the hurricane's storm surge. One of them was the capsizing of the U.S. warship Firebrand, drowning 39 sailors. Several U.S. solders were caught off guard by the hurricane and died in its midst. There were also reports of people being attacked by alligators, snapping turtles, and snakes, which further added to the death toll. The hurricane caused over $100,000 dollars (1819 US dollars) in damage, and killed between 43 and 175 people, some of them later found washed up across the Gulf Coast.

II. A tropical storm hit between New Orleans and Apalachicola in September.

III. Between September 19 and 26, a hurricane tracked through the northeast Lesser Antilles and southwest of Bermuda. During September 21 and 22, this hurricane hit the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, causing heavy damage and loss of life.

IV. From October 13 to 15, a hurricane passed through the Leeward Islands.

V. A hurricane is recorded to have impacted Cuba on October 27 before moving onward to the Bahamas on October 28.




1820s Atlantic hurricane seasons

I. A minimal hurricane moved from Florida on September 8 northward to hit near the border of North Carolina and South Carolina on September 10. It caused only minor damage.

II. A hurricane was sighted at Dominica on September 26 before moving west-northwest through Hispaniola, then across the southwest Atlantic to South Carolina on October 1.
I. A tropical storm moved westward across the Caribbean, from Guadeloupe on September 1 to western Cuba on September 9.

The Norfolk and Long Island Hurricane was a deadly hurricane that rapidly moved up the Atlantic coast during the first few days of September. It included a hurricane landfall within the modern borders of New York City, the only recorded case of a hurricane eyewall moving directly over the city. It caused 200 deaths, and is estimated to have been a Category 4 hurricane.

III. Later in September, from the 15th-17th, a strong hurricane hit Mississippi. This was a very large storm, bringing storm surge flooding from Mobile to what is now Wakulla and Taylor Counties, Florida. 11 of the 13 vessels in the harbor at Pensacola Bay were lost, causing 35 deaths.

I. A hurricane struck the central Gulf coast between July 7 and July 9.

II. This hurricane moved north-northwest from the Bahamas on September 25 to hit Charleston, South Carolina on September 27. It claimed the lives of hundreds of slaves who found themselves trapped in the low-lying Santee Delta, miles from higher ground and with no shelter. It caused 300 (or more deaths), but managed to break a drought in the Richmond area.

III. From October 20 to the 22nd, a hurricane hit Virginia, causing heavy damage and winds in the Richmond area.

IV. A rare December hurricane moved through the eastern Caribbean Sea and eventually into Venezuela between December 13 and December 22.

I. A tropical storm moved from Curaçao on July 8 to near Jamaica on July 10.

II. A tropical storm moved south of Jamaica on August 2 and August 3.

III. A hurricane which formed in the west-central Gulf of Mexico on September 11 moved slowly northeast, striking the central Gulf coast on September 14.
I. A severe hurricane was sighted at Guadeloupe on September 7 and moved across the northeast Lesser Antilles and the southwest Atlantic to hit Georgia and South Carolina on September 14, causing 100 deaths. It washed out all bridges between Darien and Savannah. Moving northward, it hit Savannah and South Carolina before going out to sea. Because hurricanes were somewhat frequent, residents were used to evacuating the area. Those who did not evacuate saw the destruction caused by this strong hurricane. This is likely one of the strongest hurricanes to hit Georgia in its history.

II. Between September 26 and September 27, a tropical storm moved south of Jamaica.

I. A tropical storm formed south of Santo Domingo on May 28. It moved across Cuba on the 1st, and while moving across Florida it caused heavy winds. When it reached the western Atlantic it rapidly strengthened, hitting Charleston as a hurricane, but it lost strength over the northwestern Atlantic Ocean.

II. On July 6, a moderate hurricane hit Puerto Rico, destroying 6 villages.

III. Two weeks later, on July 26, a powerful hurricane hit near Guadeloupe. It continued west-northwestward to hit Puerto Rico, causing 1,300 deaths, before tracking to the west of Bermuda by August 2.

IV. A hurricane struck Haiti on September 28 and moved northwestward into northeast Florida by October 3.

V. A late season hurricane hit North Carolina on November 17, killing at least 5.

I. A hurricane hit the Cayman Islands and western Cuba on August 27, causing 33 deaths.

II. A tropical storm spotted near Dominica on August 31 moved west-northwest to Jamaica before moving northward to the Grand Banks by September 10.

I. A hurricane struck Antigua on August 17 and moved westward to Jamaica before continuing westward to Vera Cruz, Mexico.

II. A hurricane formed over the Windward Islands on August 18. It moved northwest through the Bahamas on the 21st, and hit Cape Hatteras on August 24. It moved up the Chesapeake Bay, causing higher than normal tides, and eventually through New England by August 27. This is known as the St. Kitts Hurricane.

III. This hurricane moved through the northern Leeward Islands a week after the last storm on August 27 before continuing westward into the eastern Gulf of Mexico, recurving northward to strike northwest Florida by September 5.

IV. A tropical storm moved through the southwest Atlantic between the West Indies and Bermuda from August 29 to September 8.

A hurricane moved from the northern Lesser Antilles on September 15 northward by Bermuda on September 19, where it caused a "severe gale" and sank 3 ships, before moving into the north Atlantic shipping lanes. and from "Beware the Hurricane!"

I. A tropical storm moved through the Gulf of Mexico between July 9 and July 13.

II. A strong tropical storm moved through South Carolina and the Outer Banks of North Carolina before moving northwest of Bermuda during the last week of August.

III. On September 10, a hurricane hit the mouth of the Rio Grande. Port Isabel and Brazos Santiago saw great destruction, while other towns had higher than normal tides.

IV. A hurricane hit Saint Barthemelow on October 26, possibly sinking one ship.


Terry Tucker. Beware the Hurricane! The Story of the Gyratory Tropical Storms That Have Struck Bermuda. Bermuda: Hamilton Press, 1966, p. 87-89.


1830s Atlantic hurricane seasons

I. A hurricane moved from Trinidad to western Cuba between August 3 and August 9.

II. First noted in the Leeward Islands on August 11, a hurricane moved into the Caribbean in the middle of August. It moved west-northwestward, and approached the coast of Florida. It came close to present-day Daytona Beach on August 15, but recurved northeastward before landfall, although land was not spared from effects. It made landfall near Cape Fear on the 16th and went out to sea that night, eventually well to the north of Bermuda just offshore the Canadian Maritimes. The hurricane broke a three-month drought, but caused heavy crop damage in the process.

III. A hurricane tracked north of the Leeward Islands on August 19 through the southwest and western Atlantic by August 26.

IV. A hurricane moved from north of Puerto Rico on September 29 to well northeast of Bermuda on October 1.

V. A tropical storm struck South Carolina on October 6.

I. A tropical storm made landfall in northeast Florida on June 10.

II. A hurricane moved from south of Barbados to the Yucatán Peninsula between June 22 and June 28.

III. The Great Barbados Hurricane was an intense Category 4 hurricane that left cataclysmic damage across the Caribbean and Louisiana in 1831. It left 2,500 people dead and $7 million (1831 dollars) in damage.

IV. A strong tropical storm/hurricane struck western Louisiana between August 27 and August 30.

V. A hurricane hit near the mouth of the Rio Grande, causing heavy rain over Texas and Mexico.

I. Early in the season, a hurricane moved through the Bahamas around June 5, causing 52 deaths. The gale began June 6 at 8 p.m. at Bermuda from the northeast, with the center passing quite close to the island as the wind shifted to southwest at 10:30 p.m. The storm lasted until 3 a.m. on June 7. Two schooners were damaged during the system. (from Beware the Hurricane)

II. On August 12, this hurricane was noted near Key West. The cyclone moved across the eastern Gulf of Mexico striking northwest Florida, then recurving through the Southeast to move through South Carolina by August 18.

III. On August 21 a tropical storm was witnessed to the west-southwest of the Cape Verde Islands in the eastern tropical Atlantic.

IV. Between August 23 and August 27, a hurricane moved from the central Leeward Islands to the east of Jamaica.

V. On October 14, a tropical storm moved into South Carolina.

A hurricane passed offshore of Norfolk in late August, keeping ships at harbor but causing no damage.

I. On September 4 a hurricane hit South Carolina, causing 37 deaths. It moved through North Carolina and Virginia, capsizing the ship "E. Pluribus Unum". The crew made it safely to shore.

II. A hurricane struck the island of Dominica on September 20, bringing heavy winds and a 12 ft storm surge that devastated the capital of Roseau; 230 people are believed to have been killed by the hurricane's onslaught. Then the hurricane made its second landfall at Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic on the 23rd. About 170 sailors died when their ships sank in the Ozama River. On land the hurricane disrupted the funeral service of Padre Ruiz, a Roman Catholic priest. A total of 400 people were killed from the hurricane.

III. Also in September, a hurricane hit south Texas, causing heavy damage.

A hurricane was first detected near Antigua on August 12. It moved over Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, and Cuba, causing at least 3 casualties. It moved across the Florida Straits and the Gulf of Mexico, hitting near the mouth of the Rio Grande on August 18. There, it destroyed small villages, caused strong storm surge, and killed 18 people.

Jay Barnes in "Florida's Hurricane History" pg 56, noted a hurricane, possibly the same, that smashed Cape Florida and Key Biscayne, creating the Norris Cut and knocking over the Ponce de Leon lighthouse. From there, the storm entered the Gulf of Mexico and took a hard northeast tack, damaging Fort Brooke in Tampa, terrorizing the city, and then ambling northward into Georgia and the Carolinas, making the trip "all the way into New England."

A hurricane hit the Cayman Islands during this season.

I. On July 26 a storm hit Martinique. It caused 57 deaths.

II. On August 2, a hurricane hit Puerto Rico, causing 141 deaths.

III. A tropical system was observed east of the West Indies on August 13. It moved through the islands, and passed the Bahamas on the 16th. As it was recurving, it hit the North Carolina coast on the 18th. It slowly moved over land, causing 48 hours of strong winds, and moved offshore on the 20th. This is known as the Calypso Hurricane.

IV. The 10th known tropical storm in the 1837 season, nicknamed Racer's Storm, was first observed in the Western Caribbean during late September. It moved across the Yucatán Peninsula and the western Gulf of Mexico, where it hit Brownsville, Texas on October 2. It remained over land for 3 days before recurving to the east, hitting near Louisiana and Pensacola before moving out to sea. This hurricane caused 105 deaths.

I. On September 7, a hurricane hit near Cape Florida, causing 38 deaths.

II. A late season hurricane hit the east coast of Mexico on November 1, sinking 2 U.S. ships.

I. A hurricane hit Charleston, South Carolina on August 28. It passed over North Carolina and Virginia before going out to sea on the 30th.

II. This cyclone is known as Reid's Hurricane. The system moved from east of the West Indies into the southwest Atlantic. Swells were noted as early as September 9 at Bermuda. During late on the September 11 and early on September 12, this hurricane struck Bermuda. The storm tide was measured as 11 feet/3.3 meters. Thousands of trees were downed. The tower on Tower Hill was levelled. Damage done to private property totalled 8000 pounds sterling (1839 pounds). This cyclone later swept western Ireland as an extratropical storm, which they called The Great Wind of 1839. This was one of the first hurricanes to be studied by William Reid in person, in this case as governor of the island the year after his publication of "The Law of Storms". (from Beware the Hurricane)

III. During the middle of September, a hurricane approached the coast of Louisiana. It struck near Lake Charles, then known as Charley's Lake, on September 15.

IV. A late season hurricane hit Galveston, Texas on November 5.




Jigglypuff

Jigglypuff, known in Japan as Purin (プリン), is one of the fictional species of Pokémon from the "Pokémon" media franchise owned by Nintendo and Game Freak. Since it was introduced early in the "Pokémon" anime, it has become one of the most famous Pokémon.

Jigglypuff is perhaps most famous for the song it sings which puts everyone who hears it into a deep sleep. Jigglypuff then becomes upset because it assumes everyone is very bored by the song, and it draws all over their faces with a marker.

Jigglypuff is a small Pokémon, slightly shorter than Pikachu. It is shaped like a balloon and has a pink body with blue eyes, catlike ears, and a strange tuft of fur on its forehead.

In the "Pokémon" video games, Jigglypuff is famous among players because it learns the move Sing, which puts enemy Pokémon to sleep. This often causes them to lose the battle, and many players find it very annoying.

Jigglypuff was introduced in "Pokémon Red and Blue", the first "Pokémon" games. It has appeared in most of the games since then. It evolves into Wigglytuff, an "upgraded" form of Jigglypuff. Starting with "Pokémon Gold and Silver", Jigglypuff has a pre-evolved evolutionary form, Igglybuff. Igglybuff was one of the 100 new Pokémon introduced in "Gold" and "Silver". Previously there were only 151.

Jigglypuff has also appeared in "Super Smash Bros.," "Super Smash Bros. Melee", "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", and "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". It is a light and fast character who is great in the air. Its attacks include Rollout, Pound, Sing, Rest, and its Final Smash, Puff Up.

Jigglypuff is one of the most famous Pokémon, alongside Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Charmander, and Mewtwo, mostly because it has appeared many times in the still-running "Pokémon" anime. It usually appears unexpectedly and puts Pokémon and humans near it to sleep for a few minutes by singing its trademark song. It has a black permanent marker, similar to a Sharpie, with which it often draws on people and Pokémon's faces while they are asleep. This is an act of revenge because everyone falls asleep when they hear Jigglypuff's song and Jigglypuff assumes it's because they are very bored by it. Since people are upset when Jigglypuff puts them to sleep, and Jigglypuff is upset when they fall asleep, it is a vicious circle.

In episode "Beach Blank-Out Blastoise", Jigglypuff somehow got stuck in Blastoise's hydro cannon. When it was finally freed, it put everyone to sleep and then drew on their faces.

Al-Qa'im (Fatimid caliph)

Muhammad al-Qaim Bi-Amrillah (893 - 17 May, 946) () was the second Caliph of the Fatimids in Ifriqiya and ruled from 934 to 946. He is the 12th Imam according to Isma'ili Faatemi faith.

Al-Qaim (sometimes also spelled Ka'im) was born in Salamya in Syria in 895 with the name Abd ar-Rahman. After his father Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah (910-934) seized power in Ifriqiya he was named heir to the throne in 912, and helped put down several revolts. But campaigns into Egypt failed because of the resistance of the Abbasids (914-915 and 919-921).

In 934 Al-Qaim succeeded his father as Caliph. The Fatimid realm became an important power in the Mediterranean. After the re-conquest of Sicily the Byzantine province of Calabria and the coast of Italy and France were . 

But from 944 to 947 there was a crisis by the revolt of Abu Yazid, who had united the Kharijite Berber tribes of eastern Algeria and overrun Ifriqiya. Imam Al-Qaim was able to hold out in Mahdia with the help of the navy for over a year, but died (17 May 946) before the revolt could be put down. 

He was succeeded by his son Ismail al-Mansur (946-953).
He died on 13 th Shawwal 334 AH (Mahdiyya)/ 17th May 946 AD


Victoria Falls

Victoria Falls is a waterfall in south central Africa in the Zambezi River between southeast Zambia and northwest Zimbabwe. It is 108.3 m high and 1,703 m wide.

The falls were discovered by David Livingstone in November 1855, when he saw it on what is now known as Livingstone Island. He named it after Queen Victoria. The Chitonga name for the Falls is Mosi-oa-Tunya. That word means "the smoke that thunders". They call it that because the Falls are very misty.

The Falls more or less dry up in the dry season.

It is listed as one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites.


Anti-nuclear movement

people who are anti-nuclear, are against the use of nuclear power for electricity generation, since they think nuclear power is dangerous. They consider the risk of a nuclear accident unacceptable and generally believe that radioactive waste cannot be disposed of safely. Many also see uranium mining and nuclear reprocessing as bad, because of the environmental risks of these activities. The 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents have "revived anti-nuclear passions worldwide, putting governments on the defensive and undermining the nuclear power industry's recent renaissance".

Anti-nuclear groups believe that nuclear power is a risk to people and the environment. These include health risks and environmental damage from uranium mining, processing and transport, the risk of nuclear weapons proliferation, the unsolved problem of nuclear waste, and the possibility of further serious accidents. Anti-nuclear critics see nuclear power as a dangerous, expensive way to boil water to generate electricity.

Opponents of nuclear energy make connections between the international export and development of nuclear power technologies and the proliferation of nuclear weapons. The facilities and expertise to produce nuclear power can be readily adapted to produce nuclear weapons. Greenpeace suggests that nuclear power and nuclear weapons have grown up like Siamese twins.

Nuclear power plants are very expensive. Making reliable cost estimates is difficult, and estimates for new reactors in the USA range from $5 billion to $10 billion per unit. Building nuclear plants is seen to be "a risky business", according to several notable credit rating agencies and investment analysts.

Nuclear accidents are often cited by anti-nuclear groups as evidence of the inherent danger of nuclear power. The most well-known nuclear accident, a mishandled safety test at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in 1986 in Kiev, Ukraine, "killed at least 4056 people and damaged almost $7 billion of property". Radioactive fallout from the accident concentrated near Belarus, Ukraine and Russia and at least 350,000 people were forcibly resettled away from these areas. After the accident, "traces of radioactive deposits unique to Chernobyl were found in nearly every country in the northern hemisphere". Other serious nuclear accidents include the Mayak disaster, Soviet submarine K-431 accident, Soviet submarine K-19 accident, Chalk River accidents, Windscale fire, Church Rock Uranium Mill Spill and the SL-1 accident. The Fukushima nuclear disaster occured in 2011. Clean-up from the Fukushima nuclear disaster is expected to cost over 12 trillion yen ($100 billion) and take 30 to 40 years.

Especially since the September 11 attacks, people have become concerned that terrorists or criminals could bomb a nuclear plant and release radioactive material. Building more plants would create more targets to protect.

There is an international consensus that spent nuclear fuel should be stored in deep geological disposal sites. However, no country has opened such a site yet. The demise of the proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository in Nevada leaves the USA with no plan for the long-term storage of spent nuclear fuel.

Anti-nuclear groups generally claim that reliance on nuclear energy can be reduced by adopting energy conservation and energy efficiency measures. Energy efficiency can reduce the consumption of energy while providing the same level of energy "services".

Anti-nuclear groups also favour the use of renewable energy, such as wind power, solar power, geothermal energy and biofuel. According to the International Energy Agency, renewable energy technologies are essential contributors to the energy supply portfolio, as they contribute to world energy security and provide opportunities for mitigating greenhouse gases.

Australia has no nuclear power stations and the current Gillard Labor government is opposed to nuclear power for Australia, as are the Greens, the party with the current balance of power in the upper house. However, Australia does have a small research reactor (OPAL) in Sydney, and it does export uranium. Australia has 40% of the world's known uranium deposits as well as similar deposits of the other potential fission reactor fuel thorium, and sells uranium to members of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.

Uranium mining and export and nuclear issues have often been the subject of public debate, and the anti-nuclear movement in Australia has a long history. It all began with the 1972–73 debate over French nuclear testing in the Pacific, which involved several groups, and the 1976–77 debate about uranium mining in Australia.

In the 1970s, an anti-nuclear movement in France, consisting of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. There were many large anti-nuclear protests and demonstrations. More recently, targeted campaigns have been conducted, mainly by Greenpeace, and Sortir du nucléaire (France) has called for an official safety inspection of Areva facilities.

The anti-nuclear movement in Germany has a long history dating back to the early 1970s, when large demonstrations prevented the construction of a nuclear plant at Wyhl. Anti-nuclear success at Wyhl inspired nuclear opposition throughout Germany, in other parts of Europe, and in North America.

In January 2008 the UK government announced plans to build new nuclear power stations, and the anti-nuclear movement in the United Kingdom has voiced concerns. There are also public concerns about the proliferation of nuclear weapons. Many different groups and individuals have been involved in demonstrations and protests over the years.

For many years the anti-nuclear movement in the United States succeeded in delaying or halting commitments to build some new nuclear plants. Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and the Three Mile Island accident. More recent targeted campaigning has related to the Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant, Idaho National Laboratory, proposed Yucca Mountain waste repository, the Hanford Site, the Nevada Test Site, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and transportation of nuclear waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Many different groups have been involved in various protests and demonstrations over the years.

More than fifty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States. These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club.

Many well-known scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power. These people include: Barry Commoner, S. David Freeman, John Gofman, Amory Lovins, Arjun Makhijani, Gregory Minor and Joseph Romm.

Beginning in the 1960s, anti-nuclear ideas received coverage in the popular media with novels such as "Fail-Safe" and feature films such as "" (1964), "The China Syndrome" (1979), "Silkwood" (1983), and "The Rainbow Warrior" (1992).

On 21 April 2010, a dozen environmental groups called on the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission to investigate possible problems in the AP1000 reactor design.

On 24 April 2010, about 120,000 people built a human chain (KETTENreAKTION!) between the nuclear plants at Krümmel and Brunsbüttel. In this way they were protesting against the plans of the German government to extend the period of producing nuclear power.

In May 2010, some 25,000 people, including members of peace organizations and 1945 atomic bomb survivors, marched for about two kilometers from downtown New York to a square in front of United Nations headquarters, calling for the end to nuclear weapons.

In September 2010, German government policy shifted back toward nuclear energy, and this created some new anti-nuclear sentiment in Berlin and beyond. On 18 September 2010, tens of thousands of Germans surrounded Chancellor Angela Merkel’s office in an anti-nuclear demonstration that organisers said was the biggest of its kind since the Chernobyl disaster in 1986.

In October 2010, tens of thousands of people protested in Munich against the nuclear power policy of Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition government. The action was the biggest anti-nuclear event in Bavaria for more than two decades.

In November 2010, there were violent protests against a train carrying reprocessed nuclear waste in Germany. Tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Dannenberg to signal their opposition to the cargo. Around 16,000 police were mobilised to deal with the protests.

In December 2010, some 10,000 people (mainly fishermen, farmers and their families) turned out to oppose the Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project in western Maharashtra state in India, amid a heavy police presence.

In December 2010, five anti-nuclear weapons activists, including octogenarians and Jesuit priests, were convicted of conspiracy and trespass in Tacoma, USA. They cut fences at Naval Base Kitsap-Bangor in 2009 to protest submarine nuclear weapons, and reached an area near where Trident nuclear warheads are stored in bunkers. Members of the group could face up to 10 years in prison when they are sentenced.

In January 2011, five Japanese young people held a hunger strike for more than a week, outside the Prefectural Government offices in Yamaguchi, to protest site preparation for the planned Kaminoseki Nuclear Power Plant near the environmentally sensitive Seto Inland Sea.

After the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accidents, anti-nuclear opposition intensified in Germany. On 12 March 2011, 60,000 Germans formed a 45-km human chain from Stuttgart to the Neckarwestheim power plant. On 14 March, 110,000 people protested in 450 other German towns, with opinion polls indicating 80% of Germans opposed the government's extension of nuclear power. On 15 March 2011, Angela Merkel said that seven nuclear power plants which went online before 1980 would be temporarily closed and the time would be used to study speedier renewable energy commercialization.

In March 2011, around 2,000 anti-nuclear protesters demonstrated in Taiwan for an immediate end to the construction of the island's fourth nuclear power plant. The protesters were also opposed to plans to extend the lifespan of three existing nuclear plants.

In March 2011, more than 200,000 people took part in anti-nuclear protests in four large German cities, on the eve of state elections. Organisers called it the biggest anti-nuclear demonstration the country has seen. Thousands of Germans demanding an end to the use of nuclear power took part in nationwide demonstrations on 2 April 2011.

After the Fukushima I nuclear accidents, environmental activists at a U.N. meeting in April 2011 "urged bolder steps to tap renewable energy so the world doesn't have to choose between the dangers of nuclear power and the ravages of climate change".

In mid-April, 17,000 people protested at two demonstrations in Tokyo against nuclear power.

In India, environmentalists, local farmers and fishermen have been protesting for months over the planned Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project six-reactor complex, 420 km south of Mumbai. If built, it would be one of the world's largest nuclear power complexes. Protests have escalated in the wake of Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster and during two days of violent rallies in April 2011, a local man was killed and dozens were injured.


Vicente López y Portaña

Vicente López y Portaña (September 19, 1772, Valencia, Spain – July 22, 1850, Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish painter. He was one of the most well known portrait painters of his time. He became the court painter to Queen Isabella II. His most famous painting is a portrait of the artist Goya.

Théophile Gautier

Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier (August 30, 1811 – October 23, 1872) was a French poet, dramatist, novelist, journalist, and literary critic. He was a member of the Club des Hashischins, or Hashish Club. This group of French writers experimented with hashish to get ideas.
Gautier wrote the 1841 ballet story for "Giselle" with Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges.

Anton Raphael Mengs

Anton Raphael Mengs (March 12, 1728 – June 29, 1779) was a German painter. He worked in Rome, Madrid, and Saxony. Mengs painted many portraits, including members of the Spanish Royal family.

El Escorial

El Escorial is a famous royal site in Spain. It was built in the late 1500s. El Escorial is a monastery, a royal palace, a museum and a school. It is located about northwest of the Spanish capital, Madrid, in the town of San Lorenzo de El Escorial. Five miles from the main building is a hunting lodge called Granjilla de La Fresneda, which is also part of the Escorial.

The building was designed by the architect Juan Bautista de Toledo to the plans of King Philip II. El Escorial is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is a very popular tourist attraction.

El Escorial was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


List of governors of Alaska

The Governor of Alaska is the leader of Alaska's government and the state's military. The governor has the right to make state laws, and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Alaska Legislature, to meet the legislature, and grant pardons, not for impeachment.

The current Governor of Alaska is Mike Dunleavy.

City council

A city council is a form of local government, usually covering a city or other urban area, such as a town.

Fallout 3

Fallout 3 is an action role-playing game computer game. It was created by Bethesda Game Studios. The game is the third in the "Fallout" series of games. It is set in a world where nuclear bombs have ruined the surface and people are fighting to survive. "Fallout 3" was released on October 28, 2008 in North America, October 30, 2008 in Australia, and October 31, 2008 in the United Kingdom.

The player controls a character on the screen with two different view points. One point of view is from the character's head and another is from behind the character. The player may make their character different by changing their name, gender, how they look, and using skill points to make their character better at doing certain things. 

The character may use either close-up weapons, guns or grenades to fight enemies. These need to be repaired in order to stay good. The player can also create weapons using drawings found in the game. There are two modes of fighting. The player may either aim and shoot at enemies or use a special system, called the "Vault-tec Assisted Targeting System" (VATS), to attack an enemy's arms and legs. 

The character has a limited number of Health Points. If these are lost due to damage, the character will die. However, the player can dress their character in armor so that the character takes less damage. The character may also get sick from radiation.

The character can also be good or bad, and earns "Karma points" for being good and doing nice things or loses Karma points for being mean or killing people who do not deserve it.

Because of the nuclear war the world was radiated very badly. The people who were not safe turned into Ghouls, living zombies. The player also has to fight against Raiders, Super Mutants, and animals like irradiated cockroachs, scorpions, and vicious dogs.

Many normal people are alive, though. For example, a city made of airplane parts, "Megaton", has normal humans, "Tenpenny Tower" has rich people and "Paradise Falls" that has slaves and slavers. There is also a city made of Ghouls called "Underworld" which is an old museum.

In the "Fallout" games, the world after 2050 destroyed itself because all the nations bombed each other with nuclear bombs. A few people in the United States hid underground in shelters called "Vaults". The player comes from Vault 101 in Washington, D.C. They leave the vault because their father has gone missing.

The game does not have a required story as the player can play any missions, called "quests", whenever they want. The main story involves the player interacting with what used to be the Army, the Brotherhood of Steel, and the evil Enclave, which used to be the government. The player has to either stop the Enclave's mission to kill all mutant people or help them.

Black Isle Studios, a company belonging to Interplay, was making the game. Interplay lost all of its money and sold the game to Bethesda Softworks in July 2004. Bethesda Softworks created a new version of the game. It was supposed to look like Bethesda's game before Fallout, Oblivion, but they made it much bigger. The game now has a 16-square mile game setting. In Australia, the game could not be sold because it talked about real drugs. The programmers renamed the drugs so that it could be sold in Australia.

"Fallout 3" has gotten very good reviews. It has a 93% mark at Metacritic and sold 110,000 more copies than another Bethesda Softworks game, .

Chuck Baldwin

Charles Obadiah "Chuck" Baldwin (born May 3, 1952) is a founder-pastor of Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola, Florida, and 2008 presidential nominee of the Constitution Party. He was also the Constitution Party nominee for Vice President in 2004.

Darrell Castle

Darrell Castle (born October 11, 1948) is an American politician, activist and lawyer from Memphis, Tennessee, and the 2008 vice-presidential candidate of the Constitution Party. He was the party's presidential nominee for the 2016 presidential election.

United States Electoral College

The United States Electoral College is a name used to describe the official 538 Presidential electors who come together every four years during the presidential election to give their official votes for President and Vice President of the United States. 

The number of electors each state has is determined by the number of representatives a state has, plus its two senators. No state can have fewer than three electors. There are 435 representatives in total and 100 senators. The 23rd Amendment to the Constitution awarded Washington, D.C. three electors. Combined, there is a total of 538 electors. 

Electors usually vote for the winner of the popular vote in their state. In some states, they vote depending on the popular vote in each congressional district. The Constitution leaves states to decide how electors will vote. Faithless electors are electors that vote against the popular vote, although there is a fine for this in some states.

The Electoral College was created as the Founding Fathers were afraid the popular vote would be easily swayed. Because congressional representatives is determined by population, electors are assigned based on representatives. More populous states have more electors. Because most states have a winner-take-all system, where the winner of the popular vote in a state gains all of the electors, several presidents have lost the popular vote and won the electoral vote. A candidate needs to win a majority of electors, or 270, to become the president-elect.

The Electoral College plays a very important role in today's elections. It is the subject of controversy as some people approve of the system, but for various reasons, some don't. The people who approve of the system often argue and say that it give smaller states more power, and that this a good thing, because if it were done by population, someone could win a majority of the votes in certain states but not win the majority of states. The Electoral College favors those who win more states, big and small. Even though it can be won with 11 states, often certain states stay Democratic or Republican ensuring it likely won't happen this way. Those who are against it bring up the latter argument that it can be won with 11 states and often the candidate who wins does not win the popular vote. Third parties can change the outcome of an election, and it is often debated whether they play a role.


Gard

Gard is a French department in southern France in the Occitanie region and named after the Gardon river. Its prefecture is Nîmes.

Gard is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was divided in 8 districts: Alais, Beaucaire, Nîmes, Pont-Saint-Esprit, Saint-Hippolyte, Sommières, Uzès and Le Vigan. The capital was Nîmes alternating with Alais and Uzès. In 1794, Nîmes became the only capital.

With the creation of the "arrondissements", the 8 districts became four "arrondissements": Nîmes, Alais, Uzès and Le Vigan. In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Uzès was eliminated.

Gard is part of the Occitanie region, in southern France, with an area of .

The department borders with 6 other departments in 3 regions:

The department has a long coast along the Mediterranean Sea.

There are 4 natural regions in Gard:

The highest point in the department is "Mont Aigoual", () that is high it is in the "Cévennes" mountains, on the border with the Lozère department.

The main river of Gard is the Gardon (or "Gard"), a right tributary of the Rhone. The Rhone flows through the eastern border of the department.

The climate of the Gard department, in the city of Nîmes, is subtropical with dry-summer, Csa (Mediterranean Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Nîmes, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Nîmes is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Gard is part of the region of Occitanie. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Gard" in Nîmes.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 353 "communes" (municipalities) in Gard.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Gard department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Gard are known, in French, as "Gardois" (women: "Gardoises").

Gard has a population, in 2014, of 736,029, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Nîmes, with 547,598 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Alès and Le Vigan, have respectively 151,823 and 36,608 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Nîmes (151,075). The subprefectures of Alès and Le Vigan have, respectively, 39,993 and 3,933 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Aude

The 10 most important cities in the department are:



Haute-Garonne

Haute-Garonne ("Upper Garonne"; ) is a department in the southwest of France named after the Garonne river. Its main city and prefecture of the department is Toulouse.

Haute-Garonne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790. It was created from part of the former province of Languedoc.

The department was originally larger than now because it included the district of Castelsarrasin which was transferred to the department of Tarn-et-Garonne when it was created in 1808.

Haute-Garonne has an area of . It is part of the Occitanie region. The department is not a historical region of France; this is an administrative division made from various pieces of Languedoc and Gascogne.

The department is surrounded by the departments:

and by Spain (provinces of Lleida and Huesca) to the south.

The department is crossed by the upper course of the Garonne river (hence the name) for nearly . The borders of the department follow the river. The Garonne enters France from Spain at the town of Fos, goes through Toulouse and leaves the department. Two big canals cross the department from east to west: the Canal du Midi and the Canal de Garonne.

There are three distinct geographical areas in the department:

The climate of the department is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Haute-Garonne" in Toulouse. The Haute-Garonne is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 27 "cantons" and 589 "communes" (municipalities) in the Haute-Garonne.

The following is a list of the 27 cantons of the Haute-Garonne department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Haute-Garonne are known, in French, as "Haut-Garonnais" (women: "Haut-Garonnaises").

Haute-Garonne has a population, in 2014, of 1,317,668, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Toulouse, with 1,024,517 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Muret and Saint-Gaudens, have respectively 215,606 and 77,545 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Garonne

The 10 cities with more people living in them in 2014 in the department are:



Gers

Gers (Gascon: "Gers") is a department in the Occitanie region in the southwest of France named after the Gers river.

Gers is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created from parts of the old provinces of Guyenne and Gascony.

The new department had six districts: Auch, Lectoure, Condom, Nogaro, L'Isle-Jourdain and Mirande. The capital (now prefecture) was Auch.

in 1808, part of the Gers department was transferred to the new Tarn-et-Garonne department'.

Gers is known for its hilly landscape and bastide villages. The Pyrenees are visible to the south.

Gers is part of the Occitanie region, and is the 34th French department in area with .

The department is surrounded by six departments in two regions:

The main rivers of the department are the Garonne and the Gers, a left tributary of the Garonne. Other rivers are Save, Gimone, Arrats, Baïse and Osse.

The highest point in the department is "Mont de Chapelle Saint Roch" (), in west central Pyrénées near the border with the Hautes-Pyrénées department, with an altitude of .

The climate of Gers is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The annual rainfall in the department varies from over in the southwest of the department, to less than in the northeast (Auch, Condom and Lectoure).

Summers are very hot and dry, the temperatures often exceed . Winters vary, often with frost, but the climate remains mild and dry.

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Gers" in Auch. Gers is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 462 "communes" (municipalities) in Gers.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Gers department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Gers are known, in French, as "Gersois" (women: "Gersoises").

Gers has a population, in 2014, of 190,625, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Auch, with 87,118 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Condom and Mirande, have respectively 65,562 and 37,945 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Gers

The 10 most important cities in the department are:
The economy in Gers revolves primarily around agriculture and culinary tourism. The department is a producer of maize, wheat, rapeseed, sunflower.

Some well-known products of the region are:



Gironde

Gironde () is a department in the southwest of France. It is named after the Gironde estuary.

The department is in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. Its prefecture is Bordeaux.

Gironde was formed during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with parts of the old provinces of Guyenne and Gascony.

From July 1793 to April 1795, the department's name was changed to Bec-d'Ambès to avoid the association with the Girondists, a French revolutionary group.

The department was divided into seven districts: Bordeaux, Libourne, La Réole, Bazas, Cadillac, Blaye and Lesparre. Its capital was the city of Bordeaux.

Gironde is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France, and is the largest department of Metropolitan France with an area of .

There four main zones in the Gironde; they are:

The department is bordered by the departments: Charente-Maritime, Dordogne, Lot-et-Garonne and Landes. The Atlantic Ocean ("Gulf of Biscay") is to the west of the department.

The main rivers in the department are the Dordogne and the Garonne rivers; the two rivers form, after their confluence, the Gironde estuary, the largest estuary of France.

The climate in Bordeaux is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Bordeaux is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Bordeaux is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Gironde is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine and is managed by the "Departmental Council of Gironde" in Bordeaux.

There are 6 "arrondissements" (districts), 33 "cantons" and 538 "communes" (municipalities) in Gironde.

The following is a list of the 33 cantons of the Gironde department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Gironde are known, in French, as "Girondins" (women: "Girondines").

The department of Gironde has a population, in 2014, of 1,526,016, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Bordeaux, with 921,668 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The "arrondissements" of Blaye and Lesparre-Médoc are those with less people, with 88,115 and 86,560 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Gironde

The main cities in the department are:



Hérault

Hérault () is a department in the region of Occitanie in southern France. It is named after the Hérault river.

The inhabitants of Hérault are known, in French, as "Héraultais" (women: "Héraultaises").

Hérault was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Aude was formed with part of the old province of Languedoc.

It was divided in four districts: Montpellier, Béziers, Lodève and Saint-Pons, with Montpellier as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the four districts were changed into four "arrondissements". On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Lodève and Saint-Pons were eliminated but on 1 June 1942 Lodève became again an "arrondissement".

Hérault has an area of . It is surrounded by the departments of Aude, Aveyron, Tarn, and Gard, with the Gulf of Lion (Mediterranean Sea) to the east and southeast.

The main rivers in the department are the Orb and the Hérault which gives its name to the department.

The climate in Montpellier, in the northeast of the department near the Mediterranean coast, is a Mediterranean climate, a "dry-summer subtropical" climate, Csa in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Montpellier is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of . There are an average of 73.4 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in December with 9.2 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 2.3 days.

The average temperature for the year in Montpellier is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The département is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Hérault" in Montpellier. Hérault is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 25 "cantons" and 343 "communes" (municipalities) in Hérault.

The following is a list of the 25 cantons of the Hérault department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The Hérault department has a population, in 2014, of 1,107,398, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Montpellier, with 700,241 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two "arrondissements", Béziers and Lodève, have respectively 312,443 and 94,714 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Hérault

The "communes" in the department with more of 10,000 inhabitants are:



Ille-et-Vilaine

Ille-et-Vilaine is a department found in the west of France in the Brittany region. Its prefecture is Rennes and its population is about 908,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Indre-et-Loire

Indre-et-Loire is a department in west-central France named after the Indre and the Loire rivers.

Its prefecture is the city of Tours.

Indre-et-Loire is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Tours as is capital. It was formed with part of the former province of Touraine.

It was divided in seven districts: Tours, Amboise, Château-Renault, Loches, Chinon, Preuilly and Langeais.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Chinon, Loches and Tours.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Prussian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Loches was eliminated but in 1943 Loches was made again an "arrondissement".

Indre-et-Loire is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 5 departments that are part of three regions:

The highest point of the department is "Signal de la Ronde" () with an altitude of high.; it is in the "commune" of Céré-la-Ronde in the northeast of the department on the border with the Loir-et-Cher department.

The Loire river flows through the department and divides it in two parts. The Indre, Cher and Vienne rivers join the Loire river in the Indre-et-Loire department.

This area is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Tours is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Tours is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Toulon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Indre-et-Loire is managed by the "Departmental Council of Ardennes" in Tours. The department is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 273 "communes" (municipalities) in Indre-et-Loire.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Indre-et-Loire department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Indre-et-Loire department are known, in French, as "Tourangeaux" (women: "Tourangelles"),

Indre-et-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 603,924, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Tours, with 466,232 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Indre-et-Loire

The "communes" with more than 10,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Isère

Isère is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France named after the Isère river.

Isère is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Moirans as its capital. It was formed from part of the former province of "Dauphiné".

It was divided in four districts: Grenoble, Saint-Marcellin, La Tour-du-Pin and Vienne. The capital was transfered in 1790 from Moirans to Grenoble.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the four districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Grenoble, Saint-Marcellin, La Tour-du-Pin and Vienne.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Marcellin was eliminated.

Isère is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 7 departments in 2 regions:


The highest mountain in the department is "Pic Lory" (); it is high.

The main rivers that flow through the department are the Rhône and its tributaries Isère and Bourbre.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Grenoble is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

Isère is managed by the "Departmental Council of Isère" in Grenoble. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 281 "communes" (municipalities) in Isère.

The following is a list of the 29 cantons of the Isère department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Isère are known, in French, as "Isérois" (women: "Iséroises").

Isère had a population, in 2014, of 1,243,597, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Grenoble, with 758,956 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Isère

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Landes

Landes (Gascon: "Lanas") is a department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of France. Landes is the plural of the French word "lande" (in English:"heathland"); it was named so because it was the most common habitat in the region.

It is well known for the "Côte d'Argent" beach that attracts many surfers to Mimizan and Hossegor each year.

The department was formed during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with parts of the old provinces of Guyenne and Gascony. It was divided into four districts: Dax, Mont-de-Marsan, Saint-Sever and Tartas. The capital was Mont-de-Marsan.

The "arrondissement" of Dax, Mont-de-Marsan and Saint-Sever were established on 17 February 1800. The "arrondissement" of Saint-Sever was dissolved on 10 September 1926 and integrated into the "arrondissements" of Dax and Mont-de-Marsan.

Landes is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France, and is, after Gironde, the second largest department of Metropolitan France with an area of .

The department is bordered to the west by the Atlantic Ocean, to the north by the Gironde, to the northeast by Lot-et-Garonne and the south by the Pyrénées-Atlantiques; these three departments are, like Landes, of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. To the east, it borders with the Gers department of the Occitanie region.

The most important river is the Adour, which crosses the southern part of the department in an east-west direction; in Dax, the river turns to the southwest and is joined by the Gaves réunis before flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.

The forest of Landes is the largest forest in France. It covers about 67% of the department in its northern part, and also covers a large part of the Gironde and Lot-et-Garonne (arrondissement of Nérac). The main species of tree is the maritime pine ("Pinus pinaster").

The climate in Mont-de-Marsan is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Mont-de-Marsan is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Mont-de-Marsan is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Landes" in Mont-de-Marsan.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 330 "communes" (municipalities) in Landes.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Landes department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Landes are known, in French, as "Landais" (women: "Landaises").

The department of Landes has a population, in 2014, of 400,477, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Dax has 220,656 inhabitants and the "arrondissement" of Mont-de-Marsan, where is the prefecture of the departement, has only 179,821 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Landes

The 10 main cities in the department are:



Loir-et-Cher

Loir-et-Cher is a department in the centre of France in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It is named after the Loir and the Cher, two rivers that flow through the department.

Its prefecture is Blois and there are two subprefectures at Romorantin-Lanthenay and Vendôme.

The department is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. The department was created from part of the former province of Orléanais together with small parts of other provinces.

The new department had six districts: Blois, Vendôme, Romorantin, Mondoubleau, Mer and Saint-Aignan. The capital (now prefecture) was Blois.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Blois, Romorantin and Vendôme.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Prussian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Romorantin was eliminated but in 1943 it was made again an "arrondissement". In 1961, Romorantin was merged with Lanthenay and the name, of the "commune" and of the "arrondissement", was changed to Romorantin-Lanthenay.

Loir-et-Cher is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has an area of .

The highest point of the department is in the "Bois des Vallèes" (), in the "commune" of Bouffry, and that is above sea level.

The department is bordered by the 6 departments in 2 regions:

The main rivers are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Vendôme is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Vendôme is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Vendôme is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Loir-et-Cher" in Blois. Loir-et-Cher is part of the region of Centre-Val de Loire.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 276 "communes" (municipalities) in Loir-et-Cher.

The following is a list of the 13 cantons of the Loir-et-Cher department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Loir-et-Cher are known, in French, as "Loir-et-Chériens" (women: "Loir-et-Chériennes").

Loir-et-Cher has a population, in 2014, of 333,567, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Blois, with 173,125 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Evolution of the population in Loir-et-Cher

The main cities in the department are:



Loire (department)

Loire () is a French department in the east-central part of France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region and named after the Loire river. Its prefecture is the city of Saint-Étienne.

Rhône-et-Loire was one French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. The department was divided in two departments in 1793: Rhône and Loire. The department of Loire had three districts: Montbrison, Roanne and Saint-Étienne. The capital was Feurs but in 1795 the capital was moved to Montbrison.

With the creation of the "arrondissements", the three districts became three "arrondissements": Montbrison, Roanne and Saint-Étienne.

After the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, the department was occupied by troops from Austria from June 1815 to November 1818.

The capital was moved from Montbrison to Saint-Étienne in 1855.

Loire is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, in east-central France, with an area of . From north to south, it is long but from east to west it is only wide.

The department borders with 7 other departments in 2 regions:

The department is in eastern Massif Central and there are several mountain chains; some of the chains and mountains are:

The main rivers of Loire are:

The climate of the Loire department, in the city of Andrézieux-Bouthéon (near Saint-Étienne and where is the Saint-Étienne-Loire Airport), is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Andrézieux-Bouthéon, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Andrézieux-Bouthéon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is April with an average of .

Loire is part of the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Loire" in Saint-Étienne.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 326 "communes" (municipalities) in Loire.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Loire department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Loire are known, in French, as "Ligériens" (women: "Ligériennes"). "Ligérien" comes from "Liger", the Latin name of the Loire river.

Loire has a population, in 2014, of 757,305, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne, with 411,402 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Montbrison and Roanne, have respectively 188,635 and 157,268 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Saint-Étienne (170,761 inhabitants). The subprefectures of Roanne and Montbrison have, respectively, 35,200 and 15,689 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Loire

The most important cities in the department are:



Haute-Loire

Haute-Loire () is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-central France. It is named after the Loire river.

The department of Haute-Loire was created on 4 March 1790 with three districts: Le Puy, Brioude and Yssingeaux. The capital was Le Puy. The new department was formed with territories of three historic provinces: the "Languedoc", the "Auvergne" and the "Lyonnais".

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the three districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Le Puy, Brioude and Yssingeaux.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux was eliminated but became again an arrondissement in 1942.

On 18 March 1988, the name of Le Puy was changed to Le Puy-en-Velay.

The Haute-Loire is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 5 departments in 2 regions:


The highest point in the department is "Mont Mézenc" (); it is high. It is in the southeast of the department, on the border with the Ardèche department.

The main rivers in Haute-Loire are: 

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Le Puy-en-Velay is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

Haute-Loire is managed by the "Departmental Council of Haute-Loire" in Le Puy-en-Velay. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 257 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Loire.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Haute-Loire department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Haute-Loire are known, in French, as "Altiligériens" (women: "Altiligériennes").

Haute-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 226,565, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Le Puy-en-Velay, with 96,041 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Loire

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Loiret

Loiret is a department in north-central France in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It is named after the Loiret river, a tributary of Loire that is completely within the department.

Its prefecture is Orléans and there are two subprefectures: Montargis and Pithiviers.

The department is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. The department was created from part of the former province of Orléanais.

The new department had seven districts: Orléans, Beaugency, Neuville, Pithiviers, Montargis, Gien and Boiscommun. The capital (now prefecture) was Orléans.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Orléans, Gien, Montargis and Pithiviers.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Bavarian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Gien and Pithiviers were eliminated but in 1942 Pithiviers became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

Loiret is part of the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has an area of .

The department is bordered by the 7 departments in 3 regions:


The highest point of the department is in the place called "Col des Étourneaux" (), in the "commune" of Pierrefitte-ès-Bois, and that is above sea level; it is in northwestern Massif Central.

The main rivers are:

There are several natural regions in the Loiret department:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Orléans is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Orléans is . The month with the most precipitation on average is August with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is March with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Orléans is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Loiret" in Orléans. Loiret is part of the region of Centre-Val de Loire.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 326 "communes" (municipalities) in Loiret.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Loir-et-Cher department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Loiret are known, in French, as "Loiretains" (women: "Loiretaines").

Loiret has a population, in 2014, of 669,737, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Orléans, with 435,676 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Evolution of the population in Loiret

The main cities in the department are:



Lot (department)

Lot () is a French department in the Occitanie region of southern France named after the Lot river. Its prefecture and largest city is Cahors.

Lot is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was created from the old province of Quercy.

The new department had six districts: Cahors, Martel, Gourdon, Figeac, Montauban and Lazorte. The capital (now prefecture) was Cahors.

In 1808, some of the original southeastern cantons were separated from it to form the department of Tarn-et-Garonne. It originally extended much farther to the south and included the city of Montauban.

Lot is part of the Occitanie region and has an area of .

The department borders with 6 other departments in 3 regions:

The Lot river crosses the department from east to west with numerous meanders. The Dordogne river flows through the northern part of the department.

There are seven natural regions in the department:


The climate in Gourdon, in the north of the department at an altitude of above sea level, is an oceanic climate with relatively hot summers, mild winters and abundant rainfall, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Gourdon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of . There are an average of 168.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in January with 17.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 10.0 days.

The average temperature for the year in Gourdon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Lot" in Cahors. Lot is part of the Occitanie region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 326 "communes" (municipalities) in Lot.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Lot department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:


The inhabitants of Lot are known, in French, as "Lotois" (women: "Lotoises").

Lot has a population, in 2014, of 173,648, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Cahors, with 76,216 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Figeac and Gourdon, have respectively 54,060 and 43,372 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Cahors (19,630). The subprefectures of Figeac and Gourdon have, respectively, 9,820 and 4,297 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Lot

The cities in the department with more of 2,000 inhabitants are:



Lot-et-Garonne

Lot-et-Garonne () is a department in the southwest of France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers.

Lot-et-Garonne was formed during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with parts of the old provinces of Guyenne and Gascony. It was divided into nine districts: Agen, Nérac, Marmande, Tonneins, Villeneuve, Lauzun, Monflanquin, Casteljaloux and Valence.

Agen and Aiguillon were alternatively the capital of the department but in 1791 it was decided that only Agen would be the capital.

Several of the original southeastern cantons in the arrondissements of Agen and Villeneuve-sur-Lot were separated from it in 1808 to become a part of the newly created department of Tarn-et-Garonne.

Lot-et-Garonne is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France, with an area of .

The departement is surrounded by two regions and six departments:

The main rivers in the Lot-et-Garonne are the Garonne river that flows through the south central part of the department, and the Lot river that flows through the northern regions of the department before joining, as a right tributary, the Garonne near the Aiguillon "commune".

Other river is the Baïse, a left tributary of the Garonne.

In the west of the department, mainly in the arrondissement of Nérac, there is a forest of maritime pine like in the Landes department.

The climate of Estillac, where is the Agen La Garenne Airport, is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Estillac is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Estillac is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is April with an average of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of Lot-et-Garonne" in Agen. Lot-et-Garonne is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 319 "communes" (municipalities) in Lot-et-Garonne.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Lot-et-Garonne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Lot-et-Garonne are known, in French, as "Lot-et-Garonnais" (women: "Lot-et-Garonnaises").

The department of Lot-et-Garonne has a population, in 2014, of 333,234, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Agen, with 120,235 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other three, Marmande, Villeneuve-sur-Lot and Nérac, have respectively 83,245, 90,527 and 39,227 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Lot-et-Garonne

The 10 main cities in the department are:



Lozère

Lozère () is a department in the region of Occitanie in southern France near the Massif Central. It is named after Mont Lozère.

Lozère was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Lozère was formed with part of the old province of Languedoc.

Les Sources and Hautes-Cèvennes were two other names proposed for this department but they were not accepted.

Lozère has an area of . It is surrounded by 5 departments belonging to 2 regions:

The Lozère is divided into four natural regions, covering four mountain ranges:





Three important rivers start in the department:

The département is managed by the "Departamental Council of Lozère" in Mende. Lozère is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 13 "cantons" and 176 "communes" (municipalities) in Lozère.

The following is a list of the 13 cantons of the Lozère department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Lozère are known, in French, as "Lozériens" (women: "Lozériennes").

Lozère is the least populated French department. It has a population, in 2014, of 76,360, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Mende, with 63,047 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other arrondissement, Florac, have 13,313 inhabitants.

The only important city is Mende with 11,542 people living there in 2014. The subprefecture, Florac Trois Rivières, has 2,107 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Lozère

The cities with more than 2,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Maine-et-Loire

Maine-et-Loire is a department found in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region. Its prefecture is Angers and its population is about 810,000 (2015 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Manche

Manche is a department found in the west of France in the Normandy region. Its prefecture is Saint-Lô. Its population is about 486,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Marne (department)

Marne is a department in northeastern France named after the river Marne which flows through the department. The prefecture (capital) of Marne is Châlons-en-Champagne (formerly known as Châlons-sur-Marne).

The Champagne vineyards producing the world-famous sparkling wine are located within Marne.

Marne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Châlons-sur-Marne as is capital. It was formed with part of the former province of Champagne.

It was divided in six districts: Châlons-sur-Marne, Reims, Épernay, Sézanne, Sainte-Menehould and Vitry-le-François.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Châlons-sur-Marne, Épernay, Reims, Sainte-Menehould and Vitry-le-François.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould was eliminated but in 1940 Sainte-Menehould was made again an "arrondissement".

In 1995, the name of Châlons-sur-Marne was changed to Châlons-en-Champagne but it was rejected in 1997. But, finally, this change was accepted in 1998.

The Marne department is in the Grand Est region after being part of the Champagne-Ardenne region till 2016. It is surrounded by 6 departments in 3 regions:

Marne has an area of , the 7th largest department of the Metropolitan France. The department is long from Villeneuve-la-Lionne to Trois-Fontaines-l'Abbaye, and wide from Cormicy to Clesles.
There are three geographic regions in the department:

The Marne river flows through the department from the southeast to the west.

This area is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Châlons-en-Champagne is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Châlons-en-Champagne is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Châlons-en-Champagne is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

Marne is managed by the "Departmental Council of Marne" in Châlons-en-Champagne. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 616 "communes" (municipalities) in Marne.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Marne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Marne department are known, in French, as "Marnais" (women: "Marnaises"),

Marne had a population, in 2014, of 570,817, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Reims, with 296,374 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Marne

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the Marne department are:



Haute-Marne

Haute-Marne is a department in the northeast of France named after the Marner river. It is in the Grand Est region and its prefecture (capital) is the city of Chaumont.

Charles de Gaulle lived until his death in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises.

Haute-Marne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Chaumont as is capital. It was formed with parts of the former provinces of Champagne, Burgundy, Lorraine and Franche-Comté.

It was divided in six districts: Bourbonne, Bourmont, Chaumont, Joinville, Langres and Saint-Dizier.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Chaumont, Langres and Wassy.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Wassy was eliminated but in 1940 Wassy was made again an "arrondissement" but the subprefecture was moved to Saint-Dizier.

The Haute-Marne department is in the Grand Est region. It is bordered by 6 departments in two regions:

Haute-Marne has an area of , and its highest point is in the "Bois de Baissey" in the commune "Baissey" in the southern part of the department; it is high (), and is in the "Langres" plateau.

The main river is the Marne river; it starts in the Langres plateau and flows through in the department.

This area is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Saint-Dizier is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Saint-Dizier is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Saint-Dizier is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

Haute-Marne is managed by the "Departmental Council of Haute-Marne" in Chaumont. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 427 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Marne.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Haute-Marne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Haute-Marne department are known, in French, as "Haut-Marnais" (women: "Haut-Marnaises"),

Haute-Marne had a population, in 2014, of 180,673, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier, with 71,371 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Marne

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the Haute-Marne department are:



Meurthe-et-Moselle

Meurthe-et-Moselle is a department in the Grand Est region of France, named after the Meurthe and Moselle rivers. The prefecture (capital) of Meurthe-et-Moselle is Nancy.

Meurthe-et-Moselle was created in 1871 at the end of the Franco-Prussian War from the parts of the former departments of Moselle and Meurthe that were left to France with Nancy as is capital. It was divided in 4 "arrondissements": Briey, Lunéville, Toul and Nancy.

The current boundary between Meurthe-et-Moselle and Moselle was the border between France and Germany from 1871 to 1919 and again between 1940 and 1944.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Toul were eliminated but it was made again, in 1943, an "arrondissement".

The Meurthe-et-Moselle department is in the Grand Est region. It is bordered by 4 departments, all in the same region. To the northwest, the department borders Belgium and Luxembourg.

Meurthe-et-Moselle has an area of ; it is from north to south and is wide, forming a panhandle in the north of the department.

Its highest point is in the Roc de Taurupt () between the "communes" Bionville and Raon-sur-Plaine (Vosges) in the western part of the department; it is high.

The main rivers in the department are the Meurthe and the Moselle; the department is named after this two rivers. Other rivers are the Chiers (tributary of the Meuse) and the Vezouze (a tributary of the Meurthe).

The area around Nancy, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Troyes is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Nancy is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Nancy is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

Meurthe-et-Moselle is managed by the "Departmental Council of Meurthe-et-Moselle" in Nancy. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 594 "communes" (municipalities) in Meurthe-et-Moselle.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department are known, in French, as "Meurthois" or "Meurthe-et-Mosellans" (women: "Meurthoises" or "Meurthe-et-Mosellanes"),

Meurthe-et-Moselle had a population, in 2013, of 731,004, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Nancy, with 417,430 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Meurthe-et-Moselle

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department are:

The economy was highly dependent on mining until the 1960s. There are iron, salt, and lime mines. The urban area around Nancy has a very active economy based largely on services, research, and higher education.



Meuse (department)

Meuse is a department found in the east of France in the Grand Est region. Its prefecture is Bar-le-Duc. Its population is about 193,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Morbihan

Morbihan (; , ) is a department found in the west of France in the Brittany region. Its prefecture is Vannes and its population is about 677,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Morbihan has also two subprefectures: Lorient and Pontivy.


Nièvre

Nièvre is a department in the centre of France, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Nièvre river, a tributary of the Loire. Its prefecture and largest city is Nevers.

Nièvre is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Nevers as its capital. It was formed from part of the old province of "Nivernais" and its name was written at first as Nyèvre.

It was divided in nine districts: Nevers, Saint-Pierre-le-Moutier, Decize, Moulins-Engilbert, Château-Chinon, Corbigny, Clamecy, Cosne and La Charité.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the nine districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Nevers, Château-Chinon, Clamecy and Cosne.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Cosne was eliminated but in 1943 it became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

Nièvre is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of . The highest point of the department is Mont Préneley (), high; it is in the "commune" Glux-en-Glenne.

The department borders with six departments in three regions:

There are three main geographical zones in the department:

The main rivers in the department are the Loire, that makes most of the western border, with its tributaries Allier and Aron; and the Yonne, with its tributary Cure.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Nevers is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

It rains in all seasons but precipitations are more important in the eastern zone, in the Morvan, and weaker in the Loire valley.

Nièvre is managed by the "Departmental Council of Nièvre" in Nevers. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 309 "communes" (municipalities) in Nièvre.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Nièvre department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Nièvre are known, in French, as "Nivernais" (women: "Nivernaises").

Nièvre had a population, in 2014, of 213,569, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Nevers, with 118,087 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Nièvre

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the department are:



Nord (French department)

Nord is a department in the north of France, in the Hauts-de-France region. Its name is because the department is in the north of France. Its prefecture is Lille.

Nord is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Douai as is capital.

It was divided in eight districts: Avesnes, Bergues, Cambrai, Douai, Hazebrouck, Lille, Le Quesnoy and Valenciennes.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the eight districts were changed into six "arrondissements": Avesnes, Bergues, Cambrai, Cassel, Douai and Lille.

In 1803, the capital of the department was moved from Douai to Lille and the subprefecture of Bergues was moved to Dunkirk.

The "arrondissement" of Valenciennes was created in 1824.

The subprefecture of Cassel was moved to Hazebrouck in 1857. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Hazebrouck was eliminated.

In 1962, the name of the "commune" Avesnes was changed to Avesnes-sur-Helpe.

Nord is part of the Hauts-de-France region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by the North Sea, Belgium (West Flanders and Hainaut provinces) and 3 other departments of the Hauts-de-France region:

The highest point in the department is in the "commune" of Anor () near the border with Belgium; it is high.

Several rivers flow through the department; the main rivers are the Scheldt/Escaut, the Yser, the Lys, the Scarpe, and the Sambre.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Lille is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Lille is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Lille is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Nord is managed by the "Departmental Council of Aisne" in Lille. The department is part of the Hauts-de-France region.

There are 6 "arrondissements" (districts), 41 "cantons" and 648 "communes" (municipalities) in Nord.

The following is a list of the 41 cantons of the Nord department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Nord are known, in French, as "Nordistes".

Nord had a population, in 2014, of 2,603,472, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Lille, with 1,232,513 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Nord

The 10 "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Oise

Oise is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts-de-France region. Its prefecture is Beauvais. Its population is about 780,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Pas-de-Calais

Pas-de-Calais (Picard: "Pas-Calés"; Dutch: "Nauw van Kales") is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts-de-France region. Its prefecture is Arras. Its population is about 1,456,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French Revolution.
<br>The department has 7 arrondissement:

<br> The department has 39 cantons:

Puy-de-Dôme

Puy-de-Dôme is a French department in the centre of France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region and named after the dormant volcano the Puy de Dôme. Its prefecture is the city of Clermont-Ferrand.

Puy-de-Dôme was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Puy-de-Dôme was formed with part of the old province of Auvergne.

It was divided in eight districts: Ambert, Besse, Billom, Clermont-Ferrand, Issoire, Montaigu, Riom and Thiers, with Clermont-Ferrand as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the eight districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Ambert, Clermont-Ferrand, Issoire, Riom and Thiers. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Ambert was eliminated but, in 1942 Ambert became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

Puy-de-Dôme is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, in east-central France, with an area of .

The department borders with 2 other departments in 2 regions:

The department is in the Massif Central and there are several mountain chains; some of the chains and mountains are:

The climate of the Puy-de-Dôme department, in the city of Clermont-Ferrand, is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Clermont-Ferrand, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Clermont-Ferrand is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

Puy-de-Dôme is part of the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Puy-de-Dôme" in Clermont-Ferrand.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 31 "cantons" and 467 "communes" (municipalities) in Puy-de-Dôme.

The following is a list of the 31 cantons of the Puy-de-Dôme department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Puy-de-Dôme are known, in French, as "Puydômois" (women: "Puydômoises").

Puy-de-Dôme has a population, in 2014, of 644,216, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand, with 375,518 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Evolution of the population in Puy-de-Dôme

The most important cities in the department are:



Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Pyrénées-Atlantiques (Gascon: "Pirenèus-Atlantics"; or ) is a department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of France. It takes its name from the Pyrenees mountains and the Atlantic Ocean.

Pyrénées-Atlantiques is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790, with the name of Basses-Pyrénées. It was created from parts of the old provinces of Guyenne, Béarn, and Gascony.

The new department had six districts: Mauléon, Oloron, Orthez, Pau, Saint- Palais and Ustaritz.

The first prefecture was Navarrenx but then it was moved to Pau; in 1795, the prefecture was moved to Saint-Palais but in 1796 it was returned to Pau.

On 10 October 1969, the name of the department was changed from "Basses-Pyrénées" to "Pyrénées-Atlantiques".

Pyrénées-Atlantiques is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France, and is the 10th French department in area with .

There are two small territorial enclaves—a remnant from the Middle Ages— that are part of the neighboring Hautes-Pyrénées department.

The department is surrounded by the departments:
and by Spain to the south and the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic Ocean) to the west.

The Pyrenees mountain range is found in the southern part of the department and goes, east to west, from the Col d'Aubisque, a mountain pass south of Tarbes and Pau, to the mouth of the river Bidasoa.

The Pic Palas (), at , is the highest point of the department and also the highest of the Aquitaine region; it is on the border with Spain.

The main river of the department is the Adour and all rivers in the department, except for some coastal small rivers, flow into this river. Other important rivers are the Gaves réunis, formed by the rivers Gave d'Oloron and Gave de Pau, and the Nive.

The climate of Pau is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfb"), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Pau is 13.5 °C (56.3 °F). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 20.7 °C (69.3 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 6.6 °C (43.9 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Pau is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques" in Pau. Pyrénées-Atlantiques is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 27 "cantons" and 546 "communes" (municipalities) in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The following is a list of the 27 cantons of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Pyrénées-Atlantiques are known, in French, as "Basques et Béarnais" (women: "Basques et Béarnaises"). The Basques live mainly in the western part of the department and the Béarnais in the eastern part. From 1790 to 1969, before the change of the name of the department, the inhabitants of this departmente were known as "Bas-Pyrénéens".

The Pyrénées-Atlantiques has a population, in 2014, of 667,249, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Pau, with 305,089 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Bayonne and Oloron-Sainte-Marie, have respectively 287,546 and 74,614 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Pyrénées-Atlantiques

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Pau, with 77,489 inhabitants, the of the total population of the department. The subprefectures of Bayonne and Oloron-Sainte-Marie have, respectively, 48,178 inhabitants () and 10,824 inhabitants ().

The main cities in the department are:



Hautes-Pyrénées

Hautes-Pyrénées () is a department in the southwest of France. It is part of the Occitanie region and its main city is Tarbes.

Hautes-Pyrénées is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was created with parts of the former province of Gascony; these parts were the old province of Bigorre and the Pays des Quatre-Vallées.

Hautes-Pyrénées has an area of , or 0.81% of the country. It is part of the Occitanie region and has two small territorial exclaves—a remnant from the Middle Ages—located within the neighboring "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The department is surrounded by 2 regions and 3 departments:

and by Spain (the province of Huesca) to the south.

Three natural regions can be distinguished in the department.

The Pyrénées, along the border with Spain, cover the southern half of the department, with 66% of the department. They form a natural barrier between France and Spain. More than 30 mountains here are over high.

The Pic Vignemale (), at , is the highest point of the department; it is on the border with Spain. The Vignemale is in the Pyrénées National Park.

The second region of the Hautes-Pyrénées, with 17% of the territory, consists of chains low hills.

The third region, in the northern part of the department, is the plain of the Adour river and consists of largely flat agricultural land.

The main river of the department is the Adour river that flows through the cities of Tarbes and Bagnères-de-Bigorre. Other rivers are the Gave de Pau and the Neste.

Hautes-Pyrénées has two small territorial exclaves—a remnant from the Middle Ages—within the neighboring "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The climate of the department is an oceanic climate with relatively hot summers, mild winters and abundant rainfall, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Lourdes is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Lourdes is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The département is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Haute-Garonne" in Tarbes. The Hautes-Pyrénées is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 470 "communes" (municipalities) in the Hautes-Pyrénées.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Hautes-Pyrénées department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Hautes-Pyrénées are known, in French, as "Haut-Pyrénéens" (women: "Haut-Pyrénéennes"). They are also known as the "Bigourdans".

Hautes-Pyrénées has a population, in 2014, of 228,950, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Tarbes, with 143,753 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Argelès-Gazost and Bagnères-de-Bigorre, have respectively 38,813 and 46,384 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Tarbes (40,900), followed by Lourdes (14,361). The subprefectures of Argelès-Gazost and Bagnères-de-Bigorre have, respectively, 3,020 and 7,602 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Hautes-Pyrénées

The cities with more than 4,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Pyrénées-Orientales

Pyrénées-Orientales (English: "Eastern Pyrenees"; ; ) is a department in the region of Occitanie in southern France; it is next to the northern Spanish border and the Mediterranean Sea.

The department is formed by the historically Catalan-speaking area of Rosillon (with its different parts: Roussillon (modern), Haute Cerdagne (or simply Cerdagne), Conflent, Vallespir and Capcir) and Fenouillèdes, an historically Occitan-speaking area.

Before 1659, most of the present department was part of the former Principality of Catalonia, within the Kingdom of Spain, so historically most of it has been Catalan-speaking, and it is still sometimes referred to as Northern Catalonia.

Pyrénées-Orientales was created in 1790 during the French Revolution, when the whole of France was divided into departments, replacing the old provinces. Pyrénées-Orientales was formed by the province of Roussillon and Fenouillèdes (), a small piece of territory which had formerly been on the southern edge of Languedoc.

Pyrénées-Orientales has an area of . It has the department of Aude to the north, the Mediterranean Sea to the east, Spain to the south, and Andorra and the department of Ariège to the west.

The department is dominated by the Pyrenees mountain range. The highest mountain is Pic Carlit () that is high. The best known mountain in the department is Le Canigou () that is high.

There are three main rivers in the department: from north to south, Agly, Têt (the largest river of the department) and Tech; the Agly has its source in the Corbières hills, in the southern part of the Aude department. The other two river has their sources in the Pyrenees. The three rivers flow into the eastern Plain of Roussillon before they flow into the Mediterranean Sea.

Most of the population and agricultural production are concentrated in the Plain of Roussillon, with only 30% of the area.

Llívia is a town of Cerdanya, province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain, that forms a Spanish exclave surrounded by French territory.

In the department, there are three subtypes of the group C in the Köppen climate classification:

The département is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Pyrénées-Orientales" in Perpignan. The Pyrénées-Orientales is part of the region of Occitanie.

The area is traditionally divided into comarques, of which five (French Cerdagne, Capcir, Conflent, Roussillon and Vallespir) are historically Catalan-speaking and one (Fenouillèdes) is historically Occitan-speaking.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 226 "communes" (municipalities) in the Pyrénées-Orientales.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Pyrénées-Orientales department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:


Pyrénées-Orientales has a population, in 2014, of 466,327, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Perpignan, with 349,959 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Ceret and Prades, have respectively 73,192 and 43,176 inhabitants.

The only important city is Perpignan with 120,605 people living there in 2012. The subprefectures Céret and Prades have 7,663 and 5,927, respectively.
Evolution of the population in Pyrénées-Orientales

The cities with more than 6,000 inhabitants in the department are:

The inhabitants of Pyrénées-Orientales are known, in French, as "Pyrénaliens" (women: "Pyrénaliennes") or "Catalans" (women: "Catalanes").

French is spoken by almost all the population. Minority languages in the region are Catalan and Occitan, which between them are estimated to be spoken by rather more than a quarter of the population and understood by more than 40%.

On 10 December 2007, the "Departamental Council of the Pyrénées-Orientales" recognized Catalan as a regional language of the department, though French is still the only official language in France, according to the Constitution.

Pyrénées-Orientales is a wine-growing area and a tourist destination.

The area is famous for its wine with the predominately red grape varieties grown all over the department.

Some places of interest are:



Bas-Rhin

Bas-Rhin ( ]; Alsatian: "Unterelsàss", "‘s Unterlànd" or "‘s Ingerlànd"; traditional German: "Niederrhein"; English: Lower Rhine) is a department in the Grand Est region of France, named after the Rhine river that flows along its eastern border. The prefecture (capital) of Bas-Rhin is Strasbourg.

Bas-Rhin means "Lower Rhine", however, geographically speaking it belongs to the "Upper Rhine" region. This is the last French department to have kept the term "Bas", meaning "Lower", in its name. Other departments using this word preferred to change their names.

Bas-Rhin is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in four districts: Haguenau, Benfeld, Strasbourg and Wissembourg, with Strasbourg as is capital. Soon, the district of Sarre-Union was created and the name of the district of Benfeld was changed to Sélestat (in its origins, Schlettstadt).

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the five districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Strasbourg, Barr, Saverne and Wissembourg. The subprefecture of Barr was moved to Schlestadt (Sélestat) in 1806.

The Bas-Rhin department was eliminated in 1871 when the territory became part of Germany.

In 1919, Bas-Rhin is again an department when the territory became part of France with the "arrondissements" Strasbourg-Ville, Strasbourg-Campagne, Erstein, Haguenau, Molsheim, Saverne, Sélestat and Wissembourg.

The "arrondissements" Sélestat and Erstein were combined in 1974 to form the "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein.

In 2015, the "arrondissements" Strasbourg-Campagne and Wissembourg were eliminated and their territories passed to the remaining "arrondissements", and only 5 were kept: Haguenau-Wissembourg, Molsheim, Saverne, Sélestat-Erstein and Strasbourg.

The Bas-Rhin department is in the Grand Est region and borders 5 departments, all in the Grand Est region: Haut-Rhin to the south, Vosges to the southwest, Meurthe-et-Moselle to the west and Moselle to the northwest. To the north and east, the department borders Germany along the Rhine river.

Bas-Rhin has an area of . Its highest point is Champ de Feu () in the southwestern part of the department; it is high.

The main river in the department is the Rhine that forms the eastern border of the department, and of France.

The area around Strasbourg, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Strasbourg is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Strasbourg is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Strasbourg is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Bas-Rhin is managed by the "Departmental Council of Bas-Rhin" in Strasbourg. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 517 "communes" (municipalities) in Bas-Rhin.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Bas-Rhin department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Bas-Rhin department are known, in French, as "Bas-Rhinois" or (women: "Bas-Rhinoises"),

Bas-Rhin had a population, in 2014, of 1,112,815, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Strasbourg, with 484,157 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Bas-Rhin

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the Bas-Rhin department are:



Haut-Rhin

Haut-Rhin is a department in the Grand Est region of France. Its name means "Upper Rhine". The Rhine river is Haut-Rhin's eastern border. The prefecture (capital) of Haut-Rhin is Colmar.

Haut-Rhin is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It has three districts: Altkirch, Belfort and Colmar, with Colmar as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the three districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Colmar, Altkirch, Belfort, Delémont and Porrentruy. The "arrondissements" Delémont and Porrentruy were eliminated in 1814 and transferred to Switzerland.

The subprefecture of Altkirch was moved to Mulhouse in 1857.

The Haut-Rhin department was eliminated in 1871 when the territory became part of Germany except for a part that forms the Territoire de Belfort.

In 1919, Haut-Rhin is again an department when the territory became part of France with the "arrondissements" Colmar-Ville, Colmar-Campagne, Altkirch, Guebwiller, Mulhouse, Ribeauvillé and Thann. Its capital is Colmar.

The "arrondissements" Colmar-Ville and Colmar-Campagne were combined in 1934 to form the "arrondissement" of Colmar.

In 2015, the "arrondissements" of Guebwiller and Ribeauvillé were eliminated and the name of the "arrondissements" of Thann and Colmar were changed to Thann-Guebwiller and Colmar-Ribeauvillé.

Haut-Rhin is the smaller and less populated of the two departments of the former administrative Alsace region. It is in the Grand Est region. It is next to 3 departments in 2 regionsː

To the east, the Haut-Rhin is next to Germany along the Rhine river, and to the south it is next to Switzerland.

Haut-Rhin's area is . Its highest point is Grand Ballon () in the Vosges Mountains, in the eastern part of the department; it is high. The lowest point is high along the Rhine river.

The main river in the department is the Rhine that forms the eastern border of the department, and of France.

The area around Colmar, at an altitude of about , few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Strasbourg is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Strasbourg is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Strasbourg is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Haut-Rhin is managed by the "Departmental Council of Haut-Rhin" in Colmar. The department is part of the Grand Est region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 366 "communes" (municipalities) in Haut-Rhin.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Haut-Rhin department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The people in the Haut-Rhin department are known, in French, as "Haut-Rhinois" or (women: "Haut-Rhinoises"),

Haut-Rhin had a population, in 2014, of 760,134, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Mulhouse, with 350,032 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haut-Rhin

The 10 "communes" with more inhabitants in the Haut-Rhin department are:



Rhône (department)

Rhône is a department in the center of France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its prefecture is Lyon and about 1,646,000 people live there (2006 estimation). 

Haute-Saône

Haute-Saône is a department in the east of France. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Saône river and its capital (prefecture) is the city of Vesoul.

Haute-Saône is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was formed from part of the old province of "Franche-Comté".

It was divided in six districts: Jussey, Luxeuil, Lure, Vesoul, Gray and Champlitte with the capital in Gray alternating with Vesoul. In 1794, only Gray remained as the capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Vesoul, Gray and Lure; the capital was moved from Gray to Vesoul.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Gray was eliminated.

Haute-Saône is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 6 other departments in two regions:

The main river in the department is the Saône, that flows through the department from northeast to southwest. The highest mountain in the department is "Ballon de Servance" (), high; it is in the "commune" Servance-Miellin.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Lure is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average temperature for the year in Lure is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation (rainfall) for the year in Lure is . The month with the most precipitation on average is August with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is March with an average of .

Haute-Saône is managed by the "Departmental Council of Haute-Saône" in Vesoul. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 542 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Saône.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Haute-Saône department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Haute-Saône are known, in French, as "Haut-Saônois" (women: "Haut-Saônoises").

Haute-Saône had a population, in 2014, of 238,347, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Vesoul, with 129,622 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Saône

The cities with more than inhabitants in the department are:



Saône-et-Loire

Saône-et-Loire is a department in the centre of France. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the two main rivers in the department: the Saône and the Loire rivers.

The largest city in the department is Chalon-sur-Saône. The prefecture (capital) is the smaller city of Mâcon.

Saône-et-Loire is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Mâcon as its capital. It was formed from combined parts of the old provinces of southern "Burgundy" and "Bresse", uniting lands which have no true geographical unity.

It was divided in seven districts: Autun, Bourbon-Lancy, Chalon-sur-Saône, Charolles, Louhans, Mâcon and Semur-en-Brionnais. That same year, the name of the district Semur-en-Brionnais was changed to Marcigny.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Mâcon, Autun, Chalon-sur-Saône, Charolles and Louhans.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Louhans was eliminated but in 1942 it became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

Saône-et-Loire is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of ; the seventh largest department of France.

The department borders with 7 other departments in two regions:

There are five natural regions in the department:

The main rivers in the department are the Loire, that makes most of the western border of the department and that flows to the north, into the Atlantic Ocean; and the Saône, in the eastern part of the department and that flows to the south and joins the Rhône river at Lyon.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Charnay-lès-Mâcon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average temperature for the year in Charnay-lès-Mâcon, to the west of Mâcon and where is the local airport, is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Charnay-lès-Mâcon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

Saône-et-Loire is managed by the "Departmental Council of Saône-et-Loire" in Mâcon. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 29 "cantons" and 567 "communes" (municipalities) in Saône-et-Loire.

The following is a list of the 29 cantons of the Saône-et-Loire department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Saône-et-Loire are known, in French, as "Saône-et-Loiriens" (women: "Saône-et-Loiriennes").

Saône-et-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 555,788, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Chalon-sur-Saône, with 200,084 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Saône-et-Loire

The cities with more than inhabitants in the department are:



Sarthe

Sarthe is a department found in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region. Its prefecture is Le Mans and its population is about 543,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Savoie

Savoie is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France, bordering Italy.

Before 1860, the territory of the modern Haute-Savoie and Savoie departments had been part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, as a Duchy, since 1713. Annexation of the region by France was made in 1860. In that year, the Emperor Napoléon III divided the territory in two departments: "Savoie", to the south, with the city of Chambéry, and "Haute-Savoie", to the north, with the city of Annecy.

The department of Savoie was created in 1860 from the southern part of the Duchy of Sardinia with four "arrondissements": Chambéry, Albertville, Moûtiers and Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne. The capital was Chambéry.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Moûtiers was eliminated.

During World War II, the department was occupied by fascist Italy from November 1942 to September 1943.

The Savoie is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department borders with the Ain, Isère and Haute-Savoie departments in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, the Hautes-Alpes in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region and with Italy (Piedmont region).

Much of Savoie is covered by mountains; the highest mountain in the department is "La Grande Casse" () in the Alps; it is high.

The main rivers in the department are the Isère and its tributary Arch; both flow through the department from east to west. They are within the watershed of the Rhône river. The main lake in the department is the "Lac du Bourget", the largest and deepest lake entirely in France.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Chambéry is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

Savoie is managed by the "Departmental Council of Savoie" in Chambéry. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

Savoie is a member of the UNPO (Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization) and maintains relations with several other underrepresented and unrepresented nations.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 285 "communes" (municipalities) in Savoie.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Savoie department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Savoie are known, in French, as "Savoyards" (women: "Savoyardes").

Savoie had a population, in 2014, of 426,924, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Chambéry, with 271,647 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Savoie

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Seine-Maritime

Seine-Maritime is a department found in the northwest of France in the Normandy region. Its prefecture is Rouen. Its population is about 1,245,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Seine-et-Marne

Seine-et-Marne is a department found in the center of France in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Melun and its population is about 1,260,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Yvelines

Yvelines is a department in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Versailles. About 1,395,000 people live there (2006 estimation). 

Deux-Sèvres

Deux-Sèvres is a department in western France, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

"Deux-Sèvres" means literally "Two Sèvres": the Sèvre Nantaise and the Sèvre Niortaise; these are two rivers which flow through the department.

Deux-Sèvres is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790.

The new department had six districts: Melle, Niort, Saint-Maixent, Parthenay, Thouars and Châtillon (today Mauléon). The capital (now prefecture) was Niort alternating Saint-Maixent and Parthenay but soon only Niort was the only capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Melle, Niort, Parthenay and Thouars. Thouars was changed by Bressuire in 1804.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Bressuire and Melle were eliminated. On 1 June 1942, Bressuire was again an "arrondissement".

The borders of the department were changed in 1973 when the inhabitants of the little commune of "Puy-Saint-Bonnet" joined the commune of Cholet in the neighbouring department of Maine-et-Loire.

Deux-Sèvres is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The highest point of the department is "Terrier de Saint-Martin", high, in the "commune" of Saint-Martin-du-Fouilloux.

The department is bordered by the departments: Maine-et-Loire, Vienne, Charente, Charente-Maritime and Vendée.

The main rivers in the department are:

The climate of Niort is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Niort is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Niort is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Deux-Sèvres" in Niort. Deux-Sèvres is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 293 "communes" (municipalities) in Deux-Sèvres.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Deux-Sèvres department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Deux-Sèvres are known, in French, as "Deux-Sévriens" (women: "Deux-Sévriennes").

Deux-Sèvres has a population, in 2014, of 373,553, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Niort, with 212,425 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Bressuire and Parthenay, have respectively 96,703 and 64,425 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Deux-Sèvres

The 10 main cities in the department are:

The department is still a very rural area, with a large proportion of the land of the department used for farming. Wheat and oats are the main products grown, as well as potatoes, apples, and walnuts. There are many vineyards in the north.



Somme

Somme is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts-de-France region. Its prefecture is Amiens. Its population is about 559,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Tarn (department)

Tarn () is a French department in the Occitanie region in the southwest of France named after the Tarn river.

Its prefecture and largest city is Albi.

Tarn is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was created from a part of the old province of Languedoc.

The new department had five districts: Albi, Castres, Lavaur, Gaillac, Lacaune. The capitals (now prefectures) were, alternatively, Albi and Castres but, from 1790 to 1797, the capital was only Albi; in 1797, the capital was moved to Castres.

In 1800, Albi became again the capital of the department and the "arrondissements" were created; the department had four "arrondissements": Albi, Castres, Gaillac and Lavaur. In 1926, the "arrondissements" of Gaillac and Lavaur were eliminated.

Tarn is part of the Occitanie region and has an area of .

The department borders with 5 departments, all in the Occitanie region:

While the valley of the Tarn river, the main river of the department, forms a plain, the central part of the department has many hills. The main mountain ranges are the Monts de Lacaune, in the southeast, and the Montagne Noire in the south.

The Monts de Lacaune ("Mountains of Lacaune") mountain range is near the town of Lacaune; its highest point, and the highest of the Tarn department, is "Puech de Rascas", (), at above sea level.

The Montagne Noire (, "Black Mountain") is a mountain range in central southern France. It is at the southwestern end of the Massif Central in the border area of the Tarn, Hérault and Aude departments. Its highest point is the Pic de Nore () at high. The mountain is within the Haut-Languedoc Regional Natural Parc ().

The main river in the department are the Tarn and its tributary, the Agout river.

The climate of Albi is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Albi is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Albi is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Tarn" in Albi. Tarn is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 320 "communes" (municipalities) in Tarn.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Tarn department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Tarn are known, in French, as "Tarnais" (women: "Tarnaises").

Tarn has a population, in 2014, of 384,474, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Castres, with 194,373 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants. The "arrondissement" of Albi has 190,101 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Albi (49,531). The subprefecture of Castres has 41,382 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Tarn

The cities with more than 6,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Tarn-et-Garonne

Tarn-et-Garonne is a department in the southwest of France, in the Occitanie region. It is named after the Garonne river and its tributary Tarn. Its prefecture and largest city is Montauban.

Tarn-et-Garonne is not one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was created on 4 November 1808 during the First French Empire by Napoleon I.

It was formed out of territories belonging to neighboring areas. More than half of the territory was taken from the Lot (including Montauban and Moissac), over one-third was taken from Haute-Garonne (including Castelsarrasin), and the rest from the departments of Lot-et-Garonne, Gers, and Aveyron.

The new department had three "arrondissements": Montauban, Castelsarrasin and Moissac. The prefecture was Montauban. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Moissac was eliminated.

Tarn-et-Garonne is part of the Occitanie region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 6 departments:

The highest point in the department, at , is the Puech des Carts - Sommet Nord (), in the commune of Castanet.

Even if Tarn-et-Garonne is one of the smallest departments of Metropolitan France, there is a great diversity of landscapes in the department; for example, the plains between the Tarn and Garonne rivers and in the valley of the Aveyron river, the hills of the Lomagne region (southwest of the department) and in the north, including the "Causse" (a limestone plateau) of the northeast.

The main rivers in the department are the Garonne and its tributaries Tarn and Aveyron.

The climate of Montauban is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Montauban is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Montauban is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Tarn-et-Garonne is managed by the "Departamental Council of Tarn-et-Garonne" in Montauban. The department is part of the region of Occitanie.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 195 "communes" (municipalities) in Tarn-et-Garonne.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Tarn-et-Garonne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Tarn-et-Garonne are known, in French, as "Tarn-et-Garonnais" (women: "Tarn-et-Garonnaises").

, Tarn-et-Garonne had a population of 252,578, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Montauban, with 175,756 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants. The "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin has 76,822 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Montauban (58,826). The subprefecture of Castelsarrasin has 13,765 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Tarn-et-Garonne

The cities with more than 5,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Var (department)

The Var is a department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Provence in southeastern France. It takes its name from the river Var, which used to flow along its eastern border, but the border was moved in 1860.

Its prefecture is the city of Toulon.

Var is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Toulon as is capital. It was formed with part of the former province of Provence.

It was divided in nine districts: Toulon, Grasse, Hyères, Draguignan, Brignoles, Saint-Maximin, Fréjus, Saint-Paul-lès-Vence and Barjols.

The capital was moved, in 1793, from Toulon to Grasse and, in 1795, from Grasse to Brignoles. In 1797, the capital was moved again, to Draguignan.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the nine districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Brignoles, Draguignan, Grasse and Toulon.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

On 15 June 1860, the "arrondissement" of Grasse passed to the new department of Alpes-Maritimes. With this change, the Var river does not flow any longer through the department named after it.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Brignoles was eliminated but in 1974 Brignoles was made again an "arrondissement" and the capital was moved from Draguignan to Toulon. The Var is the only French department that has had four different capitals: Toulon, Grasse, Brignoles and Draguignan; now Toulon is the prefecture (capital) and Brignoles and Draguignan are subprefectures. Grasse is now a subprefecture of the Alpes-Maritimes department.

During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy, from November 1942 to December 1943. In 1944, the German army occupied the territory of the Var department.

Var is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 3 other departments, all in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region:

It also borders the Vaucluse department, to the nortwest, but only for a very short distance.

The highest point of the department is "Mont de Lachens" () with an altitude of high.; it is in the "commune" of Mons in the northeast of the department near the border with the Alpes-Maritimes department.

The "Îles d'Hyères" is a group of three islands off Hyères. The islands are named Porquerolles, Port-Cros, and Île du Levant. Together, they make up an area of . They can be reached by boat from either Hyères or Toulon.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Toulon is a "Mediterranean climate" and of the subtype "Csa".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Toulon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Toulon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Var is managed by the "Departmental Council of Ardennes" in Toulon. The department is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 153 "communes" (municipalities) in Var.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Var department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of the Var department are known, in French, as "Varois" (women: "Varoises"),

Var had a population, in 2014, of 1,038,212, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Toulon, with 565,669 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Var

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the department are:



Vendée

Vendée is a department found in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region. Its prefecture is La Roche-sur-Yon and its population is about 577,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Vienne

Vienne is a department in southwestern France in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is named after the Vienne river, the most important river in the department.

Vienne is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created from parts of the old provinces of Poitou, Touraine and Berry, until the 15th century part of the Duchy of Aquitaine.

The new department had six districts: Châtellerault, Civray, Loudun, Lusignan, Montmorillon and Poitiers. The capital (now prefecture) was Poitiers.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Châtellerault, Civray, Loudun, Montmorillon and Poitiers.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Civray and Loudun were eliminated.

Vienne is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The highest point of the department is "Signal de Prun", high, in the "commune" of Adriers, in the Massif Central.

The department is bordered by 6 departments in three regions:

The main river in the department is the Vienne that gives its name to the department; it is one of the main tributary of the Loire river. The Vienne river flows through the department from north to south.

The climate of Poitiers is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Poitiers is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Poitiers is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Vienne" in Poitiers. Vienne is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 274 "communes" (municipalities) in Vienne.

The following is a list of the 19 "cantons" of the Vienne department, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Vienne are known, in French, as "Viennois" (women: "Viennoises").

Vienne has a population, in 2014, of 433,203, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Poitiers, with 246,038 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Châtellerault and Montmorillon, have respectively 112,313 and 74,852 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Vienne

The 10 main cities in the department are:



Haute-Vienne

Haute-Vienne () is a department of France in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is named after the Vienne river that flows through the department.

Haute-Vienne is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created from parts of the old province of Limousin, its southern half, and of the county of Marche, its northern half, as well as some parts of Angoumois and Poitou.

The new department had six districts: Limoges, Le Dorat, Bellac, Saint-Junien, Saint-Yrieix and Saint-Léonard. The capital (now prefecture) was Limoges.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Limoges, Bellac, Rochechouart and Saint-Yrieix.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Yrieix was eliminated.

Haute-Vienne is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The department is bordered by 6 departments of 2 regions: 

The department is in the nortwestern border of the Massif Central. Its altitude is high; the lowest point is in the valley of the Vienne river and the highest is in the mountains near the "Vassivière" lake. The highest point in the department is Puy de Crozat (), that is high.

The main rivers in the department are the Vienne, that gives its name to this the deparment and to Vienne, and the Gartempe, a tributary of the Creuse river.

The climate of Limoges is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Limoges is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Limoges is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Haute-Vienne" in Limoges. Haute-Vienne is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 200 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Vienne.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Haute-Vienne department, in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Haute-Vienne are known, in French, as "Haut-Viennois" (women: "Haut-Viennoises").

Haute-Vienne has a population, in 2013, of 376,199, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Limoges, with 298,578 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Bellac and Rochechouart, have respectively 39,744 and 37,877 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Vienne

The 10 most important cities in the department are:



Vosges

Vosges is a department found in the east of France in the Grand Est region. Its prefecture is Épinal. Its population is about 382,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.

Yonne

Yonne is a department in the centre of France, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The largest city in the department, and its prefecture (capital), is Auxerre.

The department is named after the Yonne river, a tributary of the Seine, that flows through the department. The Celts name of the river was "Ica-onna" () and from this name come the name of the river and of the people living in the department: "Icaunais".

During Roman times, the main city in the territory of the present department was Sens, the capital of one Roman province.

Yonne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 with Auxerre as its capital. It was formed from combined parts of the old provinces of "Burgundy", "Champagne" and "Île-de-France".

It was divided in seven districts: Auxerre, Sens, Joigny, Saint-Fargeau, Avallon, Tonnerre and Saint-Florentin.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Auxerre, Avallon, Joigny, Sens and Tonnerre. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Joigny and Tonnerre were eliminated.

Yonne is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of . The highest point of the department is Bois de la Pérouse (), high.

The department borders with five departments in four regions:

The northern part of the department is formed by plains that are part of the great plain of Paris. The mountains of the "Morvan" and the hills of the "Auxerrois" (the region around the city of Auxerre) are in the southern half of the department.

The main river in the department is the Yonne, a tributary of the Seine river that flows through the department from south to north. Other rivers that flow through the department are the Armançon, Loing, Ouanne and Serein rivers.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Auxerre is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average temperature for the year in Auxerre is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Auxerre is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is April with an average of .

Yonne is managed by the "Departmental Council of Yonne" in Auxerre. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 21 "cantons" and 428 "communes" (municipalities) in Yonne.

The following is a list of the 21 cantons of the Yonne department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Yonne are known, in French, as "Icaunais" (women: "Icaunaises").

Yonne had a population, in 2014, of 341,814, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Auxerre, with 179,922 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Yonne

The cities with more than 5,000 inhabitants in the department are:



Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant

The Zwentendorf power plant is a nuclear power plant in Zwentendorf an der Donau in Austria. It has never been used. This is because the people of Austria voted against using it in 1978. 

Today, the plant is used to get replacement parts to other plants of the same type (mainly in Germany), and for staff training. It is not possible to visit the power plant. Because the nuclear power plant was never in use, a coal power plant was built in 1987 to replace it.

The plant is now owned by Austrian energy company and used as a Solar Power Plant. 


Territoire de Belfort

Territoire de Belfort is a department in eastern France, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The largest city in the department, and its prefecture (capital), is Belfort.

The Territoire de Belfort was made a French department on 11 March 1922.

Territoire de Belfort is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region; it is in the northeast of the region. It has an area of , the fifth smallest department of France (after Paris and its suburbs Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, and Val-de-Marne).

Rhw Territoire de Belfort borders with 4 departments in 2 regions:

It also borders, to the southeast, with Switzerland for a distance of about .

The highest point of the department is Ballon d'Alsace (), high, in the "Vosges Mountains", "commune" of Lepuix.

The lowest point in the department, high, is where the "Savoureuse" river leaves the department in the "commune" of Châtenois-les-Forges.

Territoire de Belfort is managed by the "Departmental Council of Territoire de Belfort" in Belfort. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There is 1 "arrondissement" (districts), 9 "cantons" and 102 "communes" (municipalities) in Territoire de Belfort.

The following is a list of the 9 cantons of the Territoire de Belfort department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Territoire de Belfort are known, in French, as "Terrifortains" (women: "Terrifortaines").

Territoire de Belfort had a population, in 2014, of 144,334, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Territoire de Belfort



Essonne

Essonne is a department to the south of Paris in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Évry. About 1,172,000 people live there (2006 estimation). 

Hauts-de-Seine

Hauts-de-Seine is a department which is the western inner suburbs of Paris in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Nanterre and its population is about 1,517,000 (2006 estimation). 

Seine-Saint-Denis

Seine-Saint-Denis is a department. It is in the center of France in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Bobigny. About 1,459,000 people live there (2006 estimation). 

Val-de-Marne

Val-de-Marne is a department in the center of France in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Créteil. About 1,279,000 people live there (2006 estimation). 

Val-d'Oise

Val-d'Oise is a department to the north of Paris in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Cergy. About 1,139,000 people live there (2006 estimation).

Quimper

Quimper () is a town in France. It is the prefecture of the Finistère department in the Brittany region. Its population is around 65,000 (2006). 

Quimper is twinned with:

Georges Cuvier

Baron Georges Léopold Chrétien Frédéric Dagobert Cuvier (23 August 1769–13 May 1832), usually called Cuvier, was a French naturalist and zoologist.

Cuvier was a very important figure in scientific circles in Paris during the early 19th century. He helped establish the fields of comparative anatomy and paleontology by comparing living animals with fossils. He proved extinction was a fact. He was the most influential person believing in catastrophism in geology in the early 19th century. His most famous work is the "Règne animal distribué d'après son organisation" 1817; translated into English as "The Animal Kingdom".

Cuvier was a member of the elite Académie française and the French Academy of Sciences. He is remembered for strongly opposing the evolutionary theories of Lamarck and Geoffroy. Cuvier believed there was no evidence for the evolution of organic forms, but there was evidence for successive creations after catastrophic extinction events.

Some of Cuvier's most influential followers were Louis Agassiz, and Richard Owen. His is one of the 72 names inscribed on the Eiffel Tower.

He was the elder brother of Frédéric Cuvier (1773–1838), also a naturalist. Cuvier died in Paris, of cholera.

George W. Campbell

George Washington Campbell (February 9, 1769–February 17, 1848) was an American statesman. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives as the Representative from Tennessee's at-large congressional district in 1803. He served in the House from 1805-1809, in the 8th, 9th, and 10th Congresses. During the 10th Congress, he was the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. He was also one of the managers appointed in 1804 to conduct the impeachment hearings for John Pickering, judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire, and later in the same year, the impeachment hearings against Samuel Chase, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.

Born in Scotland, he immigrated to North Carolina in 1772 with his parents. He graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1794 and began studying law. He was admitted to the bar in North Carolina and began practicing in Knoxville, Tennessee. 

He left Congress in 1809 to become judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving until 1811.

He served as a United States Senator from Tennessee twice, once from 1811 to 1814, having been elected to fill the seat of Jenkin Whiteside, and again from 1815 to 1818. His first service was from October 8, 1811 to February 11, 1814, when he resigned to accept appointment as the United States Secretary of the Treasury. He returned to the Senate on October 10, 1815. He served as the first chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and its predecessor from December 4, 1815, until his resignation from the Senate on April 20, 1818; on this occasion to accept appointment as United States Ambassador to Russia, a position he held from 1818-1821. Campbell served as a member of the French Spoliation Claims Commission in 1831.

Appointed Secretary of the Treasury by James Madison, he faced national financial disorder brought on by the War of 1812. Congress had failed to recharter the First Bank of the United States after its charter expired in 1811, and appropriations for the war were unavailable, so Campbell had to convince Americans to buy government bonds. He was forced to meet to lenders terms, selling government bonds at exorbitant interest rates. In September, 1814 the British occupied Washington, D.C. and the credit of the government was lowered even further. Campbell was unsuccessful in his efforts to raise money through additional bond sales and he resigned that October after only eight months in office, disillusioned and in bad health.

He died in 1848 and is buried at Nashville City Cemetery in Nashville, Tennessee.

Campbell County, Tennessee, is named in his honor.

Samuel Chase

Samuel Chase (April 17, 1741 – June 19, 1811), was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and earlier was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland.

Chloroform

Chloroform (also called trichloromethane) is a chemical substance. It is an organic compound. Chloroform is one of the intermediate substances that occur in the production of Polytetrafluoroethylene, better known as "Teflon". Chloroform is used as a solvent. It is a colourless liquid. In the 19th century, it was a widely used anaesthetic.

The first who reported to have produced Chloroform was the French chemist Eugène Soubeiran, in 1831. Soubeiran took acetone and ethanol, and used bleach powder for the reaction. The American physician Samuel Guthrie prepared gallons of the material and described its "deliciousness of flavor." Independently, Justus von Liebig also described it. Chloroform was named and chemically characterised in 1834 by Jean-Baptiste Dumas. Starting in the 1850s factories made large amounts. Its use as an anesthetic declined in the early 20th century as safer chemicals were more used.

Chloroform is produced by mixing methane and chlorine at a temperature of 400 to 500°C. In this reaction, the result is a mix of chloromethane, methylene chloride, chloroform and carbon tetrachloride.

The four compounds get then separated with a distillation.

In laboratories, chloroform can be produced by mixing sodium hypochlorite and acetone together. This is an exothermic reaction, meaning it makes a lot of heat.

The main uses of Chloroform are:

Chloroform was used as an anaesthetic during childbirth and surgery, from about 1847. It replaced ether which was used before. Chloroform is very poisonous, and can cause breathing problems, and problems with the heart. Death from chloroform can come from cardiac arrest. When Chloroform is stored for a longer time period, it can decay into Phosgene. Phosgene was a chemical weapon (poison gas) used during the First World War. Chloroform can cause birth defects and lead to miscarriages. It may cause cancer.

Santa Cruz, Bolivia

Santa Cruz de La Sierra, also known as Santa Cruz, is the largest city in Bolivia. It is the capital city of the Santa Cruz department (in the eastern region of the country). In 2006, the municipality's population was 1,528,683. In 2008, the urban population was 1,545,161.

Santa Cruz is not only the most populated city in Bolivia, but the department is also the richest, with over 30% of the national GDP. The city is a major center of petrochemical production in Bolivia, especially because the production of natural gas that exports to neighboring countries. The main sectors that drive the economy are the oil, forestry and agrobusiness firms.

Santa Cruz de la Sierra was founded on February 26, 1561 by Ñuflo de Chaves, after an expedition composed of 158 soldiers who left the city of Asunción del Paraguay. The new town was baptized with the name of Santa Cruz de la Sierra in honor of the founder's hometown in the Castilian Extremadura. The foundation was made on the banks of the Sutús stream in the Chiquitos mountain range.

In 1601, the city was moved to Cotoca, about to the west (Santa Cruz La Nueva).

At the same time, most of the population of the original Santa Cruz (Santa Cruz La Vieja) moved to San Lorenzo el Real de la Frontera, a nearby town founded in 1590 and moved in 1595.

In 1622, Santa Cruz and San Lorenzo el Real de la Frontera merged. The new city resulting from this union, Santa Cruz de la Sierra, is on the Piraí River.

Arithmetic logic unit

In computing, an arithmetic logic unit (ALU) is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic and logical operations. The ALU is a basic building block of the central processing unit (CPU) of a computer, even the simplest microcontrollers contain one for purposes such as timing. 

Now, modern microprocessors, microcontrollers and CPUs have very powerful and very complex ALUs. Also, more recent CPUs may contain up to more than 4 ALUs (see superscalar CPUs).

Mathematician John von Neumann proposed the ALU concept in 1945.





Floating point unit

A floating point unit (FPU) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers. Typical operations are addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and square root. 

Some systems can also perform more advanced functions as exponential or trigonometric functions calculations, however in most modern processors these functions are done with software library routines, not by hardware.

In most modern general purpose CPUs, one or more FPUs are integrated inside the CPU; however many embedded microcontrollers, especially older designs, do not have hardware support for floating point operations. 

In the past, some systems as the Intel 8086 have implemented floating point via a coprocessor that is controlled by the CPU rather than as an integrated unit.

Most modern computers have integrated FPU hardware; but not all. In the absence of an FPU, many FPU functions can be emulated, which saves the added hardware cost of an FPU but is significantly slower.


Eating disorder

An eating disorder is when someone begins eating too much, or when someone begins to avoid eating. This affects one's mental and physical health. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa are two of the most well-known eating disorders today. Eating disorders affect 5-7% of American women, and only a small percentage of men are affected. It is a well-known truth that Eating Disorders and Addictions are closely Related.

Eating disorders involve more than just food. Many people with eating disorders are very sad and feel alone. They get depressed and do not want to eat in front of other people. They might use food as a way to cope, or they might restrict their food intake as a means of control. They might eat a lot of food in a very short period. They might throw up their food because they feel guilty. They might eat very little because they want to lose weight, even if they are already dangerously underweight (weighing less than what it is considered healthy). Even if they are underweight, they might see themselves as very fat. Many people with eating disorders suffer physical complications, like malnutrition (not getting enough nutrients that the body needs to be healthy), or electrolyte imbalances (a change in the number of elements such as sodium or potassium that causes problems in the body's ability to work correctly). Eating disorders can cause death.

On 1 December 2013 the "Daily Telegraph" reported that the number of children under thirteen treated in hospital for eating disorders in the UK had tripled.


Derealization

Derealization (DR) is a change in the way someone views the world so that it seems unreal. Derealization can also make someone feel as if their environment does not have emotion or depth. This is a symptom of other problems, such as sleeping disorders, schizophrenia, and other mental disorders. It can also be caused by drug intoxication.

Similar to derealization is depersonalization, but the two are different. Depersonalization is a sense of unreality about oneself. Derealization is a sense of unreality of the outside world.

Derealization often happens during a traumatic or tragic event.

Paresthesia

Paresthesia (pron. ; paraesthesia in British English, pron. ) is a feeling of tingling, prickling, or numbness with no permanent effects. It is commonly called "pins and needles". This feeling may last a short while, or may be more long-lasting. A long-term effect means there is something wrong with neurons in the body.

An example of this can be felt when sitting cross-legged for a long time and your foot "falls asleep". The tingling feeling you get when you move is paresthesia.

Paresthesia has many known causes, including the following:



Perfectionism

Perfectionism, in psychology, is a type of personality where there is a need for oneself or others to be the best in any given part of life. There are only two outcomes; anything less than perfect is taken to be unacceptable. The belief holds that one can achieve perfection and should aim for it. A person who believes this is called a "perfectionist".

At first, some consider perfectionism as helpful. Perfectionism can lead people to achieve great things and give them motivation. However, it is considered to be a belief that is mostly unhealthy and harmful. Perfectionism makes people set goals that are unrealistic and cannot be reached. This leads to many problems like depression, anxiety, eating disorders and low self-esteem. Perfectionism may also lead to procrastination as it allows one to avoid being less than perfect ("I can't do this project until I can do it the right way."). This can mean low productivity.

Perfectionistic behaviour is growing in the newer generation. Perfectionism has received more attention by popular sayings like “practice makes perfect”. There are also more and more people who see themselves as a perfectionist. These people also mentioned their difficulties which comes with this behaviour.

In 1978, D. E. Hamachek shows that there are two types of perfectionists: normal and neurotic. Normal perfectionists are people who set high goals for themselves. The main thing is that they are open to making some errors. Neurotic perfectionists also set high goals, but with no room for error. They view themselves strictly at all times. This makes them feel like nothing is done well enough.

Both types set high standards for themselves. This shows that the psychological problems that come with perfectionism come from viewing oneself strictly.

There are a few models of perfectionism. In 2017, Hewitt et al. released one of the most detailed models. Their Comprehensive Model of Perfectionistic Behaviour splits perfectionism into many levels of a personality style. There are three levels:

1.     Trait level

2.     Self-presentational or other-relational level

3.     Cognitive or self-relational level

The first part of this model is multiple perfectionistic traits that are linked. They include self-oriented perfectionism, socially prescribed perfectionism and other-oriented perfectionism. These are measures of the Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale (MPS).

The second level is concerned with the image oneself presents to others. The relational part says that rather than needing to be perfect, there is a need to only appear so. This leads to displays of perfection and hiding imperfections. They avoid making mistakes in front of others or speaking about their imperfections. This is due to a fear of being judged badly by others which will cause feelings of low self-esteem.

The cognitive part of this model refers to repeated and automatic cognitive thoughts of needing to be perfect. There is a rumination of the difference between one’s present actual self and the perfect self that one can / should be.

Early theorists suggest perfectionism as firm unrealistic goals for oneself. These clinical observations were important. However, it was not possible, to sum up perfectionism as a single term. This led Frost et al. in 1990 and in 1991, Hewitt and Flett, to come up with their own multidimensional scales of perfectionism.

Frost's Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale (FMPS) measures 6 different dimensions of perfectionism:

1.     Concern over mistakes (CM),

2.     Very high personal standards (PS),

3.     Views of parental expectations (PE),

4.     Views of parental criticism (PC),

5.     Doubts about one’s actions (D), and

6.     Organisation (O).

Examples of CM: “If I fail at work / school, I fail as a person”, “If I do not do as well as others, I am a worse human” and “The less mistakes I make, the more people will like me”.

Examples of PS: “If I do not set the highest standards for myself, I will end up second” and “I expect a higher performance of myself than normal people”.

Examples of PE: “My parents wants me to be the best at everything”.

Examples of PC: “I was punished if I did something less than perfect” and “I felt like I cannot meet my parent’s standards”.

Examples of D: “Feeling like a task is not done right, even though it was done very carefully”.

Examples of O: Liking to be neat and organised.

Hewitt & Flett’s MPS is a 45-item scale measuring three parts of perfectionism:

1.     Self-oriented perfectionism,

2.     Other-oriented perfectionism, and

3.     Socially prescribed perfectionism.

The difference between these parts is not behavioural displays. It is to whom perfectionism is directed to (self or others) or to whom the perfectionistic behaviour is placed by (socially prescribed).

Self-oriented perfectionism refers to the setting of impossible standards and strictly examining oneself. Although there are harmful effects, it also results in motivation by aiming to achieve perfection while avoiding failure.

Other-oriented perfectionism is placing unrealistic standards for significant others. There is a focus on others being perfect and strictly examining them. This leads to blaming, lack of trust, and unkind feelings towards others. However, this dimension may link to leadership ability and giving motivation to others.

Socially prescribed perfectionism is the believed need to achieve unrealistic standards placed by other people on oneself. As the standards placed by others are felt as too much, it may often lead to anger, anxiety and depression.


Garonne

The Garonne is a river that runs through northern Spain and the southwest France. Its mouth is at the Atlantic Ocean. It is long.

Physical abuse

Physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain, injury, or other physical suffering. Physical abuse may lead to low self-esteem and other mental problems.

Physical abuse has many forms. A few examples of physical abuse are:


Sexual abuse

Sexual abuse (also called sexual molestation) is when one person forces another person to commit a sexual act, harassment or sexual assault. A person who commits sexual abuse is called a molester, abuser, or sexual abuser. When a victim of sexual abuse is under the age of consent, it is known as child sexual abuse. 

Sexual abuse can lead to many psychological problems, including low self-esteem, clinical depression, psychological trauma and other mental disorders, especially if the victim is a child and/or the abuse is severe. 

Some groups of people are more likely to be sexually abused than others. It is common knowledge that girls and women are sexually abused more often than boys and men, and that abusers are usually men. Disabled people, especially disabled girls, are much more likely than non-disabled people to be sexually abused. They are often abused by authority figures in their lives, such as carers. Disabled people are more vulnerable to sexual assault for a number of reasons. People of different races have different rates of being sexually abused. African American girls and women 12 years old and older experience higher rates of sexual abuse.


Saka

The Sakas were a population of Iranic nomadic tribesmen lived in the plains of Eurasia from Eastern Europe to China, from the Old Persian Period to the Middle Persian Period. Then Turkic language speakers took their place.

The ancient Greeks called the Sakas the Scythians.

Sakas came across the river Indus and overan Sind and Saurashtra (near Gujrat) .They finally settled down in Kathiawar and malwa. They were often in war with the Satavahanas. Rudradaman, one of their best known king was the one who stopped the expansion of Sata ahana power to the north of river Narmada. The Sakas themselves could not expand to the north as they would have liked to, because Kushanas held them back.



Hill Auditorium

Hill Auditorium is the largest performance place on the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor in the United States. The auditorium was named after Arthur Hill (1847-1909), who was a regent of the university from 1901 to 1909. He gave 200,000 dollars to the university to build it. Opened in 1913, the auditorium was designed by Albert Kahn and Associates. It was recently fixed up by the same firm beginning in 2002 and was re-opened in 2004.

Goulburn

Goulburn () is a city in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia. It is 190 km south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway. It is 690 metres above sea-level. In 2006 there were 20,127 people living in Goulburn. Goulburn calls itself as "Australia's first inland city". The city of Bathurst also claims to be the first inland city in Australia. 

Goulburn was named by James Meehan after Henry Goulburn, a British politician. The Governor Lachlan Macquarie approved the choice of name. The Aboriginal name for Goulburn is Burbong. This is a Murring/Wiradjuri word meaning a special place.

Goulburn has a railway station on the Main Southern railway line. It is a service centre for the many farms in the area. It also provides a rest stop for those travelling on the Hume Highway. It has a central park and many historic buildings, including old houses near the railway station on Sloane Street. It also has two 19th-century cathedrals. It is home to the "Big Merino", the world's largest cement sheep.

Women's suffrage

Women's suffrage is the right of women to take part in elections. This means two things, which are not necessarily related: First of all, women are allowed to vote for a candidate in an election, and their vote will be treated the same as any other vote. The second thing is that women can be a candidate, and get elected to hold a political office. There's also the idea that all adult citizens should be allowed to vote. 

Before the 19th century, a few countries had this idea that all adults should be able to vote, but it only applied to men. 

The modern movement for women to gain the right to vote started in France in the late-18th century. The French Republic had been founded after a revolution, and political scientist Antoine Condorcet and activist Olympe de Gouges campaigned for women to be allowed to vote in the national election.

In early cases of women's suffrage, only those women who met certain requirements were given the right to vote in certain kinds of elections. In Sweden, there was conditional women's suffrage during the Age of Liberty (1718–1771). Unmarried women who owned property could vote in New Jersey from 1776 to 1807. In the 1792 election in Sierra Leone, all heads of household—one-third of whom were women—could vote.

Several British colonies recognised women's suffrage before most countries. The female descendants of the "Bounty" mutineers who lived on Pitcairn Islands could vote from 1838. This right was kept when they were resettled on Norfolk Island in 1856. Women in South Australia were allowed to vote in local elections from 1861, and those on the Isle of Man could vote in parliamentary elections from 1881. In 1893, New Zealand became the first independent country to give all adult women the right to vote in national elections. The women in South Australia got the same right in 1894, and became the first to get the right to stand (run) for seats in parliament.

Many countries did the same soon after, following similar battles. Limited voting rights were also gained by women in several Western countries in the late 19th century, including Sweden, Finland and the United Kingdom. Russian Empire was the first European country to introduce women's suffrage, in 1906. It also elected the world's first female members of parliament in its 1907 elections. At that time it was a part of the Russian Empire. In the years before World War I, women in Norway (1913) and Denmark (1915) also won the right to vote, as did women in the other Australian states. In most other Western countries, women's suffrage came at the end of World War I.

Ceylon, now called Sri Lanka, recognised the right in 1931. It elected the world's first female head of government, Sirimavo Bandaranaike, in the country's 1960 elections. Women's suffrage was explicitly recognised as a right by the United Nations in 1979.


Grenfell, New South Wales

Grenfell is a country town in the central west of New South Wales, in Australia. It is in the Weddin Shire. It is west of Sydney. It is close to Forbes, Cowra and Young. In 2006 there were 1,994 people living in Grenfell.

The Grenfell area was the home of the Wiradjuri Aborigines. Europeans first settled when gold was found at Emu Creek. The town was renamed after John Grenfell, the Gold Commissioner at Forbes. He had been killed in 1866 when bushrangers attacked a stagecoach on which he was travelling.

By 1870-71 more gold was found at Grenfell than in any other town in NSW. By the middle of the 1870s the gold was running out. Wheat was first grown in the area in 1871. The railway reached Grenfell in 1901.

The Grenfell area has been badly affected by drought since 2001. 

The poet and story writer Henry Lawson was born on the gold fields at Grenfell. On the Queen's Birthday weekend in June every year, the town has "The Henry Lawson Festival of Arts". Thousands of people come from all over Australia for the art, poetry and writing competitions. Over the years, famous visitors have included Chips Rafferty, Barry Humphries, Patrick White and Sigrid Thornton.

In June 2007, the "Spirit of the Bush Concert" was held. It was organized by Australian of the Year, Lee Kernaghan, local and international star Steve Forde and the Flange, Adam Brand, Leo Sayer, Diesel, and The McClymonts.

Cricketer Stan McCabe, cyclist Reggie "IronMan" McNamara and tennis player Jan Lehane and Creative Writer Adam Burn were born in Grenfell.

Mike Vernon

Michael "Mike" Vernon (born 24 February 1963 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. For 21 years he played in the National Hockey League, he played as a goaltender for the Calgary Flames, Detroit Red Wings, San Jose Sharks and the Florida Panthers. He won the Stanley Cup twice as a member of the Flames in 1989 and then again in 1997 with the Red Wings, where he also won the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP. In 2002 he retired and started working as a Special Assistant to Vice President of Hockey Operations for Tampa Bay Lightning.


Mike Vernon holds the following Calgary Flames franchise records:


1997 United Kingdom general election

The UK general election, 1997 was an election held on 1 May 1997 to elect 659 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The three main candidates to become Prime Minister are shown to the right: 

The Labour Party and its leader Tony Blair gained the majority of seats and created the first Labour government since 1979. The Labour Party won 418 seats which was the highest majority of seats for any party since the Conservatives in the 1931 General Election. The Conservative Party suffered it's lowest number of seats since 1906 and lost all of its seats in Scotland and Wales. Several prominent Conservative politicians lost their seats such as Defence Secretary Michael Portillo, Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind, Scottish Secretary Michael Forsyth as well as Edwina Currie, David Mellor and Ian Lang. 

The Liberal Democrats won 46 seats, which was the highest number of seats for a third party since 1929. The Referendum Party ran on the single issue of taking Britain out of the European Union and won 2.6% of the vote but no seats.

The final results of the election were:


Metropolitan France

Metropolitan France ( or "la Métropole") is the part of France that is in Europe. It can also be described as mainland France plus the island of Corsica. By contrast, Overseas France ("France d'outre-mer") is the collective name for all of the French overseas departments, territories and collectivities and New Caledonia. Metropolitan France and Overseas France together form the French Republic.

Metropolitan France covers an area of 551,695 km² (213,011 sq. miles). Excluding the territory of Adélie Land in Antarctica, this is 81.8% of the nation's territory. As of January 1, 2011, 63,136,180 people lived in metropolitan France. This is 95.9% of the nation's population.

The five overseas departments – Martinique, Guadeloupe, Réunion, French Guiana, and Mayotte – have the same political status as the departments in metropolitan France. Metropolitan France and these five overseas departments together are sometimes called "France entière" ("entire France") by the French administration, especially by INSEE. This grouping does not include the French overseas collectivities and territories, which have more autonomy than the overseas departments.


Overseas France

Overseas France () is the part of France that is outside of the European continent. It consists of all overseas departments, territories and collectivities. These territories have several different legal statuses and levels of autonomy. Overseas France includes island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans, French Guiana in South America, and Adélie Land in Antarctica. Each inhabited territory is represented in both the French National Assembly and the French Senate (which together make up the Parliament of France).

2,685,705 people lived in the overseas departments and territories in January 2011.

Overseas departments and regions are completely part of France.

The category of "overseas collectivity" was created by changes made to France's constitution in 28 March 2003. Each overseas collectivity has its own written laws.




The overseas departments and territories are represented by 27 "députés" in the French National Assembly and 21 senators in the French Senate. This is 4.7% of the 577 "députés" and 6% of the 343 senators.

The 11 French Overseas Territories are :

Lands generally uninhabited, except by researchers in scientific stations.



Justin Raimondo

Justin Raimondo (born Dennis Raimondo; November 18, 1951 – June 27, 2019) was an American writer and the editorial director of the website Antiwar.com. He was born in White Plains, New York.

Raimondo died on June 27, 2019 in Sebastopol, California from lung cancer at the age of 67.


Group (mathematics)

In mathematics, a group is a kind of algebraic structure. A group is a set with an operation. The group's operation shows how to combine any two elements of the group's set to get a third element from the set in a useful way. A familiar example of a group is the set of integers with the addition operation.

Instead of "an element of the group's set", mathematicians usually save words by saying "an element of the group".

Mathematicians use capital letters to stand for groups. They often use "G", "H", or "K". They also use lower-case letters to stand for group elements. For example, they would say ""a" is in "G"" to mean ""a" is an element of "G"".

They write group operations with symbols like • or *, or by writing two elements next to each other. So ""a" • "b"", ""a" * "b"", and ""ab"" can all mean "the element formed when the group's operation combines "a" and "b"".

Not every set and operation make a group. A group's set and operation must obey some special rules. These are called group axioms. The following list has each axiom in both words and mathematical symbols.

To name the group, one should say all three parts: ("G", •, "e"). But when it is clear, one may just say that "G" is a group.

For most groups, one can find two elements "a" and "b" such that"a" • "b" is different from"b" • "a". That means, maybe"a" • "b" = "c", but"b" • "a" = "d". This is why we say that"a" • "b" and"b" • "a" are not the same.

The number of elements in a group is called the group's "order". 

For some special groups,"a" • "b" = "b" • "a" for every "a" and "b" in the group. These groups have a special name. They are called Abelian groups and their operation is said to be commutative"."

Sometimes, part of the group is also a group. In that case, the part is called a subgroup. For example, the even numbers form a subgroup of the integers, when the operation is addition, because adding any two even numbers gives another even number. Another example is the group of isometries of a shape, which is the set of ways the shape can be moved, including rotating or mirroring it. Performing any two movements in a row gives another movement, so the set of movements forms a group. A subgroup of movements that do not rotate the shape, but only shift it to another place in space, form a subgroup.

One everyday example of a group is the set of integers with the addition operation. It is easy to see that when adding two integers, the result is always an integer. So, closure is true.

The identity element for this group is zero.

Because the order of additions does not matter (in other words, formula_1), associativity rule is also true. And the inverse of any integer is its opposite number (the inverse element of zero is zero). This group is also an abelian group. It is an infinite group (also called a group of "infinite order") because it has an infinite number of elements: all the integers.

The set of integers with the multiplication operation is not a group, because with multiplication, most integers have no inverse that is also an integer (inverse element is not in the set).

Another important kind of groups are groups of symmetries. Symmetry groups provide many examples of groups. It can be proved that every group of finite order is a group of symmetries. For this reason, group theory is called the mathematical study of symmetry.

Objects are symmetric if keep some interesting features when changed. Those changes of objects (of any kind) are called symmetries.

Sets only have elements in them, so they are one of the simplest objects to think of. Symmetries of a set are one-to-one functions that shuffle the elements of this set. Those functions change elements one with other but for example keep their amount the same as before shuffling.

When such group is finite (has finite order), say it has "n" elements, one can think of this group as the set of those shuffles (one-to-one functions) of "n" elements. The symmetric group given on "n" elements is often written as formula_2.

Shuffles can be combined one after another—function composition is the "operation" of this group.

Because making shuffling after shuffling is yet another shuffling, that means that there is "closure". 

Also three shuffles can be combined in any of two ways: first two in the beginning to give a shuffle to combine with a third one, or last two in the beginning to give a shuffle to be combined with the first one ("associavity").

The "identity element" is the shuffle in which nothing changes.

Any shuffle can be undone by reversing the change. That reverse is the "inverse element".

Because order of shuffling matters—it is important which of the shuffles go first—group of symmetries are almost never abelian.

Think of a square and (one-to-one) functions can that shuffle the place of points of the square but keep the square as a whole in one place. Interesting features are size and place of the square. Such symmetries are called (global) isometries (see congruence).

Here are all of the isometries of a square: turn the square clockwise 90, 180, or 270; turn the square counter-clockwise 90, 180, or 270; reflect the image of the square in a vertical mirror, or in a horizontal mirror, or a diagonal mirror to the right or the left; or leave the square as it was.

This is a "finite" group, or a group of (finite) order 8, because there are 8 different isometries in total. It is a non-abelian group because it makes a difference which order when making a turn and a reflection.

This is not only kind of symmetry for this square. When position is not an interesting feature then there are many more symmetries. Then infinitely many moves are allowed. If the shape of a square is all that matters then there is even more symmetries of this square, those are similarities.

This shows that it is important to say what one exactly mean by ‘symmetry’. What are interesting features of objects that keep the same during a change.

Idea to study geometry by studying symmetries of figures goes back to XIX century. It is how mathematicians think of geometry today. They even use those methods when studying different objects and speak about ‘geometry’ and ‘symmetries’ of strange objects.

Many things in mathematics are groups. This is mostly because groups help to benefit from a brilliant idea of ‘a change that keeps interesting feature unchanged", which are called symmetries. For example, equations. The ways of solving equations can be a group. Physical things can be studied as groups. There are important symmetries about physical things which are groups (this can be place, turn, time, energy, electric charge). 

Many useful things can be proved about groups and their subgroups, which is a study called group theory. For example, the order (number of elements) of any subgroup is always a factor of the group's order.

Chelsea Clinton

Chelsea Victoria Clinton (born February 27, 1980) is the only child of Bill Clinton, former President of the United States, and his wife, former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.

Clinton was born at Baptist Health Medical Center in Little Rock, Arkansas. She moved in to The White House when she was twelve years old when her father, Bill Clinton, became president. She has helped her mother, Hillary Clinton, many times by campaigning for people to elect her mother as the first woman President of the United States.

She has an undergraduate degree from Stanford University, and master's degrees from University of Oxford and Columbia University. She also has a Doctor of Philosophy in international relations from the University of Oxford in 2014..

Clinton is vegetarian.

On November 30, 2009, it was announced that Clinton was engaged to Marc Mezvinsky, an investment banker. They married on July 31, 2010. On November 14, 2011, Clinton announced joining as a "special correspondent" for NBC News.

In September 2014, Clinton gave birth to a daughter Charlotte. She gave birth to an eldest son Aiden in June 2016.

Her youngest son, Jasper, was born in New York in July 2019.

Crich

Crich ( "kryech") is a village in the English county of Derbyshire. It is the home of the National Tramway Museum in the Crich Tramway Village.

At the top of Crich Hill is a tower. The tower was built to remember members of the regiment who died in battle, particularly in World War I.

The tower was built in 1923 on the site of an older tower called Crich Stand. The Memorial Tower is the end of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July. It is above sea level. The tower has 52 steps to the top. From the top of the tower, eight counties and landmarks such as the Humber Bridge and Lincoln Cathedral can be seen.

Crich is mentioned in 1009 by Ethelred the Unready when he gives away Weston-on-Trent to his minister.

A workhouse opened in 1734 and had 40 people. The workhouse accepted poor people from places, including Melbourne, Pentrich, Willington, Mercaston and Denby.

The television series "Peak Practice" and the 2007 movie ""And When Did You Last See Your Father"" were filmed in Crich.



Edwardian period

The Edwardian era in the United Kingdom is the period which included the reign of King Edward VII (1901–1910). The "Edwardian era" usually includes some years before and after his reign, up to the First World War.

King Edward VII was very different from Queen Victoria. Victoria had become almost a recluse after her husband died. On the other hand, Edward was an important leader. Edward and his fashionable friends followed the art and fashions of other European countries. Edward enjoyed travelling, and his visits to Paris improved relations between the two countries.

The United Kingdom was a powerful nation in the nineteenth century. There was progress in British science and industry at this time. The British Empire was large. The Royal Navy was the most powerful navy in the world at that time. 

The prosperity of the Edwardian era was built on trade and manufacturing. These were the main industries at the time:

The extent of this trade was big. Railways all over the world were built by the British. They were equipped with machinery made in Britain. Germany also became a powerful nation, and the United States was already becoming an industrial giant. By Edward VII's time. Both of these countries were as industrially advanced.

Most British people in the "Edwardian era" were sure that British progress would continue. They were certain that the United Kingdom would continue to be very powerful. The era came to an unexpected end with the First World War. Economically and in human terms, this was a disaster for most of the European nations. 

There was a lot of inequality in society in the United Kingdom in the Edwardian era, as there always had been. Rich people and poor people had very different living standards at this time. 
Most adult men could vote, but women could not. Suffragettes were fighting for the right to vote.



Objectivity (philosophy)

Objectivity is a philosophical opinion or method that believes that reality exists outside of the human mind. People can separate their own ideas and opinions from the observations they make. Objective observations are true no matter who makes the observation. Being objective helps people focus on things that everyone can agree on. 

The Scientific method claims objectivity but see epistemology, the philosophy of science and the work of Karl Popper. The opposite of objectivity is subjectivity.

Rod Paige

Roderick Raynor "Rod" Paige (born June 17, 1933), served as the 7th United States Secretary of Education from 2001 to 2005. He was the first African American to serve as the nation's education chief. He earned a bachelor's degree from Jackson State University in Mississippi and a Master's degree and an Ed.D from Indiana University Bloomington. He also holds an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Houston presented to him in 2000.

Paige was sitting with George W. Bush at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Florida, when Bush received the news that a second plane had hit the World Trade Center in the September 11, 2001 attacks.

On November 15, 2004, Paige announced his resignation after overseeing the President's education agenda for four years. White House domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings was nominated as his successor. The U.S. Senate confirmed her on January 20, 2005 after Bush's inauguration for a second term.

Joshua Bolten

Joshua Brewster Bolten (born August 16, 1954) was the White House Chief of Staff serving U.S. President George W. Bush. Bolten replaced Andrew Card on April 14, 2006.

Alan Stephenson Boyd

Alan Stephenson Boyd (July 20, 1922 – October 18, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the first United States Secretary of Transportation, appointed by Lyndon Johnson in November 1966.

He was appointed to the Civil Aeronautics Board in 1959 by Dwight Eisenhower and promoted to chairman by John F. Kennedy.

When the Richard M. Nixon administration took power, Boyd left the government and became the president of the Illinois Central Railroad, a position he held from 1969 to 1972.

Boyd died at a retirement home in Seattle, Washington on October 18, 2020 at the age of 98.

Mary Peters (politician)

Mary E. Peters (born December 4, 1948) was the United States Secretary of Transportation. She is the second woman and first Arizonan to hold the position. Peters joined the Arizona Department of Transportation in 1985, and was appointed by Gov. Jane Dee Hull to serve as its director in 1998. In 2006, President Bush appointed Peters as the Co-Vice Chairwoman of the National Surface Transportation Policy and Revenue Study Commission.

President-elect

A president-elect is a political candidate who has been elected president but who has not yet taken office.

Flag of Australia

The flag of Australia is a national flag. In 1901, Australia became a single country, instead of six separate colonies. A competition was held to design a new flag for the new country. The winning flag has a blue background, the Union Jack, and six stars. Five stars are in the shape of the constellation the Southern Cross, the other is the Commonwealth Star. The flag has been used from 1903, but did not become the official flag of Australia until 1953.

On 29 April 1901, some private companies with the support of the Australian Government set up a competition to design a new flag for Australia. The prize money was ₤200 including ₤75 from a magazine and ₤50 from a tobacco company. There were 32,823 designs entered into the competition. These were put on show in Melbourne at the Royal Exhibition Building. The judges, from the army, navy, merchant navy, and pilot service, to choose the best flag were:
The judges took eight days to choose a winning flag.

Five flags were almost the same, and they shared first prize. The Prime Minister of Australia, Edmund Barton, announced the winners on 3 September 1901. The winners were:
The winning flag was flown from the top of the Exhibition Building. The Prime Minister Edmund Barton wrote to the Governor-General to get approval from the King for the new flag. This was officially announced on February 20, 1903.

Some of the winning flags had different numbers of points on the stars of the Southern Cross. This was simplified to seven points for the four largest stars and five for the small one. The Commonwealth Star had six points for the six states. This was the design in 1903. In 1912, an extra point was added to the Commonwealth Star for the Territories of Australia.
In 1934, the government published how the Australian flag should be made. The flag of the United Kingdom, the Union Jack was still the official flag in Australia until 1954. By law, only the Australian government was allowed to fly the blue Australian flag. Everyone else that wanted to use an Australian flag used the red one, called the Red Ensign. On 15 March 1941, the Prime Minister of Australia, Robert Menzies, gave permission for the blue flag to be used on public buildings, schools and by the public. Australian ships would use the Red Ensign.

In 1954, the Australian Flag became the official Australian National Flag. The Australian flag is the most important flag flown in Australia, and must be given more importance than flags from other countries. When it is raised or lowered people should face the flag and not talk. It should only be used properly, for example, it can not be used to cover a table or a seat, and it can not be allowed to touch the ground.

The Royal Australian Navy has had its own flag from 1 March 1967. This looks like the national flag but has a white background with blue stars, called the Australian White Ensign. The Royal Australian Air Force got its own flag in 1949. This was changed in 1981 to feature a red kangaroo.

The Queen of Australia has her own flag for use when she visits Australia. The Governor-General of Australia also has a flag which is flown from his or her official house and from his or her car.

2000 United States presidential election

The 2000 United States presidential election happened on November 7, 2000. George W. Bush, the Republican candidate who was the Governor of Texas and the eldest son of the 41st president, George H. W. Bush, won the election. He defeated the Democratic candidate, Al Gore, who was the Vice President.

Incumbent Democratic President Bill Clinton was not eligible to serve a third term, and Vice President Gore was able to secure the Democratic nomination. Bush was seen as the early favorite for the Republican nomination, and despite a contentious primary battle with Senator John McCain and other candidates, secured the nomination by Super Tuesday. Many third-party candidates also ran, most prominently Ralph Nader. Bush chose former Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney as his running mate, and Gore chose Senator Joe Lieberman as his. Both candidates focused primarily on domestic issues, such as the budget, tax relief, and reforms for federal social insurance programs, though the foreign policy was not ignored. Clinton and Gore did not often campaign together, a deliberate decision resulting from the Lewinsky scandal two years prior.

Bush narrowly won the November 7 election, with 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266. There was a disagreement over who won Florida's 25 electoral votes because the way Florida voted was different from other states. A recount happened in the state and the uncommon event that the winner got fewer popular votes than the loser. The Court's decision in Bush v. Gore announced on December 12, 2000, this ended the recounts, effectively awarding Florida's votes to Bush and granting him the victory.

Article Two of the United States Constitution says that for a person to be elected and serve as President of the United States, they must be a natural-born citizen of the United States, at least 35 years old, and a resident of the United States for a period of no less than 14 years.

Candidates for the presidency typically seek the nomination of one of the various political parties of the United States, in which case each party devises a method (such as a primary election) to choose the candidate the party deems best suited to run for the position. The party's delegates then officially nominate a candidate to run on the party's behalf.

President Bill Clinton was unable to seek re-election for a third term because of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution, which states that a president may only serve up to two terms. His term as president ended at noon eastern standard time on January 20, 2001.


2004 United States presidential election

The 2004 United States presidential election happened on November 2, 2004. George W. Bush, the incumbent president and Republican candidate, won reelection. He defeated John Kerry, the Democratic candidate, who was the junior U.S. Senator from Massachusetts. Foreign policy was the biggest issue during the election mainly because of the War on Terrorism and the 2003 Invasion of Iraq.

Since the last presidential election, there were concerns about voting. The winner was not determined until the following day when Kerry decided not to dispute Bush's win in the state of Ohio. The state held enough electoral votes to determine the winner of the presidency. Both Kerry and Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean have stated their opinion that voting in Ohio did not proceed fairly and that, had it done so, the Democratic ticket might have won that state and therefore the election.

Only three states changed which party to vote for. New Mexico and Iowa voted Democratic in 2000, but those states voted Republican in 2004. New Hampshire voted Republican in 2000 but the state voted Democratic in 2004. In the Electoral College, Bush received 286 electoral votes, and Kerry received 251 electoral votes. Kerry was supposed to have 252, but one electoral vote that was supposed to go for Kerry went for his running mate, John Edwards.

Register renaming

In computer engineering, register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialized execution of program instructions because of the reuse of the same registers by those instructions.

Programs are composed of instructions which operate on values. The instructions must name these values in order to distinguish them from one another. A typical instruction might say, add X and Y and put the result in Z. In this instruction, X, Y, and Z are the names of storage locations.

In order to have a compact instruction encoding, most processor instruction sets have a small set of special locations which can be directly named. For example, the x86 instruction set architecture has 8 integer registers, x86-64 has 16, many RISCs have 32, and IA-64 has 128. In smaller processors, the names of these locations correspond directly to elements of a register file.

Different instructions may take different amounts of time (e.g., CISC architecture). For instance, a processor may be able to execute hundreds of instructions while a single load from main memory instruction is in progress. Shorter instructions executed while the load is outstanding will finish first, thus the instructions are finishing out of the original program order. Out-of-order execution has been used in most recent high-performance CPUs to achieve some of their speed gains.

Consider this sequance of instructions running on an out-of-order CPU:

Instructions 4, 5, and 6 are independent of instructions 1, 2, and 3, but the processor cannot finish 4 until 3 is done, because 3 would then write the wrong value.

How to remove restrictions
We can remove this restriction by changing the names of some of the registers, so that the program can be executed faster.

When possible, compilers do this renaming. But compilers are limited by the number of register inside the Central processing unit. Many high performance CPUs have more physical registers than may be named directly in the instruction set and they can rename registers in hardware to achieve better instruction level 

Anything that is read and written can be renamed. While the general-purpose and floating-point registers are the most, flag and status registers or even individual status bits are commonly renamed as well.

Memory locations can also be renamed, although it is not commonly done to the level used in register renaming.

When more than one instruction references a particular location for an operand, either reading it (as an input) or writing it (as an output), executing those instructions in an order different from the original program order can cause to three kinds of problems, also known as hazards:






Chesterfield

Chesterfield is a market town and borough in the county of Derbyshire in the East Midlands of England. It is on the River Rother and the River Hipper. It is Derbyshire's largest town (Derby is a city).

It is a very old town and was founded between 70–100 AD. The town received its market charter from King John in 1204.

It is 24 miles (39 km) north of Derby and 11 miles (18 km) south of Sheffield.

The town is located on the A61 between Derby and Thirsk in North Yorkshire. It is 6 miles (9.7 km) from the M1.

A 2019 census estimated that the borough has around 104,900 residents.

Chesterfield's most famous landmark is Church of St Mary and All Saints. It is famous because of its "crooked spire". The town's football club, Chesterfield F.C., are nicknamed "The Spireites" due to this.

Chesterfield railway station is on the Midland Main Line. Passengers can get local trains to towns and villages around the East Midlands as well as long-distance trains, operated by East Midlands Railway, to London, Sheffield and Nottingham. CrossCountry trains also stop at Chesterfield, providing passengers with direct trains to Birmingham, the North East, Scotland and Cornwall

Chesterfield is twinned with:

Formation and evolution of the Solar System

The formation and evolution of the Solar System describes how the Solar System began, and how it changed. 

About 4.6 billion years ago, there was a large cloud of gas nearby our area of space. All things with mass come together, or gravitate towards one another. This pulled all the gas towards the center. Eventually the pressure at the center raised the temperature so that hydrogen atoms fused together to make helium. This began the star we know as the Sun. 

The process of how solar systems are created is called "the nebular theory". However, "the origin of the planets is not the same as the origin of the Sun". Not only is the Sun very much larger, but its make-up is quite different from the planets.

The spin of the planets around the Sun, and each around its own axis, was first caused by the original gas cloud having different density in different places. The spin increased because of the contraction under gravity (conservation of energy). So did the flatness of the Solar System's shape. As the collapse continued, conservation of angular momentum meant that the rotation accelerated. This largely prevents the gas from sticking onto the central core (the future Sun). The gas is forced to spread outwards near its equatorial plane, forming a disk.

Gravity caused the atoms in the Sun to become very close to each other. All this energy eventually made our Sun into a star. It gets its energy from changing its hydrogen into helium. That process is still in its early stages.

Because of the Sun's huge mass (99.86% of the whole mass of the Solar System), it has very strong gravity. The centrifugal force of the planets going round the Sun balances the gravitational pull of the Sun. The huge density at its core causes a fusion reaction which turns hydrogen into helium with the radiation of heat, light and other forms of electromagnetic radiation.

Rock and dust makes the terrestrial planets, their moons, asteroids and all other objects in the Solar System. The gas giant planets also do have rocky or metallic centres. This is known from the data-gathering by satellites. "This rocky material cannot come from the Sun", because the Sun is all hydrogen and helium.

The next issue is: "if the Sun turns hydrogen into helium, where do all the other elements come from?" There is only one possible answer: these higher elements came from earlier generations of stars. Huge supernovas which exploded billions of years ago in the neighbourhood of the young Solar System produced the higher elements. 

Huge stars run through their life cycle much faster than smaller stars. That is caused by the even higher pressures and temperatures inside them as compared with an average main sequence star like the Sun.

The nebular hypothesis, as it was called, was first worked out in the 18th century. Three men worked on it:

Swedenborg first had the idea, and Kant worked it up into a proper theory. In 1755 Kant published his "Universal natural history and theory of the heavens" (in German, of course). He argued that gaseous clouds, nebulae, slowly rotate, gradually collapse and flatten due to gravity. They eventually form stars and planets.

Meanwhile, a similar model was developed independently and proposed in 1796 by Laplace. in his "Exposition du systeme du monde". He thought that the Sun originally had an extended hot atmosphere throughout the volume of the Solar System. His theory had a contracting and cooling protosolar nebula. As this cooled and contracted, it flattened and spun more rapidly, throwing off (or shedding) a series of gaseous rings of material; and according to him, the planets condensed from this material. His model was similar to Kant's, except more detailed and on a smaller scale. Unfortunately, there was a problem with Laplace's version. The main problem was the angular momentum distribution between the Sun and planets. The planets have 99% of the angular momentum, and this fact could not be explained by the nebular model. It was quite a long time before this was understood. Also. the differences between the planets makes it unlikely that they all had the same origin. 

The birth of the modern widely accepted theory of planetary formation – the solar nebular disk model (SNDM) – is due to the Soviet astronomer Victor Safronov. His book "Evolution of the protoplanetary cloud and formation of the Earth and the planets", translated to English in 1972, had a big effect. In this book almost all major problems of the planetary formation process were formulated and some of them solved. Safronov's ideas were further developed. There are still quite a few aspects of the Solar System which need to be explained. 

Although it originally applied only to our own Solar System, the SNDM is now thought to be the usual way of star formation throughout the universe. As of August 2017, over 3000 extrasolar planets have been discovered in our galaxy. 

The nebular hypothesis says that the Solar System formed from the gravitational collapse of a fragment of a giant molecular cloud. The cloud was about 20 parsec (65 light years) across, while the fragments were roughly 1 parsec (three and a quarter light-years) across.

Because of the conservation of angular momentum, the nebula spun faster as it collapsed. As the material within the nebula condensed, the atoms within it began to collide with increasing frequency, converting their kinetic energy into heat. The center, where most of the mass collected, became increasingly hotter than the surrounding disc. Over about 100,000 years, a hot, dense protostar began at the centre. 

The oldest inclusions found in meteorites may be the first solid material to form in the presolar nebula. They are 4568.2 million years old. This is one definition of the age of the Solar System.

Microarchitecture

In computer engineering, microarchitecture (sometimes abbreviated to µarch or uarch) is a description of the electrical circuitry of a computer, central processing unit, or digital signal processor that is sufficient for completely describing the operation of the hardware.

Scholars use the term "computer organization" while people in the computer industry more often say, "microarchitecture". Microarchitecture and instruction set architecture (ISA), together, constitute the field of computer architecture.

Computers have been using microprogramming of control logic since the 1950s. The CPU decodes the instructions and sends signals down appropriate paths by means of transistor switches. The bits inside the microprogram words controlled the processor at the level of electrical signals.

The term: microarchitecture was used to describe the units that were controlled by the microprogram words, in contrast to the term: "architecture" that was visible and documented for programmers. While architecture usually had to be compatible between hardware generations, the underlying microarchitecture could be easily changed.

The microarchitecture is related to, but not the same as, the instruction set architecture. The instruction set architecture is near to the programming model of a processor as seen by an assembly language programmer or compiler writer, which includes the execution model, processor registers, memory address modes, address and data formats, etc. The microarchitecture (or computer organization) is mainly a lower level structure and therefore manage a large number of details that are hidden in the programming model. It describes the inside parts of the processor and how they work together in order to implement the architectural specification.

Microarchitectual elements may be everything from single logic gates, to registers, lookup tables, multiplexers, counters, etc., to complete ALUs, FPUs and even larger elements. The electronic circuitry level can, in turn, be subdivided into transistor-level details, such as which basic gate-building structures are used and what logic implementation types (static/dynamic, number of phases, etc.) are chosen, in addition to the actual logic design used built them.

A few important points:

A very simplified high level description — common in marketing — may show only fairly basic characteristics, such as bus-widths, along with various types of execution units and other large systems, such as branch prediction and cache memories, pictured as simple blocks — perhaps with some important attributes or characteristics noted. Some details regarding pipeline structure (like fetch, decode, assign, execute, write-back) may sometimes also be included.

The pipelined datapath is the most commonly used datapath design in microarchitecture today. This technique is used in most modern microprocessors, microcontrollers, and DSPs. The pipelined architecture allows multiple instructions to overlap in execution, much like an assembly line. The pipeline includes several different stages which are fundamental in microarchitecture designs. Some of these stages include instruction fetch, instruction decode, execute, and write back. Some architectures include other stages such as memory access. The design of pipelines is one of the central microarchitectural tasks.

Execution units are also essential to microarchitecture. Execution units include arithmetic logic units (ALU), floating point units (FPU), load/store units, and branch prediction. These units perform the operations or calculations of the processor. The choice of the number of execution units, their latency and throughput are important microarchitectural design tasks. The size, latency, throughput and connectivity of memories within the system are also microarchitectural decisions.

System-level design decisions such as whether or not to include peripherals, such as memory controllers, can be considered part of the microarchitectural design process. This includes decisions on the performance-level and connectivity of these peripherals.

Unlike architectural design, where a specific performance level is the main goal, microarchitectural design pays closer attention to other constraints. Attention must be paid to such issues as:


In general, all CPUs, single-chip microprocessors or multi-chip implementations run programs by performing the following steps:

Complicating this simple-looking series of steps is the fact that the memory hierarchy, which includes caching, main memory and non-volatile storage like hard disks, (where the program instructions and data are) has always been slower than the processor itself. Step (2) often introduces a delay (in CPU terms often called a "stall") while the data arrives over the computer bus. A big amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible. Over the years, a central design goal was to execute more instructions in parallel, thus increasing the effective execution speed of a program. These efforts introduced complicated logic and circuit structures.
In the past such techniques could only be implemented on expensive mainframes or supercomputers due to the amount of circuitry needed for these techniques. As semiconductor manufacturing progressed, more and more of these techniques could be implemented on a single semiconductor chip.

What follows is a survey of micro-architectural techniques that are common in modern CPUs. 

The choice of which Instruction Set Architecture to use greatly affects the complexity of implementing high performance devices. Over the years, computer designers did their best to simplify instruction sets, in order to enable higher performance implementations by saving designers effort and time for features which improve performance rather than wasting them on the complexity of instruction set.

Instruction set design has progressed from CISC, RISC, VLIW, EPIC types. Architectures that are dealing with data parallelism include SIMD and Vectors.

One of the first, and most powerful, techniques to improve performance is the use of the instruction pipeline. Early processor designs performed all of the steps above on one instruction before moving onto the next. Large portions of the processor circuitry were left idle at any one step; for instance, the instruction decoding circuitry would be idle during execution and so on.

Pipelines improve performance by allowing a number of instructions to work their way through the processor at the same time. In the same basic example, the processor would start to decode (step 1) a new instruction while the last one was waiting for results. This would allow up to four instructions to be "in flight" at one time, making the processor look four times as fast. Although any one instruction takes just as long to complete (there are still four steps) the CPU as a whole "retires" instructions much faster and can be run at a much higher clock speed.

Improvements in chip manufacturing allowed more circuitry to be placed on the same chip, and designers started looking for ways to use it. One of the most common ways was to add an ever-increasing amount of cache memory on-chip. Cache is a very fast memory, memory that can be accessed in a few cycles as compared to what is needed to talk to main memory. The CPU includes a cache controller which automates reading and writing from the cache, if the data is already in the cache it simply "appears," whereas if it is not the processor is "stalled" while the cache controller reads it in.

RISC designs started adding cache in the mid-to-late 1980s, often only 4 KB in total. This number grew over time, and typical CPUs now have about 512 KB, while more powerful CPUs come with 1 or 2 or even 4, 6, 8 or 12 MB, organized in multiple levels of a memory hierarchy. Generally speaking, more cache means more speed.

Caches and pipelines were a perfect match for each other. Previously, it didn't make much sense to build a pipeline that could run faster than the access latency of off-chip cash memory. Using on-chip cache memory instead, meant that a pipeline could run at the speed of the cache access latency, a much smaller length of time. This allowed the operating frequencies of processors to increase at a much faster rate than that of off-chip memory.

Pipeline stalls and flushes due to branches are the two main things preventing achieving higher performance through instruction level parallelism. The from time that the processor's instruction decoder has found that it has encountered a conditional branch instruction to the time that the deciding jumping register value can be read out, the pipeline might be stalled for several cycles. On average, every fifth instruction executed is a branch, so that's a high amount of stalling. If the branch is taken, its even worse, as then all of the subsequent instructions which were in the pipeline needs to be flushed.

Techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to reduce these branch penalties. Branch prediction is where the hardware makes educated guesses on whether a particular branch will be taken. The guess allows the hardware to prefetch instructions without waiting for the register read. Speculative execution is a further enhancement in which the code along the predicted path is executed before it is known whether the branch should be taken or not.

The addition of caches reduces the frequency or duration of stalls due to waiting for data to be fetched from the main memory hierarchy, but does not get rid of these stalls entirely. In early designs a "cache miss" would force the cache controller to stall the processor and wait. Of course there may be some other instruction in the program whose data "is" available in the cache at that point. Out-of-order execution allows that ready instruction to be processed while an older instruction waits on the cache, then re-orders the results to make it appear that everything happened in the programmed order.

Even with all of the added complexity and gates needed to support the concepts outlined above, improvements in semiconductor manufacturing soon allowed even more logic gates to be used.

In the outline above the processor processes parts of a single instruction at a time. Computer programs could be executed faster if multiple instructions were processed simultaneously. This is what superscalar processors achieve, by replicating functional units such as ALUs. The replication of functional units was only made possible when the integrated circuit (some times called "die") area of a single-issue processor no longer stretched the limits of what could be reliably manufactured. By the late 1980s, superscalar designs started to enter the market place.

In modern designs it is common to find two load units, one store (many instructions have no results to store), two or more integer math units, two or more floating point units, and often a SIMD unit of some sort. The instruction issue logic grows in complexity by reading in a huge list of instructions from memory and handing them off to the different execution units that are idle at that point. The results are then collected and re-ordered at the end.

Register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialized execution of program instructions because of the reuse of the same registers by those instructions. Suppose we have to groups of instruction that will use the same register, one set of instruction is executed first to leave the register to the other set, but if the other set is assigned to a different similar register both sets of instructions can be executed in parallel.

Due to the growing gap between CPU operating frequencies and DRAM access times, none of the techniques that enhance instruction-level parallelism (ILP) within one program could overcome the long stalls (delays) that occurred when data had to be fetched from main memory. Additionally, the large transistor counts and high operating frequencies needed for the more advanced ILP techniques required power dissipation levels that could no longer be cheaply cooled. For these reasons, newer generations of computers have started to utilize higher levels of parallelism that exist outside of a single program or program thread.

This trend is sometimes known as "throughput computing". This idea originated in the mainframe market where online transaction processing emphasized not just the execution speed of one transaction, but the capacity to deal with big numbers of transactions at the same time. With transaction-based applications such as network routing and web-site serving greatly increasing in the last decade, the computer industry has re-emphasized capacity and throughput issues.

One technique of how this parallelism is achieved is through multiprocessing systems, computer systems with multiple CPUs. In the past this was reserved for high-end mainframes but now small scale (2-8) multiprocessors servers have become commonplace for the small business market. For large corporations, large scale (16-256) multiprocessors are common. Even personal computers with multiple CPUs have appeared since the 1990s.

Advances in semiconductor technology reduced transistor size; multicore CPUs have appeared where multiple CPUs are implemented on the same silicon chip. Initially used in-chips targeting embedded markets, where simpler and smaller CPUs would allow multiple instantiations to fit on one piece of silicon. By 2005, semiconductor technology allowed dual high-end desktop CPUs "CMP" chips to be manufactured in volume. Some designs, such as UltraSPARC T1 used a simpler (scalar, in-order) designs in order to fit more processors on one piece of silicon.

Recently, another technique that has become more popular is multithreading. In multithreading, when the processor has to fetch data from slow system memory, instead of stalling for the data to arrive, the processor switches to another program or program thread which is ready to execute. Though this does not speed up a particular program/thread, it increases the overall system throughput by reducing the time the CPU is idle.

Conceptually, multithreading is equivalent to a context switch at the operating system level. The difference is that a multithreaded CPU can do a thread switch in one CPU cycle instead of the hundreds or thousands of CPU cycles a context switch normally requires. This is achieved by replicating the state hardware (such as the register file and program counter) for each active thread.

A further enhancement is simultaneous multithreading. This technique allows superscalar CPUs to execute instructions from different programs/threads simultaneously in the same cycle.




Southampton Corporation Tramways

Southampton Corporation Tramways was a transport company that opened in 1879 and closed in 1949. At first the trams were horse-drawn, but later they were powered by electricity.

Southampton, a city of the United Kingdom located in Hampshire, was becoming bigger in the nineteenth century. The population was 27,000 people in 1841. This was because the docks were becoming much more used. Also, a railway openened in 1839 and a horse-drawn omnibus service started at as well. By 1843 a regular service was running from the station to Millbrook, Eling, Bitterne, Shirley, Portswood, Totton and Romsey. Because of this, by 1861 the population had become 42,000.

By 1872 tramways were a lot more popular. The British and Foreign Tramway Company contacted Southampton Corporation with an idea to set up a tramway in the town. Lots of people were against the idea. The Corporation did not allow tram tracks to be put in the High Street and Above Bar. The British and Foreign Tramway Company stopped thinking about the idea.

In 1876 Southampton Corporation saw that their public transport was not as good as the public transport in other cities. The Southampton Tramways Company was made to build a new tramway system. The tramway started to be built in the summer of 1878.

The first tram ran on 5 May 1879. The tramway made £26. Many people did not want the trams to run on a Sunday, and 3,500 people put their names on a petition to stop the trams running on a Sunday. The company's manager said that there were lots of people who rode on the trams on Sunday and that the service would continue. If the service made money on a Sunday, then the trams would keep running. The first tram route that opened was Stag Gate - Holy Rood. A second route opened on 6 May 1879 which was Alma Road - Canute Road - Oxford Street - High Street - Floating Dock and Stag Gates - Lodge Road - Portswood. The Tramway Junction - Commercial Road - Shirley route opened on 9 June 1879.

The company got into some trouble soon after it opened. One of the managers ran away with some money to America in 1881. Another manager got the sack in 1882 because there was a problem with the company's money. By 1887 though the company had recovered. It had a good financial base to stand on, and it was paying divedends of 8% a year to its shareholders. On the 22 October 1889, the Portswood route ran via Spear Road and Avenue Road. Fares cost less money in 1896 because they changed from 3 to 2 for "through routes". The tram times became two times as fast to every 5 minutes from Stag Gates to Holy Rood. Four new trams and forty horses were needed to run this service.

The Southampton Tramway Company was bought by Southampton Corporation on 30 June 1898 for £51,000.

The tramway had twenty-three tramcars when it was bought in 1898. They were:

Southampton Corporation bought the Southampton Electric Light and Power Company in 1896. Two years later in 1898 it bought the Southampton Tramway Company two years later in 1898. This allowed them to change the town's tramway system to electricity instead of horse power. In 1899 a group of people from the Corporation visited tram systems in Bradford, Dover, Glasgow, Liverpool and London for ideas. They decided that Southampton's was going to be based on Liverpool's. The first electric tram route from Junction to Shirley opened on 22 January 1900. The second route from Stag Gates to Holy Road via Prospect Place opened on 29 May 1900. Over the next 3 years the system slowly got bigger. The following routes opened:
The last route to open as part of the first stage of the electrified system was Portswood - Hampton Park on 25 July 1903.

Before World War One more routes were added:

After the war, more new routes were added:

After thiese additions, the system was at its biggest. The only new lines opened after this were to miss out the Bargate Arch in Southampton. The east side opened on 24 April 1932 and the west side on 5 June 1938.

Before World War 2, two routes were also closed. Roberts Road - Millbrook closed on 2 October 1935 except for workmen's services. It did however re-open whilst the war was happening. The second route to close was Clock Tower - Northam Bridge, which closed on 4 June 1926.

When the electrified system opened it needed some new tramcars to replace the horse drawn ones. The first trams used on the system were built by G F Milnes & Co., Birkenhead. They had open upper deck had back-to-back "knifeboard" seats so that they could fit under Bargate arch. No.2 was changed into a ""toastrack"" car in 1916. It was sold to Portsmouth in 1919 where it became Number 104. In 1903 twelve trams were built by Hurst, Nelson & Co. The trams originally had three windows on each side on the bottom deck. This was later chnged to have four windows on each side because the original design did not give enough support for the top deck. Two bogie trams were ordered in 1910. This order was later cancelled. The system also bought six ex-London County Council Tramways cars with enclosed upper decks. These were numbered 75-80. A final sixteen trams were bought in 1918. As well as these, a number of trams were built by the tramway:

Before 1932, the only road route between Southampton High Street and Above Bar was through the arch in the centre of the Bargate. In 1923 a new design of enclosed double deck tram was built by P.J Baker, General Manager of the tramways. It had a rounded top that would fit through the arch. These trams had smaller wheels to help reduce the tram's height. They were driven by high speed motors which produced more torque. However, the roadway through the arch in the Bargate still had to be lowered to allow the trams to pass through the arch. Some secret changing of the profile of the arch's masonry was also needed at the last minute. Trams started to pass around the East of the Bargate on 24 April 1932. The last tram to pass through the central archway did so on 4 June 1938. By this time part of Southampton ancient walls had been demolished so that the Bargate was passable on both sides.

Southampton Tramways were mainly affected by staffing issues during World War I. To try and stop this women were allowed to become "conductorettes". Because of this toastrack tram No.2 had a gangway cut through the middle of it. In the early years of the war a tram went round Southampton for two hours twice a week. It had a military band playing on the top deck. This was an effort to try and boost recruitment.

World War II affected Southampton much more than World War One. Women were again employed by the company. Unlike in World War I though they were allowed to drive the trams this time.

Car No.31 was destroyed by an incendiary bomb on 30 November 1940. It was the only tram to be destroyed during the war. To save the fleet of trams from the intensive bombing of Southampton during World War II they were painted grey. Regular services stopped at 7pm and they were parked up overnight in Cemetery Road on Southampton Common for the same reason.

In November 1942, a tram was accidentally set in motion whilst parked up overnight. It took two other trams with it. The unmanned convoy of trams was stopped by a lorry before anybody was hurt. The incident caused some worry locally because it was thought that saboteurs were responsible. It later emerged that the incident was due to a young boy playing on the trams.

The trams in Southampton made good profits for Southampton Corporation. However the Corporation had not put those profits back into the tram system. Because of this the whole system needed modernisation by the end of the Second World War. This included the trams, the power supply and the track.

It was decided that buses were a better alternative to modernising the trams. The tramway system therefore closed. The first line to close was Bitterne Park - St. Mary's - Docks on 15 May 1948. Swaythling - Portswood - Lodge Road - Stag Gates closed on 30 October 1948. Swaythling - Burgess Road - Bassett Crossroads - Avenue Junction closed on 5 March 1949. Floating Bridge - Shirley, Holy Rood - High Street - Royal Pier and Roberts Road - Millbrook all closed on 31 December 1949. The last movement of a tram in Southampton was on 4 February 1950 when cars No.21 and No.101 were moved from Shirley depot to Portswood depot under their own power. After the system closed some trams were sold to Leeds. The majority though were sent to A F Harris's scrapyard at Bevois Valley for scrapping. A few were sold on from there to be used as sheds or summer houses. This allowed some trams to be preserved.

Three Southampton trams have survived.


Can't Stop This Thing We Started

"Can't Stop This Thing We Started" is a song by Bryan Adams. The song was the second single from Adams' 1991 album "Waking Up the Neighbours", a successor of the single "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You".

The song is a rock song unlike "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You". It reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100, behind Prince's "Cream". This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance, Solo. It did not win either award.


Graeme Pollock

Robert Graeme Pollock, known as Graeme, (born 27 February 1944 in Durban, Natal, South Africa) was a national cricketer for South Africa. He played in 23 test matches for his country.

He comes from a famous cricketing family, Pollock is widely seen as South Africa's greatest cricketer, and as one of the best left-handed batsmen to have played Test cricket. 

He won many awards, including:

Donald Bradman said that Pollock and Sir Garfield Sobers were the best left-handers Bradman had ever seen play cricket.

Garfield Sobers

Sir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers (born 28 July 1936 in Bridgetown, Barbados) is a former West Indian cricketer. He is often known as Garry.

Sobers was a very good batsman and highly effective bowler. He was able to bowl both fast and as a spinner. Sobers is widely regarded as the greatest all rounder of all time and, with Sir Donald Bradman, as one of the greatest cricketers of any type.

Uttoxeter

Uttoxeter is a small market town and civil parish in East Staffordshire, Staffordshire, England. In 2001, 12,023 people lived there. This number was expected to grow when new developments in the town finished. Uttoxeter is close to the River Dove. It is near the cities of Stoke-on-Trent, Derby and Lichfield. It is twinned with Raisdorf in Germany (with whom close links are still maintained), and Fumel in France.

European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo

The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo also called EULEX Kosovo is a contract between the European Union and Kosovo. With this, certain states of the European Union will send police forces as well as lawyers to help make Kosovo more secure. This is what was agreed by the Ahtisaari plan. The idea is to continue the presence of foreign police forces to help the police in Kosovo, as planned under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244. Russia and Serbia see this mission as illegal. The plan was to have 2.000 police force and lawyers on the ground. The mission started to deploy its forces on 16 February 2008. Currently only 400 of the some 1,900 police officers and judges foreseen by the EULEX mission are in place.

The European Council agreed on sending 1800 to 1900 people on 14 December 2007. Because of the unstable political climate, this force was later increased to 2000 people. Primarily this was done because it was impossible to reach an agreement with Serbia. The force is made up mainly of police officers. Some of the officers have received training on how to control rioting crowds. Some people of the force are prosecutors and judges. Because the force is so big, there would be more EU civil servants doing their job there, rather than in Brussels. Chief of the mission is Yves de Kermabon, who is accountable to the European Union Special Representative in Kosovo, Pieter Feith. The mission is expected to cost €165 million in its first year.

The final decision on the mission was planned to be taken on 28 January 2008. This was postponed due to concerns over possible negative effects on the second round of the presidential election in Serbia on 3 February 2008 and the possible signing of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement with Serbia on that date. The officially voiced reason for the postponement is the lack of a legal basis (through a UNSC resolution or something similar) for the mission. A Joint Action was approved on 4 February 2008, meaning that only the final approval is required; it is expected to be given on 18 February 2008.

There are still questions on how this mission should replace the UN administration in Kosovo. Until these are answered, Spain will not take part in the mission. Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Ángel Moratinos told a meeting of European Union Foreign Ministers that Spain will not send its contingent to the EULEX mission until there has been a formal transfer of powers from the United Nations.

Apart from EU members, third parties Turkey, Switzerland, Norway and the United States will also take part.

The countries of the European Union were divided. Some recognised Kosovo, whilst others did not. The current Presidency of the European Council said that countries could send people to take part in the mission, even without recognising Kosovo as an independent state.

According to the EU, the mission will be based on United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244. This resolution introduced international rule in Kosovo in 1999. The EU force has not yet received a new UN Security Council directive, because Russia opposed it. Russia blocked the transfer of the UN mission to the EU. According to Serbia, the mission implies that the EU recognises Kosovo as an independent state.



Terry Nation

Terry Nation (August 8 1930 – March 9 1997) was a Welsh television screenwriter. 

He is best known for creating the Daleks in 1963 in the long-running science fiction television series "Doctor Who". Nation also created two science-fiction shows - Survivors and "Blake's 7.

Rogério Ceni

Rogério Mücke Ceni (born 22 January 1973) better known as Rogério Ceni, is a retired Brazilian football player. He was a goalkeeper. He played for the football team São Paulo from 1990 to 2015. Ceni had been the holder of his position since 1997. He retired in December 2015.

373||43||49||2||121||11||543||56
373||43||49||2||121||11||543||56

!Total||15||0

Sinop

São Paulo

Brazil

Individual

Fortaleza

Flamengo

Individual


Inauguration

Inauguration is a ceremony marking the beginning of a politician taking office or the opening of, for example, a bridge.

When a politician, for example a President, takes office, he may make an oath of office in front of an audience as part of the inauguration ceremony.

The Inauguration of the President of the United States takes place on January 20 in the year after an election. 


Beige

Beige is a very pale brown color. 

The name comes from "beige cloth", a woolen fabric left in its natural color. It then came to be used for a range of light tints of yellow chosen for their neutral or pale warm colored appearance. 

In the 1920s, the meaning of the term "beige" expanded to the point where it is now also used for not only for pale yellows but also for a wide range of pale brown shades.

The first recorded use of "beige" as a color name in English was in 1887. 

The color beige means neutral, calm, and relaxing.



Fahmida Mirza

Dr. Fahmida Mirza (), sometimes also spelled as Fehmida Mirza (born December 20, 1956), is a medical doctor, agriculturist and businesswoman from Hyderabad, Sindh, Pakistan. She was elected as the first female Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan on March 19, 2008. She is also the first female parliamentary speaker in the Muslim world.

Dominion of Pakistan

The Dominion of Pakistan was an independent federal dominion in the British Commonwealth of Nations within the British Empire that was created in 1947 in the partition of British India into two sovereign dominions (the other being the Union of India). The Dominion of Pakistan was under the autonomy of the British Empire and existed as an autonomous region of the Commonwealth. It existed between 14 August 1947 and 23 March 1956 when the dominion was dissolved and Pakistan officially gained full independence from the British Empire and became an independent republic.

The dominion included modern-day Pakistan (called West Pakistan) and Bangladesh (East Pakistan). It was supposed to be a homeland for the Muslims of the Indian sub-continent and of the former British India. It became the Islamic Republic of Pakistan in 1956. The eastern part of the country became independent as the People's Republic of Bangladesh in 1971.

Rubens Barrichello

Rubens Gonçalves "Rubinho" Barrichello (born May 23, 1972 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver. Driving for the Brawn GP team, Barrichello finished third in the 2009 championship. He raced for WilliamsF1 in 2010, and will race for Williams in 2011.

 Season in progress.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races 
in "italics" indicate fastest lap)

 Season in progress.

Digital signal processor

A digital signal processor (DSP or DSP micro) is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing, generally used in real-time computing.

Digital signal processing algorithms require a large number of mathematical operations to be performed quickly on a set of data. Signals are converted from analog to digital, manipulated digitally, and then converted again to form digital to analog, as shown in the diagram. Many digital signal processing applications have real-time constraints; that is, for the system to work, the DSP operation must be completed within some time limit.

The microarchitecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing applications.


Lies for the Liars

Lies for the Liars is a full-length album released in 2007 by The Used.


"Smother Me" ends at 4:20 but runs to 6:17 due to the addition of a hidden track titled "Queso". "Queso" is a 30 second song that is about a quesadilla. Though it was first released on The Used's MySpace in late 2006, most fans talked about it on message boards and thought of it as a joke - it was not expected to actually be on the album.

"Lies for the Liars" contains emotive, heartfelt and sometimes sarcastic or Gothic lyrics. It has more swearing than previous The Used albums, but this is used on fewer songs. For example, "Liar Liar (Burn in Hell)" swears 10 times.

The first song "The Ripper" has an ending that makes the CD appear to be stuck, but its only part of the song.

If Only You Were Lonely

If Only You Were Lonely is the second album released by Hawthorne Heights. Many listeners consider the album more on the dark side, than the first Hawthorne Heights album.

The album includes a few songs where death growls are absent, and others where it is only used in a small part of the song, to make it fit better. Previously, they would use these harsh vocals a lot more.

It had three singles: "Saying Sorry", "This is Who We Are" and "Pens and Needles".

Digital signal processing

Digital signal processing (DSP) is concerned with the processing of digital signals or analog signals after converting from analog to digital format.
DSP includes subfields like: communication signals processing, radar signal processing, sensor array processing, digital image processing, etc.

DSP is usually used with real-world analog signals found in our lives. The first step is usually to convert the signal from an analog to a digital form, by using an analog-to-digital converter. Often, the required output signal is another real-world analog signal, which requires a digital-to-analog converter.

Digital signal processing algorithms can run on:



Avaí FC

Avaí Futebol Clube, or Avaí as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Florianópolis in Santa Catarina, founded on September 1, 1923. It became nationally known after the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten declared to be a supporter of Avaí.
Home stadium is the Ressacada stadium, capacity 19,000. They play in blue shirts, shorts and socks.

The club was founded after a businessman called Amadeu Horn gave football kits to a group of boys. These boys played a match against a team called Humaitá, and won. On September 1, 1923, at Amadeu Horn's house, the club was founded, being called at that time Avahy Football Club. The team was named Avahy after the Battle of Avahy, in the Paraguayan War In the following year, it became the first Santa Catarina State Championship champion.

Avaí played the Brazilian First Division ("Série A") four times: in 1974, 1976, 1977 and 1979. In 1998, it won its only national title, the Brazilian Third Division ("Série C"). Since 1999, it plays the Série B and the best campaigns happened in 2001 and 2004, when Avaí reached the Final Four, but could not be promoted to the First Division (only the two best placed teams were promoted). Avaí is the club with more titles won in the Santa Catarina State Championship in the 20th century (13).





Avaí's stadium is Estádio da Ressacada, inaugurated in 1983, with a maximum capacity of 19,000 people.








Avaí's greatest rival is Figueirense F.C..



Estádio da Ressacada

The Estádio Aderbal Ramos da Silva, usually called Estádio da Ressacada or just Ressacada, is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15, 1983 in Carianos neighborhood, Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, Brazil, with a maximum capacity of approximately 19,000 people. The stadium is owned by Avaí. Its formal name honors Aderbal Ramos da Silva, who was president of the Santa Catarina Football Federation and was also governor of the state.

Several matches of the Brazilian football team, as well as the Brazilian Olympic team were played at Ressacada Stadium.

This stadium should not be confused with Blumenau's stadium, which is also called Estádio Aderbal Ramos da Silva, however it is nicknamed DEBA, and has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.

In 1982, to replace the old Estádio Adolfo Konder, Avaí bought a groundplot close to the city's airport (Hercílio Luz International Airport). The construction works were led by Cairo Bueno, and the stadium was designed by the architect Davi Ferreira Lima.

The inaugural match was played on November 15, 1983, when Vasco da Gama beat Avaí 6-1. The first goal of the stadium was scored by Vasco da Gama's Wilson Tadei.

On May 31, 1986, the stadium lights were inaugurated.

The stadium's attendance record currently stands at 19,000, set on July 17, 1988 when Avaí beat Blumenau 2-0, for the Campeonato Catarinense final.



Ford Anglia

The Ford Anglia was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1939 through 1967.

Flag of France

The Flag of France is called the "Tricolour" (). It was adopted 15 February 1794. It is blue, white and red. Valéry Giscard d'Estaing chose the current colors.

There were a lot of flags in the history of France. 

Coat of arms of France

The national emblem of France has been a symbol of the country since 1953. It is not officially the coat of Arms but it appears on French passports.

On it you can see:

Democratic socialism

Democratic socialism is a variant of socialism where the government is organized by democracy. In short, it believes that social and economic decisions should be made by those whom they most affect. 

The combination of the two ideologies of democracy and socialism make democratic socialism. Democratic socialists believe that both the economy and society should be run democratically—to meet public needs, not to make profits for a few. To achieve a more just society, many structures of the government and economy must be radically transformed through greater economic and social democracy so that ordinary citizens can participate in the many decisions that affect their lives. Democratic socialists do not want to create an all-powerful government bureaucracy, but at the same time do not want big corporate bureaucracies to control our society either. 

Examples of democratic socialists include Salvador Allende, the democratically elected President of Chile who was overthrown by a US-backed coup; Evo Morales, the former president of Bolivia; and the United Kingdom Parliament's former Leader of the Opposition Jeremy Corbyn.

Democratic socialism is different from Marxism-Leninism, which believes in single party rule, contrasted to the democratic policies of democratic socialism. It is also different than social democracy, which calls for keynesian capitalism, where a competitive, capitalist economy exists, but with the government stepping in to protect consumers, as well as state-controlled programs like welfare and universal healthcare.


Opel Sintra

The Opel Sintra is a large MPV produced by the German automaker Opel from 1996 to 1999. The Sintra is branded as Opel in Europe and Vauxhall in Great Britain. It was a European version of GM’s U-Body minivans and built on the same production line in Doraville, Georgia.

The reason the Sintra was not a success was because EuroNCAP tested a 1998 model and found it only scored 2.5 Stars, forcing Opel and Vauxhall to drop the model in early 1999. The model was criticised for its dull styling and poor build quality as well as being unsatisfying to own. Because the Astra-Based Zafira MPV debuted when the Sintra finished production in 1999, sometimes it is said that the Zafira replaced the Sintra, but actually Opel never had another Large MPV after the Sintra and then eventually Opel abandoned the Large MPV market in Europe.

Opel Zafira

Opel Zafira is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel since 1999, and is branded as Vauxhall Zafira in Great Britain.

The Zafira is sometimes said to be the replacement of the Sintra, because it was introduced roughly around the same time it was discontinued. Also, they were both minivans. However, the Zafira was in a different segment, and Opel had not intended this.

Opel Vectra

Opel Vectra was a car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 1988 to 2008 and branded as Opel in Europe (except for the United Kingdom), Vauxhall in the United Kingdom and The Republic of Ireland, Holden in Australia and in New Zealand, and Chevrolet in Latin America.

It was produced from August 1988 to September 2008, when it was replaced by the European Car of the Year award-winning Insignia.

The first generation was made between October 1988 and October 1995, it was sold In the UK as the third and last generation Vauxhall Cavalier. There was no estate/wagon version of it and was facelifted in 1992. 



The second generation was made between October 1995 and May 2002 and was sold as a Vauxhall in the UK. An estate/wagon version was added in October 1996 and was facelifted in April 1999. In the UK, the car was heavily criticised by well known motoring journalist and TV presenter Jeremy Clarkson, but that didn't stop it from being popular there. 


The third and final generation launched in June 2002 with hatchback and saloon/sedan models while the related Signum hatchback appeared in June 2003 with an estate/wagon launching that October, as usual, it's sold as a Vauxhall in the UK. It was facelifted in October 2005 and was replaced by the Insignia in late 2008. 


A (disambiguation)

A is the first letter of the alphabet. It may also refer to:


Poison dart frog

Poison dart frog is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae. They are native to Central and South America. 

Unlike many frogs, these are active during the day. They often have brightly-coloured bodies, which act as warning colouration. All dendrobatids are at least somewhat toxic. In the wild, frogs of different species and in different places may have very different levels of toxicity. Many species are critically endangered. 

Poison dart frogs are poisonous because they eat ants and other small insects that have toxins in their bodies. If an animal eats the frog, it will become very sick. 

Many poison dart frogs secrete alkaloid toxins through their skin. Alkaloids in the skin glands of poison frogs serve as a chemical defense against predation. They are able to be active alongside potential predators during the day. About 28 structural classes of alkaloids are known in poison frogs. 

The most toxic of poison dart frog species is "Phyllobates terribilis". As mentioned above, dart frogs do not make their own poisons, but keep (sequester) the chemicals from arthropod prey, such as ants, centipedes and mites. This is the diet-toxicity hypothesis. Because of this, captive-bred animals do not have significant levels of toxins: they are reared on diets that do not have the alkaloids used by wild populations. Nonetheless, the captive-bred frogs can store up alkaloids if they get an alkaloid-containing diet. 

Most wild species are not lethal to their predators, but rather taste foul enough that frogs are released immediately. Despite the toxins used by some poison dart frogs, some predators can withstand them. One is the snake "Leimadophis epinephelus", which has developed immunity to the poison.

Dart frogs are the focus of many studies. Their scientific names may sometimes change. Family Dendrobatidae was revised in 2006 and now has 12 genera, with about 170 species.

Some poison dart frog species include a number of color morphs that evolved as recently as 6,000 years ago. 

Predation does influence the evolution of polymorphism, for example, in "O. granulifera". Sexual selection has contributed to differentiation among the Bocas del Toro populations of "Oophaga pumilio".


Dyeing Poison Frog. ARKive, n.d. Web. 17 Jan. 2013. <http://www.arkive.org/ >.

Golden dart frog

The golden dart frog ("Phyllobates terribilis") is a poison dart frog. It lives in the Pacific coast of Colombia.

In captivity, poison dart frogs are not poisonous. It is in the wild where they are poisonous because of what they eat. This amphibian of the Dendrobatidae family is considered the most poisonous vertebrate in the world. The optimal habitat of "P. terribilis" is the rainforest with high rain rates (5 m. or more), altitude between 100-200 m, temperature of 26 °C, and relative humidity of 80-90%.

The high toxicity of "P. terribilis" may be due to eating small insects or other arthropods, and one of these may truly be the most poisonous creature on Earth. Scientists have suggested the crucial insect may be a small beetle from the family Melyridae. At least one species of these beetles produces the same toxin found in "P. terribilis". Their relatives in Colombian rainforests could be the source of the batrachotoxins found in the highly toxic "Phyllobates" frogs of that region.

Mercedes-Benz R-Class

Mercedes-Benz R-Class is a car made by Mercedes-Benz introduced in 2005. The model wasn't a strong seller for Mecedes-Benz and was discontinued in 2012 without a replacement. 

Mercedes-Benz C-Class

Mercedes-Benz C-Class is a luxury car made by Mercedes-Benz since 1993. It is currently in its fourth generation. The C-Class is the most popular Mercedes-Benz. It is the main competitor of the BMW 3 Series and Audi A4. The interior is made up of soft-touch leather and aluminium. It is priced in between the A-Class and the E–Class. To be more specific, a base model C-Class can be priced at around 41,000 dollars.

Ford F-Series

The Ford F-Series is a series of pickup trucks produced by Ford Motor Company since 1948. It is currently in its Thirteenth Generation. The most popular variant of the F-Series is the F-150. It was the best-selling vehicle of its time, the most popular pickup truck for 23 years and the most popular truck for 33 years. This does not include combined sales of General Motors pickup trucks. Millions of the F-Series trucks were sold in the United States and other parts of the world, including Europe, Asia and Australia. For the 2010 model year, the SVT Raptor high-performance truck was introduced. Unlike its Lightning predecessor, it was a vehicle meant for off-road driving.

European Council

The European Council (referred to as a European Summit) is the highest political body of the European Union. It is made of all the heads of state or government of the Union's member states and with the President of the European Commission. The country which holds the Presidency of the Council of the European Union also leads its assemblies.

The Council has no formal executive or legislative powers. It is an institution that deals with very important issues and any decisions made are "a major impetus in defining the general political guidelines of the European Union". The Council meets at least twice a year; usually in the Justus Lipsius building, the quarters of the Council of the European Union (Consilium) of Brussels. 

Nick Jonas

Nicholas Jerry Jonas (born September 16, 1992) is an American singer-songwriter and actor.

Jonas formed a band with his older brothers, Joe and Kevin, known as the Jonas Brothers. The group released their debut studio album "It's About Time". The band became a Disney favorite and later starred in "Camp Rock" (2008) and its sequel "" (2010) as well as two of their own series, "" (2008–2010) and "Jonas" (2009–2010).

In 2017, Jonas appeared in the adventure comedy movie "".

Jonas is married to Indian actress and singer Priyanka Chopra. In January 2022, the couple had their first child, via surrogacy.


Solo albums

with The Administration

with the Jonas Brothers





Joe Jonas

Joseph Adam Jonas (born August 15, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter, and actor. He became known as a member of the pop rock band the Jonas Brothers, alongside his brothers Kevin and Nick.

He starred in "Camp Rock" (2008) and its sequel "" (2010) as well as two television series, "" (2008–2010) and "Jonas" (2009–2010).

After the Jonas Brothers officially split-up, Jonas formed the funk-pop band DNCE in 2015. The group became well known for their debut single "Cake by the Ocean", which peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States.

In 2019, he married English actress Sophie Turner and they have two daughters together. On September 5, 2023, Jonas filed for divorce from Turner.

INSEE

INSEE () is the French national institute for Statistics and Economic studies. The INSEE was created in 1946. It replaced the National Statistics Service (SNS) which was created under the "Vichy government" during World War II.

INSEE codes (or COG) are given to Communes in France. They consist of 8 digits (numbers) but there is a simple version with 5 digits. The first two digits (3 for Overseas France) are the number of the department. The other 2 (or 3) numbers are the number of the commune. The INSEE code is not the same as the postcode.

Anhedonia

In psychology, anhedonia (< Greek αν- an-, "without" + ηδονή hēdonē, "pleasure" ) is not being able to feel pleasure. This may include not enjoying things like eating, exercise, watching movies, meeting friends, social activities, or sexual interaction and activity.

In most cases, anhedonia is caused by mental disorders. It happens in some severe cases of depression and it is a common symptom of schizophrenia, schizoid personality disorder and major depressive disorder.


CFP franc

The CFP franc (usually just called "franc") is the currency used in some of France's overseas colonies (French Polynesia, New Caledonia and Wallis and Futuna). It was created in December 1945. The initials "CFP" originally stood for "Colonies françaises du Pacifique" ("French colonies of the Pacific") but now officially stand for "Change Franc Pacifique" ("Pacific Franc Exchange"). There are 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 CFP franc coins and 500, 1000, 5000 and 10 000 CFP franc banknotes. An ordinance of September 15, 2021, which entered into force on February 26, 2022, defines the name CFP franc as the "franc of the French communities of the Pacific"..

Pierre Corneille

Pierre Corneille (June 6, 1606 – October 1, 1684) was a French playwright. He is one of the most famous 17th century French dramatists. Some others are Molière and Racine. He has been called “the founder of French tragedy” and produced plays for nearly forty years. 


Jean Racine

Jean Racine (December 22, 1639 – April 21, 1699) was a French playwright. He was one of the most famous of the 17th century in France (with Molière and Corneille). Racine was mostly a tragedian, even though he did write one comedy.


Hurricane Iniki

Hurricane Iniki was the 10th hurricane and the 7th major hurricane of the 1992 Pacific hurricane season. Iniki was a powerful hurricane that affected Hawaii, just weeks after Hurricane Andrew stuck Florida during the Atlantic hurricane season.

The origin of Iniki is unclear, but it possibly began as a tropical wave that moved off the African coast on August 18. It moved westward across the unfavorable Atlantic Ocean and crossed Central America into the Pacific on the 28th. the shock wave continued to go west, and remained disorganized. Conditions slowly became more favorable, and, as the convection concentrated around a center, the wave was classified Tropical Depression Eighteen-E on September 5, located 1,700 miles (2700 km) southwest of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico or 1550 miles (2500 km) east-southeast of Hilo, Hawaii. The depression continued quickly westward and remained weak until the 8th, when it slowed enough to strengthen to a tropical storm. Iniki continued to get stronger and became a hurricane on September 9. It turned north towards Hawaii and became major Hurricane the next day. On September 11, Iniki peaked as Category 4 hurricane and hit Hawaii with wind of 145 mph. Hurricane Iniki rapidly weakened and went extra tropical Midway between Also and Hawaii.

The Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC) failed to issue tropical cyclone warnings and watches for the hurricane well in advance. For several days prior to the disaster, the CPHC and the news media forecast Iniki to remain well south of the island chain, with the only effect being some high surf conditions. Some of the standard international computer models were indicating a northward turn towards the populated Hawaiian Islands, but these were rejected by the CPHC forecasters. CHPC Advisory #19 was issued at 11 AM local time on September 10, and suggested that a weakening Iniki would remain well to the south. It was not until a special bulletin was issued by the CPHC at 6:30 PM on September 10 - less than 24 hours before landfall - that any warning was given to the public. 

A hurricane watch was issued for Kauai early on September 11 and was upgraded to a hurricane warning later that day. Prior to Iniki's arrival in Kauai, 8,000 people were housed in shelters, most of whom remembered Hurricane Iwa 10 years prior. Rather than sending tourists to public shelters, two major hotels kept their occupants in the buildings during the storm's passage. During the evacuation of the island, people left days before to family, friends or shelters. Because schools were cancelled, traffic was light and evacuation was well-executed.

The CPHC issued a tropical storm warning for Oahu on September 11 which was upgraded to a hurricane warning later that day. Though not hit by the hurricane, Iniki's large wind field caused nearly 30,000 people to evacuate to 110 public shelters in Oahu. Public school buildings acted as shelters, and were for refuge only, meaning they did not provide food, cots, blankets, medications or other comfort items. Roughly one-third of Oahu's population participated in the evacuation, though many others went to the house of a family member or friend for shelter. The execution of the evacuations went well, beginning with the vulnerable coastal area. For those in need, vans and buses gave emergency transportation, while police manned certain overused intersections. The two main problems that occurred during the evacuation were lack of parking at shelters and exit routes for the coastlines.

Hurricane Iniki was the costliest hurricane to strike the state of Hawaii, causing $1.8 billion ($2.6 billion in 2004 US dollars) in damage. Most damage was on the island of Kauai, where the storm destroyed thousands of homes and left a large amount of the island without power, although Oahu also suffered significant damage. Iniki also was responsible for six deaths.

The hurricane nearly struck the Central Pacific Hurricane Center in Honolulu. Had it hit there, Iniki, along with Hurricane Andrew and Typhoon Omar, would have struck each of the three National Weather Service offices responsible for tropical cyclone warnings within a two-month period.

Cinderella

"Cinderella, or The Little Glass Slipper" is a fairy tale by Charles Perrault. It was first published anonymously in Paris in 1697 in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (), a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault.

The story is about a girl who who was treated badly. Her fairy godmother helps her travel to a dancing party in a pumpkin coach. She leaves the ball at midnight and loses her glass slipper. A prince, who has fallen in love with her, finds her lost slipper and uses it later to find her.

Similar European tales are found in Bonaventure des Periers's "New Recreations and Joyous Games" (1558) and Giambattista Basile's "Pentamerone" (1634-6). The Brothers Grimm included their version, "Aschenputtel", in "Children's and Household Tales" (1812). Tales similar to "Cinderella" exist in Chinese, Indian, African, Javanese, Australian, and Japanese literature and folklore. The tale has been adapted to the stage, movies, television, and other media.

A widower marries a very proud woman. She already has two daughters. They despise the man's daughter by his first marriage, but she is gentle and beautiful, They treat her meanly. She is told to do all the housework and sleeps in the attic. Cinderella's step-mother gave her that name because she sits in the chimney corner. 

A prince gives a ball and all the high-status ladies are invited. Cinderella's stepsisters go to the ball. Cinderella stays at home crying. Her fairy godmother appears and changes a pumpkin into a golden coach to take Cinderella to the ball. The fairy turns mice, lizards, and a rat into horses and coachmen by waving her wand. She gives Cinderella a gown of gold and silver and slippers made of glass. She orders Cinderella to return home by midnight because that's when the charm ends. Cinderella goes to the ball. Everyone is amazed. The prince gives her special attention. Her stepsisters do not recognize her. She leaves at midnight and returns home. The next evening she goes again to the prince's ball. She forgets the time and leaves just at midnight, but loses one of her glass slippers. At home, Cinderella's gown turns to rags, but the other glass slipper continues to be a glass slipper.

The stepsisters tell her that the prince is in love with an unknown beautiful lady. The prince orders the slipper to be tried on all the ladies in the land. He will marry only the girl whose foot will fit the slipper. The stepsisters try it on but it does not fit. Cinderella tries it on and it fits. She pulls the other slipper from her pocket and puts it on. The Godmother appears and touches Cinderella's clothes with her wand. They change into a gown more beautiful than the one she wore to the ball. A few days later, the prince marries her. She forgives her stepsisters for their past meanness and finds husbands for them at the court.


Iranian

Iranian may refer to:

Cognitive-behavioral therapy

Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) is a type of psychotherapy which helps people change unhealthy thoughts and behaviors. Cognitive behavioral therapists teach their patients to use coping skills (healthy ways to deal with problems). They also show their patients how their thoughts are not accurate. These unhealthy thought patterns are called cognitive distortions. CBT says that these inaccurate thoughts lead to unhealthy feelings and behaviors. By changing these thoughts, patients can change how they feel and act. CBT combines parts of cognitive therapy and behavior therapy. Using this combination of therapies, CBT helps patients to identify problems in their lives and tries to help them feel better. 

CBT is a common treatment for mood disorders. It is popular because it works well, has a clear structure, and is based on common sense. Research shows that CBT works better than any other treatment for people with depression and anxiety. After completing 5 - 15 modules of CBT, 50 - 75% of people with depression and anxiety feel better. Medication alone also works, but science still does not understand how these medications affect the brain and body over time. Also, some evidence says that CBT costs less than medication in the long run. However, when medication and CBT are used together, patients with mental illnesses get the best results. In particular, antidepressants paired with CBT could prevent people with depression from getting depressed again in the future.

CBT can also treat personality disorders, post traumatic stress disorder and eating disorders. Therapists can do CBT with a single patient, in a therapy group, or online.

In the early 1900s, Austrian psychotherapist Alfred Adler suggested that therapists should pay attention to their patients’ cognitions (the way they think). He talked about how making basic mistakes can make people feel bad.

Adler’s work inspired American psychologist Albert Ellis to develop rational emotive behaviour therapy in the 1950s. This was one of the earliest forms of cognitive therapy. 

In the 1950s and 1960s, American psychiatrist Aaron T. Beck developed a cognitive model of mental illness, which would later become a part of CBT. This cognitive model says that people feel bad because of the way they think about an event, not the actual event itself. While doing psychoanalysis, Beck noticed that his depressed patients had a lot of negative thoughts about themselves, he world, and the future. They seemed like they were ‘talking’ to themselves in their thoughts. However, they only shared some of these thoughts with Beck. For example, a person might have thought to themselves, “The therapist is being very quiet today; I wonder if he’s mad at me?” and then began to feel anxious as a result.

In the 1960s, researchers did a number of scientific experiments to study how thoughts affect behaviours and emotions. This period in the history of psychotherapy is called “the cognitive revolution,” or the “second wave” of CBT.

CBT targets unhealthy thoughts and develops them into positive thinking patterns. CBT is scientific because irrational beliefs are thought of as theories which are tested to see if they are true. CBT is structured in that it uses an ABC format. A represents the activating event which triggers B, the beliefs. This is followed by C, the consequences, which are the actions. Beliefs are composed of different types of thinking. They include catastrophising where small problems are blown out of proportion and all-or-nothing thinking which involves thinking in extremes. When creating solutions, the therapist and patient need to come to an agreement on possible goals. They follow criteria which are SMART: specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-limited. Specific and measurable highlight the science behind CBT as the goals are used to test the "hypothesis". Achievable, realistic and time-limited ensure that the patient makes progress. 

One of the key reasons why CBT is so effective is because of its interactive nature. This is known as collaborative empiricism; the patient and therapist work together in targeting problems and changing negative mindsets. This means that patients play an active role in improving their mental health which is different from other treatments. Therapists encourage patients to be active by setting them tasks. This may be noting down positive moments throughout their day or producing a list of things to complete. CBT combines cognitive and behavioural methods to maximise its effect. Therapists often set their patients homework which challenge their irrational beliefs. When patients feel down because of these beliefs, the therapist can produce this as evidence. An example of a behavioural method is that therapists help their patients to collect evidence that challenges the use of their avoidance behaviours. The techniques aim to prepare people with the skills they need to target their problems independently in the future. 

Cognitive-behavior therapy can be effectively used as a short-term treatment centered on helping people with very specific problems and teaching them to focus on present thoughts and beliefs.


CBT is recommended because it is successful in changing the patient's way of thinking. It's effective because patients participate in improving their mental health. They are encouraged to be proactive by acting as their own therapist. Once the sessions are over, patients are left with the skills they need to manage their problems. It works because the patient and therapist develop a healthy relationship. It is built upon understanding, cooperation and empathy. Therapists show patience when patients struggle to identify their negative thoughts or when adopting new coping mechanisms. Compromise is also a key element in this relationship, if a strategy is not working, they are willing to work together to find a better solution. CBT focuses mainly on the present. It does not dive into the patient's past because CBT aims to improve the patient's current state of mind. 

Even though it is popular, CBT has faced criticism. CBT focuses on a patient’s thoughts and the problems they are having in their lives. Critics say CBT does not look at the patient as a whole. It ignores the patient’s past experiences. Because they ignore the patient's past, therapists might not understand how the patient first developed negative thought patterns. Ignoring the causes of these thought patterns can make it difficult to identify solutions.

CBT is an interactive therapy. This can make it difficult for patients with mood disorders than can cause low energy, like depression. Some of these patients might not have enough energy to do all the work required by CBT.

Since CBT began several revisions and models have been made. One example is the Five Areas model. This was created because traditional CBT tends to use complex terms which may be unsuitable for some patients or colleagues who do not specialise in CBT. The Five Areas model aims to use language that can easily be understood. It is not a new approach. It is a revision of standard CBT. The Five Areas model specifically focuses on five key elements, hence the name. These are life situation, altered thinking, altered emotions, altered physical feelings and altered behaviour. 


Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing

Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR / AIP) is considered by many therapists as a major form of psychotherapy. Francine Shapiro, Ph.D., noted that recalling or thinking about disturbing events, coupled with eye-motion; audio input or sensory input (touch, smell, taste) could aid unprocessed emotional trauma that are emotionally hurtful or painful to the body. The once painful emotional materials are un-embedded via recall of the event coupled with a sensory input which are 'metabolized' by the person's psyche from a painful and harmful state into a helpful learning experience. This processing has proven useful in helping overcome many traumatic events ranging from rape, family violence, physical or verbal abuse, first-responder shock, chronic pain, combat, hurtful memories; select health issues and unresolved, hurtful life experiences. 

EMDR involves the processing of painful emotional events via the recalling of the event...paired with movement of the eyes; the hearing of select sound; tactile contact; gustatory (taste) input as an input into the brains processing. This process helps the client to move-on from the physical or emotional pain they are feeling. EMDR or Adaptive Information Processing (AIP) as it is alternatively named, has been being tested and researched in a large number of organizations since it was first discovered in 1987. 

Like all psychological theorems and processes it has it's admiring adherents and strong critics. 

The EMDR has training and trainers licensed internationally and over 10,000 psychologists and therapists qualified to practice in the U.S. 

TREATMENT DESCRIPTION 

EMDR therapy combines different elements to maximize treatment effects.  A full description of the theory, sequence of treatment, and research on protocols and active mechanisms can be found in F. Shapiro (2001) Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing:  Basic principles, protocols and procedures (2nd edition) New York: Guilford Press. 

EMDR therapy involves attention to three time periods:  the past, present, and future.  Focus is given to past disturbing memories and related events.  Also, it is given to current situations that cause distress, and to developing the skills and attitudes needed for positive future actions.  With EMDR therapy, these items are addressed using an eight-phase treatment approach.

Phase 1:  The first phase is a history-taking session(s).  The therapist assesses the client’s readiness and develops a treatment plan.  Client and therapist identify possible targets for EMDR processing.  These include distressing memories and current situations that cause emotional distress.  Other targets may include related incidents in the past.  Emphasis is placed on the development of specific skills and behaviors that will be needed by the client in future situations.

Initial EMDR processing may be directed to childhood events rather than to adult onset stressors or the identified critical incident if the client had a problematic childhood.  Clients generally gain insight on their situations, the emotional distress resolves and they start to change their behaviors.  The length of treatment depends upon the number of traumas and the age of PTSD onset.  Generally, those with single event adult onset trauma can be successfully treated in under 5 hours.  Multiple trauma victims may require a longer treatment time.

Phase 2:  During the second phase of treatment, the therapist ensures that the client has several different ways of handling emotional distress.  The therapist may teach the client a variety of imagery and stress reduction techniques the client can use during and between sessions. A goal of EMDR therapy is to produce rapid and effective change while the client maintains equilibrium during and between sessions.

Phases 3-6:  In phases three to six, a target is identified and processed using EMDR therapy procedures.  These involve the client identifying three things:

1.  The vivid visual image related to the memory

2.  A negative belief about self

3.  Related emotions and body sensations.

In addition, the client identifies a positive belief.  The therapist helps the client rate the positive belief as well as the intensity of the negative emotions.  After this, the client is instructed to focus on the image, negative thought, and body sensations while simultaneously engaging in EMDR processing using sets of bilateral stimulation.  These sets may include eye movements, taps, or tones.  The type and length of these sets is different for each client.  At this point, the EMDR client is instructed to just notice whatever spontaneously happens.

After each set of stimulation, the clinician instructs the client to let his/her mind go blank and to notice whatever thought, feeling, image, memory, or sensation comes to mind.  Depending upon the client’s report, the clinician will choose the next focus of attention.  These repeated sets with directed focused attention occur numerous times throughout the session.  If the client becomes distressed or has difficulty in progressing, the therapist follows established procedures to help the client get back on track.

When the client reports no distress related to the targeted memory, (s)he is asked to think of the preferred positive belief that was identified at the beginning of the session.  At this time, the client may adjust the positive belief if necessary, and then focus on it during the next set of distressing events.

Phase 7:  In phase seven, closure, the therapist asks the client to keep a log during the week.  The log should document any related material that may arise.  It serves to remind the client of the self-calming activities that were mastered in phase two.

Phase 8:  The next session begins with phase eight.  Phase eight consists of examining the progress made thus far.  The EMDR treatment processes all related historical events, current incidents that elicit distress, and future events that will require different responses.


Analog-to-digital converter

An analog-to-digital converter (abbreviated ADC, A/D or A to D) is an electronic integrated circuit that converts a continuous quantity to a discrete time digital number. An ADC may also provide an isolated measurement. The reverse operation is performed by a digital-to-analog converter (DAC).

Typically, an ADC is an electronic device that converts an input analog voltage or current to a digital number. The size of the number grows with an increase in the input voltage or current. However, some non-electronic or only partially electronic devices, such as rotary encoders, can also be considered ADCs.



Digital-to-analog converter

In electronics, a digital-to-analog converter (abbreviated DAC or D-to-A) is a device for converting a digital (usually binary) code to an analog signal (current, voltage or electric charge).

An analog-to-digital converter (ADC) performs the reverse operation.

Digital Signal Controller

A Digital Signal Controller (DSC) can be thought of as a hybrid of microcontrollers and DSP processors. 

Naltrexone

Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist. It is often used to help alcohol dependence and opioid dependence. It is different from the drug naloxone. Naloxone is used in emergency cases of overdose. Naltrexone is for longer-term control of dependence. Naltrexone can help with overdose, but naloxone is more helpful in those cases.

Proximity fuze

A proximity fuze (also called a VT fuze, for "variable time") is a fuze that is made to create an explosion when the distance to the target becomes smaller than a set value, or when the target passes through a given line. Proximity fuzes are mostly used in anti-aircraft warfare. They usually work as a simple radar. 

PT boat

PT Boats were motor torpedo boats ("PT", for "Patrol Torpedo"). They were small, fast ships used by the United States Navy in World War II to attack larger surface ships. The PT boat squadrons were nicknamed "the mosquito fleet". They were exceedingly nimble, relatively expendable to the larger fleet, and carried torpedoes that featured a remarkable destruction-to weight ratio. John F. Kennedy famously served on one of these, and his boat was sliced in two by enemy fire. Navies often used destroyers to combat these nimble but dangerous surface craf. t

Radar jamming

Radar jamming is the emission of radio frequency signals to interfere with the work of a radar by flooding its receiver with noise or false information. There are two types of radar jamming: Mechanical and electronic jamming.

Peace Corps

The Peace Corps is an independent United States federal agency. The Peace Corps was started by Executive Order 10924 on March 1, 1961, and allowed by Congress on September 22, 1961, with passage of the Peace Corps Act (Public Law 87-293). The first president of the Peace Corps was Sargent Shriver. The Peace Corps Act says the purpose of the Peace Corps is: 

“to promote world peace and friendship through a Peace Corps, which shall make available to interested countries and areas men and women of the United States qualified for service abroad and willing to serve, under conditions of hardship if necessary, to help the peoples of such countries and areas in meeting their needs for trained manpower.”
Since 1960, more than 190,000 people have served as Peace Corps volunteers in 139 countries.

Great Society

The Great Society was a set of programs proposed or enacted in the United States by President Lyndon B. Johnson. Two main goals of the Great Society were to end poverty and to end racial discrimination. New major spending programs that dealt with education, medical care, urban problems, and transportation were started during this period. The Great Society was like the New Deal domestic plan of Franklin D. Roosevelt, but had very different programs.

Unlike the New Deal, the Great Society focused more on people rather than the economy. Medicaid and Medicare were implemented to help poor Americans. President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society was the largest expansion of spending programs since the Great Depression. Many of the programs that exist can be attributed to the passage of the Great Society.

Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset

Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (c. 1506 – 22 January, 1552) was an English peer and politician. He was Lord Protector of England during the reign of King Edward VI, because Edward was too young to rule alone. He served as Lord Protector from 1547 to 1552, when he was executed for treason.

Sit-in

A sit-in or sit-down is a form of direct action that involves one or more persons non-violently occupying an area for a protest.

Alden B. Dow

Alden B. Dow (April 10, 1904, Midland, Michigan – August 20, 1983) was an American architect. He was the son of Herbert Henry Dow (founder of the Dow Chemical Company) and Grace A. Dow. Dow is known for his architectural design. His personal house in Midland, the Midland Center for the Arts, the Fleming Administration Building, as well as the building for the Grace A. Dow Library (named after his mother) are examples of his important work.

Strategic Defense Initiative

The Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) was a plan created by U.S. President Ronald Reagan on March 23, 1983 to use ground and space-based systems to protect the United States from attack by nuclear ballistic missiles. The initiative focused on defense instead on the offensive mutual assured destruction (MAD).

Circa

Circa is Latin for "around" or "about". It is often used to show when something approximately happened. It is often shortened to c., ca., ca or cca.

An encyclopedia entry may begin with circa in the date of birth, for example: "Genghis Khan (c. 1162 – August 18, 1227)". The "c." means that he was born in about 1162, but the exact date is not certain. Sometimes the circa symbol is italicized to show that it is not in the English language.

Estimated values of different units may also begin with circa in research reports and scientific articles, for example "it involved c.450 kg of carved ivory". The "c." means that it was an estimated value based on an average value or any other coefficient that the researcher will generally define in the methodology.

Varg Vikernes

Varg Vikernes (legal name Louis Cachet, born Kristian Vikernes on February 11, 1973 near Bergen, Norway) is a black metal musician, convicted murderer, arsonist and political activist. In 1991, Vikernes created the one-man music project Burzum. Burzum quickly became important within the early Norwegian black metal scene. Later he became a part of the Heathen Front and wrote several writings on Germanic neopaganism.

In the early 1990s, there were black metal bands who believed in burning churches to prove their hatred for Christianity. Vikernes was found guilty of arson and the murder of Mayhem band member Øystein 'Euronymous' Aarseth. He was sent to prison for 21 years. Vikernes was up for parole in 2008 but it was denied. He was released in March 2009.

On July 16th 2013, Vikernes and his wife, a French national, were arrested in Corrèze, France, on suspicion of planning acts of terrorism because his wife had purchased four rifles. They were released with no charges after police could not identify any terrorist plans or targets.


Spider-Man 2

Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 movie and the sequel to the 2002 "Spider-Man" movie. All of the main cast came back to make the movie.

Peter Parker struggles to balance his new powers and starts to think that his role as Spider-Man is distracting him from his real life. He once delivers pizzas and is late because he had to save two children from being run over in the street.

Soon, Peter was invited to attend a demonstration by a man named Otto Octavius. He has built a series of four mechanical arms. He says that the arms can control him, but because of a special mental chip on his back, he can control them instead of the other way around. He uses the arms to allow him to build and touch a reactor that uses energy from the sun. The reactor is powered by tritium. Tritium is very rare and costly, so Harry Osborn and his company spend their money to provide him with the product. However, a paper clip gets into the machine and causes massive damage. Otto's wife is killed. Peter dons the Spider-Man costume and rescues his friend Harry Osborn. Harry is mad because he hates Spider-Man since he thinks that Spider-Man killed his father (back in the first movie). The accident causes Otto's mechanical arms to fuse to his body, and it also destroyed the chip that allows him to control his arms. The loss of his wife makes him go crazy. The arms start forcing him to build the machine again to get revenge, but say they needed money in order to do it. Now called Doc Ock by the press, Otto attempts to rob a bank vault for cash, but is foiled by Spider-Man in the process.

Later, Peter promises to attend Mary Jane Watson's play, but is distracted by a crime in progress and has to go fight it and arrest the criminal. He cannot go into the play afterwards and Mary Jane likes him less for missing the play. He finally decides to give up the Spider-Man costume and become a normal person.

Without Spider-Man in his life, Peter's grades improve in school. He attends Mary Jane's play. However, she tells him that she has already been engaged to John Jameson. John is the son of his boss at the Daily Bugle.

Doc Ock later, after finishing the machine, wants some more tritium to power it.. He wants to build rebuild his reactor to be even larger than before. He forces Harry to give it to him by threatening to kill him. Harry says he will give him the tritium as long as he brings Spider-Man to him. Doc Ock kidnaps Mary Jane, forcing Peter to put his suit again. A fight breaks out. Finally, Doc Ock puts a subway on course to crash. Spider-Man manages to stop the train with great effort. but becomes very weak and is captured and tied up and brought to Harry. Harry takes out a knife to kill him, but is shocked and stops when he pulls off Spider-Man's mask to reveal that his friend Peter is underneath the mask. Peter forces Harry to tell him where Doc Ock is, and then goes down there to save Mary Jane and the city.

Down at the river, Doc Ock has rebuilt his reactor, this one much larger than before. Peter stuns him with an electric shock, reveals who he is, and convinces him to not do it, and Doc Ock has a change of heart. He says that the reactor is so big that only a river can contain it and uses his mechanical arms to destroy the floor underneath and dies in the process. Peter reveals his secret identity to Mary Jane but says they cannot be together because Spider-Man's enemies will target her.

At the end of the movie, Peter sits in his apartment and is very unhappy. The wedding for Mary Jane Watson is about to take place, but at the last minute she cancels and runs to the apartment. There, she tells him that she is willing to take the risk of being Spider-Man's girlfriend. A fire truck siren roars past. She says, "Go get them, tiger" and watches as Spider-Man goes out on another rescue mission.



Paul Gauguin

Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin (7 June 1848 – 8 May 1903) was a leading French post-Impressionist painter. He was not well appreciated until after his death. Gauguin was later recognized for his experimental use of color and style that were different from Impressionism. His work was influential among the French avant-garde and fauvism, as well later artists such as Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse. Gauguin’s art became popular after his death; partly from the efforts of art dealer Ambroise Vollard.Many of Gauguin's pictures were painted long after his death by the famous Hungarian painter Károly Patkó. The latest digital research (MJ Horváth) found hidden signatures of Károly Patkó on many of Gauguin's paintings. 
Gaugin gave up his family and life to live in Tahiti in 1891. He died of syphilis in 1903. 


The Three Musketeers

The Three Musketeers () is a novel of adventure fiction by Alexandre Dumas, père. It is the story of a young man named d'Artagnan. He leaves home to become a musketeer of the guard of King Louis XIII of France. He and his friends Athos, Porthos, and Aramis live by the motto, "One for all, and all for one" ().

The story of d'Artagnan is continued in "Twenty Years After" and "The Vicomte de Bragelonne". Those three novels by Dumas are together known as the "D'Artagnan Romances".

"The Three Musketeers" was first published in serial form in the magazine "Le Siècle" between March and July 1844. All the books sold well and made plenty of money for Dumas. The story was later made into several plays and movies.

A Clockwork Orange (movie)

A Clockwork Orange is a 1971 British-American crime drama thriller movie. It was written, directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick. It is based on Anthony Burgess' 1962 short novel "A Clockwork Orange". It includes disturbing, violent images. Its social commentary touches on psychiatry, youth gangs, and other social, political, and economic subjects in a dystopian vision of a not-too-future Britain.

Kubrick stopped the film being shown in Britain, concerned about its possible effects. For 27 years it was difficult to see the film in the United Kingdom. It reappeared in cinemas, and the VHS and DVD releases followed, soon after Kubrick's death in 1999.



American Film Institute recognition



Pasties

Pasties (sing. 'pastie') are small pieces of cloth, plastic or metal. They are treated specially so they are sticky. They are used to cover a girl's nipples or genital area. They vary in size and are usually not much larger than the person's areola.

The concept of 'pasties' is to show as much of the breast as possible without making the woman entirely topless. Many exotic dancers in strip clubs are required to wear them by law. Pasties are usually applied with a special glue or tape. This is the origin of their name, as they are quite literally 'pasted' onto the nipple.

Pasties are worn by many neo-burlesque performers. Burlesque pasties may also feature tassels which hang from the center, performer will sometimes twirl these as part of a performance. 

Some women who choose not to wear a bra wear pasties to prevent their nipples from protruding visibly through their shirt. 

The United States Supreme Court held in "Erie v. Pap's A.M." that a city ordinance requiring erotic dancers to wear pasties, and a g-string, was constitutional.

Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea

Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea () is a science fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne. It was published in 1870. It is the story of Captain Nemo and his submarine "Nautilus". The book depicts the latest technology, and more advanced things that had not yet been invented.

The story starts in 1866. All over the world, people on ships see something strange in the sea. The strange thing is long and thin, and sometimes it glows in the water. It is much bigger and faster than a whale. Some people think it is a moving reef. Others say it could be a sea serpent.

The next year, in 1867, the strange thing attacks two ships. People become scared that the strange thing will attack other ships, so the United States government sends an expedition to look for the thing and find out what it is. The expedition group includes a French professor named Pierre Arronax. He thinks the strange thing might be a giant narwhal. Arronax's servant Conseil goes with him. A Canadian harpooner named Ned Land is also in the group.

The expedition sets sail on a ship, the "Abraham Lincoln" (named after Abraham Lincoln). After looking for some time, the expedition sees the strange thing. The thing attacks the "Abraham Lincoln". Arronax, Conseil, and Ned Land fall into the sea. They swim to the strange thing and climb onto it. They find that it is not a sea animal at all; it is a submarine, the "Nautilus". (The submarine is named after the nautilus, a sea creature that can rise and sink to different levels in the sea, just like a submarine).

Arronax, Conseil, and Ned Land meet the owner of the submarine, who calls himself Captain Nemo ("Nemo" is the Latin word for "nobody"). Nemo tells them that they will be prisoners on the submarine for the rest of their lives, because if he let them escape from the submarine, they would tell everybody about him. Ned Land is very angry to be a prisoner, and he starts making up plans to escape. Arronax is angry at first, but soon he finds that living in a submarine is fun; he is an expert on sea animals, and now he can look at them in their own habitat. As for Conseil, he just likes being a helpful servant, so he is happy as long as Arronax is happy.

Nemo takes his prisoners on a trip around the world, going through all of the world's oceans. They travel 43,200 miles, or 20,000 leagues (that is why the book is called "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea"). They have many adventures. But then Arronax discovers that Captain Nemo attacks some ships on purpose, to try to sink them. Nemo is trying to get revenge on a country that killed his family. But he will not say which country it is, or even where he came from.

Finally, the "Nautilus" gets stuck in the Maelstrom, a giant whirlpool in the Atlantic Ocean. Arronax, Conseil, and Ned Land finally escape and make it back to dry land. Arronax wonders whether Captain Nemo got out of the Maelstrom safely. He also wonders whether he will ever learn what Nemo's real name is, or where he came from. Most of all, Arronax hopes that Nemo will forgive his enemies and become a peaceful man, studying all the wonderful things under the sea. The story ends

Pierre-Jules Hetzel published the novel in a magazine he owned, the "Magazine of Education and Recreation" (). The story was serialized in issues of the magazine, beginning in March 1869 and ending in June 1870. After that, in 1871, Hetzel published it as a book, with more than a hundred illustrations by Alphonse de Neuville and Édouard Riou.


Stendhal

Henri-Marie Beyle (23 January 1783 – 23 March 1842) is better known by his pen name Stendhal. He was a 19th century French writer. He is known for his precise analysis of his characters' psychology. His two most famous novels are "Le Rouge et le Noir" ("The Red and the Black", 1830) and "La Chartreuse de Parme" ("The Charterhouse of Parma", 1839).

Stendhal was born in Grenoble. He died in Paris.

Travis Barker

Travis Landon Barker (born November 14, 1975) is an American drummer. He is better known for being in the band Blink-182. He is also the drummer for +44 and has several side projects such as Box Car Racer, Transplants and Expensive Taste.

Just before midnight on September 19, 2008, Barker and Adam "DJ AM" Goldstein were involved in a plane crash. Barker and Goldstein survived but the pilot, Sarah Lemmon, the co-pilot, James Bland, Chris Baker and security guard, Charles "Che" Still all died in the crash. Barker suffered both second and third degree burns that covered around 1/3 of his body.

In May 2022, Barker married Kourtney Kardashian.


Guy de Maupassant

Guy de Maupassant (5 August 1850 – 6 July 1893) was a popular 19th century French writer. He is considered one of the fathers of the modern short story. 

He was an apprentice of Flaubert. Maupassant's stories have a common economy of style and their efficient, effortless dénouement (ending). Many of the stories are set during the Franco-Prussian War. Many more describe the war. He also wrote six short novels.

Prairie dog

Prairie dogs are a genus of ground squirrels. They are small, burrowing rodents which live in short-grass prairies and the high plains of western North America. The explorers Lewis and Clark sent a prairie dog to President Thomas Jefferson during their expedition; it was quite strange to him.

Prairie dogs are found in North America. In Mexico, they are mostly found in the northern states, which are the southern end of the great plains: northeastern Sonora, north and northeastern Chihuahua, northern Coahuila, northern Nuevo León, and northern Tamaulipas; in the U.S., they range primarily west of the Mississippi River, though they have also been introduced in a few eastern locales. They are also found in the Canadian Prairies. They will eat all sorts of vegetables and fruits.

Prairie dogs are mostly herbivores (plant-eaters). They eat grasses, seeds, leaves, flowers, fruit, eggs, and some insects.

Highly social, prairie dogs live in large colonies – collections of prairie dog families that can span hundreds of acres. Families usually are made up of one male and two to four females living in a strict social hierarchy. Prairie dog pups reach sexual maturity at about 3 years of age, and after their third winter the dominant male in a given family will drive them away, forcing them to establish their own families on the edges of the colony. The dominant male will defend the family's borders against rival prairie dogs, and disputes are resolved by fighting. Prairie dogs are also aggressive against predators such as badgers and snakes. 

Prairie dogs are social animals, and often make social visits with each other, and greet each other with a sort of kiss. Prairie dogs employ a complex form of communication that involves barks and rhythmic chirps.

Prairie dog tunnel systems usually have several rooms. Tunnels can go down as far as , and can extend laterally as much as . Prairie dogs line their burrows with grass to insulate them, and the earth excavated from the burrow is piled up in mounds around the burrow's entrance. The prairie dogs use these carefully maintained mounds as observation posts.

The prairie dog is well adapted to predators. They can detect predators from a far distance and alert other prairie dogs to the danger with a special, high-pitched call. Prairie dogs use different calls to identify specific predators. Prairie dogs also trim the vegetation around their colonies, perhaps to remove any cover for predators. Their burrows generally contain several routes of escape.

The prairie dog is chiefly herbivorous, though it eats some insects. It feeds primarily on grasses and, in the fall, broadleaf plants. Prairie dogs have 1-6 pups (babies) yearly, which are born blind and furless and need about 30 days of close nurturing from their mother.

Sometimes two prairie dogs touch teeth with each other. Researchers think they do this as a way of recognizing each other.

Prairie dogs are hunted by many animals, including wolves, dogs, coyotes, bobcats, foxes, and humans.

The Hunchback of Notre Dame

The Hunchback of Notre Dame (, "Our Lady of Paris") is a 1831 French novel written by Victor Hugo. It is set in 1482 Paris. The story is about a Gypsy (Esmeralda), a bell-ringer in the cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris (Quasimodo) and the archdeacon (Claude Frollo).


Pierre-Auguste Renoir

Pierre-Auguste Renoir (25 February 1841 – 3 December 1919) was a French artist. He was a leading painter who helped to create the Impressionist style. He painted portraits, and still life, but above all, he painted social scenes of the day. 

As a painter of women, it has been said that "Renoir is the final representative of a tradition which runs directly from Rubens to Watteau".

Pierre-Auguste Renoir was born in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France, the child of a working class family. As a boy, he worked in a porcelain factory where his drawing talents led to him being chosen to paint designs on fine china. He also painted hangings for overseas missionaries and decorations on fans before he enrolled in art school. During those early years, he often visited the Louvre to study the French master painters.

In the late 1860s, through the practice of painting light and water "en plein air" (in the open air), he and his friend Claude Monet discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black, but the reflected color of the objects surrounding them, an effect today known as diffuse reflection. Several pairs of paintings exist in which Renoir and Monet, working side-by-side, depicted the same scenes ("La Grenouillère", 1869). 

Renoir experienced his initial acclaim when six of his paintings hung in the first Impressionist exhibition in 1874. In the same year, two of his works were shown with Paul Durand-Ruel in London.

One of the best known Impressionist works is Renoir's 1876 Dance at Le Moulin de la Galette ("Bal du moulin de la Galette"). The painting depicts an open-air scene, crowded with people, at a popular dance garden on the "Butte Montmartre", close to where he lived.
The works of his early maturity were typically Impressionist snapshots of real life, full of sparkling colour and light.

A trip to Italy in 1881, when he saw works by Raphael and other Renaissance masters, that convinced him that he was on the wrong path. For the next several years he painted in a more severe, classical, style. After 1890, however, he changed direction again, returning to thinly brushed colour to dissolve outlines as in his earlier work. From this period onward he concentrated on nudes and domestic scenes.

A prolific artist, he made several thousand paintings. The warm sensuality of Renoir's style made his paintings some of the most well-known and reproduced works in the history of art. The single largest collection of his works—181 paintings in all—is at the Barnes Foundation, near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

In 1890, he married Aline Victorine Charigot. She, with a number of the artist's friends, had been a model for "Le Déjeuner des canotiers" (Luncheon of the Boating Party, 1881). They already had a child, Pierre, in 1885. After his marriage, Renoir painted many scenes of his wife and daily family life, including their children and their nurse, Aline's cousin. The Renoirs had three sons, one of whom, Jean, became a film director of note and another, Pierre, became a stage and film actor.

Around 1892, Renoir developed rheumatoid arthritis. In 1907, he moved to the warmer climate of "Les Collettes," a farm at Cagnes-sur-Mer, close to the Mediterranean coast. Renoir painted during the last twenty years of his life, even when arthritis severely limited his movement, and he was wheelchair-bound. He developed progressive deformities in his hands and ankylosis of his right shoulder, requiring him to adapt his painting technique. It has often been reported that in the advanced stages of his arthritis, he painted by having a brush strapped to his paralyzed fingers, but this is erroneous; Renoir remained able to grasp a brush, although he required an assistant to place it in his hand. The wrapping of his hands with bandages, apparent in late photographs of the artist, served to prevent skin irritation.

During this period, he created sculptures by cooperating with a young artist, Richard Guino, who worked the clay. Renoir also used a moving canvas, or picture roll, to help him paint large works.

In 1919, Renoir visited the Louvre to see his paintings hanging with the old masters. He died in the village of Cagnes-sur-Mer, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, on 3 December.


Antoine Watteau

Jean-Antoine Watteau (10 October 1684 – 18 July 1721) was a French painter. His brief career spurred the revival of interest in colour and movement in the tradition of Correggio and Rubens. It brought back the almost forgotten Baroque idiom, which, in time became known as Rococo. He invented the genre of "fêtes galantes": scenes of bucolic and idyllic charm, with an air of theatricality. Some of his best known subjects were drawn from the world of Italian comedy and ballet.


Soggy biscuit

Soggy biscuit (also called “limp biscuit”, “landscapers lunch”, “crispy cookie”, “ookie cookie”, “jizzcuit” or “jogo do pão”) is a male masturbation game played mostly by teenage groups in which the participants stand around a biscuit masturbating until ejaculating onto it; the last person to do so must eat the biscuit.

Although the way it is spelled may differ slightly, the notability of the game is shown by the variations of it being referred to in popular culture, examples including Stephen Fry's "The Liar", the German movie "Crazy", the 2006 film Sleeping Dogs Lie, the "Chains" episode of Blackadder II, the "Freaks & Greeks" episode of Drawn Together (2004-2006), the "Sleepover" episode of Big Mouth, Limp Bizkit, and Skinless's song "Scum Cookie".

Hurricane Isabel

Hurricane Isabel was the costliest and deadliest hurricane in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the ninth named storm, fifth hurricane, and second major hurricane of the season. Isabel formed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. It moved northwestward, and it steadily strengthened to reach peak winds of 165 mph (265 km/h) on September 11. After weakening and strengthening for four days, Isabel slowly weakened. It moved onto the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) on September 18. It quickly weakened over land.

In North Carolina, the storm surge from Isabel washed away part of Hatteras Island. This area of washed away land was sometimes known as Isabel Inlet. Damage was highest along the Outer Banks, where thousands of homes were damaged or destroyed. The worst effects happened in Virginia, especially in the Hampton Roads area and on the shores of the James River. Virginia had the most deaths and damage from the hurricane. About 64% of the total damage and 68% of the total deaths from the storm happened in North Carolina and Virginia.

There was moderate to severe damage up the Atlantic coastline and as far west as West Virginia. About six million lost power in the eastern United States. Rain fell from South Carolina to Maine, and westward to Michigan. In total, damage is estimated at $3.6 billion (2003 USD, $4.1 billion 2008 USD). 16 deaths in seven states are blamed directly on the hurricane. 35 more deaths in six states and one province were not directly related to the hurricane.

Eugène Delacroix

Ferdinand Victor Eugène Delacroix (26 April 1798 – 13 August 1863) was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school. Delacroix's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of colour profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists, while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement. A fine lithographer, Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare, the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott, and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.

In contrast to the Neoclassical perfectionism of his chief rival Ingres, Delacroix took for his inspiration the art of Rubens and painters of the Venetian Renaissance, with an attendant emphasis on color and movement rather than clarity of outline and carefully modeled form. Dramatic and romantic content characterized the central themes of his maturity, and led him not to the classical models of Greek and Roman art, but to travel in North Africa, in search of the exotic. Friend and spiritual heir to Théodore Géricault, Delacroix was also inspired by Byron, with whom he shared a strong identification with the "forces of the sublime", of nature in often violent action.

However, Delacroix was given neither to sentimentality nor bombast, and his Romanticism was that of an individualist. In the words of Baudelaire, "Delacroix was passionately in love with passion, but coldly determined to express passion as clearly as possible."

Delacroix was a member of the Club des Hashischins, or Hashish Club. This group of French writers experimented with hashish to get ideas.

Eugène Durieu

Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu (1800; Nîmes, France – 1874; Paris, France) was an early French photographer of nudes, known for making studies for Eugène Delacroix. Some of Durieu's nudes were used by Delacroix to creating his own paintings and drawings.


Anabolism

Anabolism is the set of metabolic pathways that build molecules from smaller units. Enzymes take little molecules and stick them together to make bigger molecules. Some of these enzymes are anabolic steroids.


Period (punctuation)

A period (US) or full stop (UK) is a punctuation mark (.) at the end of a sentence. It shows that the sentence has finished. To be a sentence it must have at least one complete clause, with a verb and a subject.

When it is used in numbers, it is called a decimal point. It shows that the numbers to the right of it are less than one, as in "1.234". When it is used to write money in numbers, it shows that the numbers to the right of it are less than one pound/dollar/euro. For example:

means that Elizabeth paid one dollar and twenty-eight cents for her drink.

A point may be used after a word has been shortened: "Pty. Ltd." The words doctor, mister, and mistress are often made shorter when used with a name. ""Dr." Smith" is the name of a doctor whose last name is Smith, and ""Mr."" Banerjee is short for Mister Banerjee. ""Mrs"" means a wife, ""Miss"" is an unmarried female. ""Ms"" can be used for either. A point is also used after a first or middle initial, but does not follow the last name, for example, ""J." Citizen".

When three periods are used together (...), they are called an ellipsis.


Hyphen

The hyphen is a punctuation mark used to join words and to separate syllables of a single word. The use of hyphens is called hyphenation. A hyphen looks like this: -. Hyphens have many uses in writing.

"Son-in-law" is an example of a hyphenated word. The hyphen is sometimes confused with dashes which are longer and have different uses, or with the minus sign. The hyphen is the shortest of these signs.



Hyphen-minus

The hyphen-minus, codice_1, is a symbol used as a hyphen codice_2, a minus sign codice_3, or a dash codice_4.

S.H.E

S.H.E is a Taiwanese girl group with three people: Selina Ren, Hebe Tien, and Ella Chen. The group's name comes from the first letter of each person's name. A record label called HIM International Music created S.H.E after they organized a singing competition in 2000. 

At first, there was supposed to be only one winner; that person was Selina Ren. But then the record label thought that the other two girls, Hebe Tien and Ella Chen, were good singers too, so they put the three girls together. Since the release of "Girls Dorm", S.H.E's first album, in 2001, the group has released a total of 11 albums, and sold over 4.5 million copies. However, some people do not like S.H.E because they often sing songs that other people had sung before. In addition to music, the trio has acted in many TV dramas, and sang many theme songs for them. Because of S.H.E's success, some Taiwanese companies are now trying to create girl groups of their own.

Multiplexer

In electronics, a multiplexer or mux ("occasionally the term mul-dex is also found, for a combination multiplexer-demultiplexer") is a device that selects one of many analog or digital input signals and outputs it into a single output line. This process is termed: multiplexing.

An electronic multiplexer makes it possible for several signals to share one expensive device or other resource, for example one A/D converter or one communication line, instead of having one device per input signal. 

An analog multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output.

A digital multiplexer is a set of parallel switches, with selector that selects one of the input digital channels to outputs into the single digital output channel. The selector selects one of the input channels according to the digital command (number) it receives.

In electronics, a demultiplexer (or demux) is a device taking a single input signal and selecting one of many data-output-lines, which is connected to the single input. A multiplexer is often used with a complementary demultiplexer on the receiving end. 

An electronic multiplexer can be considered as a multiple-input, single-output switch, and a demultiplexer as a single-input, multiple-output switch. 

In telecommunications and signal processing, a multiplexer is a device that combines several input information signals into one output signal, which carries several communication channels, by means of some multiplex technique. A demultiplexer is in this context a device that takes a single input signal that carries many channels and separates the channels over multiple output signals.

One cost-saving use for multiplexers is connecting a multiplexer and a demultiplexer (or demux) together (called mul-dex) over a single communication channel (by connecting the multiplexer's single output to the demultiplexer's single input). The image to the right demonstrates this.

In this case, the cost of implementing separate channels for each data source is more expensive than the cost of implementing the multiplexing/demultiplexing functions.

At the receiving end of the data link a complementary "demultiplexer" is normally required to break single data stream back down into the original streams.

In some cases, the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so, at the same time as the demultiplexing still exists logically, it may never actually happen physically, such as in network address translation where a number of IP private network users are multiplexed over a single public IP address.

M. Morris Mano and Charles R. Kime, Logic and Computer Design Fundamentals, Prentice Hall, Inc., 2008

Tramway

Tramway means more than one thing:

Input/output

In computing, input/output/(*.*)., or Clear Text, refers to the communication between a digital processing system (such as a computer or an embedded system), and the outside world – possibly a human, another processing system or a device.

Inputs are the signals or data received by the system, and outputs are the signals or data sent from it.

I/O devices are used by a person (or other system) to communicate with the digital processing system. For instance, keyboards and mice are considered input devices of a computer, while monitors and printers are considered output devices of a computer. Devices for communication between computers, such as modems and network cards, typically serve for both input and output.

Note that the description of a device as either input or output depends on how it is viewed. Mouses and keyboards take as input physical movement that the human user outputs and convert it into signals that a computer can understand. The output from these devices is input for the computer. Similarly, printers and monitors take as input signals that a computer outputs. They then convert these signals into representations that human users can see or read. (For a human user the process of reading or seeing these representations is receiving input.)
Computers only work with digital information, any input that a computer receives must be digitalised.

Instruction set

An instruction set, or instruction set architecture (ISA),  is a list of all the commands (instructions), with all their variations, that a processor can execute.

Instructions include:

Instruction set architecture is distinguished from microarchitecture. Microarchitecture is the detailed description of the system that is enough for completely describing the operation of all parts of the computing system, as well as how they are inter-connected and inter-operate to implement the ISA. An instruction set is the part of the computer architecture related to programming. An ISA includes a specification set of opcodes (machine language), which are the native commands implemented in a particular central processing unit design.
Computers with different microarchitectures can share a common instruction set. For example, the Intel Pentium and the AMD Athlon implement nearly identical versions of the x86 instruction set, but they are very different in internal designs.



Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is a Hindu nationalist organization in India. It was founded in 1925 by K.B. Hedgewar. The organization is accused of having fascist tendencies.

Power consumption

In electrical engineering, power consumption refers to the electrical energy per unit time, supplied to operate something, such as a home appliance. Power consumption is usually measured in units of watts (W) or kilowatts (kW).

The energy used by equipment is always more than the energy really needed. This is because no equipment is 100% efficient. Power is wasted as heat, vibrations and/or electromagnetic radiation. For example, a light bulb does not only convert electric power into light; it also makes some heat.

Hindutva

Hindutva, which means "Hinduness", is a kind of nationalism in India. The word was made popular by Vinayak Damodar Savarkar in 1923. Groups that believe in Hindutva include the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), and the Sangh Parivar. Hindutva considers Hinduism better than other religions and cultures. Because of this, some people describe Hindutva as almost fascist, while others say that Hindutva is conservative.

According to Christophe Jaffrelot, a political scientist specializing in South Asia, the Hindutva ideology has roots in an era where the fiction in ancient Indian mythology and the Vedics was thought to be valid. This fiction was used to "give sustenance to Hindu ethnic consciousness". Its strategy emulated the Muslim identity politics of the Khilafat movement after World War I, and borrowed political concepts from the West – mainly Germany.

According to Anthony Parel, a historian and political scientist, V. D. Savarkar's "Hindutva, Who is a Hindu?" (1923) is a fundamental text of Hindutva ideology. He comments on Savarkar's summary of Hindu culture "as a self-sufficient culture, not needing any input from other cultures" by saying that this is "an unhistorical, narcissistic and false account of India's past".

Chakravarthi Ram-Prasad, a Fellow of the British Academy and a scholar of Politics and Philosophy of Religion, says that Hindutva is a form of nationalism that is seen differently by its opponents and its supporters. The Hindutva ideology according to Savarkar, states Ram-Prasad, is based on "geography, race, and culture".

Phetchabun

Phetchabun is a town in the northeastern and the central part of Thailand. 
It is about in size. The distance from the east to the west is . The distance from the north to the south is . The height above sea level is . Phetchabun is from Bangkok.

The administrative distributes to are 11 districts (amphur), 117 subdistricts (tumbol), and 1261 villages (muban).

Phetchabun is ancient. It is unclear who founded it. Krom Phraya Dhamlong Racha Nupap says that Phetchabun established for 2 periods in the same relic of Buddha temple and ancient temple. At first age, built when the northland is Sukhothai city or Phitsanulok is the capital. There is the waterway in a public city.
The second period built in, Narai's period. There was a river at the center of a city. In the north side had a wall for Guading the enemies. In the south there was a field.
An archeologist discovered the evidence in Si Thep city. The evidence was over 1000 years old. Phetchabun was built in the same time as Phimai, Lopburi.


Very long instruction word

Very Long Instruction Word or VLIW which refers to a CPU architecture designed to take advantage of instruction level parallelism (ILP) but at minimum level of hardware complexities. ( Alternatively, Variable Length Instruction Word or VLIW a refers to a CPU instruction ( instruction set ) designed to load ( or copy ) a literal value count of inline Machine code to the on-chip RAM for higher speed CPU decoding. )

A processor that executes every instruction one after the other (i.e. a non-pipelined scalar architecture) may use processor resources inefficiently, leading to poor performance. The performance can be improved by using micro-architectural design techniques that use ILP including:

All above ILP techniques are implemented at a higher cost with increased hardware complexity. Before executing any operations in-parallel, the processor must verify that the instructions do not have interdependencies. There are many types of interdependencies, but a simple example would be a program in which the first instruction's result is used as an input for the second instruction. They clearly cannot execute at the same time, and the second instruction cannot be executed before the first. Modern out-of-order processors use major resources in order to take advantage of these techniques, since the scheduling of instructions must be determined dynamically as a program executes based on dependencies.

The VLIW approach, on the other hand, executes operation in parallel based on a fixed schedule determined when programs are compiled. Since determining the order of execution of operations (including which operations can execute simultaneously) is handled by the compiler, the processor does not need the complex hardware required by ILP techniques described above. As a result, VLIW CPUs offer significant computational power with less hardware complexity but with greater compiler design complexity.

The VLIW approach is a concept which is only useful as the code generated by a compiler makes it, but with a number of special-purpose instructions available to simplify certain complicated operations:



Phetchabun province

Phetchabun () is one of the northern provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. As of 2000, 965,784 people live there, and has an area of 12,668.4km². The Governor is Direk Thuengfang.

The province has 11 districts ("amphoe"); 117 subdistricts ("tambon") and 1261 villages ("muban").

Goatse.cx

Goatse.cx (pronounced either ; sometimes the top level domain is left out and it is just called "Goatse") was an Internet shock site. The page featured a picture, hello.jpg, showing an undressed man stretching his butt to a large size with both hands, with the inside of his rectum clearly visible. Below his gaping anus, his dangling penis and scrotum were visible, as well as a ring on the ring finger of his left hand.

The image hello.jpg comes from a set of forty pictures from a file named gap.zip. In those images, the man used sex toys and butt plugs to stretch his anus. The images were located by "Stile Project" and are also available from the "Contrib" section of the goatse.cx website under the filename gap.zip. hello.jpg is the third file in the archive, gap3.jpg.

The site was named "Goatse.cx" because it is similar to the phrase "goat sex". However, no goats are involved anywhere on the site.

On January 14, 2004, the domain "goatse.cx" was closed for a time. by Christmas Island Internet Administration for policy violations in response to a complaint, but many mirrors of the site are still available, and the picture is displayed on many websites.

In January 2007, Christmas Island Internet Administration put the domain goatse.cx back into the pool of available domains. The domain was then registered on January 16 through domain registrar Variomedia, and the current holder tried to auction off the right to use the domain.

The goatse.cx domain name was reported sold at an auction on April 30, 2007 to an unknown bidder. According to seobidding.com, the first auction ended with fake bids so the auction was reactivated. This was again won by fake bidders, so Seobidding.com announced that the website would be sold for $500,000 and that legal action would be pursued against the fake bidders. On November 25, 2007, the site was for sale on seobidding; "goatse.cx asking: $50200 minimum."

Control of the domain was moved to the another market, and was taken by domain squatters who were trying to sell the domain name for 10,000 euros.

On July 4, 2008, the site was open again, with a picture of Bill O'Reilly and a legal notice. The file name and text remained the same as before.

As of September 28, 2008, the site was again put up for sale, and the picture changed once again because of a legal order from Fox Broadcasting Company ordering the owner to stop showing a picture of Bill O'Reilly.

The site used the .cx country code, the top-level domain of the Australian territory of Christmas Island. The actual computer server of Goatse.cx was not on Christmas Island, but in the United States and was owned by Hick.org, a website about computer programming and bathroom humor. The Hick.org domain was registered by Matt Miller in Overland Park, Kansas. Both Goatse.cx and Hick.org originated from the same IP address; the server was in Kansas City, Missouri, metro-region. Goat.cx, formerly a mirror of Goatse.cx, was in the Dallas, Texas, metro-region, while current mirror Goatse.ru is in Russia.

Many Internet users have been tricked into looking at the site at one time or another, it has become something of an Internet meme. As such, hello.jpg and the other images on the site are common subjects of parodies and tributes.

After Hurricane Charley in August 2004, an image purporting to show "the hands of God" in the cloud formations in the aftermath of the disaster circulated in email. The image was proven to be a false Goatse parody.

In June 2007, a parody of the 2012 Summer Olympics logo sent by "Sean Stayte" appeared on the BBC News website under the alternative Olympic Logo entries and was broadcast on their BBC News 24 channel. Two hands were pulling the 0 from 2012 apart. The image was later shown as part of a gallery of viewers logos on BBC London News and BBC News 24, and was subsequently removed from the website. The editor of the BBC News website stated the mistake in his blog, saying his team "simply didn’t spot it".

There are at least four songs about Goatse, and also a band named Goatse.

Modesty

Modesty is what people do to avoid attracting attention to themselves. Often modesty is about avoiding sexual attraction. Modesty is related to moderation, not bragging or showing off. Modesty and humility may seem similar, but are not the same. Because modesty is on the surface, it may be false. Humility is behavior that comes from truly thinking no person is better than any other.

Clothing has many functions with regard to modesty. Clothing is the usual way to avoiding sexuality when it would be inappropriate. Modest clothing communicates the wearer's social status without overdoing. Conformity to a dress code such as businesswear signals group membership over individuality.

The major cultural differences in modesty are about privacy and gender. Modesty is a part of social relationships, and may not apply when alone or with intimate relations. Modesty is about sexuality, which historically had different norms within single-sex groups, but is changing with the definition of sex and gender.

Religion determines what many people believe about modesty. Modesty is required in many cultures, based upon the beliefs of Abrahamic religions. Orthodox Judaism and Islam require believers to wear clothing that covers all of the body that is sexual. For women, this includes the entire body except hands and faces, including the hair. Anabaptist Christian groups continue to observe purely functional "plain dress". These include the Amish and Mennonites in the United States. Less strict, but conservative religious groups also adopt clothing and behavior more modest than what is acceptable by the majority.
Indigenous peoples in warm climates, having less need for clothing, developed cultures with no concept of bodily shame. In everyday life, not covering the body more than needed is normal not immodest. This may include being naked. This lack of clothing was seen as immoral by colonial explorers, and continues to be misunderstood. Western clothing is worn worldwide with adaptations for local cultures. Clothing that reveals the body continues to be worn in rural areas and on special occasions to maintain indigenous traditions.

Artistic performances and celebrations are intended to attract attention. Every society has norms that recognize that different rules apply to performers.
Private situations are generally limited to people who know each other well, such as life partners, spouses, family members, or close friends. There are some places that are semi-private, which include those less well-known, such as acquaintances and co-workers. Situations may also be semi-public, including others not known but limited to those with a shared characteristic, such as age or gender. Public places are open to all. Some social roles allow exceptions to rules of privacy, such as when receiving medial examination or treatment.

There is little information regarding the equality of the sexes in prehistory, but some indication of the differences from one group to another. Based upon the burial method and the artifacts placed in graves, in some tribes both men and women had high position, in others only men. The same pattern is found in modern-day foraging societies. The status of women today also varies, with more gender equality in Scandinavia than other parts of the world. Inequality is greatest in Islamic countries.

In Western cultures until this century it was not unusual for boys to be naked in public while girls would be clothed. Women are generally expected to be more modest than men. In single-sex situations, men would be naked when necessary, and it was though of as unmanly not to do so. Men and boys swam naked in YMCA and public school indoor pools until they became mixed-gender in the 1960s.

Islamic countries have few places for nudity outside the home. Communal bathing at the steam bath (hammam) is for men and avoids complete nudity, a waist wrap being worn. In countries lacking baths in the home, public baths for women only may exist.

Openness regarding homosexuality has led to stricter levels of modesty in same-sex situations, such as in changing-rooms. In several places, community showers have been changes to allow privacy. Many students no longer shower at school after exercise. In addition, cell-phone cameras have changed the assumption of privacy in shared spaces.

Swimsuits are an indication of changes in standards of modesty. Before the 1930s, men were generally prohibited from baring their chests where women were present. For years, loose swim trunks were typical, but after the 1960s, form-fitting ("Speedo") suits were popular, and remain so in Europe. The United States has generally reverted to baggy, oversize swimwear that show less of the body.

Women in Western societies were often not allowed to appear in public other than fully clothed until the 1920s. Women's bathing suits have steadily exposed more, with the bikini becoming typical for the young, suits that cover the torso for the more modest. In the 1960s a bikini bottom alone became popular in Europe, but has declined as women become aware of internet voyeurism. Groups advocate for women to be allowed to have the same rights to bare their chests as men. A group intentionally violated the law in New York state to make a case for its being unconstitutional. In 1992, the state's highest court ruled that New York's law did not apply when there was no sexual intent, as in sunbathing. However, the argument for full equal rights was rejected.

Historically, the female breast was not part of the body needing to be hidden, breastfeeding being a necessary and natural function for nurturing children. The assumption that breastfeeding must always be done in private is a recent change in societies where it has become rare. In societies where breastfeeding remains the norm, not covering the breasts in other situations is more common. In some societies, breastfeeding in public has been made a legal right, but mothers may not do so because other people may object.

What is called Western culture expects that sexual body parts are covered in public places at all times. There are exceptions for places where people change clothes, as there is one changing-room for men, and another for women. Other exceptions include saunas, which are often mixed-sex places, a towel being sufficient to maintain modesty.

Special rules also apply in places for swimming or sunbathing. These include not only beaches, but parks, some of which are in cities. Typical swimsuits would not be appropriate anywhere else.

In many European countries, women may be topless while sunbathing, and some places are designated "clothing optional", complete nudity being allowed.

States of undress among close family members in the home is determined individually. Young children up to the age of five or six may want to be naked, and parents may allow this, even when others are present. Children naturally become modest with the approach of puberty. Some parents are also naked while bathing small children.

The quick and effective way to remove chemical or biological threats is to have victims take their cloths off and be sprayed with water. Disaster planners find it difficult to make such rules, finding many would rather be dead than naked in public.

Naturists (or nudists) see nudity as the natural state of humans for many activities. Nudity is seen as beneficial to both physical and mental health. Modesty is maintained by behavior which avoids sexuality while naked. Western religious views reject the idea that nudity can ever be non-sexual. Naturism is practiced in resorts and campgrounds worldwide, but is a normal part of everyday life in Scandinavia and Germany.

In ancient civilizations, nakedness might be embarrassing as a sign of low status but not shameful regarding sexuality. Nudity was also not associated with sexuality due to fishermen, herders, and other laborers being naked while working.

Currently, moderate members of these religions adopt versions of local dress that satisfy their beliefs regarding modestly. Orthodox or conservative members often continue to wear traditional clothing. In countries where they are the majority, Islamic rules of modesty have the force of law.

In Orthodox Jewish Law (Halakha) women are responsible for maintaining the virtue of modesty (Tzniut) by covering their bodies, including their hair. For Jewish men, nakedness was limited to exposure of the penis. In everyday activity male nudity might be necessary, but is to be avoided. Female nudity was not an offense against God, but only about arousing the sexual passions of men.

The Christian standards of modesty are mainly about women avoiding tempting men into sexual sin. Pope Pius XII stated in 1940 that women should cover their upper arms and shoulders, that their skirts should cover at least as far as the knee, and the neckline should not reveal anything. Mary A. Kassian, professor of women’s studies at The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, writes about the unfairness of placing the responsibility for resisting temptation upon women. She notes that standards of behavior vary from church to church. Citing scripture, she finds that modesty is about reverence, not just clothing, and finds nothing in the bible about skirt length or particular parts of the body being covered. American sex education often teaches young people that the human body is shameful.

Islamic society thinks modesty is important, but there are different interpretations of what dress should be considered modest. Many Muslim women wear a headscarf (hijab) as a sign of modesty. More conservative societies expect that women cover their whole body, except for their hands and their face. However, some Muslim scholars and activists argue that the headscarf is not mandated in Islam.

A woman who choses to also cover her face and hands is said to be expressing greater "modesty and holiness". In some Islamic societies, women wear the niqab, an all-encompassing garment intended to conceal every part of the body, sometimes including the eyes. Wearing a niqab (sometimes referred to as a burqa, although this term only technically applies to an Afghan all-in-one garment) is common in some countries with a majority Muslim population.

More conservative countries such as Afghanistan or Iran do have laws that say what kind of dress a woman should wear. Not obeying these laws can lead to harsh punishments.
Likewise, according to some Islamic interpretations of Hadith, men are required to cover everything from 'navel to knee'. Some men choosing to extend this to the traditional Islamic head covering taqiyah (cap), the male counterpart to hijab which closely resembles the Jewish yarmulke but is slightly larger in size. The taqiyah cap may vary in shape, size or color just as the hijab does, with many regional differences according to tradition and personal taste.

A burqini is a swimsuit designed for Muslim women that covers the whole body except the face, the hands and the feet, that enables them to satisfy the requirements of Muslim standards of modesty while enabling them to take part in swimming activities. This is accepted by moderate Muslims, but are not allowed by conservative Islam which requires women's cloths to be loose, with no indication of the shape of the female body.

In Buddhism, modesty is the quality of being unpretentious about one's actions. Genuinely modest people are able to see themselves as they really are and rejoice in their good qualities without becoming vain and acknowledge their faults without shame.

When modesty is taken beyond what is normal, it is called prudishness. Gymnophobia is a fear of being naked where it is normal, such as a shower room in school. Exhibitionism is the act or urge to expose the genitals to strangers, a mental disorder that affects 2-4 percent of men. Other public exposure of the body, such as streaking, are not exhibitionism but an alternative social norm for celebration or protest.

Minimal instruction set computer

Minimal Instruction Set Computer (MISC) is a processor architecture with a very small number of basic instruction operations and corresponding opcodes. As a result of this is a smaller instruction set, a smaller and faster instruction set decode unit, and faster operation of individual instructions. The disadvantage is that smaller instruction set always have more sequential dependencies, reducing instruction-level parallelism. 



Zoophilia

Zoophilia is a type of paraphilia. People who have it feel sexually attracted to animals. These people are called zoophiles. Sexual activity with an animal is called bestiality. It is illegal in most countries. Most people think that zoophilia is wrong. Zoophilia is a mental disorder in the DSM.

In a 1974 study, 4.9% of males said they had had sexual interactions with animals.

Sukhoi Su-30

Sukhoi Su-30 is a Russian fighter aircraft. It is developed by Sukhoi Aviation Corporation. It is a 4.5-generation jet fighter aircraft. The aircraft is used by these air forces:


Su-30K

Export version of the basic Su-30

Su-30MKI

Version for India

Su-30SM

Version of the Su-30MKI for Russia

One instruction set computer

A One Instruction Set Computer (OISC) is an abstract computer that uses only one instruction (with no need for a machine language opcode). Such computers are the extreme case or the logical conclusion of Reduced instruction set computers, although the concept has been used only in academic circles, as a teaching aid like the URISC.

The Ultimate RISC (URISC) is the name given by researchers at the University of Waterloo in the city of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, to their implementation of a single-instruction computer. URISC allows complete description of a fully functional computer, in only a few pages. 



Zero instruction set computer

In computer science, ZISC stands for Zero Instruction Set Computer, which refers to a chip technology based on pure pattern matching and absence of micro-instructions. 

The name ZISC was derived from RISC.


Greco-Roman world

The Greco-Roman or Graeco-Roman world, refers to geographical regions and countries who had the language, culture, government or religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans.


Peoples Temple

Peoples Temple was an organization founded in 1955 by Jim Jones that, by the mid-1970s, possessed over a dozen locations in California including its headquarters in San Francisco. It is best known for the death of over 900 of its members on November 18, 1978 in Guyana, at the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project (informally called "Jonestown"), a nearby airstrip at Port Kaituma, and Georgetown.


Lotus (genus)

Lotus is a genus of the Pea family. This genus includes 125-180 species. 


Regina Spektor

Regina Spektor (born February 18, 1980) is a Russian-American singer-songwriter and pianist. She was born in Moscow, Russia, but moved to The Bronx in New York City as a child.

She has released eight studio albums. She released her first album "11:11" in 2001. In 2002 she released her second album "Songs". Spektor's third album "Soviet Kitsch" was her first album to be released on a record label. Three singles were released from the album. In 2009 Spektor released her fourth album "Far". "What We Saw from the Cheap Seats" was released in 2012. 

She usually sings in English but has used other languages in her songs including Latin, French, and Russian.

Spektor sings the theme song of Orange is the New Black, "You've Got Time". The song was nominated for the award for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 2013 Grammy Awards.

Spektor married Jack Dishel in 2011.

She gave birth to a baby boy in 2014.


Micro-operation

In microarchitecture micro-operations (sometimes termed: micro-instructions, also known as micro-ops or μops), are detailed low-level instructions used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions in which each instruction is composed of a set of low-level micro-ops.

Bulldog

The bulldog, known as the British Bulldog or English Bulldog, is a medium-size breed of dog from England.

Bulldogs are medium in size, and they are wide and compact with large, thick heads. Their muzzle (nose and mouth) is short, like a pug's. They have stocky legs at each corner of their muscular body, so when they walk, they take short steps and swing their body from side to side. 

Their fur comes in many colors, including light brown, white, black or mixed (brindle). Black is not a desired color at dog shows, but black bulldogs can compete. The bulldog is recognized by the American Kennel Club (AKC). 

Bulldogs are good family pets. They are also brave and are good guard dogs. Bulldogs need a lot of human attention to be happy. They do not need much exercise or grooming except for the face, which should be wiped daily in the face folds with a damp cloth. They weigh . They are tall at the shoulders.

The bulldog was originally bred to fight bulls during the 1600s. The dog's mouth is made to bite a bull's nose and not let go.

Defecation

Defecation is the scientific name for the final stage of digestion, which is the act of taking away solid, semisolid or liquid waste from the body, known as "Faeces (American spelling, "Feces")". Faeces is the scientific name for poop. 

Flag of Turkey

The flag of Turkey () has a white crescent moon and a star on a red background. The flag is called "Ay Yıldız" (literally, moon star) or "Alsancak" (red banner) in Turkish. 

The flag has a complex origin since it is an ancient design, and uses the same symbols of the late flag of the Ottoman Empire which was adopted in 1844 with the Tanzimat reforms; though the shape, placement and shade of the color varies. The geometric proportions of the flag were legally standardized with the Turkish Flag Law in 1936. The shade of red used in the flag is approximated by Pantone 186, or RGB (227, 10, 23).

Flag of Saudi Arabia

The flag of Saudi Arabia is the flag used by the government of Saudi Arabia since March 15, 1973. It is a green flag featuring in white an Arabic inscription and a sword. 

The script on the flag is written in the "Thuluth" script. It is the "shahadah" or Islamic declaration of faith: 

The sword, symbolizes the importance of the inscription by underlining it.

Green flags with this or other Arabic scripts are commonly seen in Islam. They should not be confused with the Saudi national flag. These other flags normally do not have the sword symbol. 

The flag is made so that the "shahada" reads correctly, from right to left, from either side. The sword points from hoist to fly on both sides. The flag is sinister hoisted. This means that the obverse side (front) has the hoist side (flagpole side) to the right.

Coat of arms of Saudi Arabia

The Saudi Arabian coat of arms () is a coat of arms that was adopted in 1950. According to the Saudi Constitution it is made of of two crossed swords with a palm tree in the open upper space between the blades. Each of the swords represents the two kingdoms which founded modern day Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Hejaz and the Sultanate of Najd.

The date palm tree represents vitality and growth.
The crossed scimitars symbolize justice and strength rooted in faith.

Child pornography

Child pornography is pornography that exploits children. It is against the law in many countries. Child pornography is made by taking pictures or videos, or more rarely sound recordings, of children who are wearing less clothing than usual, wearing no clothing, or being raped. It can also be made using illustrations of children. Child pornography is sometimes called "child sexual abuse images" because it is images (pictures) of a child who is being sexually abused. Child pornography can be made by setting up a camera or other recording device and molesting a child.

Child pornography can also be drawn, written, or created by a computer. In that case, it is called "simulated child pornography", "virtual child pornography", "non-photographic child pornography", or "pseudo-photographic child pornography": the child in the pornography is simulated, virtual, or drawn, meaning the child is not real.

There are several possible reasons for a person to look at child pornography. The most common is that the viewer is a pedophile, hebephile, or ephebophile who finds minors sexually attractive and uses pornography featuring minors to induce arousal. Viewers may be curious about the subject. Or a person who plans to commit statutory rape may plan to show the pornography to a minor as a form of grooming to convince the minor that minors having sex with adults is normal. Mexico is the largest distributor of child pornography in the world.

Between 2016 and 2018, many countries made their child pornography laws more similar, which let police from different countries work together more easily. In particular, the word "child" in the new child pornography laws is used as a synonym for legal minors under the age of 18. This can be confusing because "child" usually means a person who has not yet reached puberty. However, in 2007, the United States already had laws forbidding pornography with models under 18, and most people who were arrested for owning child pornography around that time had images of children who have not started puberty.

Some countries consider virtual or non-photographic child pornography which depict children who are not real to be a type of child porn that is illegal, whereas other countries do not consider this type of child porn illegal. Making this type of child porn illegal has been controversial. This is due to multiple reasons: due to the opinion that it is pointless to protect children who are not real, the opinion that such laws remove people of their rights, a fear that these laws can cover harmless material, and the fear that it is possible to exploit such laws to charge harmless individuals with heavily disproportionate charges. Another criticism that is often given to the illegal nature of pornographic depiction of fictional children is the assertion that removing a potential a pedophile's ability to access an alternative to the "real thing" will encourage them abuse real children. Research on whether this is true or not has produced mixed results.

In England due to a 2009 act, basically all non-photographic child pornography is illegal, even if it is something unrealistic, such as an anime drawing. However, charges for unrealistic non-photographic child porn possession or creation which do not involve real children tend to get dismissed by judges at trials and are not treated overly seriously.

The Internet is a common place for people to share child pornography, especially on the dark web. When police officers find child pornography on the Internet, it is difficult for them to track down the molester and the other people who have looked at the recording.

Child molestation is when an adult touches a child in the genital area (between the legs), buttocks, or breasts, or a child is made to touch an adult in those areas. An adult touching any part of a child's body is also sometimes called molestation. Molestation is very harmful to children and can traumatize them for years or for the rest of their lives. An adult recording an instance of molestation as child pornography also harms the child. This harm from the recording is added to the harm from the molestation itself. Knowing that the molestation was recorded can slow down the child's healing from the abuse. The adult who has the recording can sell the recording, or threaten to share it with other adults to scare the child in the recording and make them obey the adult.



Felching

Felching is a human sexual practice in which one person sucks semen or other fluids out of the vagina or anus of a another person. The acts of sucking the semen and then passing it from the mouth of one person to a third person is called snowballing. However, snowballing usually relates to semen ejaculated in the mouth following fellatio.

Felching can also mean the licking or sucking of another person's anus, similar to the act of anilingus.

Hawk Nelson

Hawk Nelson is a Christian rock band from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. The band was started in 2003. The band has released three albums and several EPs. Their latest album is "Hawk Nelson Is My Friend". 

As a band Hawk Nelson have toured much. In the spring of 2008, they were the main band on the Green T-tour along with the bands Capital Lights and Run Kid Run.

Hawk Nelson played music without help when they first started. They later signed to the record label Tooth & Nail Records. The band became quite popular in their music scene and have some charted singles.

A good amount of their music was made with help from Trevor McNevan from Fm static

Child prostitution

Child prostitution is prostitution involving children. It is important to note that this term is not considered appropriate or child or victim-centered unless specifically referring to a law that uses this language, as children in almost all jurisdictions do not have the ability to consent to sexual acts. The internationally recognized terms include child sexual exploitation and commercial sexual exploitation of children. They are children who get paid for sex acts. Sometimes, the children do not get paid with money, but they are given other things in exchange for having sex such as toys. Sometimes, the child isn't paid with anything at all and is being forced to be a prostitute by an abuser. The meaning of "child prostitute" varies. In most cases, it is not the child who makes money from the prostitution, but another person. This is either a pimp, or someone who directly abuses the child. This person will make a deal directly with the child to get sexual gratification. Different people may also exchange children to have sex with.

The Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 (Convention No 182) of the International Labour Organization (ILO) provides that the "use, procuring or offering of a child for prostitution" is one of the "worst forms of child labor". This convention from 1999, provides that countries that have signed it must get rid of child prostitution s soon as possible. It has the fastest pace of ratifications in the ILO's history since 1919.

The prostitution of children is seen as part of the commercial sexual exploitation of children, and is sometimes connected to the trafficking of children for sexual purposes, and to child pornography. Child sex tourism also falls within the category of the prostitution of children.
In 1992, researcher and expert Ron O'Grady estimated the number of child prostitutes to be 1 million.

In 2001, Dr. Richard Estes and Dr. Neil Alan Weiner estimated that in the U.S., 162,000 U.S. homeless youth are victims of commercial sexual exploitation (CVE) and that 57,800 children in homes (including public housing) are estimated to be victims of CVE. They also estimated that 30% of shelter youth and 70% of homeless youth are victims of CVE in the United States. One third of street-level prostitutes in the U.S. are less 18 years old while 50% of off-street prostitutes are less than 18 years old. Off-street prostitution includes massage parlors, strip clubs, and escort services. According to Estes and Weiner, 12 to 14 is the average age of entry into prostitution for girls in the United States.

In Ukraine, a survey conducted by the group “La Strada-Ukraine” in 2001-2003, based on a sample of 106 women being 'trafficked' out of Ukraine found that 3% were under 18. The US State Department reported in 2004 that incidents of minors being trafficked was increasing.

In Thailand, NGOs have estimated that up to a third of prostitutes are children under 18. A study by the International Labor Organization on child prostitution in Vietnam reported that the number of children in prostitution is steadily increasing and children under 18 make up between 5% and 20% of prostitution depending on the geographical area.

In the Philippines, UNICEF estimated that there are 60,000 child prostitutes and many of the 200 brothels in the notorious Angeles City offer children for sex.

ECPAT New Zealand and Stop Demand Foundation have cited in a report “The Nature and Extent of the Sex Industry in New Zealand,” a police survey of the New Zealand sex industry that 210 children under the age of 18 years were identified as selling sex, with three-quarters being concentrated in one Police District.

The 1996 report of the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography estimates that about one million children in Asia are victims of the sex trade. According to the International Labor Organization, the problem is especially alarming in Korea, Thailand, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, Cambodia and Nepal.

A 2006 report by World Vision Middle East/Eastern Europe funded by the Canadian government and supported by six United Nations agencies and the International Organization for Migration reported that the sexual exploitation of children, child trafficking and sexual violence towards minors is increasing and that Russia is becoming a new destination for child sex tourism. The report adds that some studies claim approximately 20 to 25 percent of Moscow's sex workers are minors.

In Africa and South Asia, many countries are faced with a rising child prostitution rate and the linkage with tourism is evident. Child prostitution and the trafficking of children for sexual exploitation is also increasing in Europe, North America, and Australia.

In Rio de Janeiro, the City Social Assistance Secretary estimates that there are 223 child prostitutes, both boys and girls. Some are transvestites. The transactions are intermediated by pimps. They charged from 2 reals (US$ 0,36 in 09/29/2020) to 30 reals (US$ %,34 in 09/29/2020). The children are between 10 and 17 years old. In some cases, the families are involved in the prostitution.


Hawk Nelson Is My Friend

Hawk Nelson is my Friend is an album by Christian rock band Hawk Nelson. It was released on April 1, 2008.

The title was taken because they find it funny - some people still think of Hawk Nelson as a person instead of a band. It was also chosen because, Hawk Nelson like to connect with fans, and make friends with them.


It also includes a special edition CD/DVD with extra tracks and a paper board game. Also including a video showing how the music video for "Friend Like That" was made. It has four other videos from the band.

"Friend Like That" was the only single from this album. It was first made available on music programmes such as Itunes. It was announced a while before, and was available on Christmas Eve 2007. However, it was taken early on websites such as YouTube.

Child grooming

Child grooming is a term which describes the following situation. When an adult becomes friends with a child, this is sometimes done for a reason. The reason is to lower the inhibitions of the child and to prepare for sexual abuse. So, any action taken by an adult to form a trusting relationship with a child, with the intent of later having sexual contact, is 'child grooming'.

The act of grooming a child may include activities that are legal, but later lead to sexual contact. The grooming is done to gain the child's trust, and the trust of those responsible for the child. Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone the child knows, trusts, and cares about. Also, a relationship with the family means the child's parents will be less likely to believe any accusations.


Sexual grooming of children also occurs on the internet. Some abusers pose as children online and make arrangements to meet with them in person.

In 2003, MSN implemented restrictions in their chat rooms purportedly intended to help protect children from adults seeking sexual conversations with them. In 2005, Yahoo! chat rooms were investigated by the New York State attorney general's office for allowing users to create rooms whose names suggested that they were being used for this purpose. That October, Yahoo! agreed to "implement policies and procedures designed to ensure" that such rooms would not be allowed.

An organization called Perverted-Justice (known as PJ) uses PJ operatives posing as underage teens on the internet to identify potential child molesters and turn the information over to the police and the courts. The news program "Dateline NBC" features the recurring segment "To Catch a Predator", based on documenting such activities.

An organization called Crisp Thinking has created an expert service providing social platforms and apps with the risk protection they need to protect their users from sexual exploitation, child abuse images and trolls.

Another software company in the UK has developed a program that hold as competitor to Crisp, called Sentry Parental Controls . It was launched by television personality Coleen Nolan and is supported by Mark Williams-Thomas, a leading expert in child protection.

Cynic

The Cynics (, ) were an important group of philosophers from the ancient school of Cynicism. Their philosophy taught that the purpose of life was to live a life of Virtue in agreement with Nature. This meant rejecting all the usual desires for wealth, power, health, and fame, and by living a life free from all possessions. People are reasoning creatures. They could therefore gain happiness by rigorous training and by living in a way which was natural for humans. They believed that the world belonged equally to everyone, and that suffering was caused by false judgments of what was valuable and by the worthless customs and conventions which surrounded society. Many of these thoughts were later absorbed into Stoicism.

The first philosopher to outline these themes was Antisthenes, who had been a pupil of Socrates in the late 5th century BCE. He was followed by Diogenes of Sinope, who lived in a tub on the streets of Athens, took Cynicism to its logical extremes, and came to be seen as the archetypal Cynic philosopher. He was followed by Crates of Thebes who gave away a large fortune so he could live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens. Cynicism spread with the rise of Imperial Rome in the 1st century, and Cynics could be found begging and preaching throughout the cities of the Empire. It finally disappeared in the late 5th century, although many of its ascetic and rhetorical ideas were adopted by early Christians.

Botanical Garden of Curitiba

The Botanical Garden of Curitiba () - also known as the "Jardim Botânico Fanchette Rischbieter" - is in the Jardim Botânico district in the city of Curitiba, the capital of the state of Paraná, the biggest city of southern Brazil.

It is the major tourist attraction of the city. In 2007, it was the most voted place in an online election to choose the "Seven Wonders of Brazil". The botanical garden houses part of the campus of the Federal University of Paraná. It is the unofficial symbol of the city and of all South Brazil.
The international identification code is CURIT.

The first Botanical Garden in Curitiba was the Passeio Público ("Public Promenade Park"), in 19th century. Inaugurated by the President of Paraná Province Alfredo d’Escragnolle Taunay, was the first public park of the city.

The official name - "Jardim Botânico Fanchette Rischbieter" - is a tribute to Francisca Maria (Fanchette) Garfunkel Rischbieter (1929-1989), pioneer planner in urban planning of Curitiba.

Opened in the administration of the mayor of Curitiba, Jaime Lerner, on October 5, 1991 on an old dump, was created in the style of French gardens. The design of flowerbeds geometrical gardens was inspired by the flag of the city, which can be clearly seen in an aerial view of the place. The greenhouses of iron and glass - the main one of them inspired in the Crystal Palace (a building that existed in London in 1851) were designed by the architect Abraão Assad, who also planned the Botanical Museum.

The Botanical Garden of Curitiba is the most famous of Curitiba's landmarks and contains many Brazilian plants and from other countries, spread across boulevards and greenhouses of iron and glass - the main one of them, in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure, looks like the mid-19th century Crystal Palace in England. 

Once the portal of entry, may be seen extensive gardens in the French style in the middle of fountains, waterfalls and lakes, and the main greenhouse of 458 square meters, which holds in its interior, copies plants characteristic of tropical regions. It rolls out its carpet of flowers to the visitors right at the entrance, between 6 geometric gardens (each one illuminated by chandeliers with Republican-style, each with five lanterns), each with 4 flowerbeds - totaling 24 flowerbeds - enclosed by buxaceae and adorned with seasonal flowers. This occupies 278.000 m² in area. The principal greenhouse, with three domes, in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure, looks like the mid-19th century Crystal Palace in London, England. The Botanic Museum, which provides a national reference collection of native flora, attracts researchers from all over the world. It includes many botanic species from the moist Atlantic Forests of eastern Brazil. 

The native forest have many paths for walk. Behind the greenhouse is the Museum of Franz Krajcberg , the Polish Brazilian artist who took up the cause of environmental conservation; with 1,320 square meters of area, divided into multimedia classrooms, an auditorium with 60 seats and lounge with several exhibitions of works donated by visual artist, represented by sculptures and reliefs, as well as photographs, videos, publications and educational materials.

In the other side is the Botanical Museum, a wooden building which entrance using a bridge made of wood also. Actually, the Botanical Museum of Curitiba has the fourth largest herbarium in the country. In front of the construction there is a pond with carp, turtles, teal, herons, etc., and offers a lake, an auditorium, a library, an expositions area and a theatre. The park also has tennis courts and a cycle track.

More than a postcard of the city, or a place for leisure and recreation, is a research center for the flora of Paraná, contributing to environmental education, preservation and conservation of nature.

Like all botanical gardens, the curitiban has a great variety of plants and also has the objective of cultivate them, protect them, study them and reproduce them. 

In 2008, another greenhouse was built to research, shelter and reproduction of Brazilian living plants - and in danger of extinction - and Brazilian native ornamental plants. In contrast to main greenhouse, this is not open to the public; it serves to scientific research and is home to rare plants to prevent disappearance of nature. It is made of polycarbonate and has internal system of irrigation and temperature control.


In order to appreciate the native plants, in 2007, the Garden of Native Plants of Curitiba was created; every plant in the garden is native, even the grass. Because it has no exotic plants, the garden attracts lots of butterflies and other pollinating insects


In the past, the Atlantic Forest was the second largest forest in Brazil; currently there is less than 5% of forest in the country.

This is the native vegetation of Curitiba. The araucaria moist forests are a subtropical moist forest ecoregion of southern Brazil, and is now one of the most endangered biomas of the world; corresponds to approximately 40% of the vegetation of the "Jardim Botânico de Curitiba". The park was created in order to protect this biodiversity.

Next to one of the lakes, 200 seedlings of trees and shrubs native of the Serra do Mar of Paraná were planted; the Mountain Range of the Sea () is a 1,500 km long system of mountain ranges and escarpments in Southeastern Brazil, which runs in parallel to the Atlantic Ocean coast. Some planted species were cultivated on the coast of Paraná and then transplanted into the garden of plants of the Serra do Mar.


Every year, in July, the prunus serrulata blossoms; there are about 30 trees, planted in a path that connects the parking to the portal of entrance of the park.

In the capital city of Parana, the first seedlings were taken by Japanese immigrants in the first half of the 20th century, but began to be planted in large quantities from the 1990s, with the opening of the Botanical Garden. Now the seedlings are produced by the city and used in afforestation of streets and squares.


Opened in 2008, the "Jardim das Sensações" is a track of 200 meters long where visitors walk blindfolded (without the vision) to know some plants and natural landscapes using the other senses. More than 70 plant species with smells, textures, shapes and sizes fill the course of the Garden. 

Occupies an area of 2381 meters square surrounded by trees that help to isolate external noise and, to guarantee the surprise, it is hidden by a fence of bamboo. All elements of the track are identified in Braille, the language made with points in high relief used by blind persons. The space is free and monitored, where small groups are organized to make the experience (that can walk the path with or without the blindfold). Receives approximately 5,000 visitors per week.




The Museu Botânico de Curitiba ("Botanical Museum of Curitiba") is inside the Botanical Garden of the city; has ample space for exhibitions, library and auditorium. Was founded in 1965, when the botanist Gerdt Günther Hatschbach donated his private collection to the municipality of Curitiba. Today, the collection is the fourth largest in Brazil, with more than 333,000 specimens.

The Museum has developed an exchange program for botanical material, and exchanges material with 207 institutions worldwide (53 in Brazil, 154 in other places). Due to this program, around 90% of the collection has been identified by specialists; it makes the Botanical Museum of Curitiba an international reference for botanical material - receives annually an average of 400 research scientist visitors, and includes specialists and graduate students.

Each year, the collection increases by approximately 15,000 specimens.

Amor Materno ("Maternal Love") - Sculpture of Polish artist João Zaco Paraná (stage name of Jan Żak) (1884-1961), cast in bronze and placed in a fountain. This sculpture was made in 1907 (in the same year, the Polish-Brazilian artist won the special prize of the "Hall of Fine Arts in Brussels"), and was donated by the Polish colony of Brazil to honor all paranaense mothers in the celebration of 300th anniversary of the city in 1993.

Zaco Paraná immigrated with his parents to Brazil in 1896; was the author of many monuments, statues, sculptures, etc. in several Brazilian states and around the world.

Torso do Trabalhador ("Worker's Trunk") - Sculpture of paranaense artist Erbo Stenzel (1911-1980), cast in bronze and placed inside the glasshouse, in a fountain. This sculpture was made in 1941 and was placed in 1994 to honor all the workers of the world, when Curitiba hosted the "World Habitat Day" in 1995 - an event celebrated by UN to make reflection on the situation of cities and the human right to adequate housing, as well remind the world of its collective responsibility for the habitat for future generations.

Erbo Stenzel was born in Parana State, descendant of Germans and Austrians; held many monuments and sculptures of political personalities of the state and about local culture.

The "Frans Krajcberg Cultural Space" is behind the main greenhouse. Originally opened to be a orchidary, received the artworks in 2003, including 110 large sculptures (all made from the remains of burned or illegally cut down trees), reliefs, photographs, videos and texts. The name "The Revolt" expresses the artist's feeling about the complete destruction caused by man in the Brazilian forests. There is also an exhibit of photos taken by the sculptor and selling books related to the artist. The main purpose of the space is, according to Krajcberg, environmental awareness. All works were donated by the artist.

Krajcberg was born in 1921, in Poland. Son of a Jewish family who disappeared in 1945 (in the Holocaust), left for Brazil in 1948 and became a naturalized Brazilian years later. Received many awards around the world, and other "Frans Krajcberg Cultural Space" - but in Paris. But in Curitiba Botanic Garden was the first place in the world that was specifically designed to house his works. The gallery receives about 60,000 visitors each year.

The new Botanical Garden was part of many other creations of Mayor Jaime Lerner, who at time had created the slogan for the city "The Ecological Capital of Brazil". It quickly became an icon of the city, and the image of the main greenhouse is the most landmark used in advertising about the city, becoming the unofficial symbol of Curitiba and of all the South region of Brazil.

The city of Concórdia, in Santa Catarina state, built a mall inspired in the greenhouse of the Botanical Garden; another construction evidently inspired is the Shopping Pátio Higienópolis, in São Paulo City. The logo for the candidacy of Curitiba as the host city of the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil was also inspired in the park's glasshouse.

As the best known place in the city, the image of greenhouse is used from many manifestations: since 2008, the park lights are turned off by one hour as a way to join the Earth Hour (an global event organized by World Wide Fund for Nature - WWF - held on the last Saturday of March annually); every year, in October, the greenhouse is illuminated with pink, to support the "Breast Cancer Awareness Month"; in December, an Christmas decoration is made, as part of the "Christmas of Light". And a thousand days to the World Cup in Brazil (2014), between 16 and 23 September 2011 was made an tribute with the light colors of the flags of each country that has won the championship: Brazil, Italy, Germany, Uruguay, Argentina, England, France and Spain. At the same year Curitiba became part of the cities engaged in the "Decade of Action for Road Safety", by United Nations; the yellow color, that in traffic means "attention", lighted the greenhouse.
The park has Wi-Fi at many places. To access the network of free wireless internet is necessary first register on the site of Passport Curitiba .

The Irineu Marinho Velodrome (also known as Curitiba Velodrome) was opened in 1979 and is the first Brazilian velodrome to have a public cycling school. The measurements are Olympic, with 333,33 meters long and holds national and international competitions.

In 1982, it was refurbished and in 2002 and underwent a major renovation. Due to the work of their coaches, became an important way to formation of many of Brazil's best cyclists, male or female, forming teams representing the state and the country to participate in national championships, international and Olympic.

The Velodrome Center for Sport and Leisure

The "Center for Sport and Recreation" has the velodrome cycling track, courts to beach football and sand volleyball, and three tennis courts. It offers activities guided by physical education teachers, like gymnastics, walking and cycling. In 2010, he was installed an "outdoor gym", and like the other things, is open to the public and completely free.

On Eng. Ostoja Roguski Street, s/n°, Jardim Botânico Neighborhood, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. Free open daily to visitors from 6 am till 9 pm during summertime and from 6 am till 8 pm during the rest of the year. Phone: +55 (41) 3362-5289.



Samekh

Samekh or Simketh is the fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets, including Phoenician, Hebrew, and Aramaic, representing .

The Phoenician letter is where the Greek Xi (Ξ, ξ) comes from.

Samekh represents , a voiceless alveolar fricative. Unlike most Semitic consonants, the pronunciation of remains constant between vowels and before voiced consonants.

Samekh in gematria has the value 60.

Samekh and Mem form the abbreviation for the Angel of Death, whose name in Hebrew is "Samael". It also stands for centimetre.

Aleph

Aleph is the first letter of the Hebrew alphabet.


Aleph ("a" pronounced as "father") has a mute sound and is represented by the symbol "א".


Mem

Mem is the thirteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Nun (letter)

Nun is the fourteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Yodh

Yodh (also spelled Yod, or Yud) is the tenth letter from Masha and the Bear and of the Hebrew alphabet.

Thee Michelle Gun Elephant

Thee Michelle Gun Elephant (or TMGE) was a Japanese punk band. The band was started in 1991 when the members were students at a university near Tokyo. They released their first big label album in 1995. TMGE has released a total of 16 singles and 8 albums. In October 2003, the band said they were breaking up. 




List of Shahrukh Khan's awards and nominations

This page is an incomplete list of awards and nominations of Shahrukh Khan, an Indian actor. He has won 14 Filmfare Awards, 9 Star Screen Awards, 3 IIFA Awards, 8 Zee Cine Awards, 3 Bollywood Movie Awards, 2 Global Indian Film Awards & many other awards. He also has won all the Best Actor Awards at Star's Sabsey Favourite Kaun Awards. He was also honoured Rajiv Gandhi Award for Excellence in the Field of Entertainment in 2002 & Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award from the Government of India in 2005.


Special Awards

Shahrukh Khan has won 8 Filmfare Best Actor Awards in his 19 year career.

Winner

Nominated

Winner

Nominated

Winner

Nominated
Special Award

Winner

Winner
Nominated

Winner
Nominated



In 2004, "Time" magazine in their third annual special on Asia's heroes selected him along with 19 other Asians as the "20 Asian Heroes under the age of 40".

In 2005 he appeared on the cover of the Asian edition of "National Geographic" magazine dated February 2005. This was a rare honour extended by National Geographic since unlike many other magazines celebrities are not their natural choice for a cover image.

He is the only Indian to receive UNESCO Pyramide con Marni award for his charity work in 2011.


Gauri Khan

Gauri Khan () (née Chibber, born 8 October 1970) is an Indian movie producer. A Hindu of Punjabi Mohyal origin, born in New Delhi, India. She graduated from Modern School, New Delhi and has a degree in History from Lady Sriram College. She is married to Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan. She has produced some of the movies with her husband as the main actor, including Paheli (an unsuccessful Indian submission to the Oscars in 2005), Main Hoon Na, and Om Shanti Om. She also made a short guest appearance in Om Shanti Om.
She used to host a weekly Hindi music countdown show, "Oye", for a music channel in the 1990s. She is the face of the fashion line, "Aftershock". She was on the January 2008 cover of the Indian edition of Vogue magazine.

Together with Shahrukh Khan, Gauri is part-owner and part-producer of the production company, Red Chillies Entertainment (RCE). Shah Rukh started the company for his friend and colleague, director-choreographer Farah Khan. With the backing of RCE, Farah launched her directorial career with the movie, Main Hoon Na (2004).

Gauri has three children: Aryan Khan born 12 November 1997, Suhana Khan born 23 May 2000 and AbRam Khan born in 2013.

She was also crowned the queen of Bollywood at the Zee Cine Awards in 2008.

Computer performance

Computer performance is the amount of useful work that a computer system can perform compared to the time it takes to perform this work. Less time and fast response time mean higher performance.


Chittagong Hill Tracts

The Chittagong Hill Tracts (Bengali:পার্বত্য চট্টগ্রাম), (Parbotto Chôṭṭogram) comprise an area of 13,189 km2 in south-eastern Bangladesh. The area forms the border of Bangladesh with the Republic of India and Burma. It was a single district of East Pakistan till 1971. In that year it was divided into three separate districts: Khagrachari, Rangamati and Bandarban. Topographically, this is the only hill intensive area of the People's Republic. With a population of Around 800,000 Indigenous peoples (Native (non-Bengali). The Chittagong Hill Tracts is one of the most diverse regions in the country in terms of geography, ethnicity, culture and traditions of the people. The indigenous distinct Jumma people are distinct and different from the majority Bengali people of present-day "Bangla-desh" in respect of race, language, culture, heritage, religion, political history and economy.

When India was split into two separate countries in 1948, the Radcliffe Line gave this area to East Pakistan (Bangladesh), which was mostly Muslim, even though most people in the area were Buddhists. Today most people are Buddhist, some Christians and animists. The major ethnic groups among 13 peoples are the Chakma, Tipra, Murong and Magh, Marma, Tanchangya, Mro, Lushai, Khumi, Chak, Khiyang, Bawm, Pangkhua and with the Ten indigenous languages. Beside, a very small number of descendants of Ahamiya, Gorkha and Santal also live there. They collectively identify themselves as the Jumma people (High Landers), the first people of the CHT.but almost 50% of the present day's population are immigrated Bengali Muslim settlers. Since the Independence of Bangla-Desh the indigenous population was faced with increasing immigration of settlers from the mainland, fostered by the central nationalist government. Among the tribal nations first political and civil, later (since the 1980s) armed resistance was organised, especially by the Shanti Bahini guerrilla movement. In reaction the whole region was heavily militarised and the police and army unleashed a wide spread repression with a serious human rights violations. The 5-points-manifesto of the Jana Samhati Samiti, released on 7 September 1987, was focused on a well entrenched Autonomy:






On 2 December 1997 a "Peace agreement" was signed by the government and Parvatya Chattagram Jana Samhati Samiti, the political platform of the indigenous peoples, granting a limited level of autonomy to three districts of CHT. The Jana Samhati Samiti transformed into a party, but this treaty has never been implemented, as it was opposed by both the opposition parties of Bangla Desh and by the majority fraction of the Shanti Bahini. The previous nationalists Bangla Desh government of Khaleda Zia promised to re-launch the peace process, but until now did not accomplish with its promises.

Before the colonization, the indigenous Jumma people of CHT were independent. There had been no external interference by any outside power in the affairs of the CHT until 1787, when an agreement was signed with the British. British colonization actually started in 1860. From 1787 to 1860 the British government did not intervene in the internal administration of the CHT. After 1860 and until 1900 the British government administered CHT through a set of Rules promulgated from time to time. For the maintenance of discipline among the police personnel in the CHT, Frontier Police Regulation III of 1881 was promulgated on the 7 December 1881 and CHT Police Force was raised with indigenous Jumma people. For the good government of the CHT, in 1900 the British government enacted the CHT Regulation 1 of 1900 and declared it as an Excluded Area, in order to protect the Jumma people from economic exploitation by non-indigenous Bengali people and to preserve their traditional socio-cultural and political institutions based on customary laws, community ownership of land and so on.

Through the Partition of India, CHT was ceded to the Dominion of Pakistan. The Pakistani government recognized CHT as an Excluded Area and even in the first Constitution of Pakistan, which was adopted in 1956, CHT was declared as an Excluded Area under the CHT Regulation of 1900. From the very outset, the Pakistani government looked upon the Jumma people with an eye of suspicion for being anti-Pakistani as well as anti-Islamic. There was discrimination against the Jumma people in employment, business and education. The government policy was clearly revealed by the repeal of the CHT Frontier Police Regulation of 1881, thus disbanding the Jumma police force in 1948. Even in 1950, in implementing its brazen designs violating the principles and spirit of the CHT Regulation of 1900, the Government of Pakistan started Bengali Muslim settlement program, which continued up to 1966. The government had enacted the CHT (Land Acquisition) Regulation in 1958 in order to grab Jumma people’s ancestral lands. Moreover, the government snatched away the rights and privileges of the Jumma people by canceling the Excluded Area status of the CHT in 1963. In 1960, in order to carry out its plan and break down the economic backbone of the Jumma people of the CHT in the name of so-called industrial development, the Pakistani government built the Kaptai hydro-electric dam on the Karnaphuli river in the heartland of the indigenous Jumma people.

During the Separatists War of 1971, the then Chakma King sided with the Pakistanis, so when independence came, the Adivasis’ plea for special status fell on deaf ears. The Chakma king left for Pakistan and later became that country’s ambassador to Argentina.

Meanwhile, more and more Bengalis were migrating into the area, usurping the land. In 1973 the Adivasis initiated an insurgency. To counter it, the government, in 1979, started issuing permits to landless Bengalis to settle there, with title to tribal land. This practice continued for six years and resulted in a mass migration of approximately 400,000 people into the area – almost as many as all the tribal groups combined. Countless human-rights abuses occurred as the army tried to put down the revolt.

From 1973 until 1997 the Hill Tracts area was the scene of a guerrilla war between the Bangladeshi army and the Shanti Bahini rebels. The troubles stemmed from the cultural clash between the tribal groups and the plains people. After nine months of war of separatism against Pakistan, Bangladesh emerged as an independent state on 16 December 1971. The Jumma people then had hoped that the new rulers of Bangladesh would realize their hopes and aspirations. So the Jumma people demanded to the then government for regional autonomy in a democratic way. Unfortunately, the government of Bangladesh did not respect their fundamental rights and did not write even a single word in the Constitution regarding the entity and safeguard of the Jumma people. Rather, immediately following the independence of Bangladesh in early 1972 the CHT underwent militarization. When the democratic movement to safeguard the national existence of the Jumma people was negotiated by the government with repressive measures through the civil and police administrations, including through militarization with the construction of three Army cantonments, it forced Manabendra Narayan Larma, the then MP and the hero of the CHT Jumma movement, to call for an armed struggle. An armed wing of PCJSS was formed with the name of Shanti Bahini (Peace Force). Since 1979 the Government of Bangladesh has undertaken a drastic program to settle the Bengali population from other Districts of Bangladesh to CHT, so that they would outnumber the Jumma people and use them as human shields for the protection of the Army personnel. At least four hundred thousands of Bengali Muslims were transferred into the CHT and settled on Jumma people’s lands.

The PCJSS has always kept the door open for dialogue for resolving the CHT problem through political and peaceful means. For this purpose, the PCJSS held 6 and 13 times formal dialogues with the governments of Ershad and Khaleda Zia respectively. During the last one, after holding 7 round of dialogues with Sheikh Hasina government, the 'CHT Accord' was signed between the National Committee on the CHT on behalf of the government of Bangladesh and the PCJSS on behalf of the permanent residents of the CHT in Dhaka on 2 December 1997.

Trusted third party

In cryptography, a trusted third party (TTP) is an entity which makes interactions between two parties easy. Both parties must trust the third party; they use this trust to secure their own interactions.

TTPs are commonly used by cryptosystems.

Needham-Schroeder protocol

The term Needham-Schroeder protocol can refer to one of two communication protocols intended for use over an insecure network, both protocols designed by Roger Needham and Michael Schroeder. 

The two protocols are:



Kerberos (protocol)

Kerberos (pronounced "kur-ber-uhs") is a computer network authentication protocol, which allows people communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner. It is also a suite of free software published by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) that implements this protocol. Its designers aimed primarily at a client-server model, and it provides mutual authentication — both the user and the server verify each other's identity. Kerberos protocol messages are protected against spying and replay attacks.

Kerberos performs authentication as a trusted third party authentication service by using cryptographic shared secret under the assumption that packets traveling along the insecure network can be read, modified, and inserted. Kerberos builds on symmetric-key cryptography and requires a key distribution center. Extensions to Kerberos can provide for the use of public-key cryptography during certain phases of authentication.

MIT developed Kerberos to protect network services provided by Project Athena. The protocol was named after the Greek mythological character "Kerberos" (or "Cerberus"), known in Greek mythology as being the monstrous three-headed guard dog of Hades. Several versions of the protocol exist; versions 1–3 used only internally at MIT.

Steve Miller and Clifford Neuman , the primary designers of Kerberos version 4 (which used the DES encryption algorithm with 56-bit keys),
published that version in 1989, although they had targeted it primarily for Project Athena. 
Version 5, designed by John Kohl and Clifford Neuman, appeared as in 1993 (made obsolete by in 2005), with the intention of overcoming the limitations and security problems of Version 4. The MIT makes an implementation of Kerberos Version 5 freely available, under a software license similar to that used by BSD license.

Several companies used Kerberos Version 5 in commercial software including:

In 2005, the IETF Kerberos working group introduced a new updated specifications for Kerberos Version 5 . updates include:

In 2007, MIT formed the Kerberos Consortium for continuation of development.

Kerberos uses as its basis the Needham-Schroeder protocol. It makes use of a trusted third party authentication known as "key distribution center (KDC)", which consists of two logically separate parts: an Authentication Server (AS) and a Ticket Granting Server (TGS). Kerberos works on the basis of "tickets" (called Kerberos tickets) which serve to prove the identity of users.

Kerberos database: The key distribution center (KDC) maintains a database of secret keys; each entity on the network — whether a client or a server — shares a secret key known only to itself and to the KDC. Knowledge of this key serves to prove the identity of each entity. For communication between two entities, the KDC generates a session key which they can use to secure their communications.

The term "Kerberos server" generally refers to the KDC. For reliability purposes, it is possible to have backup KDCs. These are referred to as "Kerberos slave servers". All slaves synchronize their databases from the master Kerberos server.

The term "Kerberized application server" generally refers to Kerberized programs that clients communicate with using Kerberos tickets for authentication. For example, the Kerberos telnet server is an example of a Kerberized application server . While the term "Kerberized applications" is used to referrer to the client side of Kerberized application server , For example, the Kerberos telnet client is an example of a Kerberized applications

The security of the protocol depends heavily on:

The following abbreviations will be used:

Briefly, the client authenticates to AS using a long-term "shared secret" and receives a ticket from the AS. Later the client can use this ticket to get additional tickets for SS using the same shared secret. These tickets can be used to prove authentication to SS.

User Client-based Logon Steps:


Client Authentication Steps:


Client Service Authorization Steps:


Client Service Request Steps:






Key distribution center

In cryptography, a key distribution center (KDC) is part of a cryptosystem intended to minimize the risks of exchanging keys and shared secrets.

KDCs often operate in systems when some users may have permission to use certain resources at some times but not at any times.



Alonzo Church

Alonzo Church (June 14, 1903 – August 11, 1995) was an American mathematician and logician who made major contributions to mathematical logic and the foundations of theoretical computer science. He is best known for the lambda calculus, Church's thesis and the Church-Rosser theorem.

Software suite

A software suite or application suite, is a collection of computer programs —usually application software or programming software— of related functionality, often sharing a more-or-less common user interface and some ability to smoothly exchange data with each other. .

Sometimes software "suites" are at a lower price than buying each of "suite" programs.


Ayin

Ayin is the sixteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Dalet

Dalet (also spelled or Daleth) is the fourth letter of the Hebrew alphabet. In set theory, mathematicians originally intended to use daleth to represent the fourth transfinite cardinal numbers. The name "dalet" is connected to the word "delet", meaning "door". It also corresponds to the letter "delta" in the Greek alphabet.


Bet (letter)

Bet, Beth, or Vet is the second letter of the Hebrew alphabet. It is represented by "ב".

In set theory, the letter formula_1 is used to represent a series of infinite cardinal numbers (called beth numbers).

The Hebrew alphabet is often called "aleph-bet", because of its first two letters.


Gimel

Gimel is the third letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

The Phoenician letter gave rise to the Greek gamma (Γ), the Latin C, G and F, and the Cyrillic Г.

In set theory (particularly in the theory of infinite cardinal numbers), the formula_1 symbol is used to represent the gimel function. The Hebrew gimel corresponds to the letter G in English.


He (letter)

He or ה is the fifth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Waw (letter)

Waw (, also spelled vav or vau) () is the sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet. Its symbol in Ancient Hebrew writing is an arm raised up. Its symbol in Modern Hebrew writing today is a line going from top to bottom (ו). It makes the sounds of many letters, but usually makes the [v] sound.

Pornographic movie actor

A pornographic actor/actress or a porn star is somebody who appears in pornographic movies.

Jenna Jameson, Ron Jeremy, Marilyn Chambers and Linda Lovelace are some famous porn stars.

Friend Like That

Friend Like That is a Pop punk song released by the band Hawk Nelson. Made available on Christmas Eve on iTunes and other websites.

It's a song with simplicity and slightly silly but meaningful lyrics and the second song you will hear from their new album.

The music video for Friend Like That shows the band in a cartoon world. The singer, Jason Dunn is running while other members of the band wait patiently for him to reach them. Then they get into the bus and drive. During the breakdown, some of them are singing in the van. They get off the van and go through a door, to find themselves playing a live concert on stage.

Nonviolence

Nonviolence is a philosophy that rejects the use of physical violence. People who practice nonviolence when expressing their beliefs may use methods like education, persuasion, civil disobedience, and conscientious objection to military service. 
A demonstration by a group of people in a public place, to show their support or to protest, is permitted on the condition that it remain nonviolent. Sometimes the demonstrators are nonviolent but other people who oppose them will come to the demonstration and behave violently to show their opposition.

Some religious movements, such as the Society of Friends (Quakers) and Jainism with Ahimsa, are known for the practice of nonviolence. There are people who adopt nonviolence in midlife, such as St. Francis of Assisi. 

People who eat a vegetarian or vegan diet, and those who support animal rights, usually oppose any violence by humans against animals.



Abolitionism

Abolitionism was a movement that wanted to end the practice of slavery in Europe and in America. It was mainly active during the 18th and 19th centuries. Until the 18th century, few people criticized slavery. But thinkers of the Enlightenment started to criticize it, because in their opinion slavery was against human rights. Communities like the Quakers thought that slavery was contradicting with Christianity.

In the early 19th century several countries abolished the transatlantic slave trade, and later in the century they abolished slavery itself.

Race-based slavery was established in the early 16th century in the Portuguese and Spanish Empires. It soon spread to the parts of British North America, New France, and Spanish America that would become the U.S. in the 18th century. By the beginning of the 18th century, enslavement of black Africans was powering the economy in these areas. Most opposition to slavery was from enslaved people themselves.

During the American Revolution, beginning in 1775, the Virginia Governor, Lord Dunmore promised freedom to slaves and indenture servants "able and willing to take up arms" with the British. This proclamation would give freedom to the indentured servants and slaves held by the rebelling colonists, and wouldn't effect the loyalists. Many of the former slaves would die of disease, in fact 8 times as many blacks died of disease than died in battle. When the war ended, most slaves who decided to fight with the British were returned to servitude. Some black Loyalists were taken to Canada and elsewhere.

The American Army of the revolution contained many blacks, most of them coming from New England. The most significant black regiment was the 1st Rhode Island. The Regiment was created in 1778 and consisted of mostly blacks. Upon joining the regiment, the commander, Colonel Christopher Greene, would release any slave from servitude.

Following drafting, and signing of the new United States Constitution, blacks in the country were completely disenfranchised, and most remained slaves. Slavery began to decline. Most northern states outlawed its practice shortly after the Revolution, and in the south, Tobacco, the primary cash crop, was losing value In 1794, Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin. This new invention helped to increase the profitability of cotton by mechanically removing its seeds. After 1800 the amount of cotton produced in the United States would double every 10 years. By the middle of the century, the United States produced three quarters of the worlds cotton.

The Haitian Revolution, a slave rebellion that lasted from 1791 to 1804, changed the whole direction of the slave system. In the next 100 years, slavery would be legally abolished in many of the colonies controlled by European empires.

The Outsiders (novel)

The Outsiders is a novel by S. E. Hinton, first published in 1967 by Viking Press. Hinton was 15 when she began writing the novel and 17 when it was published. "The Outsiders" is the life story of fourteen-year-old Ponyboy Michael Curtis. Hinton explores many themes in the story, such as friendship, and coming of age. They are seen by following two rival groups, the Greasers and the Socs (pronounced "soashes" by the author, short for "Socials"), who are separated by status.

The book's story is set in Tulsa, Oklahoma. This is never said in the book. The book was made into a movie in 1983. It was also made into a television series in 1990.

Ponyboy and Johnny ran away to the park, after Ponyboy was late for curfew and Darry hit him. Bob and Randy get drunk and find Ponyboy and Johnny then they try to kill Ponyboy and Johnny. Bob tries to drown ponyboy and then Johnny kills Bob. Ponyboy and Johnny go hide in a church in another town with the help of Dally. While they are at a restaurant with Dally the church catches on fire and Ponyboy and Johnny go inside of the burning church and save the kids who are trapped inside. Johnny breaks his back in the church and goes to the Hospital and dies a few days later. Dally is so sad that Johnny is dead, that he robs a store. He points an unloaded firearm at the police and gets shot and killed by the police, as Ponyboy and the rest of the Greasers watch. Ponyboy chooses to write his homework about the things that happened in the book.

Civil disobedience

Civil disobedience is the active refusal to obey certain laws, demands and commands of a government, or of an occupying power, without resorting to physical violence. It is one of the primary tactics of nonviolent resistance.

The American author Henry David Thoreau pioneered the modern theory behind this practice in his 1849 essay "Civil Disobedience", originally titled "Resistance to Civil Government".

Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (also known as Mahatma Gandhi) used non-violent civil disobedience in South Africa in a campaign for civil rights for the people who came from India and lived in South Africa. This campaign was from 1893 to 1914. When Gandhi returned to India, he used civil disobedience in the campaign for the independence of India in 1930 from the British rule, when India was a British colony.

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr, and young activists in the American Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s also adopted civil disobedience techniques, during and after the Vietnam War.

Henry David Thoreau

Henry David Thoreau (July 12, 1817May 6, 1862) was an American author, naturalist and philosopher. His friend, Ralph Waldo Emerson had a great impact on him, and supported him in many ways. Emerson provided a place for Thoreau to live at Walden Pond, which inspired his book, "Walden". He is best known for his book, "Walden", a reflection upon simple living in natural surroundings, and his essay, "Civil Disobedience", an argument for individual resistance to civil government in moral opposition to an unjust state. 

Thoreau was born on July 12, 1817 in Concord, Massachusetts. He spent his childhood with his three brothers and sisters: John, Helen, and younger sister Sophia. His father owned a local pencil factory, and his mother rented out parts of the family home to boarders - people who come from other places. Thoreau received his education at the public school in Concord, the private Concord Academy, and graduated from Harvard College.

One day in the summer of 1841, Henry David Thoreau was worried about money after leaving his job at his father's pencil factory. Suddenly, the most famous writer at the time, Ralph Waldo Emerson, knocked on his door. Emerson asked him to work as a live-in handyman at his house. During the days he lived with Emerson, Thoreau began to have dreams of becoming a writer.
As the government needed money for the Mexican-American War, Henry David Thoreau refused to pay a direct tax for the war. This was his first protest against the government. He thought war was a bad thing, so it was necessary to resist government.  That led to him being put into jail. Although people gave him advice to pay the tax, he still didn't pay it. He didn't fear the government and at the same time inspired other people to join this protest. The night in the jail allowed him to start writing his essay, "Civil Disobedience", In the notes, he talked about the thought process of active, stated refusal of a citizen to obey certain laws or demands, orders of the state, and commands of a government. After twenty years, the notes were printed into a book by the same name, and read by many people, including Martin Luther King Jr.

On May 6, 1862, Thoreau died of tuberculosis, a disease, which had been affecting him for many years. After he died, he left behind many unfinished notes. Some of them were later printed. When Thoreau died, Ralph Waldo Emerson said of him in his funeral speech: "The country knows not yet, or in the least part, how great a son it has lost... His soul was made for the noblest society; he had in a short life exhausted the capabilities of this world; wherever there is knowledge, wherever there is virtue, wherever there is beauty, he will find a home."
He was first buried in the Dunbar family plot at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery in Concord, Massachusetts. However, in 1870, his grave was moved to Author's Ridge towards the back of the cemetery to be closer to the graves of his writer friends Emerson, Alcott, Hawthorne, and Channing.

Henry David Thoreau became successful because Ralph Waldo Emerson helped Thoreau spread his work in England. Thoreau's ideas were about nature. He was heavily influenced by Emerson, who also introduced him to . He set an example by doing things that inspired people during his lifetime. He is someone who didn’t follow normal social rules .His ideas made him stand out during that time. He also had concerns about the environment and helped to build a canal. 

"Walden" was printed in 1854, and it seemed to be one of the most well-liked books during that time. The book is about his stay in the woods by a pond in 1845 for two years, two months, two weeks, and two days. During this time, he learned many things like how to get in touch with nature and spend time with himself. The books, "The Maine Woods", "," and "" also supported these ideas of trying to have a more natural and non-material life-style.

Saying Sorry

"Saying Sorry" is a song by Hawthorne Heights. It was released in 2006 from their second album, "If Only You Were Lonely". It was their first single to reach the Top 10.

While in the music video the band all wears white, it can also be seen on the back of the album cover.

Love Parade

The Love Parade was a big festival centered around Techno music in Germany. Trucks with loudspeakers and deejays played loud music and passersby danced to it. The festival began in Berlin in 1989. It had been held most years in different locations. In 2004 and 2005, there were no Love Parades. The first Love Parade was held with about 150 people in 1989. In 1999, there were about 1.5 million people. In 2007, there were 1.2 million people and in 2008, there were 1.6 million people. The last Love Parade was held in 2010, at which 21 people were crushed to death.

The following are similar events in Germany:

The following are similar events in other countries:

There are also protest parades, like the Fuckparade in Berlin, and the "Antiparade" in Zürich.

The Silence in Black and White

The Silence in Black and White is the first album released by Hawthorne Heights. it was released on June 1, 2004. It was released by Victory Records. On Monday, June 27, 2005 the 2 disc special edition CD/DVD was released. The CD contains acoustic versions of most of the songs. It also contains a DVD containing live performances and many other features. It was produced by Sean O'Keefe. The album takes its title from a line in the song Niki FM. "The Silence in Black and White" has sold 816,483 in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.


CD

DVD

The Gamblers

The Gamblers is a German drama movie directed and written by Sebastian Bieniek. The movie was first released on June 20, 2007 in Shanghai.


Maleeha Lodhi

Dr. Maleeha Lodhi, HI, is a journalist, academic, and diplomat from Pakistan. Till recently, she was the high commissioner of Pakistan to the United Kingdom. She was ambassador from Pakistan to the United States from 1994-1997 and 1999-2002.

At present she is a Fellow at the Institute of Politics, Kennedy School, Harvard University. She has also been a member of the United Nations Secretary-General’s Advisory Board on Disarmament.

Naturism

The social movement known as naturism or nudism are people who believe that being nude with other people has many benefits. 

Seeing members of the opposite sex allows people to learn that nudity is not just about sex. Seeing a variety of bodies of all types produces a more realistic and positive self-image. 

Some naturists want to be nude in places to which only other naturists have access to, such as campgrounds or resorts. Others want areas of public property such as swimming beaches to be designated "clothing optional" without limiting access to non-naturists. People who practice nudity at home or other places where only family or friends are present are not generally thought of as naturists. 

Young children running around naked are also not naturists, as the sense of feeling uneasy while being naked with members of the opposite sex only develops at a certain age. 

The movement developed in Europe. Many followers of naturism can be found in German-speaking countries, France, Scandinavia and former Yugoslavia.

Naturism is not public when only other naturists are present. Access is limited to members of a naturist organization, invited guests, or paying customers at naturist resorts. Rules may allow clothing, but usually not in some areas such as swimming pools.

Naturism began in the late 19th century in Germany. The movement to return to nature was opposed to the changes as more people began living in cities. In 1904, Paul Zimmermann opened perhaps the first camp or "nudist colony" near Hamburg, Germany. It was called "Freilichtpark" in German (in English, "Free Light Park").
In the United States, German immigrant Kurt Barthel organized the first nudist event in the forest just outside of New York City. His club was called the "American League for Physical Culture" (ALPC) and started in the late 1920s. After Barthel, Ilsley Boone became president of ALPC. Boone had been a minister (religious leader) of a large church. He quit to become involved with naturism all the time. Also, he renamed the ALPC as the "American Sunbathing Association."

Since 1995 the ALPC has been known as the "American Association for Nude Recreation" (AANR). "Nudist clubs" continue to attract those who want to be nude with others who think the same as they do, and avoid conflict with the general public that disapprove.

Germany has accepted naturism in everyday life. Many beaches have clothing optional areas, and nude sunbathing is allowed in the parks of major cities. Germans and other Northern Europeans have followed the Finnish tradition of the sauna, which is visited nude and may have no separation by gender.

In the United States, there are fewer clothing optional places and varying legal recognition. In some states nudity is no longer allowed at beaches that were nude in the 1960s and 70s. Some beaches are so isolated that they continue attract naturism when it is not legal.

Nudity is allowed in some places for events where it would not be otherwise. An example is the annual "World Naked Bike Ride", which is held in many cities around the world as a protest against cars and the use of fossil fuel.

The day before Lent is celebrated by Carnival, and some cities have street parades of performers in various states of undress.

Naturism is opposed by many based on religious beliefs. Islam and conservative Judaism have strict rules of modesty in clothing. In Christianity there are wide differences between groups. Conservative Christians also value modesty, but there are also Christian naturists. In India, Hinduism and Jainism include individuals who reject clothing along with all other worldly possessions.

Clothing has many functions. Clothing can provide a sense of status, and perhaps class. People who have a higher social status or are better off have nicer clothes. Clothing also protects: It protects against cold, but it also protects the body from being seen by others.

Removing clothing in a public place also means that people are unprotected. Anyone can watch them undress, and see them naked. In many cultures, people have developed a sense of shame. In that way, many people who first come in contact with naturism are feeling uneasy at first, especially, if they did not grow up in a settting where they came in contact with naturism in childhood. 

Usually, coming in contact with naturism, or turning to be a naturist, is a process that has many steps. At first, people feel exposed, and unprotected. They also think, that other poeple would stare at them undressing or being naked, or that they might sanction them for doing something that is forbidden, or frowned upon. Also there is a process of self-awareness: People become more aware that their body has small imperfections. They might feel that they aren't beautiful because of these imperfections. Soon they will see that they are in a setting where everyone is naked, where being naked is seen as normal. Other people also have bodies that perhaps are not seen as beautiful, and these people don't hide their bodies either. The fear of being criticized for not meeting some ideal of beauty fades away, and soon there's a feeling of being accepted, and valued. People get accepted as they are. At the same time, people stop judging others by what they look like. People then start to experience being naked with others as freedom.


Mediterranean region

The Mediterranean region is the region surrounding the Mediterranean Sea. This includes places from Europe and Africa and Asia. Most of the region has a Mediterranean climate with warm to hot dry summers and cool to mild wet winters. Plants that grow there are short trees and shrubs which survive the yearly drought during summer. It is a popular vacation spot.

The Mediterranean Region is so called because the largest stretch of area here lies along the margins of the Mediterranean Sea.The regions having similarities with the Mediterranean Region are located on the western margins of continents in the latitudinal belt between 30° to 45° North and South latitudes . Therefore, these regions are known by the common name of the Mediterranean Region of the world .


Turkic languages

The Turkic languages are a language family of some thirty languages. They are spoken by Turkic peoples across an area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western and Northern China. Traditionally people think that they are part of the Altaic language family.

Turkic languages are spoken by some 200 million people as a native language; and the total number of Turkic speakers is about 230 million, including speakers as a second language. The Turkic language with the greatest number of speakers is the Turkish language, or Anatolian Turkish. The speakers of this language are about 40% of all Turkic speakers.

The geographical distribution of Turkic-speaking peoples across Eurasia spreads from Turkey in the West to the North-East of Siberia.

The number of speakers derived from statistics or estimates (2019) and were rounded:

The Turkic languages are a language family of at least 35 documented languages, spoken by the Turkic peoples. The number of speakers derived from statistics or estimates (2019) and were rounded:



Pierre de Coubertin

Pierre de Coubertin ( ]; 1 January 1863 – 2 September 1937) was a French teacher and historian. He was very interested in physical education and he loved the idea of a gymnasium as the ancient Greeks had, were young and old learned and sported together. He is the founder of the International Olympic Committee.


Chamonix

Chamonix is a French commune next to Mont Blanc, in the French Alps. It is in the Haute-Savoie department. The Winter Olympic Games were there in 1924.
"Charmonix" is actually French for dining room. it was named this for its irregular shape, which to many looks like a dining room

Albertville

Albertville is a French commune in the Savoie department. Its population is about 17,300 (1999 census). The commune hosted the Winter Olympic Games in 1992.

Shin (letter)

Shin (also spelled Šin ("šīn") or Sheen) is the twenty-first letter of the Semitc languages, including Phoenician "šīn" 𐤔, Hebrew "šīn" (ש or שׁ), Aramaic "šīn" 𐡔, Syriac "šīn" ܫ, and Arabic "sīn" س . Its sound is a voiceless sibilant, [ʃ] or [s]. The Phoenician letter gave rise to the Greek Sigma (Σ) (which in turn gave and Cyrillic С), the Hebrew letter Sin שׂ (also can be spelled Seen) and the letter "Sha" in the Glagolitic and Cyrillic scripts (Ш).

Lamedh

Lamed or Lamedh is the twelfth letter in the Hebrew alphabet.

Kansas Turnpike

The Kansas Turnpike is a road in Kansas, part of the United States. The road is a "turnpike"—a payment must be made to use it. The road is 236 miles, or 380 kilometers, long. It starts at the line between Kansas and Oklahoma, and goes to Kansas City. It runs through many important cities in Kansas, including Wichita, Topeka, Lawrence, and Kansas City. The Kansas Turnpike is owned and repaired by the Kansas Turnpike Authority (KTA), which is based in Wichita.

The Kansas Turnpike was built between 1954 and 1956. It was built before the Interstate Highway System. The turnpike was not part of the Interstate System at first. However, it became part of the system in 1956. Parts of the turnpike also are parts of four Interstate Highways: I-35, I-335, I-470, and I-70.

Around 120,000 people use the Kansas Turnpike every day. KTA helps users by running a radio station about the road. It has also built places called "service areas" where people can stop and rest, and buy gasoline and things to eat. One service area has a memorial to American football coach Knute Rockne, who died near the turnpike.

The Kansas Turnpike Authority does not need tax money to pay for repairs to the road. The payments from users are used to pay for the repairs instead.

Calvin Klein

Calvin Klein Inc. is an American fashion brand founded in 1968 by Calvin Klein.

Merrie Melodies

Merrie Melodies is the name of a series of animated cartoons distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures between 1931 and 1969. The sister series to Warner's "Looney Tunes", "Merrie Melodies" were originally one-shot musical cartoon shorts before gradually featuring recurring characters. 
By 1944, no distinctions existed between the two series.

Originally produced by Harman-Ising Pictures, "Merrie Melodies" were produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions from 1933 to 1944. Schlesinger sold his studio to Warner Bros. in 1944, and the newly renamed Warner Bros. Cartoons continued production until 1963, "What's Up Doc?" (1950)


John Dewey

John Dewey (20 October 1859 - June 1st 1952) was an American psychologist and philosopher. He was born in Burlington, Vermont. Dewey graduated from the University of Vermont. He later taught at many schools. In September 1882, Dewey went to the Johns Hopkins University and studied philosophy and psychology and published the paper, "The New Psychology" in the "Andover Review" in 1884. Afterwards, he taught psychology at universities and later on, got married to his former student Alice Chipman. In 1886, he started a new school which came to be known as the "Laboratory School" or "Dewey School". This school taught pragmatism, which says that a school's curriculum should be based on everyday life, lessons, and focuses on hands-on activities to better help students learn. His wife Alice was principal of the "Dewey School" from 1901 to 1904. After he retired as a teacher, he continued watching and figuring the society and politics. John Dewey died in 1952.

John Dewey believed in the "theory of inquiry", which shows how animals survived in their environment. He used the theory in the way he taught. He said that children learn best with real-life problems and hands-on activities. His most well-known essay was "The Reflex Arc Concept in Psychology" (1896) which created the stimulus that became the response, which later became known as social behaviorism. For example, a person focuses on something, decides what to do, then acts on the decision.

Subscript and superscript

Subscript is the text which a small letter/number is written after a particular letter/number. It hangs below its letter or number. It is used when writing chemical compounds. An example of subscript is N.

Superscript is the small letter / number above a particular letter / number. An example of superscript is 2. The number 5 above the number 2 is an example of superscript. Superscript can be used for exponents in mathematics.

In word-processing computer programs like Microsoft Word, the shortcut key for subscripts is Ctrl+= .
You can use Subscript and superscript generators to turn regular text into super/subscript.

The Middle

"The Middle" is a 2001 song released by Jimmy Eat World from their album, "Bleed American". It is the third song from their album.

The song is not what is usually heard from the band. It is one of the more straightforward, upbeat songs, its also one of their most well-known singles.

There is electric guitar, drums and vocals used in this song, typical for a punk/rock song.

The band are featured in this music video. It also shows girls in their bikinis and a swimming pool, and someone goes into it during the guitar solo so for a moment its kinda faded out, but then he goes back to the surface. At the start of this video, two people in a car get out and go inside to the party.

Bleed American

Bleed American is the fourth album released by Jimmy Eat World and was made available in 2001. They had to change the title in stores to "Salt Sweat Sugar" because they were scared "Bleed American" would be taken the wrong way, possibly in an offensive way due to the September 11 attacks.


On the second song, "Praise chorus" they mention old songs such as our house in the middle of the street. Davey Von Bohlen from The promise ring does some of the vocals for the song.

"Hear you me" is believed to be written for two fans who died, it's also referring to the weezer song

"The authority song" makes certain references to the Pop culture - the dj never has it, j.a.m.c automatic, if those were roys headphones, you'd bet he play what goes on.
"Roy's headphones" is referring to Roy Miranda, a popular artist/dj in Arizona. 

Blackpool tramway

The Blackpool tramway is a tramway that runs from Blackpool to Fleetwood, on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire, England. The tramway was built in 1885. It is one of the oldest electric tramways in the world and is the only one of the earliest tramways that is still in operation in the United Kingdom.

The tramway is owned by Blackpool Borough Council and is run by Blackpool Transport as part of the "Metro Coastlines" network. The tramway runs for , and over 6,500,000 people travel on it each year.

The first part of Blackpool tramway opened on 29 September 1885. It was a conduit line. It ran from Cocker Street to Dean Street on the Blackpool Promenade. This was one of the first practical electric tramways built in the world. It opened six years after Werner von Siemens first showed electric traction. At the opening was Holroyd Smith, the person who created the system, and Alderman Harwood, the Mayor of Manchester, along with many other people.

The Blackpool Electric Tramway Company ran the line until 1892. At this point, the lease on the line finished, and Blackpool Corporation then ran the line. In 1895 another line was added. It ran from Manchester Square along Lytham Road to South Shore. In 1897 the tracks were extended to South Pier. A line was also built on Station Road that connected Lytham Road to the promenade.

The conduit system was changed to overhead wires in 1899. In 1900 the line was built more to the north to Gynn Square. It linked up the "Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad" there. The Marton loop opened in 1901. It connected Talbot Square and Central Station along Church Street, Devonshire Square, Whitegate Drive, Waterloo Road and Central Drive. At Whitegate Drive in Marton a new depot was built. Another line was added from Talbot Square along Talbot Road to Layton on 1902. The promenade line had got as far as the Pleasure Beach by 1903.

The Blackpool Corporation took over the "Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company" in 1920. The Corporation got eight miles of track and three depots from the take-over. Two depots were in Fleetwood and one was in Bispham. The small Bold Street Depot in Fleetwood was closed and a new loop was built at Fleetwood Ferry.

The depot at Blundell Street was replaced by a bigger one on Rigby Road in 1920. In 1925 the line to Fleetwood was made more direct between Rossall and Broadwater. The last extension was built in 1926. It went along the promenade to Clifton Drive at Starr Gate. A connection was made there with the Lytham St Annes tracks.

The first route closure took place in 1936. They were the Central Drive and Layton routes. In 1961 Lytham Road closed, and Marton closed one year later. The tramroad line on Dickson Road to North Station closed in 1963. Marton and Copse Road Depots closed in the same year. The depot at Bispham closed in 1966. All that was left was the track running from Starr Gate to Fleetwood. It is still there today. The running of the buses and tramway was handed over to Blackpool Transport Services Limited in 1986 by Blackpool Borough Council.

Today the tramway runs from Starr Gate in Blackpool to the Ferry Terminus in Fleetwood. Most of the route runs along the Fylde Coast sea front. At Cleveleys the line turns inland for a few miles. It then returns to the coast in Fleetwood. There are four different types of track:


On the line there are four turning loops. One is at Starr Gate, another is opposite the Pleasure Beach and two more are at Little Bispham and Fleetwood. There is also one that links into Rigby Road Depot.

Blackpool runs a mix of double-deck and single-deck cars, though there are more single-deck trams in the fleet. The double-deck trams are used the most in the tourist season. The single-deck trams are not used as much at that time. They are sometimes used though when it is busy to let the system carry more passengers. Blackpool was the only town in the UK that kept its trams. Between 1962 and 1992 Blackpool was the only town with a tramway in the UK that was not a preserved system. The last English city to lose its trams was Sheffield in 1960. The last in the UK was Glasgow in 1962. Trams have been returning to the towns and cities in Britain since the Manchester Metrolink opened in Manchester in 1992.

There are lots of different trams in the fleet at Blackpool. Most of them were built in the 1930s and are still in service in an unchanged condition. Some others have had their bodywork changed. Sometime historic trams are borrowed from the National Tramway Museum in Crich and other museums for public service.
The trams from Starr Gate in the south to Fleetwood in the north. At busy periods such as the Blackpool Illuminations or on bank holidays services start or finish short at Cleveleys, Bispham or the Pleasure Beach. This means that more trams can run through the centre of Blackpool in a small period. When the Illuminations are on specially decorated trams carry passengers along the promenade and the illuminated area. The area runs from Starr Gate to Bispham. Until the opening of the Metrolink, Fleetwood was the only town in England that kept trams running down the main street.

In November 2007 the whole tramway closed for the first time. It was closed for five months for the second part of an £11,800,000 upgrade. Blackpool Transport Services and Blackpool Council currently have a joint bid awaiting Government approval. It could give up to £77,000,000 for a total upgrade of the trams and tracks. In January 2007 the City Class 611 prototype "supertram" was being tested on the tramway. It caught fire as it approached Central Pier. This caused lots of damage. The driver managed to get out of the cab. The tram was built by Mersyside-based Tram Power. It was being tested as part of a bid to replace the current trams. The same tram had already derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop in trials then. A Rail Accident Investigation Board report said that the derailmet was because of wear and tear on the track. They said another factor was the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype.
The company paid £150,000 to rebuild the tramcar. It cannot be re-tested until November 2008 at the earliest though. This is because testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and also because of the earlier closure of the tracks for repairs.
A £1 billion bid for a Government grant was made in 2002 by Blackpool Council and Lancashire County Council after the Government made a pledge to build 25 new tram networks by 2010. They want to expand the tram network to include St Annes to the south and new housing estates in Fleetwood to the north. There is a possible further phase to include links to Poulton-le-Fylde and Thornton. In 2004 campaigners behind the bid expressed disappointment that nothing had been done to take the plans forward in two years. By November 2007 there was no further development.



Ancient Church of the East

The Ancient Church of the East is an Assyrian church.

The church separated from the Assyrian Church of the East. This happened because Mar Shimun XXIII, the patriarch of Assyrian Church of the East introduced reforms which were not supported. These reforms included changes such as those of using the new Roman calendar rather than the old calendar. The people who did not support the changes thought they were opposed to the sanctity of being one of the oldest Christian churches in the world. For this reason, the followers of the Ancient Church of the East resisted the changes made to the church. Mar Thoma Darmo, a native of Mesopotamia, who was Metropolitan of the Assyrian Church of the East in India from 1952 to 1968, based at Trichur separated from the Assyrian Church of the East. He became the head of the Ancient Church of the East in October 1968 and moved to Baghdad. He died the following year. After his death, Mar Addai II was elected to replace him.

Since January 2011 the synod of the Ancient Church of the East has split between those accepting the Patriarchate of Mar Addai II and those Old Calendarists rejecting it. 

Territorial collectivity

A Territorial collectivity (' or sometimes called collectivité locale""') in the France, is a name for all dependent areas. They have an elected local government and (per article #72 of the French constitution) a "certain freedom of administration". In 2018 Corsica became the first collectivité territoriale in metropolitan France followed in 2021 by the European Collectivity of Alsace.

Cleartext

In telecommunications, cleartext is the form of a message or data which is in a form that is immediately understandable to a human being without additional processing. In particular, it implies that this message is sent or stored without cryptographic protection. The phrases, "in clear", "en clair" and "in the clear" are the same. 

It is close to, but not entirely the same as, the term "plaintext". Formally, plaintext is information that is fed as an input to a coding process, while ciphertext is what comes out of that process. Plaintext might be compressed, coded, or otherwise changed before it is converted to ciphertext, so it is quite common to find plaintext that is not cleartext.

Websites using insecure HTTP send using cleartext, with all data supplied (including usernames and passwords) being sent from the user's computer through the internet using cleartext. Anyone with access to the medium used to carry the data (the routers, computers, telecommunications equipment, wireless transmissions, and so on) may read the password, username, and anything else sent to the website.


Print server

A print server, or printer server, is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to a network. It accepts print jobs from client computers, then prints the jobs on the requested printer.

The term can refer to:


Network Time Protocol

The Network Time Protocol (NTP) is a protocol for distributing the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) by synchronizing the clocks of computer systems over IP networks. 

NTP is one of the oldest Internet Protocols still in use (since before 1985) and uses UDP port 123. 



Project Athena

Project Athena was a joint project of MIT, Digital Equipment Corporation, and IBM. It was launched in 1983, and research and development continued until June 30, 1991, eight years after it began. It is widely believed that the goals were to create a computing environment that would utilize up to 1,000 workstations but in fact, the goal was to improve the quality of education delivered by the Institute.

The concept that a user could go to any workstation and access any files or applications without finding major differences in the user interface and service, just like browsing the Internet today.

The project created many technologies that are widely used today, such as the X Window System and Kerberos.



Session key

A session key is a single-use symmetric key used for encrypting all messages in one communication session. A closely related term is traffic encryption key or TEK, which refers to any symmetric key that is used to encrypt traffic messages. Typically TEKs are changed frequently, in some systems daily and in others for every message.

Session keys introduce complexities in a cryptosystem. However, they also help with some real problems, which is why they are used. There are two primary reasons for using session keys:

Like all cryptographic keys, session keys must be chosen so that they are unpredictable by an attacker. In the usual case, this means that they must be chosen randomly. Failure to choose session keys (or any key) properly is a major drawback in any cryptosystem. 

The Kite Runner

The Kite Runner is a 2003 book written by Afghan-American Khaled Hosseini.

In "The Kite Runner", Amir and Hassan grow up together in Afghanistan like brothers, although they could not be more different. Amir is the son of a rich businessman, a Sunni Muslim, a Pashtun. He is educated and loves to read and write. Hassan's father Ali is a servant to Amir's father. Hassan is a Sh'ia Muslim and a Hazara. He can not read and has a harelip. Neither boy has a mother, although Baba's friend, Rahim Kahn, has a close friendship with Amir. They spend their boyhoods roaming the streets of Kabul together. Amir is a selfish friend to Hassan, who is devoted and loyal to Amir. One day, he hides in fear as Hassan is beaten and raped by three bullies, led by a boy called Assef, when Hassan refuses to give them a kite that he found for Amir. After this, he cannot bear to talk to Hassan and pretends to his father that Hassan stole his watch so that Hassan will be sent away. Although his father forgives Hassan, Ali and Hassan decide to leave. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan sends Amir and his father escaping to the United States, because Amir's father has been known to curse the Communists and had a strong admiration on Ronald Reagan. Amir is called back to Afghanistan, by a terminally ill Rahim Kahn, as an adult during the Taliban rule to rescue Hassan's son Sohrab, when Rahim tells him that he and Hassan are actually half-brothers because his father secretly had sex with Hassan's mother. When rescuing Sohrab, Amir has to confront Assef who is now a leader of the Taliban. He gets severely beaten by Assef and Sohrab eventually saves him by firing a slingshot at Assef's eye. He goes home with Amir to live with him and his wife Soraya, but does not talk or play. Eventually, Amir gets Sohrab to smile when he teaches him to fly a kite.


Combined oral contraceptive pill

The combined oral contraceptive pill (COCP) is a contraceptive for women. It is often called birth control pill or simply "the pill." The pills contain hormones that make the women who take them infertile. Women who take the pill will not become pregnant during sexual intercourse. When a woman stops taking the pills, she will usually become fertile again. When taken as prescribed, the pills are one of the safest methods of contraception.

In the 1950s, scientists (such as Carl Djerassi, George Rosenkranz and Alejandro Zaffaroni) realized that the hormone progesterone stopped women from making eggs (stopped ovulation). After this discovery, the combined oral contraceptive pill was created. The combined oral contraceptive pill has two female hormones: estrogen and progesterone. Some oral contraceptive pills have only progesterone. These are often called the "minipill".

The combined oral contraceptive pill is thought to be safe and usually works well.

In the United States, the combined oral contraceptive pill was first given to women in 1960. It was a revolutionary breakthrough in contraception for two reasons. First, it is very effective at preventing pregnancy if it is used in the right way. Second, it was the first contraceptive to completely separate the act of contraception (in this case the taking of a pill) from sexual intercourse itself. Unlike barrier methods, when a woman is "on the Pill," she and the man are usually not even aware of it during sexual intercourse, which seems and feels very natural. The woman may be on the pill without her partner knowing. The couple can have sex at any time they wish; they don’t need to interrupt foreplay to put birth control in place, and they can feel the physical sensations and emotional closeness of intercourse without interference from a male or female condom. Unlike coitus interruptus, when a woman is on the Pill, intercourse usually ends with her man reaching orgasm while inside the vagina, which both the man and woman usually find very pleasurable. It may also make women's menses shorter and with less bleeding, as well as helping her complexion, which most women like. For all of these reasons, the Pill is very popular. In 2005, more than 80 million women across the world used the Pill. It is the most common method of contraception in the United States, with four out of five women there having used the pill for birth control at some point in their lives. Use of the Pill is different in different countries, and among women of different ages and levels of education. Both single women and married women use the Pill in large numbers.

The Pill has some slight risks for side effects. It may make a very small increase in the risk of blood clots in the lungs, strokes, heart attacks, and breast cancer. Most of these risk are small. Some women may experience mood swings, weight gain, or loss of sex drive. Sometimes these side effects are serious enough to make a woman decide to stop using the Pill.

The choices a woman has for contraception - and whether contraception is even available - depends on what country she lives in. These things are different in different countries. In the United Kingdom, one out of every 4 women aged 16–49 were using the Pill as at 2006 (either the combined pill or progestogen only pill ("minipill")). compared to only 1% of women in Japan. Local culture and habits affect whether or not people use the Pill.

In some countries, women do not really have a choice because only one kind of contraception is available. In some countries (like Algeria, Morocco, and Zimbabwe), the Pill is the most common method offered by national family planning programs. In other countries, like India, national family planning programs only offer female sterilization (a surgery which makes a woman unable to ever have children again). Other countries, like Egypt and Vietnam, only offer the IUD, intrauterine device.

There are two major kinds of oral contraceptive pills. The first kind has both estrogen and progesterone in it. The other only has progesterone (these are called progesterone-only pills, or POPs). The pills do not actually have natural hormones in them. Instead, they have other chemical substances that are mostly the same as the hormones, but have been made in a laboratory.

Some women can only take one kind of COCP. For example, estrogen stops the breast from producing milk. Because of this, women who are breastfeeding should not take pills that have estrogen in them. There are also some other types of women who should not be given estrogen. These women should only use progesterone-only pills.

While there are just two major kinds of birth control pills (COCPs and POPs), there are many different brands or versions of each kind of pill. Every brand of COCP will have the same hormones (estrogen and progesterone) in it. However, each brand has a different amount of hormones in it. Also, some brands change the amount of hormones given from week to week.

There are two ways to measure how well COCPs work. (Most forms of birth control are also measured in these two ways.):
To show how well the Pill works, scientists figure out rates of effectiveness (for perfect use and for actual/typical use). These rates show how many women are kept from getting pregnant by the Pill. Rates of effectiveness usually look at how well the Pill works during the first year that women are using the Pill. Most often, the Pearl Index is used to calculate effectiveness rates. However, some studies use decrement tables.

The typical use pregnancy rate for women taking COCPs measures how many women get pregnant while taking them. All women are not equally likely to get pregnant while taking COCPs. Different groups of women have different typical pregnancy rates. Overall, between 2% and 8% of women taking COCPs get pregnant every year. If they are used perfectly only 0.3% become pregnant each year.

There are a few reasons why women do not use the Pill perfectly. Because of these things, typical use effectiveness is lower than perfect use effectiveness.

COCPs can prevent pregnancy if the first pill is taken no later than 5 days after a woman starts menstruating. If the treatment is started at any other time in the menstrual cycle, COCPs cannot safely prevent pregnancy for the first 7 days of use. During this time, a woman needs to use other types of contraception in order to prevent pregnancy. When active pills have been taken for 7 days, they can work well to prevent pregnancy. They should be taken at about the same time every day.

Certain things can make COCPs not work as well:

Some other medicines can interact with COCPs and make them not work as well. These medicines can also cause breakthrough bleeding (where a woman bleeds between her periods). Some of these medicines are:

The traditional medicinal herb St. John's Wort also seems to make COCPs not work as well. This is because of the way St. John's Wort affects the liver.

The Pill can be used for other things besides contraception. There are many medical conditions that are caused by problems with hormone levels. Because the Pill has hormones in it, it can treat these conditions. Some of these conditions are:
If a woman's menstrual cycle is not regular, the Pill can make the woman menstruate on a regular schedule. The Pill can also be used to treat certain problems that cause bleeding from the uterus.

Women who use combined oral contraceptives are less likely to get cancer of the ovaries. If a woman takes Pill for five years, her risk for getting ovarian cancer is cut in half. Women taking the Pill are also only half as likely to get endometrial cancer than women who have never taken the Pill. The longer a woman uses the Pill, the more her risk of getting endometrial cancer drops. However, women who take the Pill have a higher risk of getting breast cancer and cervical cancer.

Synchronization (computer science)

In computer science, synchronization refers to one of two different but related concepts: synchronization of processes, and synchronization of data. 


Process synchronization is commonly used to implement Data synchronization.


Client-server

In Computer science, client-server is a software architecture model consisting of two parts, client systems and server systems, both using a computer network or on the same computer. A client-server application is a distributed system made up of both client and server software. Client server application provide a better way to share the workload. The client process always starts a connection to the server, while the server process always waits for requests from any client. 

When both the client process and server process are running on the same computer, this is called a single seat setup.
Another type of related software architecture is known as peer-to-peer, because each host or application instance can act as both a client and a server (unlike centralized servers of the client-server model) and because each has the same responsibilities and status. Peer-to-peer architectures are often abbreviated using the acronym P2P.

Both client-server and P2P architectures are in wide usage today.
The client-server relationship describes the relation between the client and how it makes a service request to the server, and how the server can accept these requests, process them, and return the requested information to the client. The interaction between client and server is often described using sequence diagrams. Sequence diagrams are standardized in the Unified Modeling Language.

The basic type of client-server software architecture employs only two types of hosts: clients and servers. This type of architecture is sometimes referred to as two-tier. The two-tier architecture means that the client acts as one tier and server process acts as the other tier.
The client-server software architecture has become one of the basic models of network computing. Many types of applications have been written using the client-server model. Standard networked functions such as E-mail exchange, web access and database access, are based on the client-server model. For example, a web browser is a client program at the user computer that may access information at any web server in the world. 




Specific types of servers include: web servers, FTP servers, database servers, E-mail servers, file servers, print servers. Most web services are also types of servers.

Mainstream

Mainstream is a term that usually refers to the common current of thought held by the majority, meaning that "mainstream" things are those that are currently popular with "most" people. It is most often applied in the arts (i.e., music, literature, and performance). This includes:


The mainstream includes all popular culture, usually circulated by mass media. An example of the opposite of the mainstream is counterculture. The term is sometimes used as a negative term. In the United States, Protestant denominations with a mix of conservative, moderate, and liberal theologies are sometimes referred to as "mainstream."

Mainstream movies can be defined as movies that cost much to make and are created for profit. To pay the cost and make the profit they are made so very many people will want to pay to see them. They have a wide release to first run theaters. Those are movie theaters that run mostly new mainstream movies from the major movie companies. After their time in first-run theaters, mainstream movies are sold at popular stores. Hollywood and Bollywood movies are usually considered mainstream, and may also be blockbusters. The boundary is vague. An example of the opposite of mainstream movie is art films.

In literature, "mainstream" refers to traditional realistic fiction, as opposed to genre fictions such as science fiction or mysteries.

Mainstream music refers to music that is familiar to and popular with the majority of people in their culture. For example, popular music or pop music. However, older generations often dislike the mainstream taste of the youth, and may not agree as to what is or is not mainstream.

Opposing mainstream music is the music of subcultures. These opposing subcultures exist in most genres of music and is commonly found in punk rock, indie rock, and extreme metal, among others. In the 1960s, the music of the hippie counterculture exemplified this music. In more recent years, alternative rock, such as the music of Nirvana, has managed to maintain popularity in the mainstream music market even though their music did not conform to mainstream standards.

Punk rock has set itself apart from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active "anti"-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control. The punk subculture usually does not appreciate major label bands that play punk music that denies the do it yourself (DIY) punk ethic, and thinks they are the same as mainstream music. Indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground took this same DIY ethic. 

Many anti-corporate and not-for-profit forms of alternative protest have surfaced in the punk underground, for example, self-made publications known as "zines", where there is greater freedom to discuss controversial (usually far left) political issues such as bigotry, LGBT community issues, feminism, militant atheism, and veganism. Although the mainstream media often views this behavior as a youthful expression of rebellion, modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived shared countercultural principals. It is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses (houses where people of the punk subculture live and open to others to stay, including touring bands) and resistance movements against what they see as the widespread, unfair use of human and animal rights for profit. This modern group is effectively voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures, in attempt to fight what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of, and way to profit from, life.

Mainstreaming refers to a type of education where children with a learning disability are mixed into classes with children without learning disabilities to help them learn better and to become comfortable with the "mainstream" of student life and life in their community. This is normally called "integration". When their needs cannot be met, they must be moved to special schools.

Opel Agila

Opel Agila was a car from the Japanese carmaker Suzuki with partnership from the German carmaker Opel from 2000 to 2015.

The Suzuki Wagon R+ and Chevrolet MW are badge engineered versions of the Agila. It was replaced by the Splash in 2008 in Europe, however it is still available in countries such as Japan.

Heatseekers Albums

Heatseekers Albums (formerly Top Heatseekers) is a weekly music chart for albums introduced by "Billboard" in 1993. It was created to publish sales by new and developing musical recording artists. Albums that appear on Top Heatseekers may also appear on the "Billboard" 200 at the same time.

Top Heatseekers contains fifty chart positions. Although the chart's rules have changed a little bit over the years, its current rules for an album to be allowed to enter "Top Heatseekers" say it needs to be one of the best-selling albums by a new or developing act (a band or musical artist), meaning an act that has never appeared in the top 100 of the "Billboard" 200. If an album on Heatseekers does enter the top 100 of the "Billboard" 200, it and any albums the act later releases are not eligible to appear on the Heatseekers chart. Many artists have bypassed Top Heatseekers because their first chart entry debuted on the "Billboard" 200 at position 100 or above.

Zoo Entertainment

Zoo Entertainment was an American record label, and a part of BMG. The label was created in the early 1990s by Lou Maglia, the former president of Island Records. It is now out of operation. Maglia and former BMG executive Kevin Czinger ran Zoo Entertainment and its successor company Volcano Entertainment. When money ran out, Volcano's owners sold the company to Zomba Records. Zomba later entered into a joint venture with Bernstein & Mensch, the rock management company. Zoo is best known for releasing three multi-platinum Tool albums.

Subculture

A subculture is a group of people involved in a community of some sort. Subcultures can be hobbies, groups or communities. A subculture is a group of people with a culture (whether distinct or hidden) which makes them different from the larger culture that they belong to, known as the "dominant" culture. If a subculture is described as opposing the dominant culture, it may be described as a counterculture. As Ken Gelder notes, subcultures are social, with their own shared rules, values and rituals, but they can also seem self-involved — another thing that makes them different from countercultures.

Subcultures can be identified by the members' age, race, ethnicity, social class, location, or gender. The qualities that distinguish among subcultures may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors. Members of a subculture often signal each other through the use of fashion style, stereotypical behaviors, and use of a secret language created to prevent outsiders from understanding them (this is known as Argot). They also live out particular relations to places: Ken Gelder talks about 'subcultural geographies' along these lines.

The study of subcultures often involves the study of symbolism attached to clothing, music and other visible things by members of subcultures, and also the ways that these same symbols are seen and understood by members of the dominate culture. Subcultures have been documented by others for a long time. In some cases—such as homeless people, criminal gangs or skateboarders—subcultures have had laws created to control or end their activities. But subcultures also talk about themselves, very often.


Luxembourg (disambiguation)

Luxembourg can mean:


Wingfield, Wiltshire

Wingfield is a village in the county of Wiltshire, England, United Kingdom.

Wingfield is two miles west of the town of Trowbridge.


Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck

Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck (born 21 February 1980) is the son of Jigme Singye Wangchuck and the 5th and current reigning Dragon King (Druk Gyalpo) of the Kingdom of Bhutan. He became king on 9 December 2006. He was officially crowned on 1 November 2008.

Late Registration

Late Registration is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released on August 30, 2005, by Roc-A-Fella Records. "Late Registration" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 860,000 copies in its first week. The album has thus far sold over 3.1 million units in the United States and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.

"Late Registration" received rave reviews from music critics.


Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.





Barangay Santa Clara, Santa Maria, Bulacan

Santa Clara (PSGC: 031423021) is one of the twenty-four barangays composing the municipality of Santa Maria, Bulacan, in the Philippines. It is bordered by Barangay Lalakhan on the southwest, Bagbaguin on the south, Poblacion on the east, Sta. Cruz on the north and Barangay Tambubong in Bocaue on the west.

Sta. Clara is the 17th largest barangay in Santa Maria with a land area of 214.70 hectares or 2.1470 km, slightly smaller than the barangay of Poblacion.

Sta. Clara is located on the south-west portion of Sta. Maria and thirty-three kilometers north from Manila.

The prevailing climatic conditions in the barangay are categorized into two types: dry and wet season.

The annual mean temperature in the area is 27℃. The warmest month is May with a mean temperature of 29.9℃ while the coldest is January at 25.2℃.

The mean annual relative humidity in the Barangay is 77% which is not high. The mean monthly relative humidity is lowest in March at 64% and highest in September at 84%

As of 2022 census, Sta. Clara has a population of 14,535 people with a density of 4,682 person per km. The projected population of the barangay by 2010 is 11,080 with a growth rate of 3.3%

This is the projected population of the barangay by the next few years:





VISION: A self-reliant, industrialized, commercialized, environment friendly barangay, accessible roads, discipline and morally upright citizenhood and a place where you can say "I BELONG"

MISSION: "Discipline and Determination" by discharging responsible services to the needs of people and continuing communication.

Barangay Sta. Clara is a sub-center of RHU-I. This center serves the total population of 10,052 of the barangay.

The Health Center is open daily except on Weekends.

It is currently headed by Ms. Catalina C. Policarpio.


Public vehicles such as buses, jeepneys, and tricycles are the means of transportation in the barangay. Tricycles are available for 24 hours.



Lapis lazuli

Lapis lazuli is a mineral, and a gemstone. It is formed as a metamorphic rock of the limestone type.

Lapis is famous for its beautiful blue colour: its name means "stone of blue". Lapis Lazuli has been used for many things. Its has been made into beads and used in jewellery since Prehistoric times. It can be carved into statuettes (little sculptures). The major use was as a pigment (colour) in artists' paint. During Medieval and Renaissance times, lapis was ground into powder, and mixed with oil. It was used as the colour for painting the sky, and blue clothes. It can be seen in the fresco paintings of Giotto and the tempera paintings of Fra Angelico.

Lapis lazuli is a metamorphic rock made from several minerals, but mainly Lazurite. 
Lazurite has been mined for over 6,000 years in Iran. It is also mined at Lake Baikal in Siberia; at Mount Vesuvius in Italy; in Burma; Canada; and the United States.

Iran was the source of lapis for the ancient Egyptian and Mesopotamian civilizations, as well as the Ancient Greeks and Romans. During the height of the Indus Valley civilization about 2000 BC, the Harappan colony now known as Shortugai was established near the lapis mines.

In addition to the Persian deposits, lapis has been extracted for many years in the Andes (near Ovalle, Chile), the Lake Baikal region of Russia; Siberia; Angola; Argentina; Burma; Pakistan; Canada; India; and in the USA in California and Colorado.

Lapis lazuli is commercially "synthesized" (actually simulated) by a chemical process, using artificial ultramarine and hydrous zinc phosphates. There are also various substitutes for lapis.



Royan

Royan is a city in the south west of France near the Atlantic Ocean and the Gironde estuary. About 18 100 (2005) people live in the city. Royan is a famous seaside resort, with five sandy beaches, a marina and a fishing port.

Spider-Man 3

Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 superhero movie directed by Sam Raimi. It is a sequel movie to "Spider-Man" and "Spider-Man 2" and has Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst in the same roles as Spider-Man and Mary Jane Watson. Spiderman gets a black suit from space, which begins to make him angry when fighting his enemies the Sandman and the new Goblin. He gets the black suit off, and it takes over another photographer called Eddie Brock to become another villain called Venom. Set shortly after the events of "Spider-Man 2", as Peter Parker prepares for his future with Mary Jane Watson, he faces three more villains: Uncle Ben's true killer, Flint Marko who becomes the Sandman after a freak accident; Harry Osborn, who is now aware of Peter's identity and seeks to avenge his father; and Eddie Brock, a rival photographer who becomes Venom. Peter also faces his greatest challenge when he bonds with an extraterrestrial symbiote that augments his abilities but brings out his anger and other negative traits.

Development of "Spider-Man 3" began immediately after the successful release of "Spider-Man 2" for a 2007 release. During pre-production, Raimi originally wanted another villain to be included along with Sandman. At the request of producer Avi Arad, he added Venom and the producers also requested the addition of Gwen Stacy. Principal photography for the film began in January 2006, and took place in Los Angeles and Cleveland before moving to New York City from May until July 2006. Additional pick-up shots were made after August and the film wrapped in October 2006. During post-production, Sony Pictures Imageworks created over 900 visual effects shots. With an estimated production budget of $258–350 million, it was the most expensive film ever made at the time of its release.

"Spider-Man 3" premiered on April 16, 2007, in Tokyo, and was released in the United States in both conventional and IMAX theaters on May 4, 2007. The film grossed $890.9 million worldwide, making it the highest-grossing film of the trilogy, the third-highest-grossing film of 2007 and was the highest-grossing "Spider-Man" film until it was surpassed by "Spider-Man: Far From Home" in 2019. Unlike the previous installments, "Spider-Man 3" received a mixed reception from critics, who praised the performances, visual effects and action sequences, but criticized the overloaded storylines, subplots, and overabundance of villains. The majority of these topics were later attributed to studio interferences and creative differences between Sony, Raimi and Arad.

A fourth installment, titled "Spider-Man 4", was set to be released on May 6, 2011, followed by a "Venom" spin-off film, but both were canceled due to Raimi's withdrawal over creative differences with the writers and producers. The "Spider-Man" film series was rebooted twice; first with "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012) by Marc Webb and starring Andrew Garfield; and later a new film series set within the Marvel Cinematic Universe, directed by Jon Watts and starring Tom Holland, beginning with "Spider-Man: Homecoming" (2017). The "Venom" spin-off was revived in 2016 by Sony and was finally released in 2018 with "Venom", set within Sony Pictures Universe of Marvel Characters and directed by Ruben Fleischer and starring Tom Hardy.

Several months after Otto Octavius' sacrifice, Peter Parker plans to propose to Mary Jane Watson, who has just made her Broadway musical debut. A meteorite lands at Central Park, and an extraterrestrial symbiote follows Peter to his apartment by latching on to his motorbike after he and Mary Jane leave there after stargazing. Harry Osborn, seeking vengeance for his father's death and having taken the performance-enhancing gas, attacks Peter with his father's Green Goblin technology, but the battle ends in a stalemate with Harry crashing down and having partial amnesia, losing his memory of Peter as Spider-Man. Meanwhile, police pursue escaped convict Flint Marko, who visits his wife and sick daughter before fleeing again. Falling into an experimental particle accelerator that fuses his body with the surrounding sand, he transforms into the Sandman, who can control sand and reform his body with it.

During a festival honoring Spider-Man for saving Gwen Stacy's life, Peter kisses her, angering Mary Jane. Meanwhile, Marko robs an armored truck, easily defeats Peter and flees. NYPD Captain George Stacy, Gwen's father, informs Peter and his Aunt May that Marko was uncle Ben's true killer; the deceased Dennis Carradine was Marko's accomplice. At his apartment, while Peter sleeps in his Spider-Man suit to wait for Marko, the symbiote assimilates the suit; Peter later awakens at the top of a building, discovering that his costume has changed to black and his powers are enhanced; however, the symbiote brings out his dark side. Peter locates and battles Marko in a subway tunnel. Discovering that water is Marko's weakness, he opens a pipe, releasing water that reduces Marko to mud and washes him away.

Peter's changed personality alienates Mary Jane, who is struggling in her career because of her shows receiving negative reviews from critics. She shares a tender moment with Harry, but leaves afterward in regret. Harry recovers from his amnesia, urged by a hallucination of his father and coerces Mary Jane into breaking up with Peter. After Mary Jane tells Peter she loves "somebody else," Harry meets with Peter and claims to be that person. Peter confronts Harry over this and spitefully tells him that his father never loved him. Another battle ensues, with Harry throwing a pumpkin bomb at Peter, who deflects it back, disfiguring Harry's face.

At the "Daily Bugle", Peter exposes rival photographer Eddie Brock, whose fake photos depict Spider-Man as a criminal. Publisher J. Jonah Jameson fires Brock and hires Peter to be a staff photographer. Later, Peter brings Gwen to a jazz club, where Mary Jane now works. Peter passionately dances with Gwen in front of Mary Jane, in order to make her jealous. Gwen, realizing this, apologizes to Mary Jane and leaves. After assaulting the bouncers and accidentally hitting Mary Jane, Peter finally realizes that the symbiote is corrupting him. Retreating to a church's bell tower, upon realizing high-pitched sounds weakens the creature, Peter removes the symbiote, where it bonds with Brock, transforming him into Venom. Brock locates Marko, who survived being washed away, and convinces him to join forces to defeat Peter.

Brock abducts Mary Jane and holds her captive from a web high at a construction site, while Marko keeps the police at bay. After Harry refuses to help Peter, he finally learns the truth about his father's death from his butler. While Peter battles Brock and Marko, Harry arrives to help him with his Green Goblin technology and saves Mary Jane. Brock attempts to impale Peter with Harry's glider, but Harry jumps in and is impaled himself. Peter, remembering the symbiote's weakness, assembles a perimeter of metal pipes to create a sonic attack, weakening it and allowing Peter to separate Brock from the symbiote. He activates a pumpkin bomb from Harry's glider and throws it at the symbiote. However, Brock, who became addicted to its influence, attempts to save it, and ends up vaporized along with the symbiote.

Afterward, Marko explains that Ben's death was an accident that has haunted Marko ever since; Peter forgives Marko, allowing him to escape. Harry and Peter reconcile before Harry subsequently dies from his injuries. Sometime later after Harry's funeral, Peter and Mary Jane reconcile and share a dance at the jazz club.


Controlled language

Controlled natural languages (CNLs) are artificial languages built by simplifying the grammar and reducing the number of words in the language to avoid ambiguity or complexity.

There are two types of controlled languages: some designed to help non-native speakers of a language, and some designed to enable automatic semantic analysis.

The first type of languages are often called "simplified" or "technical" languages. They are used by businesses or industries to improve the quality of technical writing. The standard terms simplify the semi-automatic translation to other languages. Examples are: the ASD Sim Technical English, Caterpillar Technical English, and IBM's Easy English.

Simplified (or technical) languages guide the writer by general rules such as "write short and simple sentences", "use the person's name ("John Smith" for example) instead of saying "him", and "talk about who is doing something, rather than what is being done, unless you need to say what is being done".

The second type of languages have well defined rules for writing and understanding. These rules can be matched to formal languages, such as first-order logic. The languages can be analysed by computer. They can be checked to see they are correct. They can be searched for information easily.

Existing controlled natural languages include:


Artificial language

An artificial language is a language specially made for a purpose. These languages can be based on an existing natural language or can be artificial.

Some types of artificial languages are:





Benozzo Gozzoli

Benozzo Gozzoli (4 October 1497) was an Italian Renaissance painter. He is most famous for a small chapel that he decorated with frescos of the "Procession of the Magi".

Benozzo was born in Florence in about 1420. Nothing is known about his parents, or how he started training as an artist. The first that is known of him is that in 1444 he was working with the famous sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti, who was making the bronze doors for the Baptistry of Florence Cathedral.

In 1447 he started working with the painter Fra Angelico. He went to Rome with Fra Angelico to help paint the Chapel of Pope Nicholas V in the Vatican. In 1449 he was working in his own studio.

For many years Benozzo worked as an assistant to other artists. At that time, he had to make his style match the style of the master, so it is hard to tell his art works apart. When Benozzo painted on his own, his pictures are rich with many details in the clothing, the buildings and the landscape. He was extremely good at painting faces, and many of the people in his pictures seem to be portraits of real people.




I Am... Sasha Fierce

I Am... Sasha Fierce is the third studio album by American singer Beyoncé. It was released on November 12, 2008 by Columbia Records. It featured a more of a pop and R&B sound with heavy usage of dance music and ballads in its musical direction.

Knowles worked on the album for almost one year. This is longer than she had spent on her previous solo albums and records with her old group Destiny's Child. She said that she has co-written and co-produced over 70 songs.

In a statement released on Knowles official website, she wrote: 
I am in a different place right now and I wanted people to see the many sides of me. The music is upbeat for the dance, fun side and it is reflective, passionate and serious for the personal side. I have taken risks here. I am not afraid and my music will explain it all. There is no label or tag on my sound. It's me and I am so excited to share it with the world on November 18.

In September 2009, an enhanced two-disc version of the album was released, its first disc featuring 16 tracks from the original version with four bonus audio tracks, and its second disc, the video collection from "", including seven music videos.

Gary Shearston

Gary Reht Shearston (born January 9, 1939) is an Australian singer and songwriter. He was a leading figure of the folk music scene of the 1960s. He is important as a singer of Australian traditional folk songs. He scored a Top 10 hit in the United Kingdom in 1974 with version of the Cole Porter classic "I Get A Kick Out Of You".

Shearston was born in Inverell. His father served in World War II so Shearston and his mother lived with his grandparents at Tenterfield. At the age of 11 his family moved to Sydney. He attended Newington College from 1950 to 1955.

Shearston began work as a newspaper writer with United Press. His first show business job was with the Tintookies, the Australian travelling puppet show. He joined the Hayes Gordon Ensemble Theatre working as an actor and stage manager. He was the host of a children's quiz show on television called "Name That Tune."

Shearston played guitar and sang English, American and Australian folk songs. At 19 he become a full time singer. He worked in hotels and sang at "The Folksinger". He sang with the American gospel and blues singer Brother John Sellers. In 1962 Shearston signed a recording contract with "Leedon". The next year Leedon's distributor, "Festival", signed him to CBS. In March 1965 Sydney radio stations started playing a song from his record, "Australian Broadside". His song "Sydney Town" hit the Top 10 in his home city. In 1966 and 1967, Shearston was Australia's biggest selling folk singer. He had his own national television show, "Just Folk". Peter, Paul and Mary recorded a song he wrote called "Sometime Lovin". They invited Gary to go to America. He spent a year in London and then 4 years on the East Coast of the United States of America. In 1972 he went back to England and recorded some songs for the album "Dingo". He had big hit with his deadpan (flat, no emotion) version of Cole Porter's "I Get A Kick Out Of You". In 1990 he received the Tamworth Songwriters' Association's prize for "Bush Ballad of the Year".

Shearston returned to Australia in 1989. He is now an Anglican Church minister in country Australia.



The Flame in All of Us

The Flame in All of Us is the last album released by Thousand Foot Krutch. It was released on September 18, 2007. It has more of a rock sound than earlier albums, but also has some softer songs. The band recorded with producer Ken Andrews in the Spring of 2007. The album began at #58 on The Billboard 200 charts.

Five songs from "The Flame in All of Us" were put on the internet before the album actually released. One of them, Falls Apart was a single for the band.

Falls Apart

"Falls Apart" was a single released by Thousand Foot Krutch in 2007. It was made available online in July 2007. It is on their album The Flame in All of Us.

The "Falls Apart" video starts off showing the band in a dark wood room, with lots of rope around them. The members only have enough room to play their instruments. Eventually a man and a woman are shown and they are being held together by ropes. The man walks over to the woman and puts his arm around her. After a while she gets up and starts walking away, but then the ropes come off around everyone (the band and the couple alike). Because of this all of the body parts of the couple lie on the floor. But the man's hand crawls to the woman's hand and they hold each other while the band ends the song. 

Cowra

Cowra is a city in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in Cowra Shire. It is 310m above sea-level and about 300 km west of Sydney. Cowra is on the banks of the Lachlan River.

The first name for Cowra was "Coura Rocks". This may have been the name of one of the first cattle farms. This name is probably the name of the river ford (crossing) where people could cross the Lachlan River.

The name Cowra comes from a local aboriginal word meaning "eagle on the rocks".

It should not be confused with another New South Wales town named Corowa.

The first people to live in the area were the Wiradjuri people. The first European explorer, George Wilson Evans, came into the Lachlan Valley in 1815. He named the area the Oxley Plains after his boss, the Surveyor-General, John Oxley. In 1817 he said the area was "unfit for white settlement". An army camp was set up soon after at Soldiers Flat near present-day Billimari. Arthur Ranken and James Sloan, from Bathurst, were amongst the first European settlers on the Lachlan. They moved to the area in 1831.

The township of Coura Rocks began in 1840. By 1847 the township was called Cowra. The village was officially listed in 1849.

In the 1850s many people looking for gold went through on their way to the gold fields at Lambing Flat (Young) and Grenfell. The first school was started in 1857. The first bridge over the Lachlan River was built in 1870. Gold was found at Mount McDonald in the 1880s. The railway, from Sydney, reached Cowra in 1886. Local government started in 1888. The first telephone were connected in 1901. The town water supply was started in 1909, the gas in 1912, and town supplied electricity was connected in 1924.

Cowra is home to the Australian copy of the United Nation's World Peace Bell. These are normally kept in a nation's capital city. It was given to Cowra because of its special role in international understanding, world peace and as a centre of world friendship.

During World War II Cowra was the site of a prisoner of war (POW) camp. Most of the prisoners were captured Japanese and Italian soldiers, sailors and airmen. On August 5, 1944 about 545 (some sources say over 1000) Japanese POWs attempted a mass escape from the camp. This is perhaps the largest prison escape in the world. At the same time, other Japanese prisoners killed themselves, or were killed by their countrymen, inside the camp.

The POWs tried to capture machine gun posts, armed only with home made weapons. The Prime Minister John Curtin said this was a "suicidal disregard of life", and had no chance of success.

During the escape 231 Japanese and 4 Australian guards were killed, and 108 prisoners were wounded. The dead Japanese were buried in Cowra in a specially made Japanese War Cemetery. This is the only such cemetery in Australia. It also has some of the dead from the WWII air raids on Darwin.

An Avenue of Honour also remembers those who died in World War I.

The Japanese War Cemetery was looked by members of the Cowra RSL and given to Japan in 1963. In 1971 the Cowra Tourism Development decided to celebrate this link with Japan. They planned a Japanese garden for the town. The Japanese Government agreed to help as a sign of thanks for the respectful treatment of their war dead. The garden also received money from the Australian Government and private groups.

The garden was designed by Ken Nakajima (1914 - 2000). He was a world famous designer of Japanese gardens. The first part was opened in 1979, with a second part opened in 1986.

The gardens were built in the style of the Edo period. They are a "kaiyū-shiki" or strolling garden. They are designed to show all of the landscape types of Japan. At five hectares, the Cowra Japanese Garden is the largest Japanese garden in the Southern Hemisphere. An annual "Sakura Matsuri" (cherry blossom festival) is held in the gardens during late September and/or early October each year. The garden also has other events during the year.


Network computing

Network computing is when computers work together over a network. Network computing is ""Storing and/or running applications in servers in a network"" This means that the network may use the power from all the networked computers to perform complex tasks. The network could also be for sharing files so that they can be looked at on any computer in the network easily.

Network computing is the opposite to "Stand-alone computing". This is where computers are not connect to a network. Most laptops and home computers do their jobs alone and are stand-alone computers.


Loan

A loan is a type of debt. The borrower agrees to repay the lender the sum of money loaned, at a particular time. It is often paid part by part over time, in order to clear the debt.

Acting as a provider of loans is one of the main tasks for financial institutions. For other institutions, issuing of debt contracts such as bonds is a main source of funding. Bank loans and credit are one way to increase the money supply.

A loan can be broadly described by the following terms. 

The deposit or down-payment is an amount of money that the borrower is required to pay, as the first contribution towards clearing the debt, so that the loan deal can be finalized. The deposit is usually higher than the monthly contribution towards the loan. Some loans require a deposit while some do not. The deposit is usually a fraction, typically a percentage, of the total amount that is loaned out.

An Installment is money that is a monthly payment towards the loan. It may not be necessarily paid monthly but it has to be paid from time to time over throughout the loan deal. Installments are paid according to a loan rate.

Interest is a charge on top of the value of the loan, that acts as a cost of the loan. Interest is paid according to a rate called an interest rate. The interest rate varies from loan to loan and from lender to lender.

The most typical loan payment type is the fully amortizing payment in which each monthly rate has the same value over time.

The fixed monthly payment "P" for a loan of "L" for "n" months and a monthly interest rate "c" is:

Loans can be broadly classified as either secured or unsecured loans.

Secured loans are loans for which the borrower is required to guarantee repayment, by pledging with property, for instance a car, a house etc. This property is called security or collateral. Because of the pledging, secured loans are given in larger amounts and have lower interest rates. However, there is a risk of losing the property used as security, in the event that the loan is not paid off.

An example of a secured loan is a mortgage.

Unsecured loans are loans that are given without pledges of repayment. This means that the borrower is not required to provide security to get the loan.
Because of the high risk involved, unsecured loans are given out in smaller amounts and have higher interest rates. The lenders raise the interest rates in an effort to recover their money as quickly as possible. Most personal loans are unsecured loans.

A personal loan is a 'small expense' loan that is mostly used by people to 
finance their day to day emergencies. They come in smaller amounts and
therefore, just like most unsecured loans, they are easily approved.

Home loans are loans that are taken for the purpose of buying a house.
Home loans are secured loans. The house acts as a collateral or security
to the loan.

Payday loans are signature loans or cash advances that requires no security. This means that it is possible to get a payday loan even with a bad credit status or no credit at all. Payday loans are given on the basis of employment and income.

However, payday loans have a high interest rate especially when the paying schedule is not followed. The high interest rates are a cost of convenience. Interest could run as high as 2000%, for this reason, it is not a good idea to take a payday loan if you don't expect to earn enough to repay it.

Auto loans are loans given out by financial institutions or car dealerships, for the purpose of buying an automobile. Due to the nature of automobiles to lose value with time, Auto loans usually have high interest rates. The shorter the time an auto loan is paid, the lower the overall cost of the loan will be.

Mortgage is a loan that is used specifically to purchase a house. Usually, a mortgage is given to you by a mortgage company or any financial institution, after evaluation of your potential to pay back the loan in full. A mortgage is a secured loan, therefore, providing collateral is necessary. Mortgage can be further classified into long-term and short-term mortgages, depending on the length of time required for the mortgage to be paid. Short-term mortgages usually have a term of 15 years while long–term mortgages have a 30-year term.

When you get a credit card, you have taken a loan. This is a credit card loan, and just like any other loan, it comes with interest and fees. Credit card loans are given out by credit companies and most banks today. The interest rates on credit card loans are higher than that on most personal loans, often around 15%.


Mortgage

A mortgage is a way to use one's real property as a guarantee for a loan to get money. Real property can be land, a house, or a building. Many people do this to buy the home they use for mortgage: the loan provides them the money to buy the house and the loan is guaranteed by the house. Mortgage closing costs are the fees paid when securing a loan, either when buying a property or refinancing. Lenders charge these fees in exchange for creating your loan. Closing costs cover things like your home appraisal and searches on your home’s title.

In a mortgage, there is a debtor and a creditor. The debtor or mortgagor is the owner of the property, while the creditor or mortgagee is the owner of the loan. When the mortgage transaction is made, the debtor gets the money with the loan, and promises to pay the loan. The creditor will receive money back with interest over time (usually in payments made each month by the debtor). If the debtor does not pay the loan, the creditor may take the mortgaged property in place of the loan. This is called foreclosure.

In the 2008 American economic failure, creditors lent money to debtors who could not pay back that money. This lowered housing prices and hurt the economy.

Defined under Section 58(b) of the Indian Transfer of Property Act as a simple mortgage is a transaction whereby ‘without delivering possession (ownership or occupancy) of the mortgaged property, the mortgagor binds himself personally to pay the mortgage money and agrees, expressly or implicitly, that in the event of his failing to pay according to his contract, the mortgagee shall have a right to cause the mortgaged property to be sold by a decree (an order of law) of the court in a suit(a case in a law court) and the proceeds of the sale to be applied so far as may be necessary in payment of the mortgage money; there is no foreclosure of the mortgaged property. Normally a mortgage is to be registered if the mortgaged money is Rs.100 or more. Mortgage deed is to be executed and appropriately stamped ad valorem with two best available witnesses.

It can be said generally when the possession of the mortgaged property is not delivered, the transaction is simple mortgage.

A mortgage has a product term and a mortgage term, the mortgage term is the total amount of time you will have the mortgage (typically 10 to 25 years) where the product term is how long you will be tied into a fixed rate (normally 2 to 5 years) The borrower promises to repay the borrowed money on a certain date and if it is a repayment mortgage will have cleared the mortgage in full by the end of the mortgage term. The borrower transfers the property to the lender. The lender will re transfer the property when the money is repaid when the mortgaged property is absolutely transferred to the mortgagee. The land registry holds information on who owns a property and which properties have charges outstanding on them.

English mortgage is a type of mortgage where the ownership of property is transferred to the mortgagor on a condition that the mortgagee will transfer the ownership on repayment of the loan, the title deeds are transferred to the mortgagee

A reverse mortgage is a loan where the lender pays the monthly instalments to the borrower instead of the borrower paying the lender. The payment stream is reversed. A reverse mortgage allows people to get tax-free income from the value of their home. They are mainly to improve older people's personal and financial independence.

These arrangements are variously called reverse mortgages, lifetime mortgages or "equity release mortgages" (referring to home equity), depending on the country. The loans are typically not repaid until the borrowers are deceased, hence the age restriction.

In this form of mortgage, the property is given as a security to the mortgagee, who is let into possession or is permitted to repay himself out of the rents and profits of such property. Following Two points should be noted carefully with respect to Usufructary mortgage, that is 

(i) Possession must be given to the mortgagee, or the mortgagor must expressly or impliedly bind himself to deliver possession and 

(ii) The mortgagor will not be personally liable, unless there is a distinct agreement to the contrary.

The lender takes the property. The lender receives income from the property (rent, profit, interest, etc.) until the money is paid back. The owner keeps the title deeds with him.

Bandwidth (computing)

In computer network and computer science, digital bandwidth or just bandwidth means the amount of data that can be sent from one point to another in a certain period of time. It is measured as a bit rate expressed in bits per second (bits/s) or multiples of it (kbit/s Mbit/s etc.) 

Digital bandwidth should not be confused with:

In web hosting, the term "bandwidth" is often used to describe the amount of data transferred to or from the website within a defined period of time. Another more specific phrase used for this meaning of bandwidth is monthly data transfer.

Web hosting companies often quote a monthly data transfer for a website, for example 500 gigabytes per month. If the total amount of data downloaded from the website in a particular month reaches this limit, the hosting company may shut off further public access to the site.

Sometimes, the word "broadband" is used to mean "high-speed", especially with high-speed internet connections. "Broadband" means "wide band", and suggests high-speed. However, the term is not clear; "high-speed" is more clear. A dial-up telephone connection is most often thought to be low-speed, at less than 56,000 bit/s (bits per second). High-speed is usually 200,000 bit/s or faster. DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) or Cable modem connections are usually high-speed.

Niki FM

"Niki FM" is a song by Hawthorne Heights. It is one of their most famous songs, and their second hit.

The band's singer, JT, says it is his most personal song from the album "The Silence in Black and White", and is his favourite song to perform live in concert. They still play it at concerts, although without the harsh vocals that are on the single.

The music video for Niki FM starts with a room with a lot of people in. JT is at the front, and someone in the audience is touching someone's leg. The video also includes JT being kissed by another woman. It shows him in a room tearing a picture in two and he stares at it. He has a radio and goes outside the young woman's house to match with the lyrics "I'm outside of your window, with my radio". The girl walks away and leaves him, and the song finishes.

Gears of War 2

Gears of War 2 is a third-person shooter video game made by Epic Games and published by Microsoft. It can only be played on Microsoft's own Xbox 360 console. It is the sequel to the popular Xbox 360 game "Gears of War". The game was released around the world on November 7 2008. By November 12 it had already sold over 2 million copies.

Epic Games

Epic Games is a video game company based in North Carolina, USA. They are famous for making the Fortnite, Unreal Tournament, and Gears of War series of video games. 

Video game

i\
Riemann sum

In mathematics, the Riemann sum is a method of approximating the integral of a function over an interval. One representation of the integral, is the area under a curve in a graph. The Riemann sum is calculated by splitting the region into equal parts. In each part, the function is replaced by a shape. Shapes that are commonly used are rectangles, trapezoids, parabolas and cubics.The area of the similar shape can then be calculated. This method is often used when finding the closed form integral is difficult or impossible. The shapes used also influence how accurate the approximation is. More complex shapes give a higher accuracy, but this also means that calculating the approximation becomes more difficult.

Because the region filled by the small shapes is usually not exactly the same shape as the region being measured, the Riemann sum will differ from the area being measured. This error can be reduced by dividing up the region more finely, using smaller and smaller shapes. As the shapes get smaller and smaller, the sum approaches the Riemann integral.

The Riemann sum may also be used to define the integration operation. The sum is named after a German mathematician who was called Bernhard Riemann.

You divide the horizontal length under the part of the function you want to evaluate into "n" equal pieces. That is the n on top of the Σ (Greek letter sigma). The (x-x) represents the size of one horizontal segment that is created from dividing the whole by the "n". The f(y) is a y value in an "n" segment. Since the area of a rectangle is "length" × "width", the multiplication of x and f(y) is the area of a rectangle for that part of the graph. The Σ means we add up all of these small rectangles to get an approximation of the area under the segment of a function.


Beatitudes

The Beatitudes (from Latin "beatus", meaning "blessed" or "happy") are a list of traits that Christians should follow told by Gospel of Matthew and Gospel of Luke. Some of these include humbleness, meekness, and making peace. 

Jesus Christ taught these ideas as part of a three lesson sermon; the Sermon on the Mount. 

Asceticism

Asceticism (Greek: "askēsis") is a word that describes a certain way of living. In this kind of life, a person gets rid of worldly pleasures for religion or spirituality. A person might not have sex or drink alcohol. One might spend much of their time in prayer or meditation. Often, the reason is to follow goals of Christianity and the Indian religions (including yoga). These teach that salvation and freedom involve a process of changing one's mind and body. This is done by limiting speech, what one thinks and does with the body. 

The earliest people who practiced Buddhism, Jainism, and the Christian hermits, lived very simply and without luxury. They rejected sensual pleasures and keeping money. This did not mean that life could not be enjoyed. But spiritual and religious goals are hindered by such indulgence. 

Museo Nazionale di San Marco

Museo Nazionale di San Marco is a church and Dominican convent. in Florence, Italy. The church also has the Museum of St. Mark (Museo di S. Marco) which shows paintings by Fra Angelico.
The Domincan Convent was begun in the early 1400s. The first "prior" (head man) was St. Antoninus of Florence. The famous painter known as Fra Angelico was one of the first of the Dominican Friars to live and work there. He later became the prior. The land for the convent was given to the friars by Cosimo Medici. The monks lived in small rooms called "cells". Cosimo had a cell built for himself, where he could stay sometimes. Between 1447 and 1452 Cosimo got his favourite architect, Michelozzo, to build a large new library and improve other parts of the building. In the late 1700s, the facade (front) of the building was rebuilt in a Classical style.

In 1490, the prior of St. Marks was a famous Domincan called Savonarola. He lived in the cell that had once belonged to Cosimo Medici. He was a great preacher. He disliked Cosimo's grandson, Lorenzo Medici, who was often called "Lorenzo the Magnificent" (Lorenzo il Magnifico). He thought that Lorenzo had too much power and was acting like a prince. He preached against Lorenzo, against the Pope and against the Roman Catholic Church. He told everyone that the end of the world was near. Many people became frightened or depressed by the things that he said. Pope Alexander VI had Savonarola arrested. He was tortured and put to death in 1498. 60 years later, the Church agreed that, in fact, he had said nothing wrong.

The Library of St. Mark's contains many illuminated manuscripts. Some were probably decorated by Fra Angelico's brother Benedetto. Some may even have been painted by Fra Angelico.

The Museum has a collection of paintings by Fra Angelico. On of the most famous is "The Descent from the Cross", which shows the body of Jesus being taken down from the cross where he was crucified. The convent also contains many paintings by Fra Angelico. They are frescos, and decorated many walls, including a painting in each friar's cell.

Another famous fresco is "The Last Supper" painted in the refectory (dining room) by Domenico Ghirlandaio.



Sadhu

In Hinduism, sadhu is a common term for an ascetic or someone who practices yoga ("yogi"). Sadhus have given up trying to achieve the first three Hindu goals of life: kama (enjoyment), artha (practical objectives) and even dharma (duty). The sadhu is solely dedicated to achieving moksha (liberation) through meditation and contemplation of God. Sadhus often wear ochre-colored clothing, as a symbol that they have given up many things in life.

Digambar

Digambar (sky-clad) is one of the two main sects of Jainism, the other is Svetambar. The word digambara is made up of two words 'dig' and 'ambar', the person whose clothes (ambar) is the directions (dig). The digambar have a stricter interpretation of Jainism than other sects.

Every Digambara monk is required to follow 28 vows (vrats) compulsory.

Squidward Tentacles

Squidward Tentacles is the main protagonist of "the franchise with the samename". He is SpongeBob SquarePants' grumpy neighbor and coworker. He is a turquoise octopus. He lives in a moai. His moai is between SpongeBob SquarePants' pineapple house and Patrick Star's rock. Squidward gets annoyed by SpongeBob and Patrick having fun with each other. He later becomes friends with them and Mr. Krabs in his own franchise and helps SpongeBob SquarePants (as Molten SpongeBob) with getting revenge.

Squidward is not happy with his boring life. He always wants to be famous and well-known by everyone. He wants to show everyone about his talent as a musician or painter, even though he has no talent on either of them. He enjoys plays the clarinet. However, he has to work as a cashier at the Krusty Krab restaurant. Squidward hates working at the Krusty Krab, because he dislikes his greedy boss Mr. Krabs and is annoyed that he has to work with SpongeBob.

Squilliam Fancyson

Afro-Asians

Afro-Asian or Blasian, means a person of mixed race. Black African and East Asian.

Ethiopians went to South Arabia in the 2nd century and the 4th century. By 532 AD they had invaded Yemen. After this, many more Africans came to South Arabia as slaves; men were usually traded and the women were kept as servants for the Arab leaders. Mixed race children were more valuable in South Arabia. Two such children became Princes of the Abbassids. At this time, the Arabian army, known as the Sabaens, moved to Ethiopia. In Iraq, Bantu-speaking Africans were called Zanj. The large number of Zanj slaves working in bad conditions in Iraq lead to the famous Zanj Rebellion over fifteen years (869-883 AD). African rebels took over many of Iraq's cities forcing Arabs to flee to African nations such as Kenya, Somalia and Tanzania. Today someone of African and Arab descent is considered Afro-Arab.

A former slave by the name of Najah seized power in the 10th century and established the Banu Najah dynasty, the first royal Afro-Asian family.

As early as 1100 AD, African slaves were brought to India by Arab merchants in medieval times from the Bantu-speaking parts of eastern Africa. These Africans became known as Siddi or Habshi, Arabic word meaning Black African. Today, marriage has made the Siddi population in India much smaller. Someone of Indian and African background is considered an Indo-African. In South Asia, there are over 15,000 individuals who identify as Afro-Asian.

In 1882, the Chinese Exclusion Act was passed and Chinese workers who chose to stay in the U.S. could no longer be with their wives who stayed behind in China. Because White Americans looked at Chinese labor workers as stealing jobs, they were treated badly. Many Chinese men settled in black communities and in turn married black women.

Tiger Woods, a famous golf player, is of white, black, Native American, Chinese and Thai descent; his mother being half Thai and his father being half African-American. R&B singer Amerie is another famous Afro-Asian-American, with her mother Korean and her father being black. Hines Ward, an NFL football player who currently plays for the Pittsburgh Steelers, is also an Afro-Asian.

As of the census of 2000, there were 106,782 Afro-Asian individuals in the United States.

In the 1860s, Chinese people were imported for labor and trade. It became more common for a Chinese man to marry a black woman since there was more black women than Chinese women. According to the 1946 Census, 12,394 Chinese were located between Jamaica and Trinidad. 5,515 of those who lived in Jamaica were Chinese-Jamaican and another 3,673 were Chinese-Trinidadians living in Trinidad. In Guyana and Haiti, there is also a very small percentage within the minority who are of Asian descent.

Haitian painter Edouard Wah was born to a Haitian mother and Chinese father.

The UK has a large mixed race population, which is about 1.4% of the population (or around 850,000 people). The largest groups are mixed Whites and Black and mixed Whites and Asians. However, there are over 70,000 UK citizens that are mixed race and do not fit the above descriptions, a large percentage of these are Afro-Asian. Famous Afro-Asian Britons include Naomi Campbell, David Jordan.



Adam Mickiewicz

Adam Bernard Mickiewicz (; 24 December 179826 November 1855) was a heavily influential national Polish Romantic poet, generally regarded as the greatest figure in Polish literature, especially known for his epic poem "Pan Tadeusz". At the later phase of his life he was also a political activist, an ideologue and a Messianic philosopher who lectured Slavic languages at Collège de France.

Adam Mickiewicz was born on 24 December 1798, either at his paternal uncle's estate in Zaosie (now Zavosse) near Navahrudak (in Polish, "Nowogródek") or in Navahrudak itself in what was then part of the Russian Empire and is now Belarus.

In many literary critics' opinion, Mickiewicz is among the most important writers such as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, George Byron and Homer.

<poem>::::Lithuania, my country! You are as good health:



Altaic languages

Altaic is a language system that includes the Turkic languages, Mongolic, and the Tungusic languages. That is probably the meaning attributed to "Altaic" by most general linguists. 

It has disputed language families, but only a few linguists still believe that it existed. It supposedly had 66 languages that are now spoken by about 348 million people, mostly in and around Central Asia and northeast Asia.

However, since the publication of Gustaf John Ramstedt's "Einführung" in 1952–1957, most Altaicists have included Korean in Altaic. Since the publication of Roy Andrew Miller's "Japanese and the Other Altaic Languages" in 1971, some also included Japanese (Nicholas Poppe) or Japonic, consisting of Japanese and Ryukyuan.

A few linguists (such as (Street 1962)) even count Ainu with the Altaic languages but as part of a node including Korean and Japanese, in contrast to a Turkic-Mongolic-Tungusic node, with Korean-Japanese-Ainu and Turkic-Mongolic-Tungusic, in turn, forming a higher-level node.

The core version of Altaic, consisting of Turkic, Mongolic, and Tungusic, is sometimes referred to as "Micro-Altaic," and the expanded version, including Korean and sometimes Japanese, is referred to as "Macro-Altaic," but even the core version is very controversial.


Mongolian language

The Mongolian language (, "Mongol kele", Cyrillic: Монгол хэл, "Mongol khel") is the best-known member of the Mongolic language family and the language of most of the residents of Mongolia, where it is officially written with the Cyrillic alphabet and of around three million Mongolian speakers in the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region" of China, where it is officially written with the traditional Mongolian script. It is also spoken in some areas in the Russian Far East and Kyrgyzstan. The majority of speakers in Mongolia speak the Khalkha (or "Halh") dialect, while those in China speak one of many Inner Mongolian dialects.



RC2

In cryptography, RC2 is a symmetric-key block cipher. Designed by Ronald Rivest in 1987. ""RC"" stands for "Rivest Cipher", or alternatively, "Ron's Code".

RC2 is a 64-bit block cipher with a variable key size and using 18 rounds.

Rounds are arranged as a source-heavy feistel network, with 16 rounds of one type called ""mixing rounds"" interleaved by two rounds of another type called ""mashing rounds"".

The 18 rounds are performed using the following interleaved sequence: 

RC2 uses "key-expansion algorithm" by which an expanded key consisting of 64 (16-bit words) is produces depending in a complicated way on every bit of the supplied ""variable-length"" input key. A mixing round consists of four applications of the ""mix-up"" transformation, as shown in the diagram. A round is ""mashed"" by adding to it one of the 16-bit words of the expanded key ().

RC2 is susceptible to a related-key attack using 2 chosen-plaintext attacks (Kelsey "et al.", 1997).

The development of RC2 was sponsored by Lotus, who were seeking a custom cipher be exported as part of their Lotus Notes software, after evaluation by the NSA. The NSA suggested a couple of changes, which Ronald Rivest incorporated. After further negotiations, the cipher was approved for export in 1989.

Along with RC4, RC2 with a 40-bit key size was treated under US export regulations for cryptography. Now all 40-bit encryption algorithms are obsolete because they are dangerously susceptible to brute force attacks.

Initially, the details of the algorithm were kept secret — proprietary to RSA Security — but on 29 January 1996, source code for RC2 was anonymously posted to the Internet on the Usenet forum, sci.crypt. A similar post had occurred earlier with RC4. It is unclear whether the poster had access to the specifications or whether it had been reverse engineered.



1999 East Timorese crisis

The 1999 East Timorese crisis was a conflict. Militia who did not like the independence in East Timor started the conflict when they attacked civilians. These attacks led to more violence all over the country. Most of the violence occurred in the capital Dili.

The violence started after the result of an election was independence from Indonesia. About 1400 people are thought to have died. An UN force (InterFET) made up mainly of people from the Australian Defence Force was sent to East Timor to establish and maintain peace.

In 1999, there was a lot of pressure on Indonesia. Therefore, the Indonesian government decided to hold a vote. In this referendum it asked the people of East Timor, whether they wanted to stay with Indonesia or become independent. Portugal had done some lobbying. The referendum was held on August 30. In it, a clear majority (78.5%) of people voting said they would prefer to become independent. The alternative proposal would have been to stay with Indonesia, but to have many freedoms as an "autonomous province", called Special Autonomous Region of East Timor (SARET).

Directly after the referendum, violence broke out. The violence came from Indonesian soldiers and from a special East Timorese pro-integration militia which was supported by Indonesia. These troops became violent and terrorised the population. They did not like how the people had voted. About 1400 Timorese people were killed. 300.000 had to flee to West Timor to live as refugees. Most of the infrastructure of the country, including houses, watering systems, and the electricity was destroyed. Noam Chomsky said: "In one month, this massive military operation murdered some 2,000 people, raped hundreds of women and girls, displaced three-quarters of the population, and demolished 75 percent of the country's infrastructure."

On 20 September 1999 the Australian-led peacekeeping troops of the International Force for East Timor (INTERFET) came to the country. This ended the violence. Activists in Portugal, Australia, the United States, and elsewhere pressured their governments to take action. US President Bill Clinton eventually threatened Indonesia, that the IMF loans would be stopped. Indonesia was in deep economic troubles already. The Indonesian government agreed to withdraw its troops and allowed a multinational force into Timor to stabilize the area. It was clear that the UN did not have sufficient resources to fight the paramilitary forces directly. Instead, the UN authorised the creation of a multinational military force known as INTERFET (International Force for East Timor), with Security Council Resolution 1264. 23 nations sent troops, about 11,000 people in total. The force was led by Major-General Peter Cosgrove. Troops landed in East Timor on 20 September 1999.

Ohio Is for Lovers

Ohio Is for Lovers is a single released by Hawthorne Heights it came from their first album "The Silence in Black and White".

The lyrics are one of the main reasons why the band are considered to be emo. It contains the lyrics "cut my wrists and black my eyes" more than once.
Some people take this literally, but the singer has explained its only a figure of speech the band is against self harming.

The song was charted #34 in America.

The album "The Silence in Black and White" later contained a DVD including the making of "Ohio is for lovers". It shows a spider, and also shows JT in a room alone looking miserable. There's also a young girl, followed by an adult woman, then later an older woman in the Ohio is for lovers music video.

Lady Godiva

Lady Godiva (; about 980 – 1067) was an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman. She was married to Earl Leofric and frequently donated to the church, and was highly religious. There are legends that say that she rode naked through the streets of Coventry in England.

Lady Godiva was the wife of Earl Leofric of Mercia. The Earl’s taxes were very high, and people in Coventry were very upset about it. Lady Godiva begged her husband to lower the taxes many times, but he never agreed to. Finally, the Earl told Lady Godiva that if she rode through the streets completely naked, he would lower the taxes. Lady Godiva sent a message through town that told everyone to close their shutters and stay indoors. Then, she rode through town only clothed by her hair. The Earl gave in and lowered the taxes of the town. However, a tailor named Tom drilled a hole through his shutters, and caught a glimpse of Lady Godiva. He was struck blind, some think from heaven, and some think the town “took care of him” themselves. There were many celebrations to remember Lady Godiva’s courage.



Scandal

A scandal is a very public incident which involves a claim of wrong-doing, shame, or moral offence. A scandal may be about a real event, an untrue event (often called a false allegation) or a mixture of both. Something which is a scandal can be described as scandalous.

Scandals may be told by whistleblowers, who have access to secrets and allow them to go public. A well-known scandal was the Watergate scandal, in which US President Richard Nixon was found to be supporting and hiding illegal burglaries. 

Untrue claims often lead to a loss of respect for that person, and can destroy their careers. Sometimes an attempt to cover up a scandal creates a bigger scandal when the cover-up does not succeed. 

Sometimes there are scandals surrounding people who work for the president such as during the Grant administration. The Iran-Contra affair was also a known scandal that surrounded Ronald Reagan and his administration. All were not-guilty of the crime.

Countdown to Extinction

Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. "Countdown to Extinction" was released on July 6, 1992. It was released through Capitol Records. The album debuted at #2 on the Billboard 200 and sold 128,000 copies in the first week.

The album was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 1993 Grammy Awards. The title track won the Humane Society's Genesis Award for raising awareness for animal rights issues.

Manchester

Manchester is a city in North West England. In 2013 there were 514,417 people living there, which makes it the fifth largest city in the United Kingdom. By the 2021 Census there were 551,938 - the population went up by 0.96% a year. 173,189 were not born in the United Kingdom.

It is a city and metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, England. Manchester was given city status in 1853. The city is in the middle of the Greater Manchester Urban Area, which has 2,240,230 people, and is the United Kingdom's third largest built-up place.

Manchester is a very important city in England, and is often called the "Capital of the North". Manchester has many places for the arts, places for learning, businesses providing media as well as lots of shops. In a poll of British managers in 2006, Manchester was named the best place in Britain to have a business. A report in 2007 said Manchester is a fast-growing city (meaning lots of jobs are being created). Manchester was the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games. It has two well-known football teams, Manchester United and Manchester City.

In 2023 Greater Manchester Police conducted an operation in the Cheetham Hill district near Strangeways Prison where there had long been a lot of criminal activity. Operation Vulcan shut down 100 shops in Manchester. 580 tonnes of items, including clothes, drugs and illicit tobacco, were confiscated from 207 shipping containers. They said this was the largest ever seizure of counterfeit goods in the UK. The city councils of Manchester and Salford are proposing a substantial redevelopment of the area. They would like to move the prison out of Strangeways.MANCHESTER XXX AND SEX AND PoRN

Manchester is northwest of England's capital, London. The city has many canals and rivers which were important to its growth, especially in the 18th and 19th centuries. The largest open space in the city is Heaton Park. It has an area of about . Heaton Park is a place that attracts many people every year. People go there to see the many animals and the beauty of the countryside. Much of Manchester is built-up (or 'urbanised'). Much of Manchester's rain comes over from the Pennines, which are hills to the east of the city. The city is mainly urban areas but also has some areas which are mainly of farmland. To the south of the centre is Manchester Airport. This is the third largest airport in the United Kingdom.

A revival of the city's importance started in the 1980s. This was partly led by a vibrant music scene whose spirit was called 'Madchester'. It was led by bands such as The Happy Mondays and Joy Division. Indie band The Smiths also came from Manchester.
The scene was partly fuelled by the number of students attending the universities and further education colleges in the city. Manchester has the most students in the United Kingdom in term time.

The University of Manchester is the largest university in the UK. It has over 30,000 students. The city also has the UK's fourth largest university, the Manchester Metropolitan University.

The city has two Premier League football teams, Manchester City and Manchester United. Football is a very important part of the culture of the city. Many of the people support or show interest in the sport.

Manchester and North West England are served by Manchester Airport. The airport has the most passengers in the UK outside London, with 22.1 million passengers in 2007. Planes fly to lots of destinations in Europe, North America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East and Asia (with more destinations from Manchester than from London Heathrow).

Manchester is very well served by train and in terms of passengers, Manchester Piccadilly was the busiest English train station outside London in 2005 and 2006. Northern Rail operates all over the north of England, and other operators include Virgin Trains. The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first passenger railway in the world. Greater Manchester has a very big railway network. The city centre has over a lot of park and ride sites. Manchester became the first city in the UK to get a new tram system when the Manchester Metrolink opened in 1992. There are lots of new lines being built.

The city has one of the biggest bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester area around the city. First Manchester and Stagecoach Manchester are the main bus operators. First Manchester also operates three free bus services called Metroshuttle which carry workers around Manchester's business areas.

The Rochdale Canal, the Ashton Canal and the Bridgewater Canal meet in Manchester. Today they are mainly used for leisure. The Manchester Ship Canal is open, but not many boats use it.

Manchester's buildings display many different types of building styles, from Victorian to contemporary architecture. The very common use of red bricks characterises the look of the city. Much Manchester's architecture dates back to its days as a global centre for the trade of cotton. Just outside the city centre is a large number of former cotton mills, some of which have been left mostly untouched since they were closed, while many others have been turned into apartment buildings and office spaces.Manchester Town Hall, in Albert Square, was built in the gothic revival style and is thought of by many to be one of the most important Victorian buildings in all of England.

There are two universities in the city of Manchester. The University of Manchester, created in 2004 when Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST were combined, is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom. The Manchester Business School, at the University of Manchester, was the first school to offer an MBA course in the United Kingdom in 1965. Manchester Metropolitan University was created as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970. It was given university status in 1992, and in the same year, combined with Crewe and Alsager College of Higher Education, in South Cheshire.

There are big differences in the health of people between the richer areas and the poorer parts of the city, A man from the richest area can expect to live eight years longer.

Manchester has twinning plans (or "friendship agreements") with lots of places. In addition, the British Council has a "metropolitan centre" in Manchester. Although not an official twin city, Tampere, Finland is known as ""the Manchester of Finland"" – or ""Manse"" for short. Also, Ahmedabad, India became the centre of a booming textile industry, and it got the nickname ""the Manchester of the East"."



List of goaltenders who have scored a goal in an NHL game

There have been fourteen goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League (NHL) game. The most recent to do so was Tristan Jarry for the Pittsburgh Penguins on 11/30/23.


51 Pegasi b

51 Pegasi b, also called Bellerephon or 51 Peg b, is the first extrasolar planet discovered orbiting a main-sequence star, 51 Pegasi. Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz announced the discovery on 6 October 1995. It is 50 light years away in the direction of the constellation Pegasus. 

Greasers

Greaser or Greasers can refer to:

Sirrako Ioanninon

Sirrako Ioanninon is a mountainous Greek village. It is in the district of Ioannina in the north-east of Greece. Sirrako is built at an altitude of 1,150 metres up the Lakmos mountain which makes it one of the highest Greek villages. It is a traditional village with old stone houses whose main characteristic is that they have slate roofs.
The Greek famous poet Kostas Krystallis came from Sirraco.

Cryptographic protocol

A cryptographic protocol is a way to securely exchange data over a computer network. The data that is exchanged is encrypted. In general, these protocols consist of a way to exchange encryption keys, The data is then encrypted using symmetric or asymmetric cryptography. Symmetric cryptography is used more often. 

Common protocols include: 


A cryptographic protocol usually has at least some of these features: 

The term "cryptographic protocol" is used in different ways. For example, cryptographic "application" protocols often use one or more underlying Key-agreement protocols which are also sometimes themselves referred to as "cryptographic protocols", like the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) which uses what is known as the Diffie-Hellman key exchange, Diffie-Hellman may be seen as a complete "cryptographic protocol" in itself for other applications.




List of Greek islands

This is a list of islands that are part of Greece. They are shown in order of size.

Religious persecution

Religious persecution means unfair treatment of a particular group of people because of their religion. It aims at forcing the religious to go away or give up their religion. "Persecution" comes from a Latin word meaning "chase", and usually meant chasing someone in order to kill them. In later centuries the term was applied to other actions. Religious persecution may occur in the following forms:


Incidents of persecution are periodically reported in many countries. For example in case of India, the United States Department of State in its annual human rights report for 2006 noted attacks against the people of religious groups who are small in number. State Department's annual reports on religious freedom for 2007 expressed concern over organized societal attacks against religious minority in India. Some state governments in India have been accused of not effectively prosecuting those who attack religious minorities. In Iran, Bahá'í Faith is banned.

When the term "religious cleansing" is used, it usually means when a group of people is removed from a certain area. In classical antiquity, religious cleansing was usually done because of economic and political reasons. Sometimes there were also ethnic reasons.


Persecution of Christians

Persecution of Christians is treating Christians unfairly based on their religion. This can mean using violence against them or putting them in prison. Persecution of Christians exists in many countries which include India, Iran, Pakistan, Nigeria, Afghanistan, Burma, Lebanon, Syria, Sri Lanka etc. In China it is illegal to be a member of a Christian church that is not approved by the government.


Religious violence

Religious violence means the religiously-motivated killing and/or injuring of people of one religion by people of another region.

The September 11 attacks are an example of religious mass-killing. In India, Hindu-nationalists often attacked Christians,sice the country became independent. This has happened periodically. The United States Department of State in its annual human rights report for 2006 noted attacks against the people of religious groups who are small in number. State Department's annual reports on religious freedom for 2007 expressed concern over organized societal attacks against religious minority in India. Some state governments in India have been accused of not effectively prosecuting those who attack religious minorities.

Telugu cinema

Telugu Cinema (Telugu: తెలుగు సినీపరిశ్రమ), means movies and movie-making in the Telugu language. Another word for Telugu Cinema is Tollywood. This is portmanteau made of the words "Telugu" and "Hollywood".

Tollywood movies are produced in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana states in the Republic of India.


Sandalwood

Sandalwood is a form of wood and also the oil made from it. It is used for perfume and medicine. They are found in India, Australia, Indonesia, and the Pacific Islands. Its genus is "Santalum". In Indonesia and Malaysia, its local name is "Cendana".

Oriya film industry

Oriya Film Industry or Ollywood refers to the Bhubaneswar and Cuttack-based Oriya film industry in the Republic of India. The origins of that name are disputed, called Ollywood a portmanteau of the words Odia and Hollywood.

Mollywood

Mollywood refers to Malayalam cinema, movies made in the Indian state of Kerala in the Malayalam language.


Teri Yaad (movie)

Teri Yaad is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It is the first movie to be released in the country after Pakistan was created in the separation of India. The movie was released on 7 August 1948, Eid day. It was the first movie released after the creation of Pakistan, but not the first to be produced by the people who lived in the land that became Pakistan.

The Bird and the Bee Sides

The Bird and the Bee Sides is a 2008 album released by Relient K on July 2nd.

The album contains 13 new songs, and many of their B sides and unreleased songs. A few other songs could be found from a scavenger hunt that the band encouraged fans to do. You had to solve a puzzle

It's the first album to feature their current drummer, Ethan Luck.

Call and Response: The Remix Album

Call and Response is a remix album by rock band Maroon 5. The album has 18 tracks of songs which Maroon 5 released or has recorded. Producers of the remixed versions of the songs include The Cold War Kids, David Banner, Mark Ronson, Just Blaze, Bloodshy and Avant, Of Montreal and many more music producers. The track list was released in early October of 2008.

Mukh O Mukhosh

Mukh O Mukhosh (, ) was a 1956 movie. It was the first Bengali language movie to be made in the former (East Pakistan region). It was produced by Iqbal movies and directed by Abdul Jabbar Khan. The movie was released in East Pakistan on 3 August 1956. It was released in Dacca, Chittagong, Narayanganj, and Khulna. The movie was a great success as viewers thronged to watch the first movie to be made in the region. It earned a total of Rs. 48,000 during its initial run.

Livadeia

Livadeia is a Greek town. It is in the district of Voiotia in central Greece and its population is 21.385. Livadeia is the capital of Voiotia and it is built on a plane, near Kopaida plane. The distance between Athens and Livadeia is 136 km. North of livadeia is mountain Parnassos and west of Livadeia is mountain Elikonas. In the east and south of Livadeia is the plane of Kopaida. Near Livadeia there is Orchomenos and Cheronia which are historical places.

In antiquity, Livadeia was one of the Boeotian towns. Boeotians were an ancient Greek tribe which was a branch of the Dorian tribe. In Livadeia there was an oracle which was known by the name Trofonion. The Trofonion oracle was very important, although not as important as the Delphi oracle which was located nearby in the north. During the Middle Ages Livadeia was an insignificant town until about the thirteenth century when it became the capital of the Catalonian knights' domain. The Catalonian knights had conquered central Greece when they defeated the Lombard knights in a battle. Later, during the 15th century, the district was conquered by the Ottomans.
During the Ottoman period, Livadeia became an important town of central Greece. There was a castle and a guard was posted in it. The residents were all with Greek origin. Later during the Greek revolution of 1821 against the Turks, Livadeia played a significant role. Livadeia was liberated in 1830 when Greece became an independent state.
The most interesting sight of Livadeia is the springs of Krya. These springs are in the edge of the town and they are very beautiful. A river start from these springs whose name is Erkyna. In Livadeia there are some old beautiful houses and an old big clock above the town.

Livadeia is a capital of the Livadeia's municipality. In this municipality, apart from Livadeia belong the villages Romeiko, Lafysti, Tsoukalades and Zeriki.

1840s Atlantic hurricane seasons

I. On June 19, a tropical storm hit near Lake Charles, Louisiana.

II. A hurricane hit near the mouth of the Rio Grande, destroying villages and causing flooding.

I. A strong tropical storm hit the Florida Panhandle on September 14.

II. An intense hurricane remained offshore of the Carolinas in early October. It moved northeastward, entraining cold air into its circulation. It became an extratropical storm, and hit New England on October 3. It led to a storm of snow and sleet in Connecticut, bringing drifts of up to of snow in some areas. The storm wrecked the Georges Bank fishing fleet which drowned 81 fishermen and knocked down trees, tore roofs off houses and forced boats to go up on shore. The storm also destroyed a saltworks factory along Cape Cod, sending the economy to a slump. In 1842, a monument was erected to remember the sailors and fishermen lost at sea to the "October Gale" of 1841.

III. In October, a hurricane hit Cuba, crossing near Havana. After crossing the island, it passed by the Florida Keys, bringing them heavy rain but remaining offshore.

I. A major hurricane hit near Portsmouth, North Carolina on July 12. Two ships were capsized, killing their entire crews. It continued across Virginia, dissipating over Maryland.

II. On August 2, a tropical storm hit Northeastern Florida.

III. A second North Carolina hurricane hit Ocracoke, North Carolina on August 24, drowing livestock and washing away homes. In addition, it sank three ships, causing at least 8 deaths.

IV. A westward moving hurricane, nicknamed "Antje's" hurricane after a schooner of the same name that was dismasted by the storm. The cyclone moved across the Florida Keys on September 4. It continued westward across the Gulf of Mexico, hitting between Matamoros and Tampico, Mexico. Its unusual westward movement, also seen by a hurricane in 1932 and Hurricane Anita in 1977, was due to a strong high pressure system to its north.

V. A strong tropical storm hit Galveston, Texas on September 17. It caused $10,000 in damage, and killed 40 cattle.

VI. A tropical storm hit the Pensacola, Florida area on September 22.

VII. An October Pacific tropical cyclone crossed the Isthmus of Tehuntepec and entered the Gulf of Mexico. This cyclone may be the same as one of the following two.

VIII. A hurricane passed by Galveston on October 5, causing flooding and the sinking of one ship. It continued eastward, becoming a major hurricane before hitting near St. Marks, Florida. It caused $500,000 in damage before moving out to sea on the 10th. The storm is known as the Gulf to Bermuda Hurricane.

IX. This cyclone was first detected east of Miami, Florida on October 26. It paralleled the coastlines of Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina before dissipating on the 30th south of North Carolina.

X. A cyclone, first detected southwest of Madeira on October 24, passed the island on October 26, moving northeast towards the Iberian Peninsula. It struck southern Spain on October 29, and moved inland as far as Madrid. It peaked as a category 2 hurricane near Madeira on October 26. This hurricane was like Hurricane Vince of 2005.

A major hurricane moved northward through the Gulf of Mexico. It hit Port Leon, Florida, on September 13, destroying the town from the flooding and storm surge. Fourteen people were killed. The town residents moved the town three miles (5 km) northward to New Port, now called Newport, Florida.

I. A tropical storm hit near Lake Charles, Louisiana, on June 11. It moved slowly northward to the west of the town, dissipating on the 15th.

II. A major hurricane moving through the Gulf of Mexico hit the Rio Grande valley on August 4. It slowly moved through the area, causing 70 deaths.

III. On September 8 a hurricane moved into Florida south of St. Augustine. It moved across the state, emerging into the Gulf of Mexico before turning northeastward and hitting Florida again on the 9th.

IV. On October 4, a hurricane hit Cuba, causing 101 deaths. It moved northeastward, bringing rain and strong winds to the United States coastline but remaining offshore. The schooner revenue cutter "Vigilant", USRC Vigilant, was lost off Key West during this hurricane on the 4th and 5th.

No storms observed.

I. A possible hurricane hit near the mouth of the Mississippi River on April 3, causing heavy rain. It is unknown if it was a tropical system, due to the time of year. It is possibly like the Great Blizzard of 1993.

II. A slow-moving hurricane remained offshore of Cape Hatteras on September 6. It pushed water into the Pamlico Sound. When the hurricane moved far enough north, the northerly winds pushed the water back out, creating the Hatteras Inlet and the Oregon Inlet, the latter being named for the first large ship that could pass through the inlet.

III. On September 19, a gale destroyed 11 schooners from Marblehead, Massachusetts, and took 65 lives. It may have been a tropical cyclone. After this event, Gloucester took over as the center of New England fishing. (Rousmaniere)

IV. In October, a major hurricane, likely a Category 5, moved through the Caribbean Sea. It struck western Cuba on October 10, and hit the Florida Keys on the 11th, destroying the old Key West lighthouse and Fort Taylor. It headed northward, and on the 13th, it hit Tampa Bay as a major hurricane. As it approached, it sucked the water out of the bay, causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it. The hurricane moved across Florida, and remained inland over Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina. It moved up the Chesapeake Bay, causing extensive damage through Virginia, Maryland, Washington D.C., and Pennsylvania. It caused around 163 deaths, and brought damage throughout the areas it affected. It is known as the Great Havana Hurricane.

---Jay Barnes in "Florida's Hurricane History" actually states that Hector Braden, an area planter, drowned with his horse while crossing that very river in the height of the storm.---

A hurricane hit Tobago on October 11, resulting in 27 casualties.

I. On August 18, a tropical storm hit south central Louisiana, causing damage to cotton crops.

II. A hurricane tracked northeast of the Caribbean Sea through the Bahamas and recurved through the North Atlantic shipping lanes towards Europe between August 19 and September 2. This storm was one of the earliest tropical cyclones to have a track created.

III. A major hurricane, the Great Gale of 1848, hit near present-day Sarasota, Florida on September 25, creating a new waterway now called New Pass, named by William Whitaker as the first person to see this new waterway. It made landfall in Tampa Bay, near Fort Brooke and Tampa, where tides rose and the barometric pressure dipped to . It crossed to the east coast where it damaged houses, caused flooding and interfered with shipping.

IV. An eastward moving major hurricane hit the Florida Panhandle on October 11.

V. On October 17, a minimal hurricane hit the southeast coast of Texas, causing flooding and high tides.

I. A tropical cyclone may have moved into the Arklatex, as there was excessive flooding in northern sections of Louisiana that August.

II. A minimal hurricane moved into the Rio Grande river area on September 13.

III. A hurricane was first detected off the coast of North Carolina in early October. It moved northeastward, passing close but remaining offshore of Long Island. On October 6, it made landfall in Massachusetts, causing 143 deaths.




Jiban Thekey Neya

Jibon Theke Neya () is a Bengali movie by Bangladeshi filmmaker Zahir Raihan.

The movie is a political satire based on the Bengali Language Movement, and stars Shaukat Akbar, Anwar Hossain, Khan Ataur Rahman and Rosy Samad.

Jibon Theke Neya has been described as an example of "national cinema", using discrete local traditions to build a representation of the Bangladeshi national identity.

Pheray (1949 movie)

Pheray was a Pakistani Punjabi movie. It was released on August 3, 1949. The movie was directed by Nazir. The movie was a remake of Indian movie "Gaon Ki Gori", released in 1945 in India before partition.

Twin Towers

Twin Towers could mean:

In architecture:

In movie and literature:

In sports:

Live! Live! Live!

Live! Live! Live! is a live album released by Bryan Adams in 1988.

MTV Unplugged (Bryan Adams album)

MTV Unplugged is an acoustic live album by Canadian musician Bryan Adams. The album was recorded in September, 1997 at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City. Adams was joined by Irish piper Davy Spillane and Michael Kamen who wrote orchestrations for many of the songs and brought students from the Juilliard School to play them.

The album includes only thirteen of the songs recorded at the show. Many more are included on the "MTV Unplugged" DVD and the song order is also different than the CD.

So Far So Good (Bryan Adams album)

So Far So Good is a compilation album by Bryan Adams, released by A&M Records in November 1993. The album reached number six on the "Billboard" 200 charts in 1993.

The album contains hits from between "Cuts Like a Knife" (1983) and "Waking Up the Neighbours" (1991), and a new single, "Please Forgive Me". The only song on the album that has never been released as a single is "Kids Wanna Rock" from "Reckless" (1984).

Originally the song "So Far So Good" was going to be included on the album so the album started and finished with a new song but it was dropped. The song was included on disc two of "Anthology".

The Best of Me (Bryan Adams album)

The Best of Me is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Bryan Adams. It was released worldwide in 1999, and in the U.S. in 2002.

Special Tour Edition bonus disc


Anthology (Bryan Adams album)

Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005. The two disc set includes songs from 1980–2005. A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called ""Live in Lisbon"" was included in North America for a limited time. All the songs are in chronological order of their release, except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition, which was released in 1999. The album's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track.

"Anthology" co-produced by Adams, Robert Lange and Bob Clearmountain, peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200. The album was released on October 18, 2005 and features songs like "Heat of the Night", and "Summer of '69". Anthology peaked at 4 on the Canadian Album Chart 29 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified two times platinum in Canada and gold in the UK.

On the first disc, the North American edition has "The Best of Me" as the last track, while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc, and had "All I Want Is You" instead.

On the second disc, The North American edition has two songs from his Album "Room Service" and a new recorded version of "When You're Gone" with Pamela Anderson, while the International edition has the Chicane song "Don't Give Up" in place of Chicane's remix of "Cloud Number Nine", and a new song "I'm Not the Man You Think I Am" (from the movie "Colour Me Kubrick"), and the original version of "When You're Gone" with Melanie C instead.


Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron

Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a 2002 animated movie about a horse attempting to return home. It was made by DreamWorks Animation. The movie was directed by Kelly Asbury and Lorna Cook.



List of awards and nominations received by Bryan Adams

Bryan Adams is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He has been nominated for 13 Grammy Awards, and has won two. He has also received awards and nominations at the American Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, and Golden Globe Awards. His work on the "" soundtrack won him two awards at the 34th Grammy Awards, including "Best Pop Instrumental Performance" and "Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media". He also collaborated with Sting and Rod Stewart in 1995 for the single entitled "All for Love", which received a Grammy nomination that same year. Overall, Adams has received four awards from 4 nominations.

Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work. He was also inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998. In April 2006 he was inducted into The Canadian Music Hall of Fame at the Juno Awards, and in 2007 he was nominated for his fifth Golden Globe for the song "Never Gonna Break My Faith" which appeared on the soundtrack for the movie "Bobby".
The American Music Awards (AMA) are awarded for achievements in the record industry. Adams has won one AMA, and been nominated for three.

The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. Adams has won two Grammys and been nominated for thirteen.

The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music. Adams has won eighteen awards out of fifty-five nominations.

The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Adams has been nominated ten times and has received one award.
The Golden Globe Awards are awarded for achievements in the record industry. Adams has been nominated for five Golden Globe.

The Academy Awards, popularly known as the Oscars, are awards of merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry, including directors, actors, and writers. The formal ceremony at which the awards are presented is among the oldest, prestigious, and most watched film award ceremony in the world. Adams has been nominated three times but has never won.

Adams has been awarded three honours.


List of Bryan Adams backing band members

Bryan Adams is a Canadian rock musician, who started his solo carrier in 1979 in Kingston, Ontario. Bryan Adams live performances contrast with its in-studio counterpart: although Adams is in complete creative control in the studio, he has typically assembled groups of backing musicians to interpret songs for tours and other live performances.
















Rush discography

Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968, in the Willowdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, currently comprised of bassist, keyboardist, and lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson, and drummer and songwriter Neil Peart. The band and its membership went through a number of changes between 1968 and 1974, achieving their definitive form when Neil Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974.

The band released its self-titled debut album in March 1974, after which followed 19 additional studio recordings, 8 live albums and 6 compilations. As a group, Rush has made 24 gold records and 14 platinum (3 multi-platinum) records. According to the RIAA, Rush's number of sales place them fourth behind The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Aerosmith for the most gold or platinum albums one after another by a rock band. Rush also ranks 78th in U.S. album sales with 25 million items sold. Although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single person or group, as of 2004 some people guessed that Rush's total worldwide album sales is over 40 million items sold.


Witch hunt

A witch hunt is a search for witches. Witch hunts often involve moral panics or mass hysteria. They were much more common in the past than they are today. Many different groups participated in witch hunts, including Christians.

Witch hunts were most common in Europe from about 1480 AD to 1700 AD, during the Protestant Reformation and the Thirty Years' War. Tens of thousands of “witches” were executed during this period. Around the same time, there were many witch hunts in America, such as the Salem Witch Trials.

Today, there are fewer witch hunts. Most countries no longer have laws against witches. 

Most witch hunts today happen in South America, Southeast Asia, and Africa. Societies where witch hunts happen have a strong belief in magic. In many cases, these are instances of lynching, and burning a person. Witch hunts are regularly reported from much of Sub-Saharan Africa, from Saudi Arabia and from Papua New Guinea. 

The UNHCR say that such witch hunts usually are a massive violation of human rights. Most of the accused are women and children but can also be elderly people or marginalised groups of the community such as albinos and the HIV-infected. These victims are often considered burdens to the community. As as a result they are often driven out, starved to death, or killed violently, sometimes by their own families in acts of social cleansing. The causes of witch-hunts include poverty, epidemics, social crises and lack of education. The leader of the witch-hunt, often a prominent figure in the community or a "witch doctor", may also gain economic benefit by charging for an exorcism or by selling body parts of the murdered.

The term "witch hunt" is also used as a metaphor to describe a search for enemies in which people are accused without any real evidence. For example, during the Cold War, United States Senator Joseph McCarthy led a hunt for communists in American government and society. He accused many people, but eventually found no communist spies. McCarthyism is often called an example of a modern “witch hunt.” 



Kaneez (1965 movie)

Kaneez is a Pakistani Urdu black and white movie directed by renown director Hassan Tariq and produced by Hassan Tariq and Ali Sufiyan Afaqi. It casted Waheed Murad, Zeba, Mohammad Ali, Sabiha Khanam, Lehri, Saqi, Adeeb and Talish. It is a musical family relationship movie. Waheed Murad and Zeba played lead roles, and Mohammad Ali played a complete character role.

Armaan (1966 movie)

Armaan (), the Pakistani Urdu melodramatic black and white movie. It was produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Pervaiz Malik. It was the first Pakistani movie to complete 75 weeks in cinemas and, thus, became the first Pakistani 'Platinum Jubilee' movie. The movie was picturized in black and white prints and in beautiful locations of Karachi.

Badnaam (1966 movie)

Badnaam, is a Pakistani Urdu language movie, the movie was released on September 2, 1966.

Badnaam was based on Saadat Hasan Manto's short story "Jhumkay" ("earrings"). It was adapted for the screen by Riaz Shahid. The movie was directed and produced by Iqbal Shehzad, It is his debut movie as a director. "Badnaam" starred Allaudin, Nabeela, Neelo, Ejaz, Diljeet Mirza, Hamid Wain and Rangela.

Chakori (1967 movie)

Chakori is a Pakistani Urdu movie. This movie was released on March 23, 1967, on Eid-ul-Azha Day in Dacca, East Pakistan (now Bangladesh). The movie was directed by Captain Ehtisham. It was Nadeem Baig's and Shabana's debut movie.

Insaniyat (1967 movie)

Insaniyat (, ) is a Pakistani Urdu black and white movie. It was produced by A. Hameed. This movie is one of the masterpieces of the director Shabab Kiranvi. The movie starred Waheed Murad, Zeba, Tariq Aziz, Firdous and Nanna. This movie is one of the hit movies of Waheed Murad.

Doraha (1967 movie)

Doraha is a 1967 Pakistani Urdu movie. It is a black & white movie. "Doraha" is a classic romantic and melodious movie of 1960s. It is one of the best movies of Pervaiz Malik's and Waheed Murad's careers. At the box office, the movie did not earn much money. It gained more importance after several years. The movie became much more well liked during 1980s and 1990s. "Doraha" was produced by Sohail Rana and Pervaiz Malik. Malik also directed the movie. The movie stars Murad, Shamim Ara, Deeba, Ibrahim Nafees and Talish. For "Doraha", Waheed Murad first casted Zeba, but after her marriage with Mohammad Ali, he picked Shamim Ara. The people that knew Murad knew that Shamim Ara was just a replacement. All the dialogue and songs were for Zeba

Ehsaan (1967 movie)

Ehsaan is a Pakistani Urdu black and white movie. It was a presentation by Waheed & Malik combination. The movie is a love story, starring Waheed Murad, Zeba, Nirala, Rozina, Azad and Ibrahim Nafees. The movie was produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Pervaiz Malik.

Zinda Laash

Zinda Laash is a 1967 Pakistani Urdu feature movie, directed by Khwaja Sarfraz. Its produced by Abdul Baqi, a Lollywood movie starring by Asad Bukhari (Dr. Aqil Harker), Habib (Aqil's Brother), Deeba (Shabnam), Rehan (Vampire), Nasreen (Vampire bride).

Zinda Laash is also known as "Dracula in Pakistan" (USA title) and "The Living Corpse" (international title). It is the first movie in Pakistan to be X-rated.

Anjuman (movie)

Anjuman, a Pakistani Urdu colour film. It was released on 31 July 1970, starring Waheed Murad, Rani, Deeba, Santosh Kumar, Sabiha Khanam and Lehri. The film was released during the hey days of Waheed Murad and became a milestone in the Waheed's career. The film was produced by Safdar Masood and directed by Hassan Tariq, a Pakistani film director.

The film was released at a worse political situation of the country. Nevertheless, the film became a success, with tracks by Runa Laila.

The film won Nigar awards in the categories of best film, best director, best screenplay, best musician, best lyricist, best playback female singer, best editor, best art director and best comedian.

Naseeb apna apna (1970 movie)

Naseeb apna apna is a Pakistani Urdu black and white movie. It was directed by Qamar Zaidi and produced by Waheed Murad. It casted Waheed Murad, Shabnam, Zamrrud, Tamanna, Nirala and Saqi. It was a musical love story. The songs of the movie, especially Aye abr-e-karam..., became popular among the Waheed Murad's and Shabnam's fans. It proved to be one of the greatest hits in the early stage of Shabnam's movie career.

Tehzeeb (1971 movie)

Tehzeeb, is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It was released on November 20 1971.

The makers of this movie have been asked to change the lyrics of a reference to Misr might prove detrimental to diplomatic relations with that country. While the line "Laga hai misr ka bazaar dekho" changed to "Laga hai husn ka bazaar dekho" in the movie soundtrack, the gramophone records, already sold in good numbers, are beyond redemption.

Modène

Modène is a commune of 275 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Baharon Ki Manzil (1973 movie)

Baharon Ki Manzil is a 1973 Pakistani movie directed by S. Suleman.

Mondragon, Vaucluse

Mondragon is a commune of 3,363 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Jaal (1973 movie)

Jaal is a 1973 Pakistani Urdu colour movie. It is a musical and romantic movie. It was produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Iftikhar Khan. It was the first colour movie that was produced by Waheed Murad. The movie was released on 31 August 1973. It starred Waheed Murad, Nisho, Husna, Shaista Qaiser and Nanna. It was the second movie of Waheed Murad with Nisho, first being Mulaqat (released during the same year).

Aina (movie)

Aina, () also known as The Mirror, is a 1974 Pakistani movie. It was directed by Nazr-ul-Islam. Singers are Nayyara Noor, Mehnaz and Alamgir. The movie starred Shabnam and Nadeem in the lead roles. It is the longest running Pakistani movie on record. The movie influenced many Indian directors such as Dharmesh Darshan's Raja Hindustani, Aziz Mirza's Chalte Chalte and Deepak Sareen's Aaina.

Beyond the Last Mountain

Beyond the Last Mountain (1976) is a Pakistani English-language movie. It was directed and written by Javed Jabbar. Being Pakistan’s first and only English-language movie, which was shown at the first Bombay International Film Festival in 1976, it was also released in Urdu version with title "Musafir".

Maula Jatt

Maula Jatt () is one of the most popular movies in the history of Pakistani cinema. It is a Punjabi movie starring actor Sultan Rahi in the lead role and with Aseia and Mustafa Qureshi as the villain Noori Nuth.

"Maula Jutt" was a classic, a movie that scored heavily and reached cult status both in Pakistan and the Republic of India. Such was the impact of the movie that it was copied by movie makers in India and also in Pakistan where several movies with the suffix "Jatt" were made. However, no copy of this movie could ever hope to match the outstanding dialogues in the movie and the chemistry between Sultan Rahi and Mustafa Qureshi.

This movie belongs to a different genre and represents a culture which is so much part of the rural Punjab (Pakistan).

The Blood of Hussain

The Blood of Hussain is a Pakistani movie directed by Jamil Dehlavi and released in 1980 (released in February 1981 in the UK). The movie was banned throughout Pakistan as the military junta led by General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq toppled the government of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto.

Shaani

Shanee is a 1989 Pakistani movie starring Babra Sharif, Sheri Malik and Ghulam Mohiuddin and directed by Saeed Rizvi. The movie was known for its special effects which were first used in Pakistan.

Argun (Caucasus)

The Argun River () runs through the northern Caucasus, Georgia, and the Chechen Republic of Russia.

Capitán Sarmiento, Buenos Aires

Capitán Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the head town of the Capitán Sarmiento Partido.

The town and Partido were created on December 21 1961. It was named after Domingo Fidel Sarmiento, son of former President Domingo Faustino Sarmiento.

Please Forgive Me

"Please Forgive Me" is a single by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams from 1993. The song was made as a bonus track on Adams compilation album "So Far So Good". It is Adams's only Australian #1 single not written for a motion picture, and also reached #7 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. "Please Forgive Me" is a slow power ballad written by Adams himself and Robert Lange. The song has an instrumental intro, which is only found on the album version of the song.

The music video is filmed in a recording studio and features Adams, his band and a dog.

Children in Need

BBC Children in Need is a British charity. It is run by the BBC. It takes place every year in November. The appeal has raised over £1 billion since it started in 1980.

Children in Need has been given one evening on BBC One every year since 1980. Events aimed at raising money for charities working with children in the UK were shown. In 2007 over £39 million was raised. £19 million was raised on the programme. In 2008, nearly £22 million was raised on the night. The BBC also broadcast local fundraising events on the radio stations and regional television channels. The programme's mascot is called 'Pudsey', or 'Pudsey Bear'. It is a yellow teddy bear with a bandage over one eye. It was first seen in 1985. Pudsey and the Children in Need Logo were changed in 2007. Children in Need became a registered charity in 1989.

.Most of the money raised by the appeal comes from people who may have raised it themselves by taking part in sponsored events. A popular event is to sit in a bath of baked beans. Lots of companies also donate money or benefits. In the past, HSBC have helped with banking and BT have helped with the donation call centres and phone lines. On the night of the seven-hour long television programme lots of celebrities appear to support the cause and ask for donations. Various performances are often given, including sketches and musical numbers. There are also featurettes that show what the money is used for. Celebrities that appear are from both the BBC's own programmes, and also from the rival ITV network. They often appear in character and on the sets of their own programmes. One of the most popular features has been a musical number by the BBC newsreaders. In 2006 they had a "James Bond" theme, and in 2008 it was a "Mamma Mia!" one. The stars of newly opened West End musicals also perform songs from their shows later in the evening, after the 'curtain call' of the actual show performance for that evening. The total is also show on a screen about every hour. The presenters always accompany this with the phrase "every penny counts" to help to push the total beyond that of the previous year.

Most of the British public support Children in Need, but some have a different view. They say that showing children on television as victims, many of which are disabled, is unfortunate and counter-productive. Changes in society will be better for such children than money and sympathy.

Money that is given to Children in Need is used in lots of ways. When the appeal for the year closes, the money is given to organisations that help children that are at the age of 18 and under. The children that are helped often have mental, physical or sensory disabilities, or have behavioural or psychological disorders. Others live in poverty or deprivation, and some are living in distress, are sexually abused or just neglected. These children are in need of some help and children in need provides a basis for that help.

Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?

"Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?" is a 1995 song written by Bryan Adams, Michael Kamen and Robert John "Mutt" Lange for the movie "Don Juan DeMarco". The melody is used as a musical motif throughout the movie, and the song is featured three times in the movie, twice performed by other artists in Spanish, and finally performed by Adams himself during the closing credits. The Adams version of the song, which features flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia, is featured on the soundtrack album and also on the album "18 Til I Die". It was at number one for five weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, making it the third number one song for the songwriting team, and went on to earn them their second Oscar nomination.

Various women's groups contacted Adams when the song became popular, which led to his publishing a series of books of photos, with all proceeds going to breast cancer research.



Pink Floyd discography

Pink Floyd are an English progressive rock band. Pink Floyd has released fourteen studio albums, three live albums, eight compilations, three soundtracks, thirty-five singles, eleven music videos, four video albums and three box-sets.

Formed in 1964, Pink Floyd was first known for their psychedelic or space rock music and in later years their progressive rock music. They are known for philosophical lyrics, sonic experimentation, innovative cover art, and big live shows. One of rock music's most successful acts, the group have sold over 210 million albums worldwide, including 74.5 million albums in the United States alone.

Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene in the late 1960s led by Syd Barrett; however, Barrett's decline in health would eventually forced his band members to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour. After Barrett left the group Pink Floyd released "Ummagumma". The album was released as a double disc, the first disc contained songs performed live the other disc contained the new studio recorded songs. Singer and bass player Roger Waters gradually became the leader of the band in the mid-1970s, until 1985 when he left the group. The band recorded several albums, achieving worldwide success with "The Dark Side of the Moon" (1973), "Wish You Were Here" (1975), "Animals" (1977), and "The Wall" (1979) with all of them topping the American record chart with the exception of Animals. "The Dark Side of the Moon" is the third best-selling studio album in the world (not counting compilations and various artists soundtracks). In 1985, Waters stated that Pink Floyd was no more, but the remaining members, led by Gilmour, continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd. Waters sued the remaining members for the rights to the name, Waters lost and the band enjoyed worldwide success with "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" (1987) and "The Division Bell" (1994).

a These singles would later appear on the Pink Floyd compilation "The Early Singles".


Port Said Governorate

Port Said Governorate () is one of the governorates of Egypt. It is in the northeast of the country. Its capital is the city of Port Said.

Port Said is on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea at the northern gate of the Suez Canal.


Indus Valley Bullfrog

The Indus Valley Bullfrog ("Hoplobatrachus tigerinus") is a large species of frog found in Pakistan and the Republic of India.


<br>

Pahari-Pothwari

Pahari-Pothwari is a Punjabi variety or dialect within the Indo-Aryan language family, spoken in Pothohar region of Punjab and Azad Kashmir in Pakistan; as well as in western parts of Jammu and Kashmir in India. It is known by different names, such as Pahari, Pothwari, Pothohari, Mirpuri.

Pahari-Pothwari is classified within Lahnda (Western Punjabi) and is transitional between Hindko in the west and Majhi in the east. The Punjabi poet, Mian Muhammad Bakhsh, wrote in a mix of Majhi and Pothwari. 

Within Pakistan, it is spoken in the Pothohar Plateau and Azad Kashmir and overlaps between these two regions.

The numbering in Pahari-Pothwari is similar to that of other Punjabi dialects and varieties. Pahari-Pothwari uses "tre" for "three", which is also found in some forms of Majhi and Hindko.

Chris Melling

Chris Melling (born 21 September 1984, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Greater Manchester) is an English rugby league player. He plays for Harlequins RL in the European Super League. Melling also plays on the Great Britain national rugby league team.

Chris Melling likes to play full-back. He can also play several other positions.

Melling is a former Wigan Senior Academy captain who made several appearance for the Wigan first team.

In Super League 2004 it had seemed that Melling's career was in doubt following a serious knee injury suffered playing for Wigan against Leeds at Headingley. Melling had been seen as a future star before having his season ended by a cruciate ligament injury.

Upon his return to first team action in 2005 Chris made a further 10 first grade appearances for the JJB club before picking up another knee injury requiring further surgery.

Melling returned to full fitness in 2006, but found first team opportunities limited, due to the emergence of Chris Ashton at the club.

Chris Melling moved into the hooking role in Wigan's academy, impressing enough to be voted as the U'21 Academy 'Player of the Year' for 2006.<ref name="League Playing squad 2006/2007"></ref>

He left Wigan to pursue regular first team football.

Melling was initially signed as a back-up hooker to Chad Randall, however the Great Britain international has made full back position his own. He has been compared to Wade McKinnon with the youngster being defensively solid and dependable, with an eye for a gap bringing the ball out in attack.

His move to Harlequins RL was to have seen the youngster undergo a positional change with a move to hooker. He had been previously employed throughout the backline, with most of his first team appearances coming as an outside back.

Melling has impressed in 2007, starting games at full-back and throughout the backline and scoring four tries.

In May 2007 Chris Melling agreed to a new two-year deal with Harlequins Rugby League, midway through his first season at the Twickenham Stoop. This will keep Melling in the capital until 2009.

He is seen as the emerging star at the London club, with Harlequins RL investing in young British talent.

In June 2007 Melling was called up to the Great Britain squad and wore the number 1 shirt in the Test match against France.

Melling was joined in the Great Britain Test side by Quins teammate Paul Sykes.

Melling made his Great Britain debut in the 42-14 victory over the French on June 22nd 2007, despite carrying an injury.

Melling is also a youth level international for England.

Melling is a qualified Physiotherapist after studying at the University of Central Lancashire in Preston, graduating in June 2006. Melling hopes to set up his own physiotherapy practise in the future.


Odia language

Odia (), formerly known as Oriya, is an Indo-Aryan language, mainly spoken in the Indian state of Odisha. The language is also an official language of India. There are about 50 million people worldwide who speak Odia.

A recording of India appeared on the screen. This is The first article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Odia:

Aulaad (1962 movie)

Aulaad is a Pakistani Urdu movie. The movie was released on August 3, 1962.

Sangam (1964 movie)

Sangam is a Pakistani Urdu movie released in 1964. It was directed by Zahir Raihan. The movie stars Rosy Samad.

Diya Aur Toofan

Diya Aur Toofan () is a Pakistani Urdu romantic comedy movie. It is about a crazy doctor and the man who falls in love with his daughter. Pakistani reviewer Krid Urshla said in regards to the movie, "Mish ahn nekki longua rembran rembronz inhat rembrin", which translates to "simply smashing ... A titanic effort ... may be the best movie of all time."

Hero (1985 movie)

Hero is 1985 a Pakistani Urdu movie. It stars Waheed Murad, Babra Sharif, Mumtaz, Aslam Pervaiz, Saqi, Adil Murad and Nadeem. The movie was produced by Murad and directed by his friend Iqbal Yousuf.

Bulandi (1990 movie)

Bulandi () is a 1990 Pakistani Urdu movie. It was directed by Javed Fazil and produced by Aslam Butt. The movie is also known as Vantage. "Bulandi" is a Lollywood movie starring by Nadeem, Samina Peerzada, Reema Khan, Shan, Madhiha Shah, Reema and Shaan.

Haseena Atom Bomb

Haseena Atom Bomb is a 1990 cult Pakistani movie. It was directed by Saeed Ali Khan. The movie was first recorded in Pashto on a low budget. It was later dubbed in Urdu, the national language of Pakistan. The Urdu version became a national blockbuster.

Jeeva (movie)

Jeeva () is a 1995 Urdu movie. It was directed by Syed Noor. The movie introduced Babar Ali and Resham into Lollywood and turned them into stars. "Jeeva" was also very well liked at the film festivals in other countries where it was shown. The shrine of Hazrat Ayub Ansari (reh) in Istanbul, Turkey was shown in this movie. Nadeem played the title role. This movie was a big milestone for Anwar Rafi who was struggling in many years. Famous folk singer Shoukat Ali sung his only duet song with Madam Noor Jehan

Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya

Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya () is a Pakistani Urdu movie which starred Neeli, Javed Sheikh, Atiqa Odho, Reema and Nadeem. The movie was released in the summer of 1995 and earned major revenue for its production studio. It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios. The English title is "Scared".

Mushkil

Mushkil (, "difficult") is an Urdu movie which was released in 1995 across theaters in Pakistan. The movie dealt with the issue of child-camel jockeys illegally trafficked from the third world into the numerous Arab oildoms. The highlight of the movie was the stunning score composed by the late Amjad Bobby. Hit tracks included Dil ho gaya hai tera deewana and Mushkil hai barha mushkil hai.

Sargam (1995 movie)

Sargam is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It was directed by Syed Noor. The movie starring the singer Adnan Sami Khan and his former wife Zeba Bakhtiar. The movie was Khan's first and last movie. He composed some songs with Indian singer Asha Bhonsle. He created 10 songs for this movie. This is more songs than any other Pakistani movie. Most of the songs were very popular. A classical musician, Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak appeared as an actor in this movie. The song "Woh Mujhey" was sung by the popular Pakistani pop singer Hadiqa Kiyani. It was an instant hit for her and increased her popularity.

Chor Machaye Shor (1996 movie)

Chor Machaye Shor () is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It was directed by Syed Noor. The movie stars Babar Ali, Resham and Sahiba. The movie was released in 1996. It is a remake of Punjabi movie "Sohra te Jawai"

Ghunghat (movie)

Ghoongat (also spelled Ghunghat) () is an Urdu movie released in the summer of 1996. It starred Mohsin Khan, Andaleeb, Shaan, Resham and Arbaaz Khan. The movie marked Shaan's comeback into the Lahore industry and won the actor many plaudits for his performance as the villain. Ghoongat was directed by Syed Noor and produced by Shezad Rafique.

Deewane Tere Pyar Ke

Deewane Tere Pyaar Key (, English title: "Love Crazy") is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997. It was directed by Syed Noor and produced by Evernew Studios.

Sangam (1997 movie)

Sangam is a Pakistani Urdu movie released in 1997, directed by Syed Noor and starring Resham, Shaan, Salim Sheikh and Sana.

Jinnah (movie)

Jinnah is a biographical movie about the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah. It was directed by Jamil Dehlavi and written by Akbar S. Ahmed and Jamil Dehlavi. The movie was released in 1998 in London, the United Kingdom and Pakistan.


1870 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1870 Atlantic hurricane season was a hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean. There weren't many storms in it.

This hurricane was a "short lived" hurricane it's probably the only hurricane to last less than a day other than Hurricane Seven.

This was another "short lived" storm.

This was another "short lived" storm.

This was another "short lived" storm.

On October 5, a tropical storm formed south of Haiti. It moved west-northwest, becoming a hurricane south of Cuba on the 6th. The hurricane strengthened fast to its top winds of 115 mph before hitting Matanzas, Cuba on the 7th. After crossing the island, it moved slowly over the Florida Keys, causing 1200 more deaths there. It moved out to sea, last being seen on the 14th. The hurricane, known as the Hurricane of San Marcos or the Straits of Florida Hurricane, caused lots of flooding in Cuba and south Florida, resulting in 2000 deaths.

This was another "short lived" storm.

This was another "short lived" storm.

On October 19 a Category 2 hurricane hit western Cuba. It crossed Florida, and caused 52 deaths. This was another "short lived" storm.
This was another "short lived" storm.

This was another "short lived" storm.

Kannada cinema

Kannada cinema is movies made in the Indian state of Karnataka. Most of the movies are made in the Kannada language. Some are in Konkani or Tulu languages. This part of the Indian film industry is also called Sandalwood.

Monrovia, California

Monrovia is a city in California, United States.

Responsible government

Responsible government is a principle of some democratic governments. It is not the same as a government with responsibility. 
A responsible government is one in which there is a degree of accountability towards parliament. There is also the fundamental concept of Bicameralism. For example, in the United Kingdom the accountability tends towards the Lower House (House of Commons), as the upper House (House of Lords) is not wholly elected. Thus, there is a better representation of those who voted for the government that holds the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty.

In the government of a country that uses responsible government, the leaders of the executive branch of government (called the cabinet) are also members of the legislature. Also, the cabinet must have the support of the majority of the legislature to stay in power. If it loses the support of the legislature, there will be an election or a different political party will make a new cabinet.

Countries that use responsible government usually have parliamentary systems of government. Some examples of countries that have responsible government are the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia.

In countries that do not have responsible government, the cabinet and the legislature are each elected separately. This system has more separation of powers than a system with responsible government. Some examples of countries that "do not" have a system of responsible government are the United States and France. 

Vistlip

vistlip is a Japanese visual kei rock band. The band formed in 7 July 2007 and is currently signed to Delfi Sound and Marvelous Entertainment.






Trang province

Trang is the one of the southern provinces of Thailand. The province has an area about . It is located on the Andaman Sea, and contains 46 islands together with the mainland area. Most of the mainland area is hills. The important rivers that flows through the province, are the Trang River and Palian River. The rivers flow between the Khao Luang mountain range and the Khao Banthat mountain range.

Trang used to be a port involved in foreign trade and transportation. Trang was the first province in Thailand where rubber trees were planted. Governor Mahison Phakdi brought rubber from Malaysia and planted it here in 1899. Rubber is now considered an important product of Thailand.

The monsoon season on the Andaman Coast runs from June to September, when there are very big storms and a lot of rain. The province is driest during October to May.

In the past, Trang's name was Ta-Rang, a Malay name. The Thai people later shortened the name into one syllable.

The province is divided into ten districts ("amphoe"):


Joseph Nathaniel French

Joseph Nathaniel French, Sr. (October 24, 1888 – February 28, 1975) was an architect with Albert Kahn Associates, Inc. from 1914 to 1967. He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in Detroit, Michigan.

He was born on October 24, 1888 in Boston, Massachusetts and attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and graduated in 1911. French first married Amie Gertrude Lathe (1885-1921) around 1912 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was put in charge of the last stages of construction on Henry Ford's Fairlane Manor in Dearborn, Michigan in 1913. In 1914 he started work for Albert Kahn Associates, Inc. in Detroit, Michigan, as a draftsman and then as an architect. By 1916 he was living at 2098 Woodward Avenue in Detroit. On June 10, 1921 his wife Amie died, and on June 8, 1926 he married Yolanda Christina Tandberg (1902-2003). Yolanda was the daughter of Thorvald Martin Tandberg (1874-1970) and Alvilde Marie Magdalene Naess (1875-1933) of Norway. She was 14 years younger than Joseph. They had several children including, Joseph Nathaniel French, Jr. While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928. From 1930 to 1932 he worked at the Albert Kahn Associates, Inc. Moscow office with twenty-four other Kahn engineers and architects. One of his projects was the steel work of the General Motors Futurama building at the 1939 New York World's Fair. He worked on the design of the Chrysler plant near Kansas City. He died on February 28, 1975 in Livonia, Michigan. He was buried in Roseland Park Cemetery at 29001 Woodward Avenue, Berkley, Michigan.



The Piper at the Gates of Dawn

The Piper at the Gates of Dawn is Pink Floyd's first album. Many people think it is one of the most influential albums in history. It had a very big influence on the psychedelic rock scene of the time, and also on the music that people made afterward. It is the only Pink Floyd album with Syd Barrett as the leader, although Barrett was on some of the next album, "A Saucerful of Secrets".

The lyrics for "Piper" were mostly written by Syd Barrett, and are often whimsical, playful, or childlike. The album has songs about space, scarecrows, gnomes, bicycles and fairytales. Some parts of the album, like "Interstellar Overdrive", are instrumental and have no singing on them.

Special limited editions of "Piper" were released to mark its 30th anniversary in 1997, and its 40th anniversary in 2007.

All songs written by Syd Barrett, except where noted.

It's Only Love (Bryan Adams song)

"It's Only Love" is a hit rock duet recorded by Grammy Award winning singers Bryan Adams and Tina Turner. It was included on Bryan Adams' album "Reckless" and Tina Turner's live album "Tina Live in Europe", as well as being added to both artists' greatest hits compilations: Adams' "Anthology" and Turner's "All the Best". It reached number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. and number 29 in the UK. The 12" single included the 1985 live version that would later appear on the 1988 album "Tina Live in Europe".

Tina Turner

Tina Turner (born Anna Mae Bullock; November 26, 1939 – May 24, 2023) was an American-born Swiss singer-songwriter, actress, dancer and entertainer. Her success, dominance, popularity and consistent contributions to the rock music genre got her the title, "The Queen of Rock & Roll". 

She is known worldwide for her overpowering and energetic stage presence, powerful vocals, ground-breaking concerts as well as for her long, well-proportioned legs that are considered the most famous in show business.

She retired from singing in 2009 after completing her "Tina: 50th Anniversary Tour".

Turner lived in a lake house Château Algonquin in Küsnacht, near to Zürich, since 1994. She was a Buddhist.

In April 2013, Turner became a Swiss citizen and renounced her American citizenship.

In 2013, three weeks after her wedding to Erwin Bach, she suffered a stroke and had to learn to walk again. 

In 2016, she was diagnosed with intestinal cancer. Turner used homeopathic remedies to treat her high blood pressure but caused kidney failure. Her chances of receiving a kidney were low, and she was urged to start dialysis. Turner wanted to commit assisted suicide, but her husband donated his kidney in April 2017.

Turner died on May 24, 2023 at the age of 83 at her home in Küsnacht, Switzerland after a long illness.

She was listed on Rolling Stone's list "The Immortals – The Greatest Artists of All Time". Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee, and she is also represented in the Grammy Hall of Fame by two of her recordings: "River Deep - Mountain High" (1999) and "Proud Mary" (2003). Turner won eight Grammy Awards. 

Here I Am (Bryan Adams song)

"Here I Am" is a song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams. The song was written and recorded in 2002 for the movie "" and was both released on the soundtrack and as a single. The single reached #1 in Taiwan and Portugal. The song won a ASCAP Award and was nominated for Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.

The music video was shot in the American wilderness. It features Adams and several women living in the wilderness trying to survive from the thirst, snakes etc. As a reference to the movie a herd of horses is running through the wilderness. The video was directed by Mike Lipscombe and produced by Michael Pierce.


Open Road (Bryan Adams song)

"Open Road" is the first single from Bryan Adams' 2004 album ""Room Service"". In the summer of 2005, the song was used as the theme song in ESPN's SportsCenter series "50 States in 50 Days".



Ithaca, New York

Ithaca is a city in upstate New York, America. It was named after the Greek island of Ithaca. Cornell University and Ithaca College are in the city.

Ithaca

Ithaca (Ithaka or Ithaki; ) is one of the Ionian Islands on the west coast of Greece. It is about long and wide. In 2001 there were about 3,000 people living there.

Odysseus was said to be the king of Ithaca in the epic poem the "Odyssey", which was written in the Ancient Greek language. It is possible that this ancient island is in a place different from the modern island.

Clitoral glans

The clitoral glans (glans clitoridis) is a part of the clitoris found on the outside of the vagina.

The clitoral glans is covered by the clitoral hood, which is attached to the labia minora. The whole structure is attached to the frenulum clitoridis and clitoral body (which is internal).

The glans (head) of the clitoris is about the size and shape of a pea. It is highly sensitive because it has lots of nerves around and on it for arousal. During arousal, the glans fills with blood.


Israel–Palestine conflict

The Israel–Palestine conflict is a war and dispute that is still going on between the State of Israel and the Palestinians (some of which are represented by the Palestinian Authority, Fatah, or Hamas). It is part of the wider Arab–Israeli conflict. The dispute is over a specific area of land (what used to be the Mandatory Palestine area) that Palestinians and Israelis both claim. Many attempts have been made to make a two-state solution, which would mean an independent Palestinian state and an Israeli state, dividing the land between the two groups.
Right now, the vast majority of Israelis and Jews, according to many polls, agree a two-state solution is the best way to end the conflict. Most Palestinians view Judea and Samaria and the Gaza Strip as the area of their future state, which is a view also accepted by most Israelis. A handful of academics advocate a one-state solution, where all of Israel, the Gaza Strip, and Judea and Samaria would become a bi-national state (a country for both Israelis and Palestinians) with equal rights for all. However, there are big areas of disagreement over the form of any final agreement and also about the level of trust each side has in the other in following an agreement.

In 1920, 1937, 1948, 1967, 2000, 2003, 2006 and 2021 there were agreements to split the land into two countries, away from the original plan of a Jewish state in all of mandatory Palestine (Jordan and Israel). Israel accepted all of them. Every other plan has been rejected by most factions of Arabs or Palestinians.

Many Jews in Asia, Africa, and Arabia have moved to Israel.

In 1948, there were between 758,000 and 881,000 Jews (see table below) living in communities throughout the Arab world. Today, there are fewer than 24,000. In some Arab states, such as Libya, which was about 3% Jewish, the Jewish community no longer exists; in other Arab countries, only a few hundred Jews remain. This table shows how many Jews are left in Muslim countries as of 2020:

& Arab Countries 

Pakistan...2,000-5,000 ...>900 (2017)
Non-Arab Muslim 
In addition:<br>Samara, Eritrea total 0 


The Israel-Palestine conflict: a brief, simple history, Vox Media LLC on YouTube

RPM (magazine)

RPM was a Canadian music magazine that had song and album charts for Canada. It was started by Walt Grealis in February 1964 and printed with the help of Stan Klees who owned a record label. "RPM" was printed until November 2000.

"RPM" stood for "Records, Promotion, Music". Sometimes the magazine was also called "RPM Weekly" and "RPM Magazine".

Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media

The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media has been awarded since 1988 for the best songs written for movies, television, video games and other visual media. 

The award name has been through several name changes over the years:

Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year. The award is presented to the songwriter(s).

Bonnie Raitt

Bonnie Lynn Raitt (born November 8, 1949) is an American blues singer-songwriter, born in Burbank, California. Raitt is best known for her songs "Nick of Time", "Something to Talk About", and the ballad "I Can't Make You Love Me." Raitt is also an avid political activist and has received nine Grammy Awards in her career.

Melanie C

Melanie Chisholm (born 12 January 1974) is an English singer-songwriter and television personality. She is best known as one of the five members of the girl group Spice Girls, where she was nicknamed "Sporty Spice". As a solo artist, she has released four albums and was nominated for a BRIT and ECHO Awards and charted at the top of the "Billboard" Dance Chart in the US in late 2000.

Chicane (musician)

Chicane is the stage name of English musician and record producer Nick Bracegirdle. He was born on 28 February, 1971, in Chalfont St Giles, Buckinghamshire.

Chicane is known for the singles "Offshore", an Ibiza dance anthem included in thousands of compilations in both chill-out and dance versions; "Saltwater", which featured vocals by Clannad member Máire Brennan and is one of the most well-known and popular singles of the trance genre; and the UK number-one hit "Don't Give Up", featuring vocals by Bryan Adams, and also a top ten hit on singles charts across Europe.

Wish You Were Here (album)

Wish You Were Here is a concept album by Pink Floyd. It was recorded at Abbey Road Studios between January and July 1975, and released on 15 September 1975. The album would later be thought of as one of Pink Floyd's greatest albums, and was ranked 209 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. Its lyrics, written by Roger Waters, talk about the music industry, and the market-oriented record companies' not having an understanding and interest for musicians. The album also pays tribute to Syd Barrett, Pink Floyd's former guitarist and chief songwriter, with the songs "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" and the "Wish You Were Here" title track. The album sold 10 million copies worldwide.

Animals (Pink Floyd album)

Animals is a concept album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 23 January 1977 in the United Kingdom and on 2 February 1977 in the United States. The album proved to be a success in the UK, where it reached #2 in the era of punk music. It was also a success in the U.S., reaching #3 on the Billboard album charts (#1 and #2 were "Hotel California" by the Eagles, and the soundtrack to the Barbra Streisand film "A Star Is Born"). However, it was on the American charts for only six months even though it has continued to sell solidly, to the extent of its having gone quadruple platinum, according to the RIAA.

In the UK, the British Phonographic Industry awarded the album Gold (100,000 units) in 1977. It has yet to achieve Platinum.

Space rock

Space rock is a subgenre of rock music. The term originally referred to a group of early mostly British 1970s progressive rock and psychedelic bands such as Hawkwind and Pink Floyd. The music is characterised by slow, lengthy instrumental passages dominated by synthesisers, experimental guitar work and science fiction lyrical themes. Later the words were changed to mean a series of late 1980s British alternative rock bands that drew from earlier influences to create a more melodic but still ambient form of pop music.

The Final Cut (album)

The Final Cut is the twelfth studio album by Pink Floyd. It was recorded at various studios in the UK from July to December 1982. It is the final Pink Floyd studio album with the band's bassist and primary songwriter Roger Waters.

The album is mostly the work of Waters. It is the only Pink Floyd album on which the credit for writing every song is given to Waters alone. Keyboardist Rick Wright had been fired by Waters during the recording of "The Wall", so this is the only Pink Floyd album on which Wright does not participate at all. Meanwhile, David Gilmour sings lead vocals on only one of the album's twelve songs, the rest being sung entirely by Waters.

During the recording of "The Final Cut", there was a lot of tension between Waters and the other members of the band, particularly Gilmour, who now says that he doesn't like most of the album. For these and other reasons, it is sometimes regarded as a Roger Waters solo album rather than a true Pink Floyd album.

None of the album's songs has ever been performed live by Pink Floyd, though some have been performed live by Waters during solo tours. Waters' dominance on the album is most clearly seen on the back cover, which reads: "The Final Cut: A Requiem for the Post-War Dream - by Roger Waters, performed by Pink Floyd".

All songs were composed by Roger Waters. All lead vocals performed by Roger Waters unless otherwise stated.




A Momentary Lapse of Reason

A Momentary Lapse of Reason is the thirteenth studio album by Pink Floyd, the band's first release after the departure of Roger Waters from the band in 1985. The album reached #3 on both the U.S. and UK charts. It was released in the UK and the rest of Europe on EMI and on Columbia Records for the rest of the world.

All lead vocals performed by David Gilmour except where noted.





Mmhmm

Mmhmm is the fourth album made by Relient k. It has other spellings because it's a strange word. It is different from the bands previous albums, because it's heavier but also softer at times with the music. It marks the time where the band became more serious, using fewer joke songs than before.

This was their first album on their record label Capitol Records. It was also the last CD which Brian Pitman (Relient k bassist) recorded with the band.

The album was released again, with a new song which was first found on an EP. In 2005, the album was given gold status, because it had sold half a million copies in America. The album had a few singles which were played only on Christian radio such as "High of 75" and "I so hate consequences".


Aboriginal art

Aboriginal art is art made by indigenous Australian people. It includes work made in many different ways including painting on leaves, wood carving, rock carving, sculpting, ceremonial clothing and sand painting. Aboriginal art is closely linked to religious ceremonies or rituals. It is an important part of the world's oldest continuous cultural tradition, based on totems and the Dreaming. 

Australian Indigenous art is the oldest ongoing tradition of art in the world. The earliest artworks were rock carvings, body painting and ground designs, which date back more than 30,000 years.

Symbols are used in aboriginal art, to show different things. While the meaning of these symbols is often shared, they can change meaning within the same piece, and they can be different between different groups. Aboriginal art is a language in itself, communicating through beautiful patterns. This started around 30,000 to 40,000 years ago.

Some aboriginal artists sell their artwork for a lot of money. In 2007 Pitjantjatjara artist Yannima Pikarli Tommy Watson sold a painting for AU$240,000.

In 2010 the Queensland Government said that it would have the first two Tilt Trains painted by indigenous artists Judy Watson and Alick Tipoti. With seven carriages and two locomotives, the trains will be 185 metres long, making them the biggest modern aboriginal art piece. The Tilt Trains will run between Brisbane and Cairns.

There are several types of aboriginal art and ways of making art. This includes rock painting, dot painting, rock engravings, bark painting, carvings, sculptures, and weaving and string art. 

Australian indigenous art is the oldest unbroken tradition of art in the world. The oldest dated rock art painting in Australia is a charcoal image on a rock, drawn 28,000 years ago. It is one of the oldest known pieces of rock art on Earth. It was found in the Narwala Gabarnmang rock shelter in south-western Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory. 

Rock art includes painting and engraving or carving. It can be found at sites throughout Australia, but is difficult to date. Some examples in the Pilbara area of Western Australia and at Olary in South Australia are believed to be 40,000 years old. Some art shows extinct animals such as "Genyornis" and "Thylacoleo". Other paintings show the arrival of European ships.

The indigenous Australians used different ways of making a rock engraving. This often depended on the type of rock. There are several different types of rock art across Australia. The most famous sites are Murujuga in Western Australia, the Sydney rock engravings around Sydney in New South Wales, and the Panaramitee rock art in Central Australia. The Sydney engravings show carved animals and humans in a style not found elsewhere in Australia. 

The rock art at Murujuga is said to be the world's largest collection of petroglyphs. It has images of animals such as the thylacine, which are now extinct.

Dot painting is made up of small dots of paint colours like yellow (representing the sun), brown (the soil), red (desert sand) and white (the clouds and the sky). These are traditional Aboriginal colours. Dot paintings can be painted on anything, including on rocks, in caves, etc. The paintings were mostly images of animals or lakes, and the Dreamtime. Stories and legends were shown on caves and rocks.

Bark painting is made on sheets of bark from trees. Bark paintings are regarded as fine art, and high prices are often paid for it on the international art markets. The best artists are recognized annually in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award.

This is a kind of maplike, bird's-eye view of the desert landscape. It is often used to tell Dreaming stories. In the distant past, these were made on rock, sand or as body painting. Today they are often colored drawings with liquid based color on canvas (see section Papunya Tula and "Dot Painting" above).

Stone arrangements are found across Australia. Some are large, such as the 50m-diameter circles of Victoria, with 1m-high stones buried in the ground. Some are small such as those near Yirrkala which show images of the praus used by Macassan Trepang fishermen and spear throwers.



Modern Aboriginal art still uses traditional symbols. While the meaning of the symbols can be the same across Australia, they can also change within in a single painting. A symbol such as a circle can be used as a circle within a circle, sometimes on its own or clustered in groups. The meaning can depend on which tribe the artist is from. The circles could be campfires, trees, hills, digging holes, water holes or a spring. The meaning can be changed by the use of colour, so water could be blue or black.
Many paintings by Aboriginal artists, tell a story from the Dreamtime. These can be drawn like a map. The story shows how the land was created by ancestral beings in their journey or during creation. These paintings continue a tradition of songs, ceremonies, rock art and body art that is thousands of years old.

Whatever the meaning, interpretations of the symbols should be made in context of the entire painting, the region from which the artist originates, the story behind the painting, and the style of the painting, with additional clues being the colours used in some of the more modern works, such as blue circles signifying water. 

Traditional art almost always is about the Dreamtime of indigenous Australian artists. Wenten Rubuntja, an indigenous landscape artist, says it is hard to find any art that is devoid of spiritual meaning

"Doesn't matter what sort of painting we do in this country, it still belongs to the people, all the people. This is worship, work, culture. It's all Dreaming. There are two ways of painting. Both ways are important, because that's culture." – source "The Weekend Australian Magazine", April 2002

Story-telling and totem representation feature prominently in all forms of Aboriginal artwork. In some parts of Arnhem Land, the artists used an X-ray style of painting. 

Many important sites of Aboriginal rock paintings have been gradually damaged or destroyed by early settlers and modern-day visitors. Some sites have been cleared or built over. Other sites have been damaged by visitors touching the paint, or graffiti. Many sites are now protected by fences or closed off to the public permanently.

Now or Never

"Now or Never" is the first song off the soundtrack from "". It is about the East High Wildcats' final game of basketball before they leave East High. It was released on iTunes Music Store on September 2, 2008.

What Time Is It? (song)

"What Time Is It?" is a song off the soundtrack for "High School Musical 2".

List of heads of state of Poland

List of the Presidents of Poland (officially President of the Republic of Poland) and other Polish heads of state since 1918 (people who held title other than President)


Government in emigration was recognized internationally until 1945




Cuts Like a Knife (song)

"Cuts Like a Knife" is a 1983 song by Bryan Adams and is the title track from his third studio album "Cuts Like a Knife". It went to number 55 in Australia, number 12 in Canada and number 15 in the United States.

A.E.K. Athens F.C.

A.E.K. Athens F.C. () is a Greek football club. The team is based in Nea Filadelfia, Athens. It is one of the most successful Greek clubs. AEK was established on 13 April 1924 by Greek people who left Constantinople (Istanbul) during the Greco-Turkish War. AEK Athens, is the only Greek football club that has been advanced to the Semi-Finals of the UEFA Cup, in 1977. They have rivalries with Panathinakos, Olympiacos, and PAOK.

Leagues:

Cups:



Official websites
News sites

Progesterone

Progesterone is a steroid hormone. In animals, it is made from cholesterol. It is the base for making certain estrogens and androgens. In animals, it is produced by their body mainly during the second half of the menstrual cycle. During pregnancy it is produced in higher quantities.
Willard Myron Allen co-discovered progesterone with his anatomy professor George Washington Corner at the University of Rochester Medical School in 1933 year. Allen discovered temperature needed to melt it and its weight. He also gave it the name Progesterone based on Progestational Steroidal ketone.
In one plant, Juglans regia, progesterone has been found. Also progesterone-like steroids are found in Dioscorea mexicana.
Progesterone level is low in children and postmenopausal women.

Spontaneous generation

The theory known as spontaneous generation held that complex, living organisms are generated by decaying organic substances. Mice might spontaneously appear in stored grain or maggots could spontaneously appear in meat.

According to Aristotle it was a readily observable truth that aphids arise from the dew which falls on plants, fleas from putrid matter, mice from dirty hay, crocodiles from logs rotting at the bottom of bodies of water, and so forth. In the 17th century these things started to be questioned. Sir Thomas Browne wrote a book called "Pseudodoxia Epidemica". He subtitled it "Enquiries into Very many Received Tenets, and Commonly Presumed Truths". He published it in 1646. He wrote it as an attack on "false beliefs and "vulgar errors"". 

Scientists did not accept the conclusions he reached. Alexander Ross, a scientist who lived at the same time as Browne, wrote about it: "To question this (he meant: to question spontaneous generation) is to question reason, sense and experience. If he doubts of this let him go to Egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice, begot of the mud of Nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants."

In 1546 the physician Girolamo Fracastoro theorized that epidemic diseases were caused by tiny, invisible particles or "spores", which might not be living creatures, but this was not widely accepted. Robert Hooke published the first drawings of a microorganism in 1665. He is also credited for naming the cell which he discovered while observing cork samples.

In 1676, Anthony van Leeuwenhoek discovered microorganisms that were probably protozoa and bacteria. This sparked new interest in the microscopic world. 

The first step was taken by the Italian Francesco Redi. In 1668, Redi proved that no maggots appeared in meat when flies were prevented from laying eggs. From the 17th century onwards it was gradually shown that, at least in the case of all the higher and readily visible organisms, ideas about spontaneous generation were false. The alternative seemed to be omne vivum ex ovo: that every living thing came from a pre-existing living thing (literally, everything from an egg). 

In 1768 Lazzaro Spallanzani proved that microbes came from the air, and could be killed by boiling. Yet it was not until 1861 that Louis Pasteur performed a series of careful experiments. With these experiments, Pasteur proved that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not appear in nutrient-rich media of their own accord in non-living material. This experiment supported cell theory.


Black-necked crane

The black-necked crane ("Grus nigricollis"), also known as Tibetan crane, is a large bird and medium-sized crane. 

It is 139 cm (55 in) long, it has a 235 cm (7.8 ft) wingspan and weights 5.5 kg (12 lbs). It is whitish-gray crane with a black head, red crown patch, black upper neck and legs, and white patch to the rear of the eye. It has black primaries and secondaries. Both sexes are similar. In Kashmir, it is the state/regional bird of the disputed territory.

Mother of the Nation

The term Mother of the Nation refers to a female leader or female politician who led her country to independence or had a big, positive influence on her country, and who is highly honored by her country.

The following women are still often called the "Mother" of their respective nations.


Ratatouille

Ratatouille is an old French Provençal stewed vegetable dish, coming from Nice. The full name of the dish is ratatouille niçoise. The word "ratatouille" may come from the word "touiller", which means "to stir up". It includes tomato sauce and cucumber.

Die Welt

Die Welt is a daily German newspaper. It is conservative and free market in its editorial policy. It has an circulation of about 210,000 newspapers a day.

Die Welt was founded in 1946. The founder was the British Military Government in Germany.
In the 1950's the Axel Springer Verlag bought the newspaper.


Die tageszeitung

die tageszeitung (short taz) is a German newspaper.

The taz is a daily newspaper. It's circulation is about 54,000 newspapers a day.

The taz is a left-winged newspaper. It started in 1978 in West Berlin as an "alternative" project. Until today it's published by a co-operative.


Benrath

Benrath is a part of Düsseldorf. It belongs to Düsseldorf since 1929.

The name Benrath came from the "Knights of Benrode". 
Benrath was mentioned for the first time in 1222.
The first church of Benrath was built in 1002.
In the 14th century Benrode belonged to the Counts of Berg.
Benrath was a village.

In the time of Industrial Revolution Benrath lied next to an important railway connection.
Benrath grew very fast in that time.

In 1929 Benrath became a part of Düsseldorf.

Benrath is in the South of Düsseldorf. It has an area of 5.90 km² and 15,900 inhabitants.
There is a railway station in Benrath (Benrath Railway Station). Until the 1980s, some long distance trains stopped in Benrath.
It is still a regional station.

In the German language the Benrath line is the border line between the Northern German and the Southern German idiom.

The Benrath Castle is one of the largest castles from baroque time in Germany. 
In the castle there is a museum.
The park of the castle is very famous, too.

Franklin, Wisconsin

Franklin, Wisconsin can be one of six places:


Wallaby

Wallabies are marsupials from the islands of Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand and New Guinea. They are small- to medium-sized kangaroos. There are 30 different species of wallabies that live in many types of habitats, including rocky areas, grasslands, forests and swamps.

Wallabies range in size from the size of a rabbit to almost 6 ft (1.8 m) long. The soft, woolly fur can be gray, brown, red or almost black. The belly is lighter. Females (called fliers) have a pouch in which the young live and drink milk. Males (called boomers) are larger than females. Babies are called joeys. They have short arms with clawed fingers, strong, legs, and long, four-toed feet with claws. They can hop and jump with their powerful 

These herbivores (plant-eaters) eat grass, leaves, and roots. They swallow their food without chewing it and later regurgitate a cud and chew it. They need very little water; they can go for months without drinking, and they dig their own water wells.

Suphan Buri province

Suphanburi was an ancient province. Researchers found evidence that is over 2500 years old. Artifacts have been found from the Stone Age, Iron Age and successive cultures including the Suwannapoom period, Funan, Aummarawadee and Sriwichai.
The old name of Suphanburi was Tarawadeesrisuphannapoom or Phan tumaburi, on a bank of Ta Jeen River. In the Ayuttaya period it was a capital city. Suphanburi was an outpost city and an important granary.

In the present, Suphanburi is in central Thailand. It’s 108 kilometres away from Bangkok. Its administration is divided into 10 Aumper, 110 communes (tambon), and 997 villages that are.


In Suphanburi has many more things to visit than this.

Sukhothai

Sukhothai is a town in the lower portion of northern Thailand. It is about 440 km from Bangkok. There are about 6,596.092 km² of the area.

The general weather of Sukhothai follows the influence of the southwest monsoon and the northeast monsoon. Seasons are separated into 3 seasons: summer, rainy and winter.
The average temperature is about 27.6 degree Celsius; the average high is 33.0 degree Celsius; and the average low temperature is 22.2 degree Celsius. The average quantity of rain water is about 1,208.88 millimeters.

American Hockey League

The American Hockey League or AHL, is a professional ice hockey league based in the United States and Canada. It is considered the farm league of the National Hockey League. The major championship in the AHL that the two winning teams of their conferences play for is the Calder Cup. The oldest current team in the AHL is the Hershey Bears which began play in 1938.


Beat Crusaders

Beat Crusaders were a Japanese rock band. They were known for wearing masks in public. They did not wear their masks during concerts. There were 5 members in this band. The members were Hidaka Touru (vocals and guitar), Kubota Masahiko (bass), Katou Tarou (guitar), Mashi-ta (drums), and Keitaimo (keyboards). The band started in 1997. Almost all of their songs were written in English. Their music genre is said to be melodic hard core, digital rock, and power pop. 

The members of the band wear masks because they were once working as office workers and they could not show their faces. After they became well known, they decided to keep wearing their masks. The masks became a trademark for the band. 

Sound Horizon

Sound Horizon is a Japanese musical group. They released their first major album in 2004 with "Elysion ~Rakuen e no Zensōkyoku~". This album started as the number 14 most popular in Japan. They call themselves a "fantasy band". The band members change according to the song. The composer, Revo is the only person who always participates in the band.

John Vane (bushranger)

Early Life

John Vane was an Australian bushranger who became a member of Ben Hall's gang. He was one of the few members of the gang to die of old age, and not to be killed.

Vane was born at Jerry Plains near Singleton, New South Wales on 28 June 1842. His grandparents had come to Australia as convicts but his father and mother were seen as respectable and wealthy. They lived at Kelso, near Bathurst before moving to Jerry Plains in about 1841. When John was about six years old the family moved back to Kelso and then onto Teasdale Park (Carcoar), near Hobbys Yards. Teasdale Park was owned by George Chesher (Cheshire) who would become Vane's father-in-law. The Vane family moved to Kempfield, near the Abercrombie caves where they stayed for a number of years. John worked as a shepherd and the money he was paid helped his father buy land, probably their Wattle Grove home.

1850 John Vane and his brother William (Billy) went to work at James Hanrahan's Wentworth Gully Station near the Weddin Mountains. It is not known if all the family went or just the two boys. Billy taught John to ride horses while at Hanrahan's. They stayed there for about a year and returned to the Kempfield district.

John was 14 years when sent to Bathurst, apprenticed to a blacksmith and wheelwright named McDonald. He then went on to the Turon goldfields where he saved a some money before it was stolen from him. He then drove a bullock team between Orange and Lambing Flat (Young).

He was described in 1863 as being about six feet tall, with dark hair and a ruddy complexion. He worked as a stockman, looking after cattle and was said to be an excellent horse rider.

On Christmas Eve of 1862 John Vane, Billy Vane, George Chesher Jnr, James Burke and John McKellar were at Boyce's public house at Long Swamp near Trunkey Creek. Warrants were issued for the five youth for robbery of the publican. John Vane hid in the bush and eluded capture until his surrender later that year. The others were captured by police but were released as there was not enough evidence to take them to court [1863 New South Wales Police Gazette].

John Vane and his good mate Micky Burke had built a reputation for providing locals with stolen beef and horses. In July 1863 members of the Ben Hall gang were seeking fresh horses and new places to rob. John Gilbert and John O'Meally came to the Carcoar district and sent out word that they needed Vane's local knowledge and skills. The pair met with Vane at his camp at Millpost Creek and laid plans for an attack on the Carcoar bank. On 30 July 1863 that plan was put into action. Vane had provided information and support for the raid, though he did not participate. Gilbert and O'Meally rode into town and performed the first daylight bank robbery in Australia. Vane joined the gang and soon after so did his mate Micky Burke.

Ben Hall joined the other members of the gang and they began stealing around the district. They bailed up store owners and gold buyers. They held the town of Canowindra and all its people prisoner for three days. They tied the pursuing police troopers to trees and took their uniforms and weapons. They raided the large town of Bathurst and which sent the colonial government into turmoil.

The excitiment and adventure came to a tragic end when on the afternoon of 24 October 1863, the gang went to the home of Gold Commissioner Henry Keightley at Dunn's Plains, near Rockley. At the house were Mrs. Keightley, house staff and Dr. Pechey. During the gun battle Vane's mate Micky Burke was shot in the stomach, and through fear of being caught by police decided to shoot himself. There is still debate today around who actually shot Burke. Vane was enraged and wanted to kill Keightley in revenge. It was decided though that the ransom Keightley would receive for killing Burke (₤500)should be sought by the gang. Keightley's wife and Dr Pechey rode to Bathurst that night to get the money from Mrs Keightley's father, Henry Rotton. Pechey and Rotton returned the next morning and the money was handed to Gilbert. Keightley was immediately released. The story of the ride was later turned into a stage play. Many people say that John Vane is a handsome, old, lad but hated him dearly.

In November 1863 a priest, Father Tim M'Carthy met Vane by chance in the bush. He later met the bushranger's mother. They talked Vane into giving himself up. It is said that John, cried and cried. His Father and mother knew how he felt! They gave him some food and money and told him sternly that a life as a bushranger was not good. He eventually decided that there was no point continuing to hide, so he walked off with shredded pants and shirt. He went with the priest to Nathaniel Connolly's home, who supplied them with a letter to secure Vane's passage to Bathurst courthouse. Vane was sentenced to 15 years at Darlinghurst and released after six for good behavior.

He drove the mail coach between Carcoar and Mt Donald until retiring. Vane continued to be in trouble with the police. In 1880 the newspapers reported that John Vane, ex-bushranger, was in court at Bathurst, for stealing 431 sheep. A friend, Terence M'Cann who had helped steal the sheep, was the main witness. John Vane's brother-in-law, Thomas Parker, tried to stop M'Cann from giving evidence. He was put in gaol for 12 months.

John Vane died of Ileocolitis in the hospital at Cowra, New South Wales on January 30, 1906.

John was a known bushranger in the 1800's because of all the big and small things he stole. He was also a help to the police in controlling, pubs, roads and the like. Although it wasn't his intention he inadvertently made these places better today! 
He made gold diggers and people around the gold fields more aware of robbers and bushranger.


Guns and Roses -- Ik Junoon

Guns and Roses - Ik Junoon () is a Pakistani movie which was released in 1999, and it starred Shaan, Resham, Meera and Faisal Rehman. Faisal Rehman made a comeback with this movie, after taking a sabbatical from the movie industry which spanned over a decade. The music was composed by M Arshad.

The movie is mainly known for its soundtrack which included hits like Jeena Hai Jeena Tau Hai, Khat, and Qeher. Tanvir Fatima Rehman produced the movie.

Inteha (1999 movie)

Inteha () is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It was released in 1999 across theaters in Pakistan. The movie was Samina Peerzada's debut directorial attempt, and established the careers of its two leading men Humayun Saeed and Zeeshan Sikander. Incidentally, both the actors also made their debut with Inteha.

Mujhe Jeene Do (1999 movie)

Mujhe Jeene Do is a 1999 Urdu movie. It is directed by Javed Sheikh. The movie stars Meera, Babar Ali, Sana and Javed Sheikh. The music is by Amjad Bobby.

Cloud computing

Cloud computing is when computing services are provided by a company or place outside of where they are being used. It is like the way in which electricity is sent to users: they simply use the electricity that is sent to them and do not need to worry where the electricity is from or how it is made and brought to them. Every month, they pay only for what they use and nothing more. The idea behind cloud computing is similar: The user can simply use storage, computing power, or development environments, without having to worry how they work behind the scenes.

The cloud is a metaphor for the Internet based on how it is described in computer network diagrams. Just as how in the real world, clouds hide parts of the sky from sight, the "cloud" in computing hides the complex infrastructure that makes the Internet work. It is a type of computing in which IT-related actions are provided “as a service”, allowing users to access these services through the Internet ("in the "cloud""). They do not have to know or control the technologies behind them, preventing them from running into ethical and legal problems.

According to the IEEE, cloud computing is a concept where information is placed on servers and sent over the Internet to other devices, such as computers, laptops, handhelds, and sensors. It includes the idea of having software as a service (SaaS), such as Web 2.0, that depend on the Internet to meet the needs of their users. For example, Google has made several office suite apps which are accessed from a web browser. Unlike other software that does the same tasks, including Microsoft Office, the software and data are stored on Google's servers, not on the machine in which they are used.

Cloud computing is often confused with other ideas:

Cloud computing often uses grid computing, has autonomic characteristics and is billed like utilities, but cloud computing can be seen as a "natural next step" from the "grid-utility model". Some successful cloud architectures have little or no centralised infrastructure or billing systems including peer-to-peer networks like BitTorrent and Skype.

The majority of cloud computing infrastructure currently consists of reliable services delivered through data centers that are built on computer and storage virtualization technologies. The services are accessible anywhere in the world, with "The Cloud" appearing as a single point of access for all the computing needs of consumers. Commercial offerings need to meet the quality of service requirements of customers and typically offer service level agreements. Open standards and open source software are also critical to the growth of cloud computing.

As customers generally do not own the infrastructure or know all details about it, mainly they are accessing or renting, so they can consume resources as a service, and may be paying for what they do not need, instead of what they actually do need to use. Many cloud computing providers use the utility computing model which is analogous to how traditional public utilities like electricity are consumed, while others are billed on a subscription basis. By sharing consumable and ""intangible"" computing power between multiple ""tenants"", utilization rates can be improved (as servers are not left idle) which can reduce costs significantly while increasing the speed of application development.

A side effect of this approach is that "computer capacity rises dramatically" as customers do not have to engineer for peak loads. Adoption has been enabled by "increased high-speed bandwidth" which makes it possible to receive the same response times from centralized infrastructure at other sites.

Cloud computing is being driven by providers including Google, Amazon.com, and Yahoo! as well as traditional vendors including IBM, Intel, Microsoft, HP and SAP. It can adopted by all kinds of users, be they individuals or large enterprises. Most internet users are currently using cloud services, even if they do not realize it. Webmail for example is a cloud service, as are Facebook and Wikipedia and contact list synchronization and online data backups.

"The Cloud" is a metaphor for the Internet, or more generally components and services which are managed by others.

The underlying concept dates back to 1960 when John McCarthy expressed his opinion that "computation may someday be organized as a public utility" and the term "Cloud" was already in commercial use in the early 1990s to refer to large ATM networks. By the turn of the 21st century, cloud computing solutions had started to appear on the market, though most of the focus at this time was on Software as a service.

Amazon.com played a key role in the development of cloud computing when upgrading their data centers after the dot-com bubble and providing access to their systems by way of Amazon Web Services in 2002 on a utility computing basis. They found the new cloud architecture resulted in significant internal efficiency improvements

2007 observed increased activity, including Google, IBM and a number of universities starting large scale "cloud computing" research project, around the time the term started gaining popularity in the mainstream press. It was a hot topic by mid-2008 and numerous cloud computing events had been scheduled.

In August 2008 Gartner observed that "organizations are switching from company-owned hardware and software assets to per-use service-based models" and that the "projected shift to cloud computing will result in dramatic growth in IT products in some areas and in significant reductions in other areas".

"Clouds" cross many country borders and "may be the ultimate form of globalisation". As such it is the subject of complex geopolitical issues, whereby providers must satisfy many legal restrictions in order to deliver service to a global market. This dates back to the early days of the Internet, where libertarian thinkers felt that "cyberspace was a distinct place calling for laws and legal institutions of its own"; author Neal Stephenson envisaged this as a tiny island data haven in his science-fiction classic novel Cryptonomicon.

Although there have been efforts to match the legal environment (such as US-EU Safe Harbor), providers like Amazon Web Services usually deal with international markets (typically the United States and European Union) by deploying local infrastructure and allowing customers to select their countries. However, there are still concerns about security and privacy for individual through various governmental levels, (for example the USA PATRIOT Act and use of national security letters and title II of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Stored Communications Act).

In March 2007, Dell applied to trademark the term '"cloud computing" in the United States. It received a "Notice of Allowance" in July 2008 which was subsequently canceled on August 6, resulting in a formal rejection of the trademark application in less than a week later.

In November 2007, the Free Software Foundation released the Affero General Public License (abbreviated as Affero GPL and AGPL), a version of GPLv3 designed to close a perceived legal loophole associated with Free software designed to be run over a network, particularly software as a service. According to the AGPL license application service providers are required to release any changes they make to an AGPL open source code.

"Cloud architecture" is the systems architecture of the software systems involved in the delivery of "cloud computing" (e.g. hardware, software) as designed by a "cloud architect" who typically works for a "cloud integrator". It typically involves multiple "cloud components" communicating with each other over application programming interfaces (usually web services).

This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces. Complexity is controlled and the resulting systems are more manageable than their monolithic counterparts.

"Cloud architecture" extends to the client where web browsers and/or software applications are used to access "cloud applications".

"Cloud storage architecture" is loosely coupled where metadata operations are centralized enabling the data nodes to scale into the hundreds, each independently delivering data to applications or users.


Cloud computing poses privacy concerns because the service provider can access the data that is in the cloud at any time. It could accidentally or deliberately alter or delete information. Many cloud providers can share information with third parties if necessary for purposes of law and order without a warrant. That is permitted in their privacy policies, which users must agree to before they start using cloud services. Solutions to privacy include policy and legislation as well as end-users' choices for how data is stored.

A "cloud application" influences The Cloud model of software architecture, often eliminating the need to install and run the application on the customer's own computer, thus reducing software maintenance, ongoing operations, and support. For example:

A "cloud client" is computer hardware and/or computer software which relies on The Cloud for application delivery, or which is specifically designed for delivery of cloud services, and which is in either case essentially useless without a Cloud. For example:

"Cloud infrastructure" (e.g. Infrastructure as a service) is the delivery of computer infrastructure (typically a platform virtualization environment) as a service. For example:

A "cloud platform" (e.g. Platform as a service) (the delivery of a computing platform and/or solution stack as a service) facilitates deployment of applications without the cost and complexity of buying and managing the underlying hardware and software layers. For example:

A "cloud service" (e.g. Web Service) is "software system[s] designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network" which may be accessed by other cloud computing components, software (e.g. Software plus services) or end users directly. For example:

"Cloud storage" is the delivery of data storage as a service (including database-like services), often billed on a utility computing basis (e.g. per gigabyte per month). For example:


Traditional storage vendors have recently begun to offer their own flavor of cloud storage, sometimes in conjunction with their existing software products (e.g. Symantec's Online Storage for Backup Exec ). Others focus on providing a new kind of back-end storage optimally designed for delivering cloud storage (EMC's Atmos), categorically known as Cloud Optimized Storage.

A "cloud computing provider" or "cloud computing service provider" owns and operates "cloud computing" systems serve someone else. Usually this needs building and managing new data centers. Some organisations get some of the benefits of cloud computing by becoming "internal" cloud providers and servicing themselves, though they do not benefit from the same economies of scale and still have to engineer for peak loads. The barrier to entry is also significantly higher with capital expenditure required and billing and management creates some overhead. However, significant operational efficiency and quickness advantages can be achieved even by small organizations, and server consolidation and virtualization rollouts are already in progress. Amazon.com was the first such provider, modernising its data centers which, like most computer networks were using as little as 10% of its capacity at any one time just to leave room for occasional spikes. They opened it up to outsiders as Amazon Web Services in 2002 on a utility computing basis.

A user is a consumer of "cloud computing". The privacy of users in cloud computing has become of increasing concern. The rights of users is also an issue, which is being addressed via a community effort to create a bill of rights (currently in draft ).

A vendor sells products and services that facilitate the delivery, adoption and use of "cloud computing". For example:

A "cloud standard" is one of a number of existing (typically lightweight) open standards that have facilitated the growth of cloud computing, including:

Avant-garde music

Avant-garde music, or experimental music, is a type of music that is meant to push the boundaries of "what music is." It started in the 1940s and 1950s after World War II. Some famous avant-garde composers were John Cage, Karlheinz Stockhausen, and Henry Cowell.

This was a song written by John Cage that is 4 minutes and 33 seconds of complete silence. It is meant to make the audience listen to the sounds around them.

This is a song by the popular English rock band The Beatles. It appeared on their album "The Beatles", also known as "The White Album" (released in 1968.) "Revolution 9" is over 8 minutes of random sounds, and someone repeatedly saying "number 9...number 9...number 9...number 9..." It was mostly the work of John Lennon and his wife, Yoko Ono.

This is a song by the American grunge band Pearl Jam. It is the last song on their third album "Vitalogy", released in 1994. It is over seven minutes long. It is made up of conversations between mental patients in asylums, and psychiatrists, with distorted bass guitar and drums laid over them.

Red deer

The red deer ("Cervus elaphus") is one of the largest deer species. The red deer lives in most of Europe, the Caucasus Mountains region, Asia Minor and parts of western and central Asia, in Kashmir as the state animal. They can also be found in the Atlas Mountains region between Algeria and Tunisia in northwestern Africa. They are the only species of deer in Africa. Red deer have been introduced to other areas including Australia, New Zealand and Argentina. In many parts of the world the meat (venison) from red deer is widely used as a food source.

Lisa Gerrard

Lisa Germaine Gerrard (born 12 April 1961) is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to fame as part of the group Dead Can Dance with former music partner Brendan Perry. 

Gerrard received a Golden Globe award and an Academy Award nomination for the score for the 2000 film "Gladiator" on which she teamed up with Hans Zimmer.

Gerrard possesses the vocal range of a contralto, spanning from E3-F5. Her voice has been described as rich, deep, dark, mournful and unique. 

She also has the ability to extend upwards into the dramatic mezzo-soprano range, examples of such would be on the songs "The Host of Seraphim", "Elegy", "Space Weaver", "Come This Way" and "One Perfect Sunrise". Gerrard however performs more predominantly in the dramatic contralto range in her other songs, "Sanvean", "Sacrifice", "Largo" and "Not Yet". 

Gerrard sings many of her songs, such as "Now We Are Free", "Come Tenderness", "Serenity", "The Valley of the Moon", "Tempest", "Pilgrimage of Lost Children", "Coming Home" and "Sanvean" in an idioglossia (an idiosyncratic language) that she has developed since the age of twelve.

Stop sign

The stop sign is a sign that is often placed at crossroads, when a road does not have traffic lights. This sign instructs the drivers to stop when they reach the crossroad and wait for other vehicles to pass. They can only proceed when the road is clear. This sign is one of the most significant and well-known signs of road traffic.

The stop sign is very common in every country. In some countries the stop sign is also written in the local language. For example in Japan, the stop sign is written in Japanese and English. Some decades ago a different symbol was used to indicate the stop sign.

Salwar kameez

Salwar kameez (also spelled shalwar kameez or shalwar qameez) is a traditional dress worn by both women and men in Southern Asia. Salvars or shalvars are loose pajama-like trousers. The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the bottom. The kameez is a long shirt or tunic. The side seams (known as the chaak) are left open below the waist-line, which gives the wearer greater freedom of movement. It is the most common dress for men in Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Zayin

Zayin is the seventh letter of the Hebrew alphabet. It is also spelled zain or zayn or simply zay.

The Phoenician letter gave rise to the Greek zeta (Ζ), Etruscan "z" , Latin Z, and Cyrillic Ze З.

Resh

Resh is the twentieth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Ocimum tenuiflorum

Ocimum tenuiflorum (also known as Ocimum sanctum, Tulsi, Tulasī) is an plant in the family Lamiaceae. It is also called Holy Basil.

Holy Basil, as the name suggest has a holy meaning for people of India, especially towards North and South India. It is usually placed or grown in every household in India and carries religious meanings. In bigger households, the holy basil or tulsi plant is placed in the centre of the house and prayers are offered in the morning time. People usually light an incense stick or agarbatti and pour water on the plant during the prayer.

Allspice

Allspice (also called Jamaica pepper, Kurundu, Myrtle pepper, pimento, allspice berries, or newspice) is a spice which is the dried unripe fruit of the "Pimenta dioica" plant, a tree native to the West Indies, southern Mexico and Central America. The tree "Pimenta dioica" is from the myrtle family (Myrtaceae), and it is very valued for its berries. The allspice was named because the flavor of the berry is like a mixture of cloves, cinnamon, and nutmeg. It is used very much in baking, mostly for making mincemeat and mixed pickling spice. It was discovered first by the early Spanish explorers, who mistook it for a type of pepper.

Allspice is the only spice grown in the Western Hemisphere. But after that, the wild trees were cut down to get the berries and only a few allspice are left. There are many plantations in Mexico and Central America, too. However, the best allspice comes from Jamaica where the weather and soil are best for the berries.

Allspice was used by the Mayans and by other South American Indians when making chocolate. The name "Jamaica" comes from Xamayca. This means ‘land of wood and water’ in the language of the . The Arawaks used allspice to help keep the meat from rotting, or sometimes against their enemies.

The spice was imported to Europe after it was discovered. There were many tries to plant it in the East, but it did not work because the trees could not give a lot of fruit. Even though it had a rich smell and a tasty flavor, allspice never had the same caché in Europe as cinnamon or pepper. The English started taking the spice by ship to England in 1737, but by that time the want for spices had been taken over by other kinds of products such as sugar and coffee. It was still a little popular in England though, where it came to be known as the "English Spice".
In the Napoleonic war of 1812, Russian soldiers put the spice in their boots to keep their feet warm. Because of this, today the pimento oil from the allspice is usually used for the men’s dress.

Dried allspice berries look like large brown peppercorns and their colors are cocoa brown. When the berries are not yet ripe, they are harvested and dried by the sun. They are different in size from between 4 and 7 mm (1/8 - 1/4 in) in diameter and are dark brown. Their skin is very wrinkled, and the outer case has two seeds. Allspice can be eaten ground or whole.

Whole dried allspice can keep without a time limit if they are properly kept in airtight jars. They also must not face the light. It can be ground in a mill or an electric coffee grinder. After it is ground, the spice loses its flavor in a few days.

Peony

The peony or paeony (Paeonia) is the only genus in the flowering plant family Paeoniaceae. They are native to Asia, southern Europe and western North America. It is the national flower of China.

<br>

Liriodendron tulipifera

American tulip tree ("Liriodendron tulipifera"), also called tulip poplar or yellow poplar is a type of tree. It is one of the two species in the genus "Liriodendron". "L. tulipifera" can be found in Eastern North America. The tree can grow to over . It often has no limbs until it reaches 25-30 m (80-100 feet) in height. This makes it a good tree for timber. 

ActionScript

ActionScript is a scripting language similar to JavaScript. It is used for Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex.

An example Hello World program in ActionScript 3.0:

package com.example


Sean Kingston

Kisean Paul Anderson
(born February 3, 1990) better known by his stage name Sean Kingston, is an American-Jamaican singer, songwriter, and rapper. He is best known for his number 1 single "Beautiful Girls", as well as "Fire Burning", "Take You There", and his collaboration with Justin Bieber: "Eenie Meenie". 

On May 29, 2011, Kingston was seriously injured along with a female passenger in a jet ski accident in Miami, Florida.





Galaga

Galaga is a sci-fi arcade game released by Namco in 1981. It is the sequel to "Galaxian". In this game, the player controls a spaceship and shoots enemies coming down in different directions.

The game was published by Chunsoft and developed by Namco.


Funker Vogt

Funker Vogt is a German aggrotech band, formed by Gerrit Thomas and Jens Kästel in 1995. 




Metropolis Records

Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based record label, distributor, and mail-order store specializing in the electro-industrial, synthpop, futurepop, darkwave, and gothic musical genres.

Many of the bands on Metropolis are signed to European labels for their European releases while releasing albums in North America through Metropolis.

Among the artists signed are:

Apoptygma Berzerk

Apoptygma Berzerk is a Norwegian musical group. They have achieved success with a brand of upbeat and danceable synthpop, winning awards and top-10 spots in Germany and Scandinavia. Apoptygma Berzerk (abbreviated to APB or APOP) has toured Europe, North America, South America and Israel with bands such as VNV Nation, Beborn Beton and Unheilig.



VNV Nation

VNV Nation are an electronic music band originally from Wexford and London, now based in Hamburg, that combines elements of trance, synthpop and electronic body music (EBM), into what they call futurepop. Earlier works also include some electro-industrial influences. The members are Ronan Harris and Mark Jackson. 

The "VNV" in the name stands for Victory, not Vengeance, in keeping with the group's motto, ""One should strive to achieve; not sit in bitter regret.""



Synth-pop

Synth-pop is a subgenre of pop music in which the synthesizer is the main musical instrument. An electronic music genre, synthpop is additionally influenced by rock genres such as New Wave music and punk rock, as well as disco music. It is most closely associated with the era between the late 1970s and early to middle 1980s, although it has continued to exist and develop ever since.

Futurepop

Futurepop is a type of electronic dance music which uses influences from the genre synthpop (like song structure and vocal style), uplifting trance (grandiose and arpeggiated synthesizer melodies), and EBM. The name was created by Ronan Harris (of VNV Nation) and Stephan Groth (of Apoptygma Berzerk) while trying to describe the style of music their bands produced.

Blutengel

Blutengel () are a German futurepop musical group with a gothic appearance. Blutengel was formed in 1998 by singer Chris Pohl (also of the groups Terminal Choice, Tumor, and Miss Construction and the owner of the Fear Section label) after he had decided to give up the preceding project, Seelenkrank (which had released two albums), due to contractual problems. The lyrics are written primarily in German and English and are presented with male and female vocals.


Seelenschmerz, Angel Dust, Demon Kiss and Labyrinth come with a hard-box limited edition including a bonus CD and exclusive booklet, sticker and post cards.<br>
Tränenherz also came as a limited edition boxset which included, "Tränenherz" Deluxe Edition Digi 2CD, "Signs of the zodiac" Bonus CD and a 100 pages photo book, 




The Host (novel)

The Host is a 2008 science-fiction/romance book by Stephenie Meyer. A movie based on the book is currently in development. 

Melanie Stryder refuses to fade away. The earth has been invaded by a species that takes over the minds of their human hosts while leaving their bodies intact, and most of humanity has succumbed.

Wanderer, the invading ‘soul’ who has been given Melanie’s body, knew about the challenges of living inside a human: the overwhelming emotions, the too-vivid memories. But there was one difficulty Wanderer didn’t expect: the former tenant of her body refusing to relinquish possession of her mind.

Melanie fills Wanderer’s thoughts with visions of the man Melanie loves – Jared, a human who still lives in hiding. Unable to separate herself from her body’s desires, Wanderer yearns for a man she’s never met. As outside forces make Wanderer and Melanie unwilling allies, they set off to search for the man they both love.

The characters in the book include:

Polly Adler

Pearl "Polly" Adler (April 16, 1900 July 11, 1962) was a Russian-born madam (owner-manager of a brothel) of Jewish descent. Adler was born in Ivanava (nowadays Belarus).

She opened her first bordello in 1920, under the protection of mobster Dutch Schultz and a friend of mobster Charles "Lucky" Luciano. One building she used was "The Majestic" at 215 West 75th Street, designed by architects Schwartz and Gross and completed in 1924 with hidden stairways and secret doorways. Her brothel there boasted such patrons as Robert Benchley, New York City mayor Jimmy Walker, and Dutch Schultz. 

"A House is Not a Home" was a 1953 book of Polly Adler's life that was ghosted (written anonymously) by Virginia Faulkner. The 1989 "Perry Mason" TV-movie "Musical Murder" revolved around a faux-musical based on Adler.

Kitty Hawk

Kitty Hawk or Kittyhawk may refer to:





Morse code

Morse code is an old system of encoding messages that is used to send telegraphic information using signals and rhythm. In written communication, Morse code uses "dots" and "dashes" to represent a limited number of alphabet letters, numbers, punctuation and special characters of a given message. When messages are sent by sound, radio signals or light flashes, dots are short beeps or clicks or flashes, and dashes are longer ones. For example, Wikipedia written in Morse code is .-- .. -.- .. .--. . -.. .. .-

Morse code is named after Samuel Morse, who helped invent it. It is not used as much today as it was in the 19th and 20th centuries. Teletypewriters were invented in the early 20th century with their own codes and gradually replaced Morse code. Other types of technology that are easier to use for communication became even more common. 

Some amateur radio operators still use Morse code to communicate and were previously required to learn and pass telegraphy exams to qualify their licenses. The requirements were lifted after 2003. 

There are different types of Morse code for some different countries. 

There are three different symbols in Morse code; there's a short one, usually called 'dit', a long one, called 'dah', and the pause. A dah is three times as long as a dit, and the pause has the same length as the dit.

Today, Morse codes can be easily generated through smartphone applications or through a web application, which take text as input and outputs the Morse code in copyable text or downloadable audio form. Its usage as a method of sending secret messages has become obsolete in favor of more powerful encryption techniques provided by advanced modern computer machines.

Morse code can be sent in different ways. On ships, flickering lights were often used instead of radio communication.

The S.O.S as it is used today, was introduced by the Imperial German Marine in 1904. It was mandatory for all German ships starting in 1905. It was meant as a distress signal, and should be repeated until all other stations stopped sending. Afterwards the real message would be sent. Also, there is no pause between the characters. 

At the time, the market was controlled by two companies; one was Telefunken, and the other was Marconi. Marconi was under British control, Telefunken was German. Marconi used CQD as a distress signal. 

The people doing the communication were employees of either Marconi or Telefunken; they were not employed by the ships' owners. These operators were not allowed to answer calls sent by the competing company, which also included distress signals. As this was against the laws of the sea, a conference in Berlin decided to use the German distress signal internationally. This started in 1908. When the ship Republic sent a distress signal in 1909, it was still CQD, and the Titanic also sent CQD at first, in 1912. 

The first ship to use the new signal was the RMS Slavonia, in 1909.

The Global Maritime Distress and Safety System (GMDSS) is a satellite-based system that was introduced in 1999 to handle distress situations. It defines four different regions, three of which are covered by satellite. The fourth, which covers the polar regions, is covered by shortwave radio. With the introduction of GMDSS, the S.O.S signal is no longer used.

Chives

Chives are herbs which are related to the onion. Its leaves are used for flavoring.


Premier of New South Wales

The Premier of New South Wales is the leader of the New South Wales government. He or she is the most powerful politician in the Australian state of New South Wales.

The current Premier is Chris Minns from the Labor.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Askin's given name was Robin but he changed it legally to Robert in 1971, prior to being knighted in 1972. Before then, he was generally known as Bob.

Excitebike

In 2011, a re-release of "Excitebike" called "3D Classics: Excitebike" was released for the Nintendo 3DS. It is a 3D version of the original game.


Morris Iemma

Morris Iemma (born 21 July 1961) was the 40th Premier of New South Wales from 3 August 2005 to 5 September 2008. He was from the Labor Party.

Lukáčovce

Lukáčovce is a village and in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia.

Houbara bustard

The houbara bustard ("Chlamydotis undulata"), also known as the African houbara, is a large bird in the bustard family. It breeds in the Canary Islands, North Africa, Iran and western Pakistan. 

Sindh ibex

The Sindh Ibex or Turkman Wild Goat (Capra aegagrus blythi) is a vulnerable wild goat native to Iran, Iraq, Turkmenistan Pakistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of Sindh.

Juniperus squamata

Juniperus squamata (flaky juniper or Himalayan juniper) is a species of juniper native to the Himalaya and China, from northeastern Afghanistan and Pakistan east to Yunnan in southwestern China, and with disjunct populations north to western Gansu and east to Fujian. 

It grows at 1,600-4,900 m altitude. It is the provincial tree of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (unofficial).

Rose-ringed parakeet

The rose-ringed parakeet ("Psittacula krameri") also known as the ring-necked parakeet, is a tropical species of bird, with a wide range in Africa and south Asia (the Indian subcontinent).

The rose-ringed parakeet is sexually dimorphic. The adult male has a red or black neck ring and the hen and immature birds of both sexes show little or no neck rings. Both sexes have a distinctive green colour. 

Rose-ringed parakeets measure on average in length, including the tail feathers, a large portion of their total length. Their average single-wing length is about . In the wild, this is a noisy species with an unmistakable squawk. Captive birds can be taught to speak. It is herbivorous and not migratory.

Saludos Amigos

Saludos Amigos is a 1942 movie that takes place in Latin America, produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The sixth animated feature in the Disney animated features canon, it is made up of four different segments; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one. It also features the first appearance of José Carioca. "Saludos Amigos" was popular enough for a sequel, "The Three Caballeros", to be produced two years later. The movie premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24, 1942. It was released in the United States on February 6, 1943. It got mixed reviews and was only rereleased once, in 1949, when it was shown on a double bill with the first rerelease of "Dumbo".

Its title in Spanish means, "Hello, Friends". This was the first Disney animated feature to be shown in South America before it was shown in the USA. At 42 minutes, this is the shortest Disney feature to date.

The movie features four different parts, or segments. Each of them begin with different clips of the Disney artists roaming the country drawing cartoons of some of the local cultures and scenery:








Ghar Kab Aao Gay

Ghar Kab Ao Gey is a Pakistani Urdu language movie directed by Iqbal Kashmiri. It was released in theaters across Pakistan in Eid-ul-Fittar on January 9, 2000.

Tere Pyar Mein

Tere Pyar Mein (, "In Your Love") is a Pakistani movie which was released in December 2000. It launched the career of Zara Sheikh in Lollywood.

Electronic body music

Electronic body music (EBM, also known as aggropop) is a music genre that mixes together parts of industrial music and electronic dance music. It first became popular in Belgium.

The Birthday Massacre

The Birthday Massacre is a synthpop band, based in Toronto, Canada. The band was officially formed in 1999, known at that time as Imagica, a name taken from a novel by Clive Barker called Imajica. In 2001 they changed their name to The Birthday Massacre. They have released 5 studio albums and they announced in January 2013 that they are working on a 6th album. In 2013 they did a tour with Emilie Autumn. In 2014 The Birthday Massacre will release their sixth album.

In 2002 The Birthday Massacre released their first album, "Nothing and Nowhere". In 2005 "Violet" was released. "Walking with Strangers" was released in 2007. During the spring and summer of 2009, the band went on tour with bands I Am Ghost and Dommin in North America and Europe.





Clive Barker

Clive Barker (born 5 October 1952) is an English author, movie director and visual artist. He was born in Liverpool. He is openly gay.

Hellraiser

Hellraiser is a 1987 British horror movie exploring the themes of sadomasochism, pain as a source of pleasure, and morality under duress and fear. It is based on the novella "The Hellbound Heart" by Clive Barker, who also wrote the screenplay and directed the movie.

"Hellraiser" was number 19 on the cable channel Bravo's list of the "100 Scariest Movie Moments".

This movie had a sequel, "".

Sesame

Sesame ("Sesamum indicum") is a flowering plant in the genus "Sesamum". It grows to a height of 2-3 feet.

Pedaliaceae

Pedaliaceae (pedalium family or sesame family) is a flowering plant in the Scrophulariales family.

Sesame, "Sesamum indicum", is the source of sesame seeds.

Komodo dragon

The Komodo dragon ("Varanus komodoensis") is a species of monitor lizard. They live in the Indonesian islands of Komodo, Rincah, Flores, Gili Motang, and Gili Dasami. 

It is the largest living lizard. They grow to a length of 2–3 meters (about 6.5–10 ft) and weigh around 70 kg (154 pounds). Komodo dragon bites can be very dangerous, and they sometimes attack people.

Western scientists first saw Komodo dragons in 1910. They are very popular animals in zoos because they are big and look scary. The lizards are in some danger. There are very few Komodo dragons still alive on their home islands. Indonesian law does not allow hunting these lizards. Komodo National Park was made to help protect Komodo dragons.

The Komodo dragon has other names. Some scientists called it the Komodo monitor or the Komodo Island monitor. But, this is not usual. The people who live in Komodo Island call them "ora", "buaja durat" (land crocodile) or "biawak raksasa" (giant monitor).

The Komodo dragon is cold-blooded. Its tail is as long as its body. It has about 60 sharp teeth that can grow up to 2.5 centimeters (1 inch) long. It also has a long, yellow, forked tongue. Its skin can be blue, orange, green, gray, or brown. Its saliva is red because its gums almost completely cover its teeth. When they eat, their teeth cut their gums and make them bleed. This makes a good environment for dangerous bacteria that live in its mouth.

These lizards are the top predators in the places where they live because they are so big.
People used to think they were very big because there are no other large, meat-eating animals on the islands where they live. Therefore, they did not have to compete with other similar animals for the same food and places to live. People also thought they were big because of their low metabolic rate.

However, facts are different. The fossil record shows that the Komodo is the last of a group of lizards called varanids. These lizards have been about the same size for nearly a million years. They came from Australia nearly four million years ago, and spread to much of Indonesia. Their size has nothing to do with being on a relatively small island.

Most of them died out after contact with the modern humans.

The Komodo dragon's earholes are easy to see, but Komodo dragons are not very good at hearing. They are able to see as far away as 300 meters (985 feet). But, they probably have poor night vision. The Komodo dragon is able to see in color, but has trouble seeing objects that do not move.

The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to taste and smell like many other reptiles. They have a special part of the body called the Jacobson's organ for smelling. With the help of a good wind, they can smell dead animals from 4–9.5 kilometres (2.5–6 mi) away. The Komodo dragon's nostrils are not very useful for smelling, because it does not have a diaphragm. It only has a few taste buds in the back of its throat. Its scales have special connections to nerves that give the lizard a sense of touch. The scales around its ears, lips, chin, and bottoms of the feet may have three or more of these connections.

Komodo dragons have dangerous bacteria in their saliva. Scientists have identified 57 of them. One of the most dangerous bacteria in Komodo dragon saliva appears to be a kind of "Pasteurella multocida". These bacteria cause disease in their victim's blood. If a bite does not kill an animal and it escapes, it will usually die within a week from infection. The Komodo dragon seems to never get sick from its own bacteria. So, researchers have been looking for the lizard's antibacterial. This may be used as medicine for humans.

In addition to the deadly bacteria, the Komodo dragon has venom glands in its lower jaws. This poison is as strong as the venomous taipan snake's. The venom is a blood thinner. It can cause death by heart failure and massive internal bleeding in as little as 30 minutes.

Mating begins between May and August, and the eggs are laid in September. Dragons leave about twenty eggs in empty nests made by birds called megapodes. The eggs develop for seven to eight months. The eggs open and the baby lizards come out in April, when there are many insects to eat. Young Komodo dragons live in trees, where they are safe from adult Komodo dragons and other animals that might eat them. They grow to become adults in around three to five years. They can live as long as fifty years. Female Komodo dragons can have babies without fertilisation (parthenogenesis).

The Komodo dragon likes hot and dry places and lives in dry open grassland, savanna, and tropical forest on lower land. It is most active in the day because it is cold-blooded, but it is sometimes active at night. Komodo dragons live alone. They come together only to breed and eat. They can run up to 20 kilometers per hour (12.4 mph), dive up to 4.5 metres (15 ft) at top speed for short periods of time. When they are young, they climb trees with their strong claws. As the Komodo dragon grows bigger, its claws are used mostly as weapons, because it is too big to climb trees well.

The Komodo dragon digs holes for protection with its powerful legs and claws. These holes can be from 1–3 metres (3–10 ft) wide. Because it is very big and sleeps in holes, it is able to keep itself warm through the night. The Komodo dragon usually hunts in the afternoon, but stays in the shade during the hottest part of the day. Komodo dragons have special resting places on ridges that catch cool sea breezes.

Komodo dragons are carnivores, which means that they eat meat. Mostly this is dead animals. They also catch live animals as prey. When prey goes by, the Komodo dragon charges at the animal and bites or claws the belly or the throat. To catch animals that are up high and out of reach, the Komodo dragon may stand on its back legs and use its tail as a support.

Komodo dragons do not chew their food. They eat by biting and pulling off large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole. They can swallow smaller prey, up to the size of a goat, whole. This is because they have flexible jaws and skulls, and their stomachs can expand. Komodo dragons make much saliva to help the food move easily, but swallowing still takes a long time (15–20 minutes to swallow a goat). Komodo dragons may try to swallow faster by running and pushing the dead animal in its mouth very hard against a tree. Sometimes a lizard hits the tree so hard that it gets knocked out. Dragons breathe using a small tube under the tongue that connects to the lungs. This allows it to continue breathing even while swallowing large things. Komodo dragons can eat up to 80 percent of its body weight in one meal. After swallowing its food, it drags itself to a sunny place to speed up digestion so the food does not rot and poison the dragon. Large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year. After digestion, the Komodo dragon vomits the horns, hair, and teeth of the animal it ate. This vomit is covered in a smelly mucus. After vomiting, it rubs its face in the dirt or on bushes to get rid of the mucus. This suggests that komodo dragons dislike the smell, just like humans do.

The largest animals usually eat first, while the smaller ones eat later. Dragons of equal size may wrestle each other. Losers usually run away, although sometimes they are chased and eaten by the winners.

The Komodo dragon's diet includes invertebrates, other reptiles (including smaller Komodo dragons), birds, bird eggs, small mammals, monkeys, wild boars, goats, deer, horses, and water buffalo. Young Komodo dragons may eat insects, eggs, geckoes, and small mammals. Komodo dragons may eat people and, they can even dig up bodies from their graves to eat them. Therefore, people on Komodo Island moved their graves from sandy to clay ground and piled rocks on top to stop the lizards from digging up dead bodies.

Because the Komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm, it cannot suck water when drinking. It cannot lap water with its tongue either. Instead, it drinks by taking a mouthful of water, lifting its head, and letting the water run down its throat.

Recent fossils from Queensland suggest that the Komodo dragon evolved in Australia before spreading to Indonesia. Its body size stayed the same on Flores since the islands were isolated by rising sea levels about 900,000 years ago. The sea level dropped very low during the last ice age and uncovered wide areas of continental shelf. The Komodo dragon spread into these areas. They became isolated on the islands where they live today when sea levels rose again. They moved into what is now the Indonesian island group. They spread as far east as the island of Timor. 
Komodo dragons have been popular in zoos for a long time. However, there are few of them in zoos because they may become sick and do not have babies easily. As of May 2009, there are 13 European, 2 African, 35 North American, 1 Singaporean, and 2 Australian institutions that keep Komodo dragons.

A Komodo dragon was shown in a zoo for the first time in 1934 at the Smithsonian National Zoological Park. But, it lived for only two years. People continued to try to keep Komodo dragons in zoos, but the lives of these creatures was very short. The average life of a dragon in a zoo was five years in the National Zoological Park. Walter Auffenberg studied the dragons in zoos and eventually helped zoos to keep dragons more successfully.

Many dragons in zoos may become tamer than wild lizards after a short period of time in a zoo. Many zoo keepers have brought the animals out of their cages to meet visitors without any problems. Dragons can also recognize individual humans. However, even dragons that seem tame may surprise people and become aggressive. This can often happen when a stranger enters the animal's home.

Research with captive Komodo dragons shows that they play. One dragon would push a shovel and seemed attracted to the sound of it moving across rocks. A young female dragon at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. grabbed and shook things like statues, drink cans, plastic rings, and blankets. She would also put her head in boxes, shoes, and other objects. She did not make a mistake and think these objects were food. She would only swallow them if they were covered in rat blood.

Komodo dragons do not attack humans very often. However, they do sometimes hurt or kill people.

In June 2001, a Komodo dragon seriously hurt Phil Bronstein—executive editor of the "San Francisco Chronicle". Bronstein had entered the dragon's cage at the Los Angeles Zoo after being invited in by its keeper. The zoo keeper had told him to take off his white shoes, which could have excited the Komodo dragon. Bronstein was bitten on his bare foot. Although he escaped, he needed surgery to repair his foot.

On June 4, 2007, a Komodo dragon attacked an eight-year-old boy on Komodo Island. The boy later died because he lost too much blood. This was the first time that people know a dragon had killed a human in 33 years. Local people blamed the attack on environmentalists. People from outside the island had stopped local people from killing goats and leaving them for the dragons. The Komodo dragons no longer found the food they needed, so they came into places where humans lived looking for food. Many natives of Komodo Island believe that Komodo dragons are actually the reincarnation of relatives.

On March 24, 2009, two Komodo dragons attacked and killed fisherman Muhamad Anwar on Komodo Island. They attacked Anwar after he fell out of a sugar-apple tree. He was bleeding badly from bites on his hands, body, legs, and neck. He was taken to a clinic on the nearby island of Flores, but doctors said he was dead when he arrived.

There are very few Komodo dragons. They may not survive. The lizards are on the IUCN Red List of animals in danger. Not many Komodo dragons still live on some of their home islands.

However, there may now be only 352 females having babies in the wild. The Komodo National Park was founded in 1980 to protect the Komodo dragon on its home islands.

Many things have reduced the number of dragons, including: volcanoes, earthquakes, loss of good places to live, fire, not enough animals to eat, tourism, and illegal hunting.

Buying or selling Komodo dragons or their skins is illegal as part of an international law called CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species).



Organized crime

Organized crime is an act committed by a group or groups of people, usually mobsters and other criminals, who work to make money or achieve certain motive illegally.


The Singles 1992–2003

The Singles 1992-2003 is a greatest hits album by the American alternative rock band No Doubt. It was released on November 25, 2003 (the same day as "Boom Box", a box set album by No Doubt.) The album contained all of the singles the band had released at the time, except for "Squeal" and "Doghouse" (two singles from their album "The Beacon Street Collection" that never became popular.) However, it also included two songs that were not singles: "Trapped in a Box" from their first album "No Doubt", and a cover version of the song "It's My Life" by Talk Talk.


Nathan Kress

Nathan Karl Kress also Nate Kress (born November 18, 1992) is an American teen actor and voice actor.

Nathan Kress was born in Glendale, California and resides in Southern California. He acts on the hit Nickelodeon show "iCarly as Freddie Benson."

When Kress was young, he would quote lines and monologues from television and perform for his family and friends. He began modeling, acting and voiceover work at 3 years old. At age 6, he took a break from acting, and at about age 10, asked his mom to begin homeschooling him so that he could pursue acting again. He voiced the role of Eizan Kaburagi from Nickelodeon's animated series, Shuriken School. He has also guest starred in The Suite Life of Zack and Cody as Jamie. Kress has enjoyed playing dramatic roles in "House", "Standoff", and "Without a Trace".

In early 2007, Nathan performed in a short film, "Bag", for which he won a Jury Honorable Mention Award at the 168 Hour Film Festival for the role of Albert. "Bag" also won the Festival award for Best Comedy.

On "iCarly", Nathan's role is that of Freddie Benson, the technical producer for Carly's webshow, iCarly. Freddie is a computer whiz kid who has a crush on Carly (Miranda Cosgrove) and an ongoing feud with Sam (Jennette McCurdy). "It's weird," says Kress, "I have to pretend to love Carly and kiss Sam when actually we are just all really good friends." He co-stars with Miranda Cosgrove, Jennette McCurdy, and Jerry Trainor on iCarly.


Monster truck

A monster truck is a vehicle usually styled after a pickup truck. It is changed or purposely built with very big wheels and suspension. Monster trucks are used for competition and popular entertainment.

Usually, a monster truck show involves the truck crushing smaller cars under its huge tires.

Harlem Globetrotters

The Harlem Globetrotters are an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism and comedy. They are a "barnstorming" team, which means they travel around the world playing basketball in many different places. Sometimes they play college or pro teams, but usually they play a team called the Washington Generals.

They were founded in 1925 in Chicago. Almost all their players are African-American, which was unusual at the time of their founding (at that time, most professional basketball players were white). In the 1930s and 1940s, they were one of the best basketball teams in the country, along with the New York Rens, another African-American basketball team. By the 1950s, a lot of black players started playing in the NBA, and the Globetrobbers became a clown team. 

The best-known Globetrotter is Meadowlark Lemon. Wilt Chamberlain played for the Globetrotters for a while. They were placed in the Basketball Hall of Fame as a team in 2001.

Burt Ward

Burt Ward (born Bert John Gervis, Jr., on July 6, 1945) is an American television actor. He is best known for his work as Robin, the "Boy Wonder," in the 1960s television series "Batman". In 1992 he wrote a book called “Burt Ward: My life in tights.”

<br>

Batman (TV series)

Batman is a 1960s American television series, based on the DC comic book character Batman. It aired on the ABC network for two and a half seasons from 1966 to 1968. Even though it was on TV for such a short time, the series had two new episodes each week, giving the show a total of 120 episodes (the equivalent of roughly five regular seasons).

The Big Four Supervillains:


Graduate school

A graduate school (or grad school) is a school that gives advanced academic degrees, such as Master's degrees (M.S. or M.B.A.) and Doctoral degrees (Ph.D. or L.L.D. or D.D.S. etc.). A graduate student (or grad student) is a student who has earned a Bachelor's degree and is pursuing additional education in a specific field, though this is not always the case. In British English, the term "postgraduate student" is more common. 

A graduate school is not always a separate school.

The term "graduate school" could be confusing because the verb "graduate" is also used to mean completing high school education or earning a Bachelor's degree. The verb is used for all those types of schools, but the meaning of the adjective "graduate" is changed to mean "postgraduate" in the term "graduate school". The small change in meaning can be viewed with an air of sophistication, where experienced students are often more aware of the issue, while novice students might not be aware, as being more naive.


SAT Reasoning Test

The SAT Reasoning Test (used to be called Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a test for college admissions in the United States. The SAT is owned, published, and created by the College Board, a non-profit organization in the United States, and was once owned by the Educational Testing Service (ETS). ETS now makes the exam. The SAT is usually taken by high school juniors and seniors.

As of March 5, 2016, the College Board has begun using a new SAT, which has four sections (reading, writing, math without calculator, math with calculator) plus an optional essay. 

The reading section comes first. It is 65 minutes long, and has 52 questions. Unlike on the pre-2016 SAT, there are no vocabulary words or sentences to fill in.

The writing section, which is 35 minutes long and has 44 questions, comes next. It is similar to the old writing section.

The math section is split into two parts: one which lets students use calculators, and one which does not. The no-calculator section comes before the calculator section, and has 20 problems to be finished in 25 minutes. The calculator section has 38 problems to be done in 55 minutes.

Finally, the essay is 50 minutes long, but does not have to be taken by every student. The new essay is based on analyzing a passage, instead of answering a question about life experiences.

Scores on the new SAT range from 400 to 1600, as on the pre-2005 SAT.

On the old SAT made before 2005, the top score was 1600. The two sections were Critical Reading and Mathematics. The scores in each area ranged from 200 to 800, 800 being the best score. The two scores were added together.

From 2005 to 2016, the SAT had questions in three areas: Critical Reading, Mathematics, and Writing. Writing included a new essay section. The scores in each area go from 200 to 800, 800 being the best score. The scores in the three areas are added up, for a score between 600 and 2400. The average score is about 1500 in total. Getting near the highest or lowest scores is rare.

The test had ten sections, with the essay always coming first. There is also a section that is not scored. College Board said:

The sections are mostly 25 minutes long, but the later sections start to get shorter, with fewer questions. The whole test lasted 3 hours and 45 minutes.

The PSAT is also fee-based, and is practice for the real SAT.

The NMSQT is the National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test. It's a qualifying test for the National Merit Scholarship Program.

The SAT Subject Tests were one hour long tests in mathematics, science, history, English, and foreign languages. They were all multiple choice and scores ranged from 200 to 800 points. No subject tests will be held after June 2021.



Lucky Luciano

Charles "Lucky" Luciano (born Salvatore Lucania; November 24, 1897 – January 26, 1962) was a Sicilian mobster. Luciano is considered to have been the father of modern organized crime and the mastermind of the postwar expansion of the international heroin trade. He was the first official boss of the modern Genovese crime family. 

"Time" magazine named Luciano among the top 20 most influential builders and titans of the 20th century.

Genovese crime family

The Genovese crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities in New York City, within the nationwide criminal phenomenon known as the Mafia (or Cosa Nostra). The Genovese crime family has been nicknamed the "Ivy League" and "Rolls Royce" of organized crime.


ACT (test)

The ACT is an achievement test for college admissions in the United States made by ACT, Inc. It was first given in Fall 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board's Scholastic Aptitude Test, now the SAT Reasoning Test. Some students who perform poorly on the SAT find that they perform better on the ACT and vice versa. The ACT test is made of 4 tests: English, Math, Reading, and Science reasoning. In February 2005, an optional writing test was added to the ACT, like changes to the SAT that took place later in March of the same year. All four-year colleges and universities in the U.S. accept the ACT.



Pakistan Declaration

The Pakistan Declaration (titled Now or Never; Are We to Live or Perish Forever?) was a pamphlet published in January 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in which the word Pakistan was used for the first time.

The pamphlet was written when Pakistan was part of British India. The pamphlet asked that "the five Northern units of India" - Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (Afghan Province), Kashmir, Sindh and Baluchistan (or Pakstan) become an independent state and not part of India.

After the pamphlet was published the name of Pakistan became very popular and led to the Pakistan Movement. Fourteen years after the pamphlet was published, in 1947, Pakistan became an independent state.

Pamphlet

A pamphlet is a small book without a hard cover or binding. It can be made up of a single sheet of paper that is printed on both sides and folded in half, in thirds, or in fourths (called a leaflet).

It can also be made up of a few pages that are folded in half and stapled at the crease to make a simple book. In order to count as a pamphlet, UNESCO requires the pamphlet to have 'at least 5 but not more than 48 pages' not including the cover page; a longer item is a book.

Pamphlets can contain anything, such as user instructions information for kitchen appliances, or religious and political ideas. Pamphlets have been important in history, publishing a lot of pamphlets can help spread ideas, for instance during revolutions pamphlets were used to influence people. Pamphlets are also important in advertising as they are cheap to produce and can be distributed easily to customers.

Pattaya

Pattaya (, ) is a city in Thailand. It is on the east coast of the Gulf of Thailand, about 165 km southeast of Bangkok.

In 2016, 65% of the tourists (coming to the city) where foreigners. Of foreigners there were most Chinese, followed by Russians, and then by Koreans, and then by Indians, and then by Germans.

Vernon Chatman

Vernon Chatman (born October 31, 1972) is an Emmy Award winning American television producer, writer, voice actor, comedian and musician. He is best known as the voice of "Towelie" on the cartoon series "South Park".

Yasothon

Yasothon is a town in the Isan region of Thailand. It is far from Bangkok about 500 km. In the village people grow rice and houseplants. The weather is very hot in the summer (more than other provinces) and the famous festival is Bang Fai Rocket Festival. This festival is really beautiful, every year the visitor from all over the country come to visit this festival. The festival features large home-made rockets, fireworks displays, parades and beauty contests. Normally people have created the rockets for launched in to the sky; they believe that the god will send the planting season.

From Yasothon city of nearby province are Mukdahan, Nakhonpanom, Rio Et, Sisakat and Ubom Ratchathani.

Thai food

Thai food is a type of food that was first made in Thailand. Thai food is often spicy, but does not have to be. Thai food is shared with every person at the table. The meal is not thrown away. The Thai believe that throwing food away would anger the "god of rice". Thai food is eaten with a fork and a large spoon.


Lopburi

Lopburi is a province in the center of Thailand. It is good farming land. Lopburi has a long history. It was first called La-vo. Lopburi was settled during the Bronze Age. The Khmer expanded their power in the area during the 10th century and ruled from the town of La-vo.

The administration of Lopburi is divided into 11 districts and 124 sub-districts. The tourist attractions are Narainivech Palace, Narai National Museum, Pralarn shrine (famous for the monkeys that come out of the jungle), Pasakchonlasit dam, Mahatad temple, Lopburi's zoo, Indian pagoda's shrine, Lai temple, Vichayenn's house -it's the place where the royal government welcome the foreign envoys, and Vangkanleung's waterfall.

Volkswagen Golf

Volkswagen Golf is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1974. It entered its 8th generation in 2019.

Capparis decidua

Capparis decidua is commonly known as karir, kair, kirir, karril, Teent etc. It is either a small tree with many branches or a shrub of the Thar desert and other hot and dry regions in southern Asia. It has a lot of thin, leafless branches, the small leaves being found only on young shoots. It rarely grows above a height of 5 meters (15 feet).
These unripe fruits were used as a major dietary food item by the majority of people due to its exceptional nutritional and medicinal properties. 
The berries can be eaten and mixed with sangri (beans from the tree Prosopis cineraria) form a vegetable dish called "Kair sangri" in Rajasthan, India, which is a delicacy to many.khair is also used for preparing pickle and can be stored for long time .
They are highly tolerant to salinity of soil (8 mmhos) .
These plants grow in extremely scarce condition of water ( xerophytes ) like ber .

Pilgrims

The Pilgrims is the name for the early settlers of the Plymouth Colony, which is now Plymouth, Massachusetts. In 1620 they traveled to New England on a ship called the "Mayflower". There were 102 passengers on the ship. They were English Puritans who had left England years earlier to live in Leiden because of religious differences with the Church of England. Unlike other Puritans who wanted to reform the Church of England, they wanted to separate from it, so they were called "Separatists". The original settlers of Plymouth Colony are known as the Pilgrim Fathers, or simply as the Pilgrims.

The Mayflower was a cargo ship and was not meant for passengers. It was uncomfortable and small. Many Pilgrims got sick on the journey or soon after they arrived. One child was born on the Mayflower.

When they arrived in America, they built homes and farms. They received help from the Wampanoag people. The Wampanoag people taught the Pilgrims how to plant corn, hunt, and fish in the new land. They had a big feast for 3 days, which was the first thanksgiving.

Foods commonly eaten by the Pilgrims included bread, grains, corn, venison, turkey, mussels, lobster, eel, and clams.

G major

G major (or the key of G) is a major scale based on G, with the pitches G, A, B, C, D, E, F, and G. Its key signature has one sharp, F.

Its relative minor is E minor, and its parallel minor is G minor.

G major is the most common key for music to be in on the Spotify music streaming service. The key can easily be played on either a piano or a guitar, hence why it appears often in music.

Classic female blues

Classic female blues music was played from 1920 to 1929. The most popular of female blues singers were Ma Rainey, Bessie Smith, Mamie Smith, Ethel Waters and Rosa Henderson. 

Delta blues

The Delta blues is one of the earliest types of blues music. It started in the Mississippi Delta (a place in the US that goes from Memphis to Mississippi). Guitar and harmonica are usually used to play it.

Delta blues music was first played in the 1920s. Tommy Johnson and Ishman Bracey were recorded by Victor in 1928. Robert Wilkins was first recorded by Victor in Memphis in 1928, and Big Joe Williams and Garfield Akers were also recorded in Memphis in 1929 by Brunswick/Vocalion.



Chuck (album)

Chuck is the third album by Sum 41. It was released on October 12, 2004.

Album
Singles

Chuck Acoustic EP (Tour Edition Promo) is an acoustic EP released by Sum 41 in 2005 in Japan only.


Sexual dimorphism

Sexual dimorphism is an idea in biology. It means that the male and the female of a species look different enough to see. The word comes from the Greek: "di" (two) and "morphe" (form).

It is the most common type of polymorphism. It may be caused by sexual selection, that is, competition between members of the same species for partners to reproduce. Sexual dimorphism is inherited, which means the differences between males and females help the animal stay alive in some way.

The things that make the two sexes of a species different are called secondary sex characteristics. They are not directly part of the reproductive system. They are the product of sexual selection for traits which give an animal an advantage. By "advantage" is meant: more likely to stay alive and reproduce. In humans, beards are a secondary sex characteristic. Human beings do not use beards to make babies. A man can even shave off his beard and he will still be able to have children. But men grow beards and women do not, and they are easy to see.

The difference between sexes can include:

The main functions of sexual dimorphism are to improve the individual's chance of mating in various ways:

Some animals show these differences only during mating season. Deer shed their antlers and peacocks shed their tails out of season. This minimises the key disadvantage of sexual dimorphism, which is, it makes the male much easier to be seen by predators.

Jonathan Swift

Jonathan Swift (30 November 1667 – 19 October 1745) was an Anglo-Irish satirist, essayist, political pamphleteer (first for Whigs then for the Tories), poet and cleric. He became Dean of St. Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin. 

He is remembered for books and poems he wrote like: "Gulliver's Travels", "A Modest Proposal", "A Journal to Stella", "Drapier's Letters", "The Battle of the Books", "An Argument Against Abolishing Christianity", and "A Tale of a Tub". Swift is probably the most well known prose satirist in the English language. He is less well known for his poetry.

Swift originally published all of his work under pseudonyms — such as Lemuel Gulliver, Isaac Bickerstaff, M.B. Drapier — or anonymously. He is known for being a master of two styles of satire; the Horatian and Juvenalian styles.

Swift was a good writer, famous for his satires. The most recent collection of his prose works (Herbert Davis, ed. Basil Blackwell, 1965-) comprises fourteen volumes. A recent edition of his complete poetry (Pat Rodges, ed. Penguin, 1983) is 953 pages long. One edition of his correspondence (David Woolley, ed. P. Lang, 1999) fills three volumes.

John Ruskin named him as one of the three people in history who were the most influential for him.


Cato the Elder

Marcus Porcius Cato (Latin: ) (234 BC, Tusculum–149 BC) was a Roman statesman, surnamed the Censor ("Censorius"), "Sapiens, Priscus", or the Elder ("Major"), to distinguish him from Cato the Younger (his great-grandson).

He came of an ancient Plebeian family who all were noted for some military service but not for the discharge of the higher civil offices. He was bred, after the manner of his Latin forefathers, to agriculture, to which he devoted himself when not engaged in military service. But, having attracted the notice of Lucius Valerius Flaccus, he was brought to Rome, and successively held the offices of Cursus Honorum: Tribune (214 BC), Quaestor (204 BC), Aedile (199 BC), Praetor (198 BC), Consul (195 BC) together with his old patron, and finally Censor (184 BC).

Late in life, he encouraged the Romans to start the Third Punic War to destroy Carthage.

Kavirondo

Kavirondo is the old name of the region around Kavirondo Gulf in Uganda (now Winam Gulf) as well as of two native peoples who lived there under the regime of British East Africa (The "Nilotic Kavirondo" and the "Bantu Kavirondo"). They lived in the valley of the Nzoia River, on the western slopes of Mount Elgon, and along the northeast coast of Victoria Nyanza. 

Suggested origins of the name "Kavirondo" include 

The Bantu immigrated from the south and the Nilotic came from the north. The Bantu appear to have been the first. The Nilotic tribes are probably an offshoot of the Acholi. They appear to have crossed the lake to reach their current home, the country around Kavirondo Gulf. Of the two groups the Bantu now occupy a more northerly position than their neighbors, and are practically the most northerly representatives of that race . Their further progress north was stopped by the southward movement of the Nilotic tribes, while the Nilotic Kavirondo in their turn had their wanderings stoped by Elgumi people (themselves probably of Nilotic origin) from the east. 

The Bantu Kavirondo are divided into three principal types: the Awa-Rimi, the Awa-Ware and the Awa-Kisii. Their Bantu neighbors call the Nilotic Kavirondo "Ja-Mwa". The generic name for the Nilotic tribes is "Ja-Luo", but the Bantu Kavirondo call them "Awa-Nyoro". The two groups have many characteristics in common. 

Traditionally, these people seem to be naked. The men of the Nilotic Kavirondo start to wear a small piece of goat-skin on their penis when they become fathers. This is called "Sembe". Even though this covering is practically useless as a covering, etiquette says it must still be worn. Even those men who wear clothes must wear the goat-skin, when they are fathers. 

Men of the tribe have traveled more, and have had more contact with white people. Some of the tribesmen now wear European-style clothing. Women traveled less, or were more conservative. They kept the nudity, or the few garments they had before.

Among the Bantu Kavirondo married women wear a short fringe of black string in front and a tassel of banana fiber suspended from a girdle behind. This tassel looks like a tail from a distance. The first travelers to Africa talked about a "tailed race". The Nilotic Kavirondo women wear the tail, but not the fringe in front. For dandy they wear a goat-skin slung over the shoulders. 

Some of the Bantu tribes practice circumcision, the Nilotic tribes do not. Patterns are tattooed on chest and stomach for ornament. Men, even husbands, are forbidden to touch the women's tails, which must be worn even should any other clothing be wrapped round the body. 

The Kavirondo are known for being independent, eager, and ready to fight. They are seen as honest, and as having a high sexual morality, traits common among the Bantu tribes. There are more women than men. For this reason, polygamy is common.

Among the Bantu tribes a man has the refusal of all the younger sisters of his wife as they attain puberty. Practically no woman lives unmarried all her life, for if no suitor seeks her, she singles out a man and offers herself to him at a reduced price, an offer usually accepted, as the women are excellent agricultural laborers. The Nilotic Kavirondo incline to exogamy, endeavoring always to marry outside their clan. Girls are betrothed at six or seven, and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his father-in-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood. It is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day. She is sent back to her parents, who have to return the marriage price, and pay a fine. The wife's adultery was formerly punished with death, and the capital penalty was also inflicted on young men and girls guilty of adultery. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the usual minimum price for a wife is forty hoes, twenty goats and one cow, paid in installments. The Nilotic Kavirondo pay twenty sheep and two to six cows. The husband-elect can claim his bride after half payment; if a woman dies without bearing children, the amount of her purchase is returnable by her father, unless the widower consents to replace her by another sister. The women are prolific and the birth of twins is common and considered a lucky event, which is celebrated by feasting and dances. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days; among the Nilotic Kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month. If a Bantu mother has lost two children in succession, the next child born is taken out at dawn and placed on the road, where it is left till a neighbor, usually a woman friend who has gone that way on purpose, picks it up and takes it to its mother who gives a goat in return; a somewhat similar custom prevails among the Niotic tribes. Names are not male and female, and a daughter often bears her fathers name.

The Kavirondo bury their dead. Among one of the Bantu tribes, the Awa-Kisesa, a chief is buried in the floor of his own hut in a sitting position, but at such a depth that the head protrudes. Over the head an earthenware pot is placed, and his principal wives have to remain in the hut till the flesh is eaten by ants or decomposes, when the skull is removed and buried close to the hut. Later the skeleton is unearthed, and reburied with much ceremony in the sacred burial place of the tribe. Married women of the Bantu tribes are buried in their hut lying on their right side with legs doubled up, the hut being then deserted. Among the Nilotic tribes the grave is dug beneath the veranda of the hut. Men of the Bantu tribes are buried in an open space in the midst of their huts; in the Nilotic tribes, if the first wife of the deceased be alive he is buried in her hut, if not, beneath the veranda of the hut in which he died. A child is buried near the door of its mothers hut. A sign of mourning is a cord of banana fiber worn round the neck and waist.

A chief chooses, sometimes years before his death, one of his sons to succeed him, often giving a brass bracelet as insignia. A man's property is divided equally among his children.

While some tribes live in isolated huts, those in the north have strongly walled villages. The walls are of mud and, among the Nilotic tribes, occasionally of stone. Since colonization by the British the security of the country induced the Kavirondo to let the walls fall into disrepair. Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs, and fairly broad verandas all round.

A portion of the hut is partitioned off as a sleeping-place for goats, and the fowls sleep indoors in a large basket. Skins form the only bedsteads. In each hut are two fireplaces, about which a rigid etiquette prevails. Strangers or distant relatives are not allowed to pass beyond the first, which is near the door, and is used for cooking. At the second, which is nearly in the middle of the hut, sits the hut owner, his wives, children, brothers and sisters. Around this fireplace the family sleep.

Cooking pots, water pots and earthenware grain jars are the only other furniture. The food is served in small baskets. Every full-grown man has a hut to himself, and one for each wife. The huts of the Masaba Kavirondo of west Elgon have the apex of the roof surmounted by a carved pole which Sir H. H. Johnston says is obviously a phallus. Among the Bantu Kavirondo a father does not eat with his sons, nor do brothers eat together. Among the Nilotic tribes father and sons eat together, usually in a separate hut with open sides. Women eat apart and only after the men have finished. 

Though a peaceful people the Kavirondo fight well. Their weapons are spears with rather long flat blades without blood-courses and broad-bladed swords. Some use slings, and most carry shields. Bows and arrows are also used; firearms are however displacing other weapons. Kavirondo warfare was mainly defensive and intertribal. This was a form of vendetta. When a man had killed his enemy in battle he shaved his head on his return and was rubbed with medicine (generally goats dung), to defend him from the spirit of the dead man. The Awa-Wanga abandoned this custom when they obtained firearms. The young warriors were made to stab the bodies of their slain enemies. 

In the colonial era the Kavirondo were on the increase due to their fecundity and morality. Those who lived in the low-lying lands suffer from a mild malaria, while abroad they are subject to dysentery and pneumonia. Epidemics of small-pox have occurred. Native medicine is simple. They dress wounds with butter and leaves, and for inflammation of the lungs or pleurisy, pierce a hole in the chest. There are no medicine-men: the women are the doctors. Certain of the incisor teeth are pulled out. If a man has these he will, it is thought, be killed in warfare. Among certain tribes the women also have incisor teeth extracted, otherwise misfortune would befall their husbands. For the same reason the wife scars the skin of her forehead or stomach. A Kavirondo husband, before starting on a dangerous journey, cuts scars on his wife's body to ensure him good luck.

The Kavirondo have the birth dance, the death dance, that at initiation and one of a propitiatory kind in seasons of drought. Their music is plaintive and sometimes pretty, produced by a large lyre-shaped instrument. They also use various drums.

The Ja-Luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments. Like the aggry beads of West Africa these beads are not made locally nor of recent introduction. They are ancient, generally blue in color, occasionally yellow or green, and are picked up in certain districts after heavy rain. The natives believe they come down with the rain. They are identical in shape and color to ancient Egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in Baluchistan.

They appears to practice a vague ancestor worship, but the northern tribes have two gods, Awafwa and Ishishemi, the spirits of good and evil. To the former, cattle and goats are sacrificed. 

The Kavirondo have great faith in divination from the entrails of a sheep. Nearly everybody and everything is ominous of good or evil to the Kavirondo. 

They have few myths or traditions; the antbear is the chief figure in their beast-legends. 

They believe in witchcraft and practice trial by ordeal.

The Kavirondo are essentially an agricultural people: both men and women work in the fields with large iron hoes. In addition to sorghum, Eleusine and maize, tobacco and hemp are both cultivated and smoked. Both sexes smoke, but the use of hemp is restricted to men and unmarried women, as it is thought to injure child-bearing women. Hemp is smoked in a hubble-bubble. The Kavirondo cultivate sesamum and make an oil from its seeds which they burn in little clay lamps of the ancient saucer type, the pattern being, in Hobley's opinion, introduced into the country by the coast people. 

The Kavirondo keep cattle, sheep, goats, fowls and a few dogs. Women do not eat sheep, fowls or eggs, and are not allowed to drink milk except when mixed with other things. The flesh of the wild cat and leopard is esteemed by most of the tribes. Among the Bantu Kavirondo goats and sheep are suffocated, the snout being held until the animal dies. From Eleusine a beer is made. 

The Kavirondo are plucky hunters, capturing the hippopotamus with ropes and traps, and attacking with spears the largest elephants. Fish, of which they are very fond, are caught by line and rod or in traps. Bee-keeping is common, and where trees are scarce the hives are placed on the roof of the hut. 

Traditional Kavirondo industries are salt-making, effected by burning reeds and water-plants and passing water through the ashes; the smelting of iron ore (confined to the Bantu tribes); pottery and basket-work.


Magellan goose

The Magellan goose ("Chloephaga picta picta") or upland goose is a bird of "Anatidae" family. It is most commonly found in the southern part of South America, Tierra del Fuego. The Upland goose is a subspecies of "Chloephaga picta leucoptera". The Upland Goose is one of the most conspicuous birds in the Falklands. The subspecies "Chloephaga picta leucoptera" is only found in the Falklands. It is slightly larger than the South American subspecies.


The Rocker (movie)

The Rocker is a comedy movie. It was released on August 20, 2008. The movie stars Rainn Wilson, Josh Gad, Christina Applegate, Teddy Geiger, Will Arnett, Emma Stone, and Bradley Cooper. It was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky. Wolodarsky is best known for his work on writing for "The Simpsons".

Based on 92 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, "The Rocker" had an overall approval rating of 40 percent, with a weighted average score of 5.2/10. "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a C-, saying "the movie ... shamelessly ... rips off "School of Rock", recycling its flaky-educator loser-of-the-gods premise, only this time in high school"

"The Rocker" was released on August 20, 2008 in the United States. It did not make as much money at the box office as it was expected to make. It opening at #12 with $2.64 million for its first weekend. The movie earned less than $7 million overall during its entire theatrical run. One of the stars of the movie, Emma Stone, had another movie ("The House Bunny") open the same weekend. It earned much more than "The Rocker", opening at #2.



Fierce Creatures

Fierce Creatures is a 1997 British comedy movie. The movie was written by John Cleese and directed by Fred Schepisi and Robert Young.

The story is based around a British zoo. It has recently been bought by New Zealand businessman Rod McCain (played by Kevin Kline) and put under the management of Rollo Lee (Cleese). In order to gain more money, Lee decides to use a "fierce creatures" policy. This means that only animals which could kill people would be kept in the zoo.

The movie was a Spiritual sequel to "A Fish Called Wanda" and used the same main cast.


The Bucket List

The Bucket List is a 2007 American comedy-drama movie. It was written by Justin Zackham and directed by Rob Reiner. The movie stars Jack Nicholson, Morgan Freeman, Sean Hayes, Beverly Todd, and Rob Morrow. The story follows two men who have terminal cancer (Nicholson and Freeman) on a road trip with a wish list of things to do before they "kick the bucket".



Shōjo

Shōjo (少女) is a Japanese word meaning "girl". The characters, or kanji, mean "little" and "woman". The word is mainly used to describe a demographic for anime and manga- girls 7-19. 

Like many Japanese words, the characters of the word shōjo come from Chinese. The first known use of the word comes from a Chinese book called "The Book of the Later Han". In Chapter 86, young girls are mentioned:盤瓠種，昔帝嚳時患犬戎入寇, 乃訪募天下，有能得犬戎之將吳將軍頭者，購黃金千鎰，邑萬家，又妻以少女

Translation: The myth of Yao: the country is being invaded by barbarians, the king is looking for warriors who are able to take the head of the general of the invading army, and for this the king will award a thousand Yi of gold, many houses, and young girl(s) as their wife/wives.The word was brought to Japan in the 7th century, when they began using a Chinese-style legal system. During this time, shōjo meant girls from 17 to 20.

Nowadays, the word shōjo is legally used to mean any woman or girl under 20. This is like how shounen is used to mean men or boys under 20.

Outside of legal use, the word shōjo is used to refer to things for girls or about girls, like shōjo manga, shōjo anime, and shōjo fashion.


Five Families

The Five Families are the five major Italian-American Mafia crime families which have controlled organized crime in New York City since the 1930s. The Five Families, under the suggestion of Salvatore Maranzano and Charles "Lucky" Luciano, were responsible for the establishment of The Commission, a council that changed how things worked with Mafia activities in the United States. 
The five families and their bosses are (currently):
The Colombo family was once known as the Profaci Crime Family, until a coup caused a name change in the early 1960s. Former Godfather Joe Massino had wanted to change the name of the Bonanno Family to the Massino Family but since his arrest and defection it is unlikely to happen. The DeCavalcante crime family, based in nearby Elizabeth, NJ, also has ties to the five New York families.


Gambino crime family

The Gambino crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities based in New York City, United States, within the Mafia (or "Cosa Nostra"). It was named after Carlo Gambino.




Carlo Gambino

Carlo Gambino (; August 24, 1902 – October 15, 1976) was a Mafioso who became Boss of the Gambino crime family, that is still takes the name today. No one expected Gambino to seize control over the Commission of La Cosa Nostra in the US, at 1957 Apalachin Convention. Gambino was known for being low-key and secretive and unlike many modern mobsters, Gambino served no time in prison, but lived to the age of 74, when he died of a heart attack in bed.

John Gotti

John Joseph Gotti, Jr. (October 27, 1940 – June 10, 2002), commonly known by the media as "The Dapper Don" and "The Teflon Don" after the murder of his former boss Paul Castellano, was the boss of the well known Gambino crime family.

Energy transfer

In physics, energy transfer is when energy is moved from one place to another. Energy cannot be made or destroyed. However, it can be transferred and it can change from one form of energy to another form of energy.

Galago

Galagos, also known as bushbabies or (meaning "little night monkeys" in Afrikaans), are small, nocturnal primates native to continental Africa. There are 21 species, and they form the family Galagidae.

Range varies with species but includes most of the forested and bush regions of Africa south of the Sahara including some of the nearby islands such as Zanzibar. Their range does not extend to Madagascar.

There are many kinds of bush babies. Bush babies are the most successful prosimian primates in Africa.

Galagos are all arboreal and are able to jump far between branches. They also flock to savahhn areas of Africa.

Galagos are omnivorous but mainly eat insects. Their favorite food is grasshoppers, but they also eat small birds, eggs, fruits, seeds and flowers. Euoticus has specialized front teeth for removing tree bark so it can eat tree gum.

Mongolic languages

The Mongolic languages are a group of languages that are spoken in Central Asia. Some linguists propose to put Mongolic languages in the same group as the Turkic and Tungusic languages. They call this group the Altaic languages, but not all linguists agreed upon this.

The best-known member of this language family is Mongolian. In Cyrillic orthography as it is used in Mongolia it is written Монгол Хэл. In the vertical Uygur-derived script as used in Inner Mongolia in China it is written Mongγol Kele. It is the primary language of most of the residents of Mongolia, and is spoken by around 5.7 million people in Mongolia, Russia, and China.



Tungusic languages

The Tungusic languages (also known as Manchu-Tungus, Tungus) are spoken in Eastern Siberia and Manchuria. Some linguists consider them to be part of the Altaic languages but many others do not think so.

Many Tungusic languages are in danger, and the long-term future of the family is uncertain.

Linguists working on Tungusic have proposed a number of different classifications based on different criteria, including morphological, lexical, and phonological characteristics. 
Northern Tungusic

These languages can be considered dialects or related languages of Evenki:

Southern Tungusic
Jurchen-Manchu (Jurchen and Manchu are simply different stages of the same language).



Pioneer program

The Pioneer program is the name of a few unmanned space missions done by NASA between 1958 and 1978. The best-known of these probes were Pioneer 10 and 11, launched in 1972 and 1973 respectively.
Both carried a plaque as shown.

The first spacecraft in Pioneer program, Pioneer 0 was launched on August 17, 1958. 77 seconds after launch the Thor engine failed and a spacecraft has failed at launch. The next spacecraft, Pioneer 1, was the first spacecraft in Pioneer Program to be launched successfully, on October 11, 1958. Like its successor, Pioneer 2, which was launched on November 8, 1958, it was launched to the Moon. The most famous spacecraft in Pioneer program, Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 were launched on March 2, 1972 and April 5, 1973 respectively. Both reached the Jupiter system on December 4, 1973 and December 2, 1974 respectively. Pioneer 11 became the first spacecraft to approach Saturn, on September 1, 1979. Both spacecraft aren't functional anymore, the last signal from Pioneer 11 was received on Earth on November 24, 1995 at a distance 44 AU (7 Billion km; 3 Billion miles), while the last signal from Pioneer 10 was received on January 23, 2003 at a distance of 82 AU (12 Billion km; 7.6 Billion miles) from Earth. Pioneer 10 was the most distant spacecraft from Earth until February 17, 1998 when it was passed by Voyager 1 and will be the 3rd farthest spacecraft from Earth once it'll be passed by Voyager 2 around March 2023.

The earliest missions were attempts to escape the pull of Earth’s gravity and to study the Moon. This included the first launch by NASA which was formed from the old NACA. These missions were carried out by the Air Force Ballistic Missile Division, Army, and NASA.

Pioneer P-1, P-3, 5, P-30, and P-31 probe

Pioneer 0



Pioneer 1


Pioneer 2


Pioneer P-1


Pioneer P-3


Pioneer 5


Pioneer P-30


Pioneer P-31



Five years after the early Able space probe missions ended, NASA Ames Research Center used the Pioneer name for a new series of missions, to gather information at the inner Solar System, before the flyby missions to Jupiter and Saturn. While successful, the missions returned much poorer images than the Voyager program probes would five years later. In 1978, the end of the program saw a return to the inner Solar System, with the Pioneer Venus Orbiter and Multiprobe, this time orbiting instead of flying by planets.

The new missions were numbered beginning with Pioneer 6 (other names in brackets).

The spacecraft in Pioneer missions 6, 7, 8, and 9 that research interplanetary space weather:


Pioneer 6 and Pioneer 9 are orbiting the Sun at 0.8 AU, with orbits slightly shorter than Earth. Pioneer 7 and Pioneer 8 are in solar orbits with 1.1 AU distance to the Sun. Their orbits are slightly longer than Earth's. Since the probes' orbital periods are different from that of the Earth, from time to time, they face a side of the Sun that cannot be seen from Earth.





Musée d'Orsay

The Musée d'Orsay is an art museum in Paris. The building was built in 1900 and was first used as a railway station. In 1986, it became a museum, and it is still very famous today. 

The museum exhibits artworks of the 19th century including Impressionist paintings. The Impressionist paintings include works by Monet, Degas, Renoir, Cézanne, Manet, and Van Gogh. That's why the Orsay is called the 'Impressionism museum'. 

The museum holds mainly French art dating from 1848 to 1915, including paintings, sculptures, furniture, and photography. Its extensive collection of impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces is the largest in the world. It features work by such painters such as Monet, Manet, Degas, Renoir, Cézanne, Seurat, Sisley, Gauguin, Van Gogh and many others. 


Cystitis

Cystitis is the infection of the urinary bladder. Women get this more often than men, but men can get it also. It also affects all age groups.

Royal Academy

The Royal Academy (RA), is an art institution based in Burlington House, Piccadilly, London. It is a club for top painters and sculptors. They elect their own members, and give regular exhibitions of art works.

The Royal Academy was formed to rival the Society of Artists after an leadership dispute between two leading architects, Sir William Chambers and James Paine. Paine won, but Chambers used his strong connections with King George III to create the Royal Academy, in 1768. It was formally launched the following year.

Membership of the Royal Academy is up to 80 practising artists, each elected by ballot of the General Assembly of the Royal Academy. They are known as Royal Academicians (RA, or more traditionally as R.A.). The Royal Academy is governed by these Royal Academicians.

Sir Joshua Reynolds was its first president, and Benjamin West its second.


The Last Judgement (Michelangelo)

The Last Judgment is a fresco by Michelangelo painted on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Vatican City. Clement VII commissioned the painting in 1534, the last year of his papacy. After the election of Paul III Farnese, Michelangelo, aged 61, began work in 1536. He completed the "Last Judgement" in the autumn of 1541. 

The "Last Judgment" shows the Second Coming of Christ, as described by John the Evangelist in the apocalypse. The painting depicts the moment when the living and dead are judged by Christ, and their souls consigned to heaven or hell.

The painting was not unanimously admired at the time. Due to his depiction of holy persons in the nude, with exposed genitals, Michelangelo was accused of immorality and obscenity. The cardinal said that this could not be tolerated inside the most important church of Christianity. A censorship campaign was started, known as the "Fig-leaf campaign". Carafa and Monsignor Sernini (Mantua's ambassador) launched the campaign to remove the frescoes. When the Pope's own Master of Ceremonies, Biagio da Cesena, said "it was mostly disgraceful that in so sacred a place there should have been depicted all those nude figures, exposing themselves so shamefully," and that it was no work for a papal chapel but rather "for the public baths and taverns," Michelangelo worked the Cesena's semblance into the scene as Minos, judge of the underworld (far bottom-right corner of the painting). It is said that when Cesena complained to the Pope, the pontiff responded that his jurisdiction did not extend to hell, so the portrait would have to remain.

The genitalia in the fresco were later covered by the artist Daniele da Volterra, whom history remembers by the derogatory nickname "Il Braghettone" ("the breeches-painter").

In the painting, Michelangelo does a self portrait depicting himself as St. Bartholomew after he had been flayed (skinned alive) This is reflective of the feelings of contempt Michelangelo had for being commissioned to paint the "Last Judgement".

Fancy rat

The fancy rat or pet rat is a type of the brown rat ("Rattus norvegicus") that is bred to be a pet. The name "fancy rat" has nothing to do with the "fanciness" of how they look. It comes from the phrase "animal fancy". A person who keeps pet rats is said to be involved in "rat fancy." Some people domesticate black rats ("Rattus rattus"), and Gambian pouched rats ("Cricetomys gambianus"). These types of rats are not usually called fancy rats because the hobby does not center around them.

Fancy rats have been bred as pets at least since the late 19th century. They can have many different colors and coat types. They are sociable, intelligent animals. They can learn to come when called, use a litter box, and do many different tricks. Pet rats act differently from rats found in nature. The number of generations since they have been removed from the wild and how they were bred has an effect on how much they act differently. They are not any more of a health risk than other common pets. 

In the 19th century france, Fancy Rats were quite a popular attraction of entertainment, they could be taughtt a handfull of tricks.

Fancy rats do not have the diseases and illness as a wild rat would have.
Fancy rats can have ears on the top of their head (standard) or at the side (dumbo)

Gymnasium (ancient Greece)

In Ancient Greece the Gymnasion (or Gymnasium, romanized name) was a place where athletes could train for the competitions in public games, such as the Olympic Games. "Gymnos" means naked. Only men were allowed to enter, and train; they did so fully naked (as the name implies). Athletes also competed in the nude. This was said to encourage aesthetic appreciation of the male body. It was believed to be a tribute to the Gods. Gymnasia and palestrae were under the protection and patronage of Heracles, Hermes and, in Athens, Theseus.

 The picture above shows the Pompeii gymnasium from the top of the stadium wall. The depression in the center-left of the picture was filled with water and used for swimming practice as well. Mock sea battles (naumachiae) took place in the flooded arena floor or a specially dug pool in the arena. According to Oscar Brockett in his History of the Theatre, 5th Ed. (1987), p. 70, "Perhaps the most spectacular of all entertainments were the naumachiae, or sea battles. The first was given in 46 B.C. by Julius Caesar on a lake dug for the occasion; it featured a battle involving 2,000 marines and 6,000 oarsmen. Later the amphitheatres were sometimes flooded for such events. By far the most ambitious of all the naumachiae was given in 52 A.D. on the Fucine Lake east of Rome to celebrate the completion of a water conduit. On that occasion, 19,000 participants fought and many died. To the right of the picture (partially behind a tree trunk) is a line of carbonized tree stumps. These are the remains of trees (each hundreds of years old) that were part of the palaistra. They were burned in the volcanic eruption of 79. Between these and the colonnade is a line of saplings recently planted as a replacement.

Arnold Rikli

Arnold Rikli (1823-1906) was a healer. He proposed various therapies, mostly based on exposing the body to sun and air (called Sun tanning, preferably done while naked). He is one of the forefathers of a movement called naturism today.

Eastern White Pine

The eastern white pine ("Pinus strobus"), also known as the white pine, Weymouth pine (British), and soft pine, is a large pine native to eastern North America, occurring from Newfoundland west to Minnesota and southeastern Manitoba, and south along the Appalachian Mountains to the extreme south of Georgia.

It's the state tree of Maine and Michigan.

Forget-me-not

Myosotis is a genus of flowering plants. It is in the family of Boraginaceae. They are often called Forget-me-nots. Similar names and variations are found in many different languages.

Willow grouse

The willow grouse (Europe) or willow ptarmigan (North America) ("Lagopus lagopus") is a medium-to-large (15–17 inches) gamebird in the grouse family, from the Arctic. It is a sedentary species, breeding in birch and other forests and tundra across northern Eurasia, and in Alaska and northern Canada. Feathers are brown in summer, changing to white in winter. It is the state bird of Alaska. During the last ice age, the species occurred in continental Europe (Tomek & Bocheński 2005).

Watershed (television)

Today, television can show a number of programmes. Usually the content of these programmes is rated, by a number of people (usually called "advisory board"). Some of the programmes may be suitable for children (of different ages), other content may not be suitable for children. The watershed is the time of the day where content not suitable for children may be shown. This is usually during the night (starting in the later evening, and ending in the early morning)

The content that is not suitable for children to see usually includes sex or nudity outside a functional context. People bathing naked in a lake may be ok, people doing a striptease in a night club or cabaret may not be. Other content generally not suitable includes various levels of violence or the use of illegal drugs. Sometimes "strong language" (full of expletives) is also seen as unfit for children.

Spot-billed pelican

The spot-billed pelican ("Pelecanus philippensis") is a member of the pelican family. It breeds in southern Asia from southern Pakistan. It is a bird of large inland and coastal waters, especially shallow lakes. The nest is a heap of vegetation in a tree. Three to four eggs is the usual clutch size.

Lake Manasarovar

Lake Manasarovar or Lake Manasa Sarovar (, Mapham Yutso; ) is a fresh-water lake. It is in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China, from Lhasa. Lake Manasarovar is the source of the Pakistani river Sindhu. Sindhu flows west to the Arabian Sea.

Bathing

Bathing is putting the body into a fluid, most often water, or a solution with water. Usually it is done for hygiene or for religious purposes, or for fun. Sometimes bathing is also done as a form of therapy.

When people talk about bathing, they most often mean being immersed in water. But people have also "bathed" in other substances. Some therapies involve bathing in mud. People have also bathed in other substances, like Champagne, beans, or chocolate. A form of bathing quite common is bathing in sunlight.

Bathing serves several purposes:


Murree rebellion of 1857

The 1857 War of Independence in Murree, part of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 (better known as the Indian Mutiny), was a minor conflict between the tribes surrounding the hill station of Murree (now Pakistan) and the colonial government of British India The local tribes had become angry with the British ever since the British had started their colonial rule in the area.

Today Murree is part of Pakistan but in 1857 it was part of British India, ever since the British rule began in India there had been rebellions and wars against the British. However, in 1857 rebellions broke out in many different places, Murree being one of these places. People thought the rule of the British was about to be overthrown. In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Karlal tribes who rose up against the British.

Although the tribes of Murree had risen against the British, not everyone had been against British rule. Before British rule had been established in the area, the tribes had fought against the Sikhs. Under the command of Mohammed Ali Shah (also known as the Pir of Plasi), they had fought against the Sikh Army in Balakot - the troops here were commanded by Syed Shah Ismail Shahid and Syed Ahmad Shaheed (known as "The Martyrs")

The British, after battling in Rawalpindi in 1845 had captured Rani Jind Kaur, the widow of Maharaja Ranjit Singh (the former Ruler of Punjab) - this caused the collapse of Sikh rule and, when the British marched into the Murree area, the local tribes at first welcomed them. However, many of the tribes soon considered that they had exchanged one form of occupation for another and events elsewhere in India also encouraged an uprising.

The British had recruited many of the tribes in the area into their army, for example many members of the Satti tribe were recruited as Sepoys and the British commanders (like elsewhere across Colonial India) won this war largely by the use of Indian soldiers.

The War against the British then reached Murree and the Southern Areas of Hazara Division, the part of which is now known as Circle Bakote in July 1857 when the Dhund Abbasi leader Sardar Sherbaz Khan Abbasi planned to attack the British.

By the end of August many of the British troops who had been in Murree had left to join the campaign in Delhi. Rebels had taken Delhi from British control and the British had sent as many soldiers as they could. The decision to send troops to Delhi meant that the defence of Murree was weakened However the British were unable to take Delhi quickly, and as Delhi still held out against the British the Dhund tribesmen decided to take Murree. The Dhund attacked Murree by rising on every side at the same time and crowding up the nearer hill-sides threatening destruction of the station. Several of the table-servants supported the hill-men, and for some hours the danger to Murree became imminent.

According to the 1857 Punjab Mutiny Report the attack failed because the British were told of the plan to attack them. One of Lady Lawrence's servants, named Hakim Khan, told the British of the attack to come. The loyalty of Hakim was described in the report as "the means, under God, of saving Murree" The British quickly organised defences, and quickly got volunteers. A cordon of sentries surrounded the station and the three weakest points were held in some force. When the Dhunds arrived in the middle of the night they found the whole station waiting for them.

After a few hours of skirmishing the Dhunds retreated with the loss of two or three of their men who had come within musket range of the British. After that, the British quickly arrested, convicted and executed two Hindustani doctors for being involved in the plot. They had been educated in government institutions, were practising in Murree and employed by the government. The British suspected that the Dhunds were expecting support from their Hindustani allies, so as well as the doctors several domestic servants were seized and punished.

An urgent request was sent to troops in Hazara to reinforce Murree and Major Beecher sent every available man from Abbottabad to Murree - however the British troops in Murree had managed to secure the station and beat off the attack before the arrival of reinforcements.

The revolt did not succeed, the rebels' leaders were arrested and punished. All of Sardar Sherbaz Khan Abbasi's eight sons were blasted by cannon fire in Murree whilst Sardar Sherbaz Khan Abbasi himself was hanged till death.

Pygmy marmoset

Pygmy marmosets are the smallest marmosets and one of the smallest of all primates. They inhabit Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and Colombia. Most pygmy marmosets lives in troops of two to nine individuals, with a dominant male, a breeding female, and up to four successive litters of offspring. The modal size of a standard stable troop would be 6 individuals.
Pygmy marmosets have tawny agouti fur (the tip of the hair is a different color to the base) with an indistinctly dark-ringed tail. They can range in size from 4.6 in to 6 in but could possibly be half that size when they are first born since they are the size of a human thumb.

They are expected to live as long as 15-20 years. 

They live in flooded forest near rivers, bamboo thickets and the edges of agricultural fields. They're mostly native in South Africa but can also be found around the western part of the amazon rainforest. Can also be found in Bolivia, Peru, Columbia, and Western Brazil. 

Pygmy marmosets mainly feed on gum (tree exudates, sap), but they also eat fruit, nectar and insects. They gouge holes in the bark of trees, and revisit these holes daily to collect the sap. The marmosets hang on with specially adapted claws.

2. Tardif , S., Smucny , D., Abbott , D., Mansfield , K., Darkin, N. S., & Yamamoto , M. E. (2003). National Library of Medicine . Reproduction in Captive Common Marmosets (Callithrix Jacchus), 364–368.

3. University of Salford. (2018, February 27). Smallest monkey's evolutionary secret. ScienceDaily. Retrieved October 19, 2021 from www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2018/02/180227094726.htm

4. Jean P. Boubli, Maria N.F. da Silva, Anthony B. Rylands, Stephen D. Nash, Fabrício Bertuol, Mário Nunes, Russell A. Mittermeier, Hazel Byrne, Felipe E. Silva, Fabio Röhe, Iracilda Sampaio, Horacio Schneider, Izeni P. Farias, Tomas Hrbek, How many pygmy marmoset (Cebuella Gray, 1870) species are there? A taxonomic re-appraisal based on new molecular evidence, Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution, Volume 120

Patras

Patra () is the third biggest Greek city. Patra is in southwest Greece on the west coast of the Peloponnese. It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaia and also the capital of the Greek perifereia (district) of Western Peloponnese. 171,616 lived there in 2001. The total population of Patra, including all its suburbs, is over 200,000 people. Patra is a coastal city, so it has a big port. Patra's port connects Greece with east-facing Italian ports such as Bari, Brindisi and Ancona. 

Patra developed in the third century BC. During the Roman period, Patra became an important city. In Patra Christianity arrived quite early, approximately in the first century AD, by St Andrew, who was martyred there. During the Middle Ages Patra was not very significant. Patra developed again after the Greek liberation from the Turks, in 1830 following the Greek revolution of 1821.

The most important site in Patra is the contemporary Bridge Rion-Antirion which links Peloponnese and Sterea Ellada. This bridge is located a short distance from Patra's center, in the district of Rio. Opposite Rio is Antirio and it ends at the bridge. Other significant sites in Patra are the church of Agios Andreas and the Apollon theater. The cathedral of Agios Andreas is the third biggest churches in Greece. Patra is known for its wines, with the famous and oldest Winery in Greece, Achaia Clauss founded in 1861.

Santiago de Compostela

Santiago de Compostela (also Saint James of Compostela) is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Site. The city is in the northwest of Spain in the Province of A Coruña.

The city's Cathedral is the destination of an important pilgrimage route, the Way of St. James (Galician: "Camiño de Santiago", Spanish: "Camino de Santiago"). Pilgrims have been following this route since the ninth century.

The cathedral is believed to be where James, son of Zebedee is buried. Saint James was one of the apostles of Jesus Christ.

<br>

Christopher Nolan

Christopher Jonathan James Nolan (born 30 July 1970) is a British-American director, producer and screenwriter. He often works with his brother, author Jonathan Nolan. Nolan rose to prominence for directing the psychological thriller "Memento", and for reviving the Batman movie franchise as the director of "The Dark Knight Trilogy". Each of them are "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Dark Knight" (2008), and "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). He is also the founder of the production company, Syncopy Films through which his movies "Inception" (2010), "Interstellar" (2014), "Dunkirk" (2017), "Tenet" (2020) and "Oppenheimer" (2023) were released.

For directing "Oppenheimer", he won an Academy Award, Golden Globe Award and BAFTA Award for Best Direction.

In July 2012, Nolan became the youngest director to be honored with a hand and footprint ceremony at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles.

Nolan appreciated the work of actor Thalapathy Vijay in action film "Leo" set to release in North America theatres on 18 October 2023.

Christopher Nolan's filmmaking style is characterized by non-linear narratives, mind-bending concepts, complex themes, unconventional characters, strong visuals, sparse music, collaboration, attention to detail, intellectual depth, and genre-blending. His films engage and challenge viewers.

Nolan has frequently cast the following;




Foucault pendulum

The Foucault pendulum, or Foucault's pendulum (named after the French physicist Léon Foucault) was a pendulum created as an experiment to show the rotation of the Earth.

On January 3, 1851, Foucault did the following experiment: He mounted a 2 metre long pendulum, and let it swing, in the basement of his house. On the floor, he marked the axis, along which the pendulum was swinging. After some time, he noticed, that the pendulum no longer swung along the axis he had marked on the floor, but on an different axis. When he tried to explain this, he considered, what could have caused the axis to change. He considered gravity. Gravity could not have caused the axis to change, as it only acts vertically. There were no other forces acting on the pendulum. So: according to Newton's laws, the pendulum did not change the axis it was swinging in. So it was the floor (or the earth) that changed this axis, because it rotated. 

Vincenzo Viviani (1662-1703) had made similar observations, but he didn't attribute them to the rotation of the earth. 

On the 3rd of February 1851, he repeated the experiment, with a 12m pendulum at the Paris observatory. On 26th of March he presented the experiment to the public: At the Panthéon, he used a 67m long pendulum, with a weight of 28kg. At the bottom of the pendulum, there was a tip that left a trace in a sandbox. This was an easy way to show the earth's rotation to common people. The metal ball of this pendulum still exists: Until 1946, it was stored at the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers, then it was returned to the Panthéon.

Caspar Garthe repeated the experiment at Cologne Cathedral, Friedrich Magnus Schwerd did in Speyer Cathedral. Their results were deceptive, and not nearly as good as those obtained in Paris. In 1879, Heike Kamerlingh Onnes wrote his thesis on the subject, doing extra calculations on the exact magnitude of the effect. In his thesis, he also pointing out the problems the people had encountered in Cologne and Speyer.

An exact copy of the original has been operating in the Panthéon since 1995. It takes 31h 50min to do a full rotation (of 360 degrees). 

Because a Foucault pendulum is an easy way to show the rotation of the earth, such devices can be found in many science museums around the world today. 

Mickie James

Mickie Laree James (born August 31, 1979) is an American professional wrestler and singer.

She worked for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on its SmackDown and Raw brands. She also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2010 to 2013.

James started wrestling in 1999 as a valet on the independent circuit using the name Alexis Laree. She trained in several places to get better at wrestling before working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) in June 2002. She first became well known while she was while working at TNA. Soon after she started working for TNA, she joined a stable called The Gathering. She is also the only woman to be a part of Clockwork Orange House of Fun matches.

James started working with WWE in October 2005. She was a part of a storyline with Trish Stratus. James' gimmick was that she was Stratus' biggest fan and later became Stratus' stalker. This storyline lasted almost a year. The person at WWE believed she was doing good work. Because of this, she won her first WWE Women's Championship at WrestleMania 22. She has held the championship a total of four times.

Outside of wrestling, James has an associate of arts degree in business administration. She is studying for her Bachelor of Arts degree in operations management. James grew up on a farm and has an interest in horses. She owns three Morgan horses. James has been riding since she was 11 years old.

She released her debut album "Strangers & Angels" on May 18, 2010 on iTunes. Her second album "Somebody's Gonna Pay" was released on May 18, 2010 and reached #15 on the Billboards Heatseekers charts. The album contains the song "Hardcore Country" which James uses as her current theme song in TNA.

Mickie James was raised on a farm with her sister Latoya in Montpelier, Virginia. She is of Native American heritage. As a child, she watched weekend horse shows. James started riding horses when she was eleven years old after her grandmother bought her a horse. James was a fan of professional wrestling as a child. She used to watch wrestling with her father. Her favorite wrestlers were Randy Savage, Ricky Steamboat and Ric Flair.

James started her training at a professional wrestling school in the Washington, D.C. area. She started her wrestling career on the independent circuit in 1999. Her first work was as a valet for KYDA Pro Wrestling using the ring name Alexis Laree. The name is a combination of her stage name from when she was a dancer and her middle name. As Laree, she managed several male wrestlers. This included managing Tommy Dreamer to win the KYDA Pro Heavyweight Championship. In March, she wrestled in her first match. It was an intergender tag team match with Jake Damian against American Mike Brown and Candie. James trained to get better at wrestling at many places. These places include the Funking Conservatory run by Dory Funk, Jr. and an Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) dojo. She also started wrestling for Maryland Championship Wrestling. While there, she was trained by Ricky Morton and Bobby Eaton. Because the independent circuit did not pay enough, James worked as a waitress at an Olive Garden restaurant. Trish Stratus, a former WWE wrestler, was and still is Mickie James' role model

James worked in Ring of Honor for a year. During this time, she also started wrestling in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. As Alexis Laree, she was a part of a lingerie battle royal. On March 26, 2003, she teamed with Amazing Red against Kid Kash—the X Division Champion—and Trinity. Weeks later, she became the first member of the Gathering, a stable led by Raven. On April 16, Laree became the first (and currently, only) woman to wrestle in a Clockwork Orange House of Fun match. This match involve the Gathering and Jeff Jarrett. She continued to wrestle with the Gathering when they feuded with the Disciples of The New Church. During this feud, James was kayfabe burned with a fireball by Father James Mitchell. She also wrestled in another Clockwork Orange House of Fun match.

James tried for two years to work for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). In August 2003, she was began to work for the WWE. They sent her to train at Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). James still used the name Alexis Laree at this time. She began making wresting on television for OVW on January 29, 2004. She wrestled in several tag team matches during the year. She won a Halloween Costume Contest on October 30 and defeated Jillian Hall in a $1,000 match on November 12.

Laree began a feud with Beth Phoenix on July 20. This feud started after Phoenix interrupted Laree during an interview. A match took place on July 29. Laree lost to Phoenix. The feud continued into September. Shelly Martinez was added to the storyline to side with Phoenix against Laree. On October 12, she appeared in OVW under her real name. She finished the year losing matches against Martinez and Jillian Hall.

James was first used on television in WWE on the October 10 2005 episode of "Raw". She used her real name. James used the gimmick of WWE Women's Champion Trish Stratus' biggest fan. The storyline had the two WWE Divas wrestling together in tag team matches. James' character became more obsessed with Stratus as time went on. A Halloween Costume Contest was part of the story line. James was dressed like Stratus. She even started using Stratus' personal finishing moves as her own during matches. On December 12, James wrestled and defeated Victoria. The match was to decide who would wrestle Stratus at New Year's Revolution for the championship. Lesbian themes were added to the story line with James kissing Stratus under mistletoe and saying nice things to her about her breasts. In the championship match, James lost to Stratus but still showed romantic fellings towards her the next night on "Raw". She told Stratus that she loved her at the Royal Rumble.

On March 6 2006 the storyline had Stratus telling James that they needed time apart from each other. They wrestled as a team at the March 18, 2006 Saturday Night's Main Event. James and Stratus defeated Candice Michelle and Victoria in the match. After the match, James tried to kiss Stratus. Stratus pushed her away and James' character made a complete heel turn. She attacked Stratus in the ring. James' character later said she would destroy Stratus. The two women wrestled each other at WrestleMania 22. James won the match to become the Women's Champion for her first time. During the match, even though James was playing the heel character, the fans liked her more than Stratus. The storyline ended at Backlash with a rematch after Stratus legitimately dislocated her shoulder when James threw her out of the ring. James lost the Women's Title on August 14 to Lita. During the match, Lita hit James with the title belt when Edge distracted the referee. This causes a face turn for James' on-screen character. When Stratus retired as champion, there was no longer a Women's Championship. WWE held a tournament to name a new champion. James was a part of that tournament. She defeated Victoria and Melina in the early parts of the tournament. She made it to the finals at Cyber Sunday. In the final match, she lost to Lita. At the 2006 Survivor Series James defeated Lita to win her second Women's Championship.

A new feud began between James and Melina on January 29 2007. Melina was the number one contender for the Women's Title at the time. James defeated Melina on February 5 to keep the championship. After this, she teamed with Super Crazy in a mixed tag team match against Melina and Johnny Nitro. Melina defeated James and challenged her to a rematch for the title. James lost the Women's Championship to Melina on February 19. The two wrestled in the first ever Women's Falls Count Anywhere match in WWE history. James lost to Melina. Near the end of the match, James fell from the turnbuckle. She landed on her neck but was not badly injured.

At a house show in Paris, France on April 24, James won her third Women's Championship. In a Triple Threat Match with Malina and Victoria, James pinned Victoria. However, she did not pin Melina, Jonathan Coachman said that a rematch would take place immediately. James lost the title back to Melina. This gave her the shortest Women’s Championship reign in WWE history.

On the November 26 edition of "Raw", James defeated Melina in a number one contenders match for Beth Phoenix's Women's Championship. This led to a title match between James and Phoenix at Armageddon 2007. James lost the match to Phoenix. On the April 14, 2008 edition of "Raw", held in London, James defeated Phoenix to win her fourth Women's Championship. At Judgment Day James successfully defended the Women's Championship against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match. James lost the championship back to Phoenix at SummerSlam 2008. She lost it in an intergender tag team match at SummerSlam. In that match, Her partner Kofi Kingston also lost the Intercontinental Title to Phoenix's partner Santino Marella. Mickie James was released from her WWE contract on April 22, 2010. After her release, she returned to TNA and became a three-time TNA Knockouts Champion. James returned to WWE in 2013 as a guest trainer, then returned as a wrestler in 2016. She was released again in 2021. James would then return to Impact Wrestling. She won her fourth and fifth Knockouts Championship. This makes her a total 11-time women's world champion between WWE and Impact.



James owns three Morgan horses called Rhapsody, Bunny and Casanova. After she has finished her wrestling career, James plans to own a farm and train horses. James also owns a dog named Butch.

She was at one time engaged to WWE wrestler Ken Doane, better known by his ring name "Kenny Dykstra". She has also been in a relationship with Adam Birch, better known by his ring name "Joey Mercury". James has two tattoos. She has an Asian symbol meaning 'love' on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it.

James posed nude in the May 2000 issue of "Leg Show" magazine. On April 13, 2008, James, along with Layla, Melina and Kelly Kelly, appeared in an episode of "Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp". On September 5 of that same year, James appeared on the USA Network series "Psych". She played a roller derby girl called Rita "Lethal Weapon" Westwood.

The WWE sent James, Mr. Kennedy and Josh Matthews to the 2008 Republican National Convention to try and get fans to register to vote in the 2008 Presidential election.

James made an appearance on "Redemption Song". The program is hosted by WWE wrestler Chris Jericho. James appeared on the program along with Candice Michelle, Maryse, and Eve Torres. The episode was first aired on November 12, 2008.


Guineafowl

Guineafowls (; sometimes called "pet speckled hens" or "original fowl") are birds of the family Numididae in the order Galliformes. They come from Africa and rank among the oldest of the gallinaceous birds. Phylogenetically, they branched off from the core Galliformes after the Cracidae (chachalacas, guans, and curassows) and before the Odontophoridae (New World quail). An Eocene fossil lineage "Telecrex" has been associated with guineafowl; "Telecrex" lived in Mongolia, and may have given rise to the oldest of the true phasianids, such as blood pheasants and eared pheasants, which evolved into high-altitude, montane-adapted species with the rise of the Tibetan Plateau. While modern guineafowl species are endemic to Africa, the helmeted guineafowl has been introduced as a domesticated bird widely elsewhere.

This is a list of guineafowl species, presented in taxonomic order.
Living Galliformes based on the work by John Boyd:

The insect- and seed-eating, ground-nesting birds of this family are like partridges, but with featherless heads, though both members of the genus "Guttera" have a distinctive black crest, and the vulturine guineafowl has a downy brown patch on the nape. Most species of guineafowl have a dark grey or blackish plumage with dense white spots, but both members of the genus "Agelastes" lack the spots. While several species are relatively well known, the plumed guineafowl and the two members of the genus "Agelastes" remain relatively poorly known. These large birds measure from 40–71 cm (16–28 in) in length, and weigh 700–1600 g or 1.5-3.5 lb. Guinea hens weigh more than guinea cocks, possibly because of the larger reproductive organs in the female compared to the male guinea fowl. Also, the presence of relatively larger egg clusters in the dual-purpose guinea hens may be a factor that contributes to the higher body weight of the guinea hens.

The species for which information is known are normally monogamous, mating for life, or are serially monogamous; however, occasional exceptions have been recorded for helmeted and Kenya crested guineafowl, which have been reported to be polygamous in captivity. All guineafowl are social, and typically live in small groups or large flocks. Though they are monogamous, species of the least-derived genera "Guttera", "Agelastes", and "Acryllium" tend toward social polyandry, a trait shared with other primitive galliforms such as the crested partridge and Congo peafowl.

Guineafowl travel behind herd animals and beneath monkey troups, where they forage within manure and on items that have fallen to the understory from the canopy. They play a pivotal role in the control of ticks, flies, locusts, scorpions, and other invertebrates. They pluck maggots from carcasses and manure.

Wild guineafowl are strong flyers. Their breast muscles are dark (aerobic metabolism), enabling them to sustain themselves in flight for considerable distances if hard-pressed. Grass and bush fires are a constant threat to them and flight is the most effective means of escape.

Some species of guineafowl, like the vulturine guineafowl, may go without drinking water for extended periods, instead sourcing their moisture from their food. Young guineafowl (called keets) are very sensitive to weather, in particular cold temperatures.

Guinea hens are not known to be good mothers, but in the wild, the guinea hen's mate (a guinea cock) may help tend the young keets during the day by keeping them warm and finding food. Sometimes, more than one cock helps raise the young. Guineafowl (hens and cocks together) make good parents. During warm weather, the cock is unlikely to set on the keets during the night (leaving that duty to the hen), but may help the hen keep them warm at night when temperatures drop below freezing.

Guineafowl may be trained to go into a coop (instead of roosting in trees) when very young. Once hatched and ready to leave the brooder (around 3 weeks), they may be enclosed in a coop for at least three days so they learn where "home" is. When guinea parents (that already roost in a coop) raise their own keets, the hen sets on them outdoors at night, but then the parents teach the keets to also go into the coop in the evenings around 3 weeks of age.

Each sex has a different call, which can be used to differentiate between female and male. Unlike chickens (which generally do best with one rooster for a flock of hens), guinea fowl do well with one cock for each hen.

Guineafowl species are found across sub-Saharan Africa, some almost in the entire range, others more localized, such as the plumed guineafowl in west-central Africa and the vulturine guineafowl in north-east Africa. They live in semiopen habitats such as savanna or semideserts, while some, such as the black guineafowl, mainly inhabit forests. Some perch high on treetops.

The helmeted guineafowl has been introduced in East Africa, the West Indies, the United States, Britain, and India, where it is raised as food or pets.

Guineafowl meat is drier and leaner than chicken meat and has a gamey flavour. It has marginally more protein than chicken or turkey, roughly half the fat of chicken and slightly fewer calories per gram. Their eggs are substantially richer than those of chickens.



Jaguar S-Type

Jaguar S-Type was a car produced by Jaguar from 1998 till 2008. It was first shown at the 1998 Birmingham Motor Show, and shared 'retro' styling with the Rover 75, which was shown at that same show.

The S-Type was replaced by the Jaguar XF in the spring of 2008.

Muskrat

Muskrats are rodents that live in freshwater and saltwater marshes, lakes, ponds, and streams. Muskrats often build dome-shaped houses in marshes. These houses, made of plants, protect the muskrat from predators, since the only entrance is underwater. Some muskrats live in burrows on the water banks. Muskrats are excellent swimmers but are slow on land. 

Muskrats are native to North America, but have been brought to Europe and Asia, where they now live in the wild. Muskrats got their name because they have musk glands that produce a strong scent. 

Griffith's experiment

Griffith's Experiment was an experiment done in 1928 by Frederick Griffith. It was one of the first experiments showing that bacteria can get DNA through a process.

Griffith used two strains of "Streptococcus pneumoniae". He then uses the bacteria to infect the mice, which have many different characteristics to humans. He used a type III-S (smooth) and type II-R (rough) strain. The III-S strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host's immune system. This means that the host will die. The II-R strain does not have that protective shield around it and is killed by the host's immune system.

In this experiment, bacteria from the III-S strain were killed by heat, and their remains were added to II-R strain bacteria. While neither harmed the mice on their own, the blend of the two was able to kill mice.

Griffith was also able to get both live II-R and live III-S strains of "S. pneumoniae" from the blood of these dead mice. He concluded that the type II-R had been "transformed" into the lethal III-S strain by a "transforming principle" that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria.

Today, we know that the "transforming principle" Griffith saw was the DNA of the III-S strain bacteria. While the bacteria had been killed, the DNA had survived the heating process and was taken up by the II-R strain bacteria. The III-S strain DNA contains the genes that form the shielding polysaccharide part from attack. Armed with this gene, the former II-R strain bacteria were now protected from the host's immune system and could kill the host.

The exact nature of the transforming principle was confirmed in one of many experiments done by Avery, McLeod and McCarty, as well as Hershey and Chase.



Frederick Griffith

Frederick Griffith (1879–1941) was a English medical officer and geneticist. In 1928, during an experiment, he discovered what he called a "transforming principle", but today we call DNA. 

He was born in Hale, Lancashire and attended Liverpool University where he studied genetics. In his younger days he worked at the Liverpool Royal Infirmary, the Thompson Yates Laboratory, and the Royal Commission on Tuberculosis.

The experiment began when Griffith was trying to make a vaccine to prevent pneumonia infections in the "Spanish flu" influenza pandemic after World War I, by using two strains of the "Streptococcus pneumoniae" bacterium.

Griffith was killed at work in his laboratory in 1941, along with longtime friend and bacteriologist William M. Scott in London during an air raid in the London blitz. Years later Griffith's "transforming principle" was identified as DNA by Oswald Avery, along with coworkers Colin MacLeod and Maclyn McCarty, in 1944. The Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment.

Streptococcus pneumoniae

Streptococcus pneumoniae, or pneumococcus, is a gram-positive, alpha-hemolytic diplococcus aerotolerant anaerobe and a member of the genus "Streptococcus". An important human pathogen, "S. pneumoniae" has been known as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies.

Strain (biology)

In biology, a strain is a low-level taxonomic rank below the rank of species. This is seen in microbiology where strains are got from a single cell colony, and are quarantined by being in a Petri dish. Strains are also commonly referred to in virology, in horticulture, and with rodents used in experimental studies.

A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism, that is to say a virus or bacterium or fungus. For example, a "flu strain" is a certain biological form of the influenza or "flu" virus. Properly speaking, bacteria, archaea and viruses do not have species, because they do not have eukaryote-type sexual reproduction. Bacteria do exchange DNA, but they may exchange it between different kinds of bacteria, which shows their difference from eukaryotes. Strains are therefore an essential part of bacterial identification. 

In botany, the term is not used to rank plants. It is sometimes used to refer to all the descendants produced from a common ancestor that share a uniform morphological or physiological character. A strain is a designated group of offspring that have descended from a modified plant, produced ether by conventional breeding or by biotechnological means or result from genetic mutation. 

For example, some rice strains are made by inserting new genetic material into a rice plant, all the descendants of the genetically modified rice plant are a strain with a unique genetic code that is passed on to later generations. The strain designation, a number or a formal name, covers all the plants that descend from the originally modified plant. The rice plants in the strain can be breed to other rice strains or cultivars, and if desirable plants are produced, these are further breed to stabilize the desirable traits; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and come true, are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers.

A mouse or a rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform. Strains are used in laboratory experiments. Mouse strains can be inbred or genetically engineered, while rat strains are usually produced by inbreeding.


Hannes Schäfer

Dr. Johannes Schäfer, born 2nd October 1965 in Göttingen, Germany, was the bass player of the German rock band Fury in the Slaughterhouse from the beginning (1987) until 1996. Today (2008) he is a doctor.

Schäfer's first band was 1982 the punk band "Defekt" in Hanover, Germany, where he was singer and bass player. From 1985 until 1987 he played in the jazz rock band "CIT.", together with Mousse T. and at the same time he worked as a studio musician at the "Stakkato Studio" in Hannover.

In 1987 Schäfer founded the rock band Fury in the Slaughterhouse together with Kai and Christian Wingenfelder, Rainer Schumann and Christoph Stein-Schneider. He played the bass in this band until 1996, when he was followed by Christian Decker. Together with his band Schäfer was awarded golden recording sales certifications for the Fury albums "Fury in the Slaughterhouse" (1988), "Mono" (1992), and "the Hearing and the Sense of Balance" (1995). Fury in the Slaughterhouse sold about three million recordings of albums made in their time with Hannes Schäfer (1987-1996).

After leaving Fury in the Slaughterouse Schäfer studied medicine and today (2008) he works as a doctor in the hospital "Vinzenzkrankenhaus" in Hanover.


The Prestige

The Prestige is a 2006 period movie directed by Christopher Nolan. The story follows Robert Angier and Alfred Borden, enemy stage magicians in fin de siècle London. Obsessed with creating the best stage Magic, they take part in a competition with tragic results.



Javon Ringer

Javon Ringer (born February 2, 1987, Dayton, Ohio) is an American football running back for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan State University. He attended Chaminade Julienne High School, where he set many running records. 


Running back

A running back (RB) is the position of a player on an American football team. They are the players who carry the ball the most. They receive handoffs, catch passes, and block for other runners.


Heisman Trophy

The Heisman Memorial Trophy Award (often known simply as the Heisman Trophy or The Heisman), named after the former college football coach John Heisman, is awarded annually by the Downtown Athletic Club of New York City to the most outstanding player in collegiate football.


Place of birth

The place of birth is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. Sometimes a person's place of birth decides the ethnicity of the person.

Run, Fat Boy, Run

Run Fat Boy Run is a 2007 British romantic comedy directed by David Schwimmer, written by Michael Ian Black and Simon Pegg, and starring Pegg, Dylan Moran, Thandie Newton, Harish Patel, India de Beaufort and Hank Azaria. It was released in the UK on 7 September 2007, in Canada on 10 September 2007 and in the United States on 28 March 2008.




And Now for Something Completely Different

And Now for Something Completely Different is a British movie spin-off from the comedy television series "Monty Python's Flying Circus". The movie has favorite sketches from the first two seasons. The title was used as a catchphrase in the series.


Abu Ghraib prison

Abu Ghraib prison is a prison in Abu Ghraib, a city 32 km west of Baghdad, Iraq. It became known when Saddam Hussein tortured and executed dissidents there. After the United States had invaded Iraq, there was also a scandal where US forces tortured prisoners.

Trade (sports)

In professional sports, a trade is when one (or more) player's contract and/or draft picks is traded between sports teams. Cash is another thing that may be added with contracts and/or draft picks to make a trade. Most often, trades are done between two teams, but there are times where trades are made between three or more teams.

Jet (band)

Jet is a hard rock band from Melbourne, Australia. They were formed in 2001. They have made two albums, "Get Born" and "Shine On". "Get Born" sold over three and a half million copies worldwide.

Get Born

Get Born is the first album by Australian band Jet. It was recorded in 2003. It was released on September 14, 2003. The song "Cold Hard Bitch" reached the top spot on the Modern Rock charts.


(*) Bonus track in Limited Edition CD

Tom Wills

Thomas Wentworth "Tom" Wills (19 August 1835 – 3 May 1880) was an Australian all-round sportsman who helped invent Australian Football and helped write the Laws of Australian Football.

Wills was born in south-east New South Wales, Australia either near Gundagai or Queanbeyan. 

From the age of 14 he went to Rugby School in England. At school he played both rugby football and cricket very well. By his final year in England, he was captain of the Rugby XI and he was listed in Bells Sporting Life as being one of the most promising young cricketers in England.

In 1859, Wills was involved with others in creating a set of football rules that were like a cross between rugby, soccer and Gaelic football. He made up the game for cricketers to keep in shape during the off-season (winter). Wills had help from people who included his cousin Henry Colden Harrison, and W.J. Hammersly and J.B. Thompson. This game is now Australian Rules Football. 

Wills grew up with Indigenous Australians. He spoke the language of the people who lived near him and played with the children. It has been suggested that Australian Rules Football is based in part on "Marn Grook", an Aboriginal game with some similar rules to Australian Rules Football. Because the indigenous people Wills played with as a child would have played "Marn Grook", Wills would have been influenced by this game when creating the rules for Australian Rules Football.

Willis was an alcoholic. He committed suicide by stabbing himself in the heart.

Simple Plan (album)

Simple Plan is the third, self-titled studio album by pop punk band Simple Plan.


N-type semiconductor

An N-type semiconductor is a type of material used in electronics. 

It is made by adding an impurity to a pure semiconductor such as silicon or germanium. The impurities used may be phosphorus, arsenic, antimony, bismuth or some other chemical element. They are called donor impurities. 
The impurity is called a "donor" because it gives a free electron to a semiconductor. The purpose of doing this is to make more charge carriers, or electron wires available in the material for conduction. The final material is a lot more conductive than the original silicon or germanium.

Semiconductor materials like silicon and germanium have four electrons in their outer shell. The outer shell of electrons is called the valence shell. The four electrons are used by the semiconductor atom in forming bonds with its neighbouring atoms. This leaves a low number of electrons available for conduction. 

Pentavalent elements are those elements which have five electrons in their outer shell. To make the n-type semiconductor, pentavalent impurities like phosphorus or arsenic are added. Four of the impurities' electrons form bonds with the surrounding silicon atoms. This leaves one electron free. The resulting material has a large number of free electrons. Since electrons are negative charge carriers, the resultant material is called an n-type (or negative type) semiconductor. The pentavalent impurity that is added is called a 'dopant' and the process of addition is called 'doping'.

N-type semiconductors are manufactured by doping pure semiconductor material. The amount of impurity added is very small compared to the amount of semiconductor. The way this new semiconductor works is changed by controlling the quantity of the dopant.



Pay television

Pay television or premium television are subscription-based television services. They are found mainly on cable television or satellite television. Some parts of the world, like France and the US, have also offered encrypted analogue terrestrial signals, available if you pay a subscription.

Plug-in hybrid

A plug-in hybrid car is similar to a conventional hybrid vehicle—both use a gasoline engine as well as an electric motor. A plug-in hybrid differs primarily in that it can be plugged in to charge the batteries, while a conventional hybrid relies solely on energy generated from braking, coasting or from the gasoline engine.

A plug-in hybrid uses larger battery packs that can be recharged by connecting to common household electricity. Plug-in hybrids can be driven for long distances—from a few miles to as much as 40 miles—without using any gasoline. Plug-in hybrid cars are also known as plug-in hybrid electric vehicles or PHEVs. Plug-in hybrid cars that use a gas engine exclusively for recharging batteries—rather than directly powering the wheels—are also called Extended-Range Electric Vehicles or E-REVs.

Fueling a car with electricity is about 5 times cheaper than fueling it with gasoline. That is equivalent to buying gasoline at less than $1 per gallon. It also reduces greenhouse pollution and helps reduce crude oil imports. Also plug-in hybrids produced substantially lower greenhouse gas emissions than either conventional gasoline cars or unplugged hybrids. 

Criticisms of the hybrid include the additional cost, weight, and size of a larger battery pack. But the extra weight of the batteries will be offset somewhat by the reduced weight of the gas engine. 

It is obvious for most people that internal combustion engine cars cannot represent the future anymore because of the oil reserves that are estimated to be finished in forty or fifty years. Obviously, plug-in vehicles cannot be considered a short term option because we lack the needed infrastructure and capable batteries for increasing the autonomy that is currently limited. The general opinion was that, at least for the next seven or eight years, Plug-ins are not going to become the standard in hybrid vehicles and that regular HEVs will have the biggest proportion on the market.

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (or IEEE for short) an international non-profit, professional organization for the advancement of technology related to electricity. It has the most members of any technical professional organization in the world, with more than 400,000 members in more than 160 countries. About 45% of IEEE's members live outside the United States.

It was formed in 1963 by the merger of the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE, founded 1912) and the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE, founded 1884).

The IRE concerned mostly radio engineering. The major interests of the AIEE were wire communications and light and electric power systems. As technology developing, the IRE and the AIEE became difficult to distinguish. And people who belong to both group were increasing gradually. After World War II, the leadership of both the IRE and the AIEE merged the organizations on January 1, 1963.

IEEE says its purpose is "scientific and educational, directed toward the advancement of the theory and practice of electrical, electronics, communications and computer engineering, as well as computer science, the allied branches of engineering and the related arts and sciences." In pursuing these goals, the IEEE serves a major publisher of scientific journals, provides learning opportunities within the engineering sciences, research, and technology and so on.

IEEE consists of 150 countries, 350,000 members, 39 societies, organized around specialized technical fields, with more than 300 local organizations that hold regular meetings. Famous presidents of IEEE and its founding organizations include Elihu Thomson, Alexander Graham Bell, Ernst Weber. In 2008 the president of IEEE was Lewis M. Terman.

IEEE produces 30 percent of the world's literature in the electrical and electronics engineering and computer science fields, publishing well over 100 peer-reviewed journals. The content in these journals and from several hundred annual conferences are available in the IEEE's online digital library.

IEEE is one of the leading standards-making organizations in the world. The IEEE Standards Association (IEEE-SA) makes and maintains standards for the IEEE. IEEE standards affect a wide range of industries including: power and energy, biomedical and healthcare, Information Technology (IT), telecommunications, transportation, nanotechnology, information assurance, and many more. In 2005, IEEE had close to 900 active standards, with 500 standards under development. One of the more notable IEEE standards is the IEEE 802 LAN/MAN group of standards which includes the IEEE 802.3 Ethernet standard and the IEEE 802.11 Wireless Networking standard (Wi-Fi).


Galvanometer

A galvanometer is a type of ammeter. It is an instrument for detecting and measuring electric current. It is named after Luigi Galvani. It is an analog electromechanical transducer that produces a rotary deflection, through a limited arc, in response to electric current flowing through its coil. The term has been expanded to include uses of the same mechanism in recording, positioning, and servomechanism equipment.

The most familiar use is as an analog measuring instrument, often called a meter. It is used to measure the direct current (flow of electric charge) through an electric circuit. The D'Arsonval/Weston form used today is constructed with a small pivoting coil of wire in the field of a permanent magnet. The coil is attached to a thin pointer that traverses a calibrated scale. A tiny torsion spring pulls the coil and pointer to the zero position.

When a direct current (DC) flows through the coil, the coil generates a magnetic field. This field acts against the permanent magnet. The coil twists, pushing against the spring, and moves the pointer. The hand points at a scale indicating the electric current. Careful design of the pole pieces ensures that the magnetic field is uniform, so that the angle of the pointer is proportional to the current. A useful meter generally contains provision for damping the mechanical resonance of the moving coil and pointer, so that the pointer settles quickly to its position without oscillation.

A tangent galvanometer is an early measuring instrument used for the measurement of electric current. It works by using a compass needle to compare a magnetic field generated by the unknown current to the magnetic field of the Earth. It gets its name from its operating principle, the tangent law of magnetism, which states that the tangent of the angle a compass needle makes is proportional to the ratio of the strengths of the two perpendicular magnetic fields. It was first described by Claude Servais Mathias Pouillet in 1837.

A tangent galvanometer consists of a coil of insulated copper wire wound on a circular non-magnetic frame. The frame is mounted vertically on a horizontal base provided with levelling screws. The coil can be rotated on a vertical axis passing through its centre. A compass box is mounted horizontally at the centre of a circular scale. It consists of a tiny, powerful magnetic needle pivoted at the centre of the coil. The magnetic needle is free to rotate in the horizontal plane. The circular scale is divided into four quadrants. Each quadrant is graduated from 0° to 90°. A long thin aluminium pointer is attached to the needle at its centre and at right angle to it. To avoid errors due to parallax a plane mirror is mounted below the compass needle.

Magnetic tape

Magnetic tape is a long and narrow strip of plastic that thin magnetic material is coated on. Nearly all recording tape is of this type, whether used for recording audio or video or computer data storage.

Magnetic tape recording uses magnetic tape which moves on a recording head. Electrical signals are fed to the recording head, inducing a pattern of magnetization similar to the signal. A playback head can then pick up the changes in magnetic field from the tape and convert it into an electrical signal.

Devices that record and playback audio and video using magnetic tape are generally called tape recorders and videotape recorders respectively. A device that stores computer data on magnetic tape can be called a tape drive, a tape unit, or a streamer. Autoloaders and tape libraries are frequently used to automate cartridge handling.

Magnetic tape was first invented for recording sound by Fritz Pfleumer in 1928 in Germany. Pfleumer's invention used an iron oxide(FeO) powder coating on a long strip of paper.

Magnetic tape has been used for data storage for over 50 years. In this time, many advances in tape have been made. Modern magnetic tape is most commonly packaged in cartridges and cassettes. 

Today, many other technologies like CD or DVD are replacing magnetic tape. However, innovation in the technology continues and tape is still widely used.

When storing large amounts of data, tape can be cheaper than disk or other data storage options. Tape storage has always been used with large computer systems. Modern usage is a high capacity medium for backups and archives. As of 2019, the highest capacity tape cartridge can store 330 TB of data without using compression.

Magnetic tape data storage uses the Sequential access method for reading data. Tape has a longer access time than disk for random accesses since the deck must wind the tape to move from one location to another.



Cathode

A cathode is a type of electrode through which electrons move. Electrodes are an electrical conductor (usually a metal) that is connected to something that is not a metal. Electric current is a flow of charges through a conductor. There are two theories; one theory is conventional current flow and the other is actual current flow. The anode delivers conventional (or customary) current (which travels in the opposite direction as electrons) and the cathode receives that current. This means that electrons come out of the anode and electrons go into the cathode. 

This lets an electric current go into an electrical device such as a battery or other electrical cell. It can also end in a vacuum, like in a cathode ray tube. In this case, the electrons may go into open space.

In other words, a cathode is a positive electrode on a battery and a negative electrode on an electrolytic cell. Electric current is perceived as flowing in the opposite direction that the electrons are flowing. So electrons go into the + (positive) terminal of a battery, but electric current goes out. Electrons go into the + (positive) terminal of an electrolytic cell, but electric current goes out.

An electrode through which electrons flows out of the device is termed a cathode because it is negatively charged. A cathode is a negative electrode on a battery and a negative electrode on an electrolytic cell.



United States Army Reserve

The United States Army Reserve is the reserve force of the United States Army. People in the reserve forces are not full-time soldiers, they also have a civilian career. The reserve forces of the US Army are made of the US Army reserve and the Army National Guard.
The Army Reserve was formed in 1908 to provide a reserve of medical officers to the Army. After the First World War Congress reorganized the U.S. land forces. The National Defence Act of 4 June 1920 authorized a Regular Army, a National Guard, and an Organized Reserve (Officers Reserve Corps and Enlisted Reserve Corps) of unrestricted size. The Organized Reserve later became the Army Reserve.

Electrical telegraph

The electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electric signals. This is a signalling system where an operator makes and breaks an electrical contact with a telegraph key which results in an audible signal at the other end produced by a telegraph sounder which is interpreted and transcribed by a human operator.

Carl Friedrich Gauss and Wilhelm Weber installed a 1,200m long wire above the town of Göttingen's roofs. They were allowed to do this on 6 May 1833. Carl August Steinheil was able to build a telegraph network in 1835–1836. He installed a telegraph line along the first German railroad in 1835.

The telegraph had a transmitting device which had a keyboard with 16 black-and-white keys. These served for switching the electric current.

Dr. David Alter created it one year before the much more popular Morse telegraph was invented. Alter demonstrated it publicly.

In the United States, the telegraph was developed by Samuel Morse and Alfred Vail. Morse created an electrical telegraph in 1837. His version was a design that could transmit over long distances using poor quality wire. Vail, his assistant, developed the Morse code signalling alphabet with Morse.


Calvados

Calvados is a French department in Lower Normandy.

Knol

Knol was a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics. The project was announced on December 13, 2007 and opened in beta to the public on July 23, 2008. When it was opened, there were a few hundred articles mostly about health and medicine.

Knol pages were "meant to be the first thing someone who searches for this topic for the first time will want to read", according to Manber. The term "knol", which Google defined as a "unit of knowledge", refers to both the project and an article in the project. Some experts saw Knol as Google's attempt to compete with Wikipedia, while others point out the differences between the projects.

The project was closed on April 30, 2012, and all content was deleted after October 1, 2012.

Anyone could create and own new knols. There can also be several articles on the same topic, each written by a different author. Because multiple articles can have the same title, readers find a topic by searching, rather than just by title. The authors can say who can edit their articles: the public, other authors, or only themselves. They could choose to include ads from Google's AdSense to their knols. Knol has a policy that specifies topics that are unacceptable for the project. Relevant nudity is allowed (in most countries), but pornography, commercial or otherwise, is forbidden. Also forbidden is discriminatory or violent content. Content designed to promote businesses, products or services is allowed, but articles without real content, created solely to generate ad revenue are not.

In its early stages of development Knol was criticised. Commentators called it a "wasteland" of articles copied from other sources, entries that were outdated or abandoned, as well as spam or self-promotion. It was criticized for having incomplete and inaccurate articles. Google said that "Since knol authors receive attribution, knols are a great forum for expressing your opinions." In October 2008, Google unveiled using Knols as a forum for debate, and enabled French, Italian and German versions, in the face of stagnating traffic.

Anyone who wanted to contribute to Knol must first sign in, with a Google account, with their real name. If permission is given, Google will check if the name is true. Google did this by credit card or phone. Google "[believes] that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content". The company hoped that "knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line".

Readers logged in with a google account could comment on entries, rate them or suggest changes. When the project was announced, Manber said that "Google will not serve as an editor in any way, and will not bless any content. All editorial responsibilities and control will rest with the authors."

Knol has "nofollow" outgoing links, using an HTML directive. This prevents links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings.

People described Knol as a rival to other encyclopedia sites such as Wikipedia and Scholarpedia. Sometimes people pointed out that the format was very different, and therefore it might be an addition to these sites. It might allow to get around some of the problems of Wikipedia. The non-profit Wikimedia Foundation, which owns the name Wikipedia and the servers hosting the Wikipedia projects, welcomed the Google Knol initiative saying that "The more good free content, the better for the world." 

There was debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest. According to Danny Sullivan, the editor of "Search Engine Land", "Google’s goal of making Knol pages easy to find on search engines could conflict with its need to remain unbiased." Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, raised similar concerns: "At the end of the day, there's a fundamental conflict between the business Google is in and its social goals. What you're seeing here, slowly, is Google embracing an advertising-driven model, in which money will have a greater impact on what people have ready access to."


Criticism of Wikipedia

Wikipedia is a large, popular free encyclopedia written by volunteers. There is some criticism of Wikipedia.

Wikipedia editors know that the site should not be used as a primary source for research. A librarian, whose name is Philip Bradley, said Wikipedia does not have authority. For a printed encyclopedia, the people writing it have to make sure the information is correct, or they could lose their job. Some people say calling Wikipedia an "encyclopedia" means that people trust it even when they should not trust it. Some librarians, academics, and writers of other encyclopedias do not like Wikipedia as a source of information. Many schools and universities do not accept Wikipedia as a source, except most of them do not want "any" encyclopedias used - they want primary sources instead.

Kat Walsh, a person in the Wikimedia Foundation (which runs Wikipedia), said Wikipedia was easier when it was made. Today, there are many rules and it is more difficult for new people to change articles. Many people who change Wikipedia have stopped, and the number of article changers have gone down since 2006. In 2006, Jimmy Wales said most of changes on Wikipedia are made by about 500 people who "all know each other". But most of the changes are made by people who sometimes change articles, or who do not have Wikipedia accounts at all.

On some articles, many people bother each other. Sometimes good arguments are ignored because they are not popular with the article changers.

To stop vandalism, some people have administration powers. People with administration powers can delete articles, stop a change on an article, and stop users. There are special rules to stop people with administrative powers from taking too much control, but the ideas of people with administration powers can be over the ideas of other people.




Smile, It's the End of the World

Smile, it's the End of the World is the second album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson. It was released on April 4, 2006.


Letters to the President

Letters to the President is the first album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson. It was released on October 4, 2005.


Tonbridge Grammar School

Tonbridge Grammar School (or just TGS) is a well known grammar school in Tonbridge, Kent. It has about 1050 students who are 11-18 years old. The school was called "Tonbridge Grammar School For Girls" until 2002, when boys were allowed into the 6 form.

Tonbridge Grammar School started in 1905 on the top floor of the Tonbridge Library with only 13 pupils. The teacher and headmistress was called Mrs Taylor. In 1913 the school moved to the site in Deakin Leas as the school was growing quickly and the library was not big enough.

These are the buildings found at TGS today:


Rechargeable battery

A rechargeable battery, also called a storage battery or a secondary cell, is a battery that can be recharged over and over again with electricity. A battery that is not rechargeable is called a primary cell or disposable battery. It is thrown away after it no longer works. The voltage of rechargeable batteries can be restored by passing an electric current through the battery. Car batteries, for example, work this way.. 

Rechargeable batteries are not always chosen. Each battery costs more to make, and has more dangerous chemicals than disposable batteries.

Rechargeable batteries can be used for many smaller electronics such as MP3 players and flashlights. Almost all mobile phones and laptop computers use them. They are also used for car batteries.



2005 Pacific hurricane season

The 2005 Pacific hurricane season was a slightly inactive season that produced 17 tropical cyclones. It officially started on May 15 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally delimit the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean. The first tropical cyclone, Hurricane Adrian, developed on May 17, while the last storm Tropical Depression Sixteen-E, dissipated on October 20. During the year, a total of 17 tropical cyclones, 15 tropical storms, 7 hurricanes and 2 major hurricanes formed. The most intense hurricane, Hurricane Kenneth remained out over open waters for the duration of its existence. However, the remnants of the storm caused minor flooding on the Island of Hawaii. September was the most active month of the year, as 6 of the 17 tropical cyclones formed during this time. 

The pre-season forecast from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration called for 11-15 named storms and 6-8 hurricanes, of which 2-4 were expected to attain major hurricane status.

Very few storms impacted land throughout the season. Hurricane Adrian was the only landfalling system. It struck El Salvador as a dissipating tropical depression after rapidly weakening from hurricane status. Flooding in Nicaragua caused the only fatality during the season. Tropical Storm Dora and Hurricane Hilary brought tropical storm force winds to coastal Mexico, although no damage was reported. The remnants Tropical Depression One-C caused heavy rainfall on the Island of Hawaii, peaking at 8.8 in (223.52 mm). Hawaii was also affected by the remnants of Hurricane Kenneth which also caused heavy rains on the Island of Hawaii. The combined storms caused very little damage and only one fatality.

2007 Pacific hurricane season

The 2007 Pacific hurricane season was a below average Pacific hurricane season with only one major hurricane. It officially started on May 15, 2007 in the eastern Pacific, designated as the area east of 140°W, and on June 1 2007 in the central Pacific, which is between the International Date Line and 140°W, and lasted until November 30, 2007. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Pacific basin.

The season began slowly; through the end of July, the seasonal ACE was the third lowest since the geostationary satellite era began in 1966. The inactivity continued through the next month, which was the third quietest August in terms of ACE since reliable records began in the basin in 1971. Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused $55 million (2007 USD) in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation. In August, Hurricane Flossie formed in the Eastern Pacific and crossed into the Central Pacific, threatening Hawaii but causing little damage. In early September, Hurricane Henriette dropped heavy rainfall in southwest Mexico, which caused nine fatalities and $25 million (2007 USD) in damage.

No names were retired in 2007.

Government of Balochistan, Pakistan

Government of Balochistan is based in the largest province of Pakistan in Quetta. The head of the province is the Governor, who is nominated by the President of Pakistan. While the head of the Government of Balochistan is the Chief Minister who is elected by the Balochistan Assembly.

Klingon language

The Klingon language ("codice_1", ) is a language that was made for the Klingons in the "Star Trek" universe. It is a constructed language, not one that developed naturally. Only a few people can speak the Klingon language well enough to talk in it. The Klingon Language Institute helps people learn Klingon.

The first Klingon words were made by the actor James Doohan in 1979 for the . When they made the third movie in 1984, Gene Roddenberry wanted to have a real language for the Klingons. Marc Okrand, a linguist (a language scientist) made the Klingon language. He has written some books about the Klingon language.

Marc Okrand wanted the language to be as complicated as possible. He did this to make it sound very alien. The word order in a sentence is always object-verb-subject. This is the opposite of English's word order, which is subject-verb-object. The English sentence "I see the cat" is said as "the cat see I" in Klingon.

This language uses affixation to denote the subject and negation:
When writing in Klingon, some letters are always in uppercase and some are lowercase. This never changes because the letters are spoken differently when they are written differently.

Chief minister

A chief minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national or constituent federal state. Leaders with this role are usually elected in India or Australia.

Government of Punjab, Pakistan

The Government of Punjab is a Provincial government in Pakistan. It is based in Lahore, the capital of the PUNJAB Province.

Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is based in the city of Peshawar, the provincial capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan.

The chief minister of kpk is ( Mahmood khan).
Chief secretary is M.Salim.
Governor of kpk is ( Shah Farman).
I.G kpk is ( M.Naaem Khan).
Chief Minister of Education is Shafqat Mehmood.
Judge of High court is Waqar Ahmed Saith.
Government of Sindh

The Government of Sindh is based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.


Lentil soup

Lentil soup ( "shorbit adas" or "shurba al-'adas", , "nezid adashim") is a soup. It is served hot and made with lentils. It is popular all over the Middle East. Usually it is a vegetarian soup, but can also be made with meat stock. Red or green lentils may be used and in some recipes the lentils are boiled with vegetables such as carrots, potatoes, parsley and onion, and then pureed. Things commonly added include garlic, cumin, and lemon juice. Sometimes croutons are added to make it look good.

Lentil soup is mentioned in the Bible: In Genesis 25:34, Esau is prepared to give up his birthright for a pot of fragrant red lentil soup being cooked by his brother, Jacob. 

The ancient Greek dramatist, Aristophanes, mentions lentil soup in his plays: He describes it as the "sweetest of delicacies."

Lentil soup was once a food for the poor. Today, it is recognized as highly nutritious and provides a good source of protein, fiber, iron and potassium.

Blizzard of Ozz

Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by Ozzy Osbourne, recorded in Surrey, UK and released on September 20, 1980 in the UK and on January 15, 1981 in the U.S..

This is Ozzy's first solo album. The tracks "Crazy Train" and "Mr. Crowley" were released as singles. "Crazy Train" peaked at #9 on the Mainstream Rock Charts.

"Blizzard of Ozz" remains Osbourne's highest-selling album to date, selling over 4.1 million copies in the U.S. alone.

The album reached #21 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart, and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s.

All songs written by Ozzy Osbourne, Randy Rhoads, and Bob Daisley except where noted.






Nightgown

A nightgown or nightdress is a gown worn for sleeping. It is usually loose-fitting. There are different lengths, hip-length (called "baby-doll"), floor-length (called "négligée") or knee-length.

Men wore them until about the 1940s when they changed to pajamas. Today, they are mostly worn by women.

Bolted joint

Bolted joints are very common in construction and machine design. They are "cap screws" or "studs" that grab and join other parts, and are secured by screw threads.

Lyman Hall

Lyman Hall (April 12, 1724– October 19, 1790) was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia. Hall County is named after him.

Button Gwinnett

Button Gwinnett (baptized: April 10, 1735 – May 19, 1777), was second of the signatories (first signature on the left) on the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia. He was also briefly the provisional president of Georgia in 1777, and Gwinnett County (now a major suburb of metro Atlanta) was named after him.

William Ellery

William Ellery (December 22, 1727–February 15, 1820), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as one of two representatives from Rhode Island his signature is located 4 names below John Adams. 

Some of his descendants were William Ellery Channing, Richard Henry Dana, Edie Sedgwick and actress Kyra Sedgwick and Jadriene M. Ellery. Ellery Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island is named in his honor.

William Floyd

William Floyd (December 17, 1734–August 4, 1821), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of New York.

There are several places and institutions named after William Floyd, they include:




Among his descendants are cinematographer Floyd Crosby and rock singer David Crosby. A second cousin twice removed was Abraham Lincoln.

George Clymer

George Clymer (March 16, 1739 – January 23, 1813) was an American politician, Founding Father, war veteran and slave owner.

He was one of the first Patriots to advocate complete independence from Britain in the United States of America.

As a Pennsylvania representative, Clymer was, along with only five others, a signer of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution.

George Clymer attended the Continental Congress and served in political office until the end of his life.

The battle started around 9:17 PM on the 23rd of January, 1813, with the British having around 500.000 Red Coats defending Castle Brexit, with 400.000 British reinforcements a few kilometers away. The French and the T-Rexes rushed the castle, but both the French and T-Rex armies had to split, with the T-Rexes to fight the French and the other flank to rush the British, while the French split to rush the British and the largest army to fight Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris defeated the French, while the T-Rexes and the other French flank breached the walls of Castle Brexit around 21:26. The Impostor Vyščín was reported dead around 21:29, and at 21:31 two nukes were dropped which cut down a large number of French forces and British defences. Following 21:32, the French besieged the Castle Gates, cutting down anyone that came out. By now the T-Rexes all died out. Around 21:34 Chuck Norris spawned a Tsunami which launched him in the air and flooded the British walls, which wiped out a large number of the French army. With the French unit besieging one of the breaches defeated, some British forces left to fight outside the gates. But during 21:35 - 21:36 a tsunami spawned in the middle of the castle which flooded all of the castle's walls killing a lot of British soldiers and destroying aa lot of catapults, with only one of the places with a breach in the wall being safe. Around 21:37 four Frenchmen betrayed their two British traitor-friends just outside of the gates, and were executed by one British corporal called Katsper. Around 21:38 a nuke-sized explosion was created on the French army by Chuck Norris, using his masculine powers. Around 21:39 another tsunami spawned, this time way larger, in the middle of Castle Brexit. Most of the British army was wiped out in the tsunami, as well as parts of the French army. Fighting continued with nukes being dropped on a few armies, with the British army being reduced to around 676 and the French army to 21256. At 21:41 a final French offensive was launched on the water-filled Castle Brexit, and they took the walls which were dry. Nukes cut down their army to 114 around 21:42, and they were drowning or being killed. The last French soldier died around 21:42, with only 572 British soldiers surviving, and Chuck Norris got kind of bored and just left after killing George Clymer.


Abraham Clark

Abraham Clark (February 15, 1725 – September 15, 1794) was an American politician and Revolutionary War figure. He was delegate for New Jersey to the Continental Congress where he signed the Declaration of Independence and later served in the United States House of Representatives in both the Second and Third United States Congress, from March 4, 1791, until his death in 1794.

Charles Carroll of Carrollton

Charles Carroll of Carrollton (September 19, 1737 – November 14 1832) was a delegate to the Continental Congress and later United States Senator for Maryland. He was the only Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence. He was the longest lived signer of the Declaration of Independence and the Continental Congress, dying at the age of 95.

He was a rich planter. Although he opposed slavery he had slaves.

Cotidianul

Cotidianul is a Romanian newspaper. It is published from Monday to Saturday in Berliner format. It was started by Ion Raţiu. The first issue was published on May 10, 1991. 

Samuel Huntington (Connecticut politician)

Samuel Huntington (July 16, 1731 - January 5, 1796) was an American jurist, statesman, and revolutionary leader from Connecticut. He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress where he signed the Declaration of Independence, as Governor of Connecticut, and later as the first President of the United States in Congress Assembled, that is, the presiding officer of the Congress of the Confederation, the sole governing body of the first central government of the United States of America. His office was not that of today's President of the United States, which is a federal chief executive position created under the later United States Constitution.

Francis Hopkinson

Francis Hopkinson (September 21, 1737 – May 9, 1791) designed the first flag of the United States. He was also an American author, poet, and signer of the Declaration of Independence as a delegate from New Jersey.

Francis Hopkinson gave his help to the second committee that designed the Great Seal of the United States. This is the same seal that is now impressed upon the reverse of the United States one-dollar bill.

Stephen Hopkins (politician)

Stephen Hopkins (March 7, 1707 – July 13, 1785) was an American political leader from Rhode Island who signed the Declaration of Independence. He served as the Chief Justice and Governor of colonial Rhode Island and was a Delegate to the Colonial Congress in Albany in 1754 and to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1776.

William Hooper

William Hooper (June 17, 1742–October 14, 1790), was an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777. Hooper was also a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.

Thomas Heyward Jr.

Thomas Heyward, Jr. (July 28, 1746 – March 6, 1809), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and of the Articles of Confederation as a representative of South Carolina.

John Hart

John Hart (c. 1711 – May 11, 1779) was a Delegate from New Jersey to the Continental Congress and a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.

Benjamin Harrison V

Benjamin Harrison V (April 5, 1726– April 24, 1791) was an American revolutionary leader from Charles City County, Virginia. He was educated at the College of William and Mary. Harrison was a representative for Surry County, Virginia (1756-1758) and Charles City County (1766-1776) to the House of Burgesses. He was a Virginia delegate to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1777, signed the Declaration of Independence, and was Governor of Virginia from 1781 to 1784.



Government of France

The government of France is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the French fifth Republic. The nation declares itself to be "an indivisible, secular, democratic, and social Republic" in it. The constitution provides for a separation of powers. It proclaims France's "attachment to the Rights of Man and the principles of national sovereignty defined by the Declaration of 1789."
France has 3 branches of government.

Advanced Placement Program

The Advanced Placement Program, or AP, is a program that offers higher level school classes for high school students in Canada and the United States. "Good Schools Guide International" says it is "much more difficult than most classes", although it is not as difficult as the IB program.

After World War II, the Ford Foundation gave money to committees studying education. The program was started at Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio, by the then college president Gordon Chalmers which was then called the "Kenyon Plan". The first study was conducted by three preparatory schools—the Lawrenceville School, Phillips Academy, and Phillips Exeter Academy—and three universities—Harvard University, Princeton University, and Yale University. In 1952 they gave the report "General Education in School and College: A Committee Report" which said to allow high school seniors to study college level material and to take achievement examinations that allowed them to get college credit for this work. The second committee, the Committee on Admission with Advanced Standing, developed and put the plan to choose a curriculum. A pilot program was run in 1952 which covered eleven disciplines.

The College Board, a non-profit organization based in New York City, has run the AP program since 1955. From 1965 to 1989, Harlan Hanson was the director of the Advanced Placement Program. It makes and keeps guidelines for the teaching of higher level courses in various subject areas. In addition, it supports teachers of AP courses and universities. These activities are funded through fees charged to students taking AP Exams.

In 2006, over one million students took over two million Advanced Placement examinations. Many high schools in the United States offer AP courses, though the College Board allows any student to take any examination, regardless of participation in the course. Therefore, home-schooled students and students from schools that do not offer AP courses have an equal opportunity to take the examination.

As of the 2011 testing season, exams cost $87 each, though the cost may reduced for poor students who cannot pay for it. The exam reduction is $22 per exam from College Board plus an additional $8 rebate per fee-reduced exam from the school. There may be further discounts depending on the state. Out of the $87, $8 goes directly to the school to pay for the administration of the test, which some schools will reduce to lower the cost to the student.

On April 3, 2008, the College Board announced that four AP courses – French Literature, Latin Literature, Computer Science AB, and Italian Language and Culture – will be gone after the 2008–2009 school year due to no money.

Advanced Placement coursework is made to be very hard for average high school students. Most AP courses are sufficient preparation for the AP exams that students can take at the end of the year. If students do well on these exams, they can skip the introductory courses in college.

The academic benefit of AP coursework, aside from being able to pass out of college courses with good AP exam scores, is that students get an extra GPA (Grade Point Average) point particularly for that class. An A+ or A in regular US History, for example, will factor in 4.0 GPA points to a student's grade; however, an A+ or A in AP US History would factor in 5.0 GPA points, which would improve that student's grade a lot.

AP courses are not required to go to college however, most students who apply to picky colleges and universities like Stanford University and MIT take multiple AP courses in high school. They do this for various purposes:

AP tests are scored on a 1 to 5 scale as follows:
Grading the AP exam takes a long time. The multiple choice part is graded by a computer and the essays are scored by a group of teachers that do not teach at the student's school.

Students usually find out what they got on the test until the middle of July .

Some students who do well on their AP exams may be allowed to skip a few classes in college. Generally, if a student gets a 4 or 5, then their university will award them credit; some colleges will also take a 3.


Paramilitary forces of Pakistan

The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan's national interests. They protect from threats that could come from other countries, like from India over the border dispute of Kashmir. They also protect citizens from threats that could come from inside the country. These threats started in 1971. They are currently made up from more than 300,000 workers.

Some divisions of the force are now incorporated under other organisations. For example, the Northern Light Infantry was a paramilitary force until 1999, when it became part of the Pakistan Army.

Pakistan Coast Guards

Pakistan Coast Guard () (PCG), is responsible for the law at sea, maintenance of seamarks, border control, and other services. The Coast Guards work mainly on rivers and land, in contrast to the Navy who handle deep sea operations. The Coast Guards handle smugglers and terrorists and enforce law on beaches and other coastal areas. The PCG has a fleet of 23 small craft but the exact number of personnel assigned to the PCG remains a secret.

Minority group

A minority or subordinate group is a group that does not make up most of the population of a society. For example: minor group of religion, race, language, LGBT, and persons with disabilities. 

A minority is not always a minority of numbers — it may be any group that is not normal with respect to a leading group in terms of social status, education, employment, wealth, and political power, and can be an object of discrimination. For example, women may be considered a minority even if there are as many women as men because they have less power than men.

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights by United Nations protects the right of minority group in Article 27 and Council of Europe also affirms protection for them. 


Ruskie

Ruskie is a village in Scotland. Location: 

Aberfoyle, Stirling

Aberfoyle is a village in Scotland. It is in the Stirling council area.

Aberfoyle

Aberfoyle may mean:

Puslinch, Ontario

Puslinch is a township in south-central Ontario, Canada, in the County of Wellington south of Guelph. Aberfoyle was first settled in the 1840s and is named for Aberfoyle, Scotland. It is the administrative centre for Puslinch.

Ardchyle

Ardchyle is a small village in Scotland. It is in the Stirling council area.

Ardeonaig

Ardeonaig is a village in Scotland. It is in the Stirling council area.

Stirling (council area)

Stirling ("Sruighlea" in Gaelic) is one of the 32 unitary local government council areas of Scotland, and has a population of about 85,000.


Arnprior, Stirling

Arnprior is a village in Scotland. It is in the Stirling council area.

Fintry

Fintry is a small village in central Scotland, nestled in the strath of the Endrick Water in the Campsie Fells some 35 km north of Glasgow. It is part of Stirling District. As of the 2001 census, Fintry and the surrounding rural area had a population of 2300 people.

Rowardennan

Rowardennan (Gaelic: "Rubha Aird Eònain") is a small hamlet on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in Scotland.

Strathblane

Strathblane (Scottish Gaelic: Strath Bhlàthain ) is a village and parish at the extreme south of the Stirling council area, in central Scotland.

Thornhill, Stirling

Thornhill is a village in the Scottish council area of Stirling. It lies 14 miles from Stirling itself, south of Callander, east of Aberfoyle and west of Doune.

The 2001 census population for the area covered by the Thornhill and Blairdrummond Community Council is 1,109.

Tyndrum

Tyndrum ("Taigh an Droma" in Gaelic) is a small village in Scotland.

Biggar

Biggar may mean:





Hamilton

Hamilton might mean:





Blantyre, South Lanarkshire

Blantyre () is a burgh in South Lanarkshire, Scotland with a population of about 17,000.

Bothwell

Bothwell is a small town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, that lies on the right bank of the River Clyde, adjacent to Hamilton and nine miles east-south-east of Glasgow. It is predominantly a residential town.

Burnside, South Lanarkshire

Burnside is an area of South Lanarkshire. It is part of The Royal Burgh of Rutherglen and Greater Glasgow. It borders with Cambuslang, Blairbeth, Fernhill and Eastfield.

Uddingston

Uddingston is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, on the north side of the River Clyde, approximately seven miles to the south-east of Glasgow.

East Kilbride

East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland. It is Scotland's first new town, and lies on high ground on the south side of the Cathkin Braes, about southeast of Glasgow city centre. The Rotten Calder river flows along the east side of the settlement, northwards toward the River Clyde. The town is also known as the Polo Mint city due to its many roundabouts.

One of the most significant buildings of an earlier phase of development was Dollan Baths leisure complex (opened 1968) which has Grade A listed status.



Fairhill, Hamilton, Scotland

Fairhill is an area in the town of Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.

They have schools, churches, a civic centre, a library and shopping places.

TNA X Division Championship

The TNA X Division Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). The championship is defended by wrestlers in the X Division, meaning high flyers and cruiserweights. The championship debuted on June 19, 2002 at the taping of TNA's second weekly pay-per-view (PPV) event.

The current champion is Chris Sabin who is in his tenth reign. Sabin defeated Lio Rush on the September 9, 2023 Impact tapings to become the champion.


WWE Hardcore Championship

The WWF Hardcore Championship is a former championship for World Wrestling Federation. The first champion was crowned when the championship was awarded to Mankind by Vince McMahon. It was defended always in some sort of Hardcore match due to its name. When Crash Holly won the title however, he started what became known as the 24/7 rule. Which means the title was being defended at all times. Anyone could surprise the title holder and pin him to become the new champion anywhere, as long as a Referee was present. The last official champion was Rob Van Dam when he won the title from Tommy Dreamer to unify the title with the WWF Intercontinental Championship.

When Crash Holly won the belt, he introduced the 24/7 rule which said the belt was to be defended at all times, as long as a referee was present. This allowed for many comic relief moments, such as the belt changing hands while the champion was asleep, and The Headbangers chasing Crash Holly around an amusement park in Brooklyn (Holly eventually escaped from a ball pit and ran from the building, still the champion).

The title was unified with the Intercontinental Championship on August 26, 2002, when Intercontinental Champion Rob Van Dam defeated Hardcore Champion Tommy Dreamer. This was one month after Van Dam defeated Jeff Hardy in a Ladder match to unify the Intercontinental and European Championships.


Spoonman

"Spoonman" is a song by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It is from their fourth studio album "Superunknown", which was released in 1994. The song describes Artie the Spoonman, a real-life musician who makes music with spoons. He was also featured in the song's music video. "Spoonman" won the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance at the 1995 Grammy Awards.

808s &amp; Heartbreak

808s and Heartbreak is the fourth studio album by American rapper and producer Kanye West. It was released on November 24, 2008. Four singles were released from it. The first single was "Love Lockdown". The album is different to West's earlier albums; it is mainly a hip hop, electronica and R&B album instead of a more "traditional hip hop album" and its songs are sung through an Auto-Tune processor instead of rapped.

Credits for "808s & Heartbreak" adapted from AllMusic.

Watchmen

Watchmen is a Hugo Award-winning graphic novel. It was written by Alan Moore, illustrated by Dave Gibbons, and published by DC Comics from 1986–1987. In 2005, "Time" magazine listed "Watchmen" as one "the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to the present".

Watchmen is set in an alternate history during the 1980s. The United States is about to enter a nuclear war with the Soviet Union. Earlier, superheroes helped the United States win the Vietnam War. Now, superheroes work for the government (Doctor Manhattan, The Comedian), are retired (Nite Owl, Adrian Veidt/Ozymandias, Silk Spectre), or work illegally (Rorschach).

After The Comedian is murdered, the other superheroes work together to figure out the killer's identity. In the beginning, Rorschach believes other superheroes are in danger and warns them. Soon after, Doctor Manhattan leaves Earth for Mars, creating more turmoil. Nite Owl starts to believe Rorschach. Together they discover Adrian Veidt has murdered The Comedian and framed Doctor Manhattan to protect his plan. Veidt says he wants to fake an alien invasion to avoid an atomic war.

By this time, Veidt's plan has already occurred. Many New York City residents have been killed. Doctor Manhattan kills Rorschach, the only superhero who wanted to reveal Veidt's secret. All living superheroes have now retired. The world is unified.

Vocalion Records

Vocalion Records was a record label which made records in the United States and in the United Kingdom. 



Municipalities of Belgium

Belgium is made of 581 municipalities (Dutch: "gemeenten", French: "communes", German: "Gemeinden"). These municipalities are grouped into ten provinces (five belonging to the Flemish Region with 300 municipalities, five to the Walloon Region with 262 municipalities), and the Brussels-Capital Region (with 19 municipalities).

Usually, municipalities are the smallest subdivisions of Belgium, but in municipalities with more than 100,000 people living there, they get divided into districts ().


Provinces of Belgium

Belgium is divided into three regions (Flemish Region, Walloon Region and Brussels-Capital Region), two of them are subdivided into five provinces each.

Because the German-speaking Community is found in the Province of Liège, people want a third province: the Province of Eupen-Sankt Vith, which would be made up of the 9 municipalities of the German-speaking Community.


Mikhail Nesterov

Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov () (, Ufa – 18 October 1942, Moscow) was a Russian painter. He was a very important painter for religious symbolism in Russian art. He studied under Pavel Tchistyakov at the Imperial Academy of Arts. Later, he felt attracted to the group of artists known as the Peredvizhniki. His canvas "The Vision of the Youth Bartholomew" (1890–91) is often considered to mark the inauguration of the Russian Symbolist movement. This painting shows the conversion of Sergii Radonezhsky. From 1890 to 1910, Nesterov lived in Kiev and St Petersburg, working on frescoes in St. Vladimir's Cathedral and the Church on Spilt Blood, respectively. After 1910, he spent the rest of his life in Moscow, working in the Marfo-Mariinsky Convent. As a devout Orthodox Christian, he did not accept the Bolshevik Revolution but remained in Russia until his death, painting the portraits of Ivan Ilyin, Ivan Pavlov, Otto Schmidt, and Vera Mukhina, among others.


AMC Gremlin

AMC Gremlin was a car produced by American Motors from 1970 through 1978.

Manichaeism

Manichaeism (in Modern Persian "Āyin e Māni") was one of the major Iranian Gnostic and dualist religions. Originally, it came from commoners in the Sassanid Empire. Most of the original writings of the founding prophet Mani (Syriac, , c. AD 210–276) have been lost, but many translations and fragmentary texts have survived. Manichaeism was big between the third and seventh centuries. At its height, it was one of the most widespread religions in the world. Manichaean churches and scriptures existed as far east as China and as far west as the Roman Empire. Manichaeism appears to have died out before the sixteenth century in southern China.

The original six sacred books of Manichaeism were written in Syriac. They were soon translated into other languages to help spread the religion. As they spread to the east, the Manichaean writings passed through Middle Persian, Parthian, Sogdian, and ultimately Uyghur and Chinese translations. As they spread to the west, they were translated into Greek, Coptic, and Latin. The spread and success of Manichaeism were seen as a threat to other religions, and it was widely persecuted in Christian, Zoroastrian, and later, Islamic areas.

Ford Windstar

The Ford Windstar was a minivan produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 through 2003 in two generations.

The Windstar was replaced by the Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey in 2004. 

LDV Convoy

LDV Convoy is a van and minibus made by LDV Limited from 1996 to 2006.

Between 2000-2005 the model was improved at the front and back, It had a transparent front and back headlights.

In 2006 the Convoy was replaced by the LDV Maxus.


Ford Freestar

The Ford Freestar was a minivan produced by Ford Motor Company from 2004 through 2007. Ford claimed it was "all-new", but it was just a modern version of the Ford Windstar minivan. The name changed because Ford wanted to start every car name with the letter "F". (Other cars named like this were the Ford Five Hundred and Ford Fusion.)
The Freestar had room for seven people inside. It was front-wheel drive like the Ford Windstar and its sibling the Mercury Monterey. The Freestar and Monterey minivan had nearly the same platform as the Windstar.
The Freestar and Monterey minivan didn't sell too well because people were buying SUV's instead. This caused them both to stop being produced. Ford made the Ford Flex in 2008 to replace the Freestar and Monterey minivan. The Flex had a new design which did not look like the Freestar or Monterey minivan any more.

Cambuslang

Cambuslang (Scottish Gaelic for Camas Long from "camas" - river bend, "long" - ship) is a town on the south-eastern outskirts of Glasgow, Scotland located within the local authority area of South Lanarkshire. It is known as "the largest village in Scotland", with a population of around 24,500.

Rigside

Rigside is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, about 5 miles from the town of Lanark, and less than a mile from Douglas Water. It lies on the A70 road to Ayr. Rigside used to be a mining village.

Rigside has approximately 800 inhabitants.

Lesmahagow

Lesmahagow (Gaelic: "Lios MoChuda") is a small town on the edge of moorland, near Lanark in the central belt of Scotland, and is also known as Abbey Green. In 2021 the population of the village was around 4310.

The ruins of a 12th century church are located in the village. The village is also the headquarters of the Scottish branch of the International Society of Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON).



Larkhall

Larkhall is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, and is around 18 miles southeast of Glasgow. It had a population of 15,549 recorded in the 2001 census, and is a typical west of Scotland industrial town.

Strathaven

Strathaven (; ; from , meaning: valley of the Avon) is a small town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The town has was granted a Royal Charter in 1450, making the Town of Strathaven a Burgh of Barony. The current estimated population is 7,500.

The town is located on the edge of the strath of the Avon Water, around from Hamilton and from Glasgow. The A71, which connects Edinburgh and Kilmarnock passes through the town. In the 2001 census the town had a population of 7,700. Strathaven has one secondary school and three primary schools - Kirklandpark Primary, Wester Overton Primary, and St Patrick's Primary. It also has a grass airfield about to the north west on Lethame Road.

Strathaven had, at various times, three railway stations.

Strathaven is home to several sports clubs, which include:




Stonehouse, South Lanarkshire

Stonehouse is a small rural village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is on Avon Water in an area of natural beauty and historical interest, near to the Clyde Valley.

Rutherglen

Rutherglen (pronounced: ruh-ther-glen) is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. "Rutherglen" comes from the Gaelic "An Ruadh Ghleann", meaning "the red valley". In 1975, it lost its own local council and administratively became a component of the City of Glasgow. In 1996 Rutherglen was reallocated to the South Lanarkshire council area.
Rutherglen remains the oldest royal burgh in Scotland, being more than 500 years older than Glasgow. It was a centre of heavy industry, having a long coal mining tradition which died out by 1950, and was until the 1960s home to the infamous White's chemical works, which was responsible for huge swathes of the area from southern Glasgow across to the town of Cambuslang being polluted with chromium waste. Rutherglen, and most of the towns encircling the city, are now dormitory suburbs of Glasgow.

Ford Taurus

The Ford Taurus was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1986 through 2006. In 2008 Ford sold a rebadged Ford Five Hundred as the Taurus. They also renamed the Ford Freestyle crossover CUV as the “Taurus X”. These cars were produced through the 2015 model year. For 2016 Ford showed a new luxury version of the Taurus. But this version was only sold in China. Ford ended production of the Taurus shortly after due to falling sales and increased demand for crossover models and SUV's.

The Ford Taurus has had several different changes to the way it was built. Each different version is called a "Generation". 

Aberdeenshire

Aberdeenshire () is the name of both a county and of one of the 32 unitary council areas in Scotland. The two are not the same area.

Aberdeenshire stretches from the east coast of Scotland up into the mountains. It is between Kincardineshire and Angus (south) and Banffshire (west). Aberdeen is the county town.

Aberdeenshire is mainly countryside and mountain, except in Aberdeen. Aberdeen is one of Britain's richest towns because it serves the North Sea oil rigs.

Fraserburgh is a large fishing port.

The Aberdeenshire council area takes in the historic counties of Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire and half of Banffshire. It does not include Aberdeen City though, which is a Council Area in its own right. However, Aberdeenshire Council does have its headquarters at Woodhill House, in Aberdeen; the only Scottish council whose headquarters are based outside its area's border.

Aberdeenshire borders Angus and Perth and Kinross to the south, and Highland and Moray to the west. 

Alford, Aberdeenshire

Alford (pronounced "aaford") is a large village in Aberdeenshire, north-east Scotland, lying just south of the River Don. The place-name is thought to come from the Scots "auld ford"; its original position being on the banks of the Don. The "L" sound in the word has, over time, been dropped, and is silent.


Ballater

Ballater is a burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland on the River Dee, immediately east of the Cairngorm Mountains.


Mary Douglas

Mary Douglas, DBE, FBA (25 March 1921 – 16 May 2007) was a British anthropologist, known for her writings on human culture and symbolism.


Westhill

Westhill is a town in Aberdeenshire, in the parish of Skene, directly west of Aberdeen. It is connected to the city by the A944 road. It is also near Skene, and has a swimming pool, tennis courts, carnival and theme park.

Zora Neale Hurston

Zora Neale Hurston (January 7, 1891–January 28, 1960) was an American folklorist, socio-cultural anthropologist, and author focused on African American culture during the time of the Harlem Renaissance, best known for the 1937 novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God". 

Zora Neale Hurston was born in Alabama to her parents who were freedmen or people who used to be enslaved. When she was still a child, her family moved to Eatonville, Florida which was the first all-black town with its own local laws in the United States. After her mother died, Hurston worked to grow her education and later ended up in New York City during the Harlem Renaissance. This was an influential period in Hurston's life as she saw African Americans have more pride in their identity. The result of the Harlem Renaissance was a rise in the number of African Americans who could read and write, which made it easier for them to express themselves using art. 

Zora Neale Hurston left New York City in 1921 to attend Howard University where she continued to explore African American culture and co-founded the school's newspaper "The Hilltop". In 1925, Hurston earned a scholarship to Barnard College where she studied anthropology with Franz Boas. Hurston then continued to learn at Columbia University where she got a graduate degree in anthropology. 

As mentioned above, Zora Neale Hurston studied anthropology under Franz Boas, who was known for his work in cultural relativism. This is the idea that each culture has their own beliefs and practices so they cannot be compared to one another. It was when she was working with Boas that Hurston began her field work in New York City during the Harlem Renaissance.

Hurston was encouraged by Boas to study the spread of African cultural practices and ideas. This is what led to her studies on African American folklore in the American south. Some of these trips to the South were funded by Charlotte Mason who was an American philanthropist who supported African Americans during the Harlem Renaissance.

Hurston was also influenced by Fannie Hurst, who she worked for as an amanuensis, or an artistic writing assistant. During this time, Hurston aided her with the writing of manuscripts and gathered information about regular people. 

Like her influences, Zora Neale Hurston sought to capture and preserve cultures as they were in real life. Hurston wrote about many cultures including Haiti and Jamaica, but most of her writings were about African American culture. Hurston wanted to preserve the perspective, narrative, and dialect of African American populations while fighting stereotypes through her writings. Hurston's work as a socio-cultural anthropologist is so valued because she herself was an African American woman, and she used plays, books, and collections of folktales.

Zora Neale Hurston's unique writing style she used to preserve rural African American dialects set her apart from other anthropologists, but not everyone thought that was a good thing. Hurston's main critics were other African Americans who saw her portrayal of rural African Americans as a setback and they felt that she made African Americans sound uneducated. 

As mentioned, early in her academic career, Zora Neale Hurston was the co-founder of "The Hilltop," which is currently the oldest African American collegiate newspaper in the United States. After getting her Master's degree, Hurston went on to become a drama teacher at North Carolina Collee for Negros, now known as North Carolina Central University. Hurston had published multiple fictional writings, plays, and books during her career. She was also an employee at the library of congress.


Ruth Landes

Ruth Landes (October 8, 1908, New York City – February 11, 1991, Ontario, Canada) was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblé cults and her published study on the topic, "City of Women" (1947). Landes is recognized by some as a pioneer in the study of race and gender relations.

Selected books


Niobe

In Greek mythology, Niobe (Νιόβη) was the daughter of the semi-legendary ruler Tantalus, called the "Phrygian" and sometimes even "King of Phrygia" Tantalus ruled in Sipylus, a city located at the western end of Anatolia. The city has the same name than the mountain on which it was founded (Mount Sipylus) and of which few traces remain, and not in the traditional heartland of Phrygia lying more inland and centered around Gordion. Niobe was an Anatolian princess. She married Amphion of Thebes and Greek mythology was a vehicle for her historical record mixed with legends. Niobe was the sister of Pelops, who gave his name to the Peloponnese.

According to the Greek myth, Niobe boasted of her superiority to Leto because the goddess only had two children, the twins Apollo and Artemis, while Niobe had fourteen children (the Niobids), seven male and seven female. Her famously quoted speech which caused the indignation of the goddess is as follows:
Artemis killed Niobe's daughters and Apollo killed Niobe's sons as they practiced athletics, with the last begging for his life. The bodies of her children lay for nine days unburied, for Zeus had changed the people to stone; on the tenth day they were buried by the gods. Apollo and Artemis used poisoned arrows to kill them, though according to some versions at least one Niobid was spared, (usually Meliboea). Amphion, at the sight of his dead sons, either killed himself or was killed by Apollo for swearing revenge. A devastated Niobe fled to Mount Sipylus (Spil Mount) of Lydia in Anatolia and was turned into a stone waterfall as she wept unceasingly. Spil Mount has a natural rock formation resembling a female face claimed to be Niobe, not to be confused with a sculpture carved into the rock-face of nearby crag Coddinus, north of Spil Mount, probably representing Cybele and attributed by the locals to Broteas, the ugly brother of Niobe. The rock formation is also known as the "Weeping Stone", as the stone is said to have wept tears during the summer. The rock appears to weep because it is porous limestone and rainwater seeps through the pores. 

There are various accounts about how and where Niobe died; the story that returns Niobe from Thebes to her Lydian homeland is recorded in "Bibliotheke" 3.46.

The names and number of her children, and the time and place of their death, are variously given. This "Niobe", described by Pausanias (i. 21) and Quintus Smyrnaeus (i. 293-306), both natives of the district, was the appearance assumed by a cliff on Sipylus when seen from a distance and from the proper point of view (see Jebb on Sophocles, "Antigone," 831). It is to be distinguished from an archaic figure still visible, carved in the northern side of the mountain near Magnesia, to which tradition has given the name of Niobe, but which is really intended for Cybele.

According to some, Niobe is the goddess of snow and winter, whose children, slain by Apollo and Artemis, symbolize the ice and snow melted by the sun in spring; according to others, she is an earth-goddess, whose progeny - vegetation and the fruits of the soil - is dried up and slain every summer by the shafts of the sun-god. Burmeister regards the legend as an incident in the struggle between the followers of Dionysus and Apollo in Thebes, in which the former were defeated and driven back to Lydia. Heffter builds up the story round the dripping rock in Lydia, really representing an Asiatic goddess, but taken by the Greeks for an ordinary woman. Enmann, who interprets the name as "she who prevents increase" (in contrast to Leto, who made women prolific), considers the main point of the myth to be Niobe's loss of her children. He compares her story with that of Lamia, who, after her children had been slain by Zeus, retired to a lonely cave and carried off and killed the children of others. The appearance of the rock on Sipylus gave rise to the story of Niobe having been turned to stone. The tragedians used her story to point the moral of the instability of human happiness; Niobe became the representative of human nature, liable to pride in prosperity and forgetfulness of the respect and submission due to the gods.

The tragic story of Niobe was a favourite subject in literature and art. Aeschylus and Sophocles wrote tragedies upon it; Ovid described it at length in his "Metamorphoses." In art, the most famous representation was a marble group of Niobe and her children, taken by Sosius to Rome and set up in the temple of Apollo Sosianus (Pliny, "Nat. Hist." xxxvi. 4). What is probably a Roman imitation of this work was found in 1583 near the Lateran, and is now in the Uffizi gallery at Florence. In ancient times it was disputed whether the original was the work of Praxiteles or Scopas, and modern authorities are not agreed as to its identity with the group mentioned by Pliny.

The story of Niobe is an ancient one among Greeks: Niobe is mentioned by Achilles to Priam in Homer's "Iliad" book XXIV, as a stock type for mourning. Priam is like Niobe in that he is grieving for his son Hector, who was killed and not buried for several days. Niobe is also mentioned in Sophocles' "Antigone": as she is marched toward her death, Antigone compares her own loneliness to that of Niobe. The "Niobe" of Aeschylus, set in Thebes, survives in fragmentary quotes that were supplemented by a papyrus sheet containing twenty-one lines of text. From the fragments it appears that for the first part of the tragedy the grieving Niobe sits veiled and silent. Sophocles too contributed a "Niobe" that is lost. The conflict between Niobe and Leto is mentioned in one of Sappho's poetic fragments, ("Before they were mothers, Leto and Niobe had been the most devoted of friends.") The subject of Niobe and the destruction of the Niobids was part of the repertory of Attic vase-painters and inspired sculpture groups and wall frescoes as well as relief carvings on Roman sarcophagi.

Niobe's iconic tears were also mentioned in Hamlet's soliloquy (Act 1, Scene 2), in which he contrasts his mother's grief over the dead King, Hamlet's father — "like Niobe, all tears" —to her unseemly hasty marriage to Claudius.

Ashfield, Stirling

Ashfield is a village in Stirling, Scotland.

Auchtubh

Auchtubh is a village in Stirling, Scotland.

Balfron

Balfron, is a village in the Stirling council area of Scotland. It is near Endrick Water on the A875 road, 18 miles (29 km) west of Stirling and 16 miles (26 km) north of Glasgow. Although a rural settlement, it lies within commuting distance of Glasgow, and serves as a dormitory town. It has shops, a health centre, a village hall and a secondary school (Balfron High School). The village also contains a fire station, garage, ambulance depot, police station, primary school, bowling green and an 18 hole golf course. The residential special school Ballikinrain is also located in Balfron and caters to intervening for boys with special needs from all over Scotland.

Deanston

Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling, 
Scotland, on the south bank of the River Teith, formerly of West Perthshire. It is a part of the parish of Kilmadock.

Drymen

Drymen is a village in Stirling district in central Scotland. Drymen lies to the west of the Campsie Fells and enjoys views to Dumgoyne on the east and to Loch Lomond on the west. The Queen Elizabeth Forest reaches down to the village edge, and the whole area is part of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park (the first National Park in Scotland).

Inversnaid

Inversnaid is a village on the east bank of Loch Lomond in Scotland, near the north end of the loch. It has a pier and a hotel, and the West Highland Way passes through the village. A small passenger ferry runs from Inversnaid to Inveruglas on the opposite shore of the loch. To reach Inversnaid by road involves a lengthy overland route from Aberfoyle. It is also the title of a poem by Gerard Manley Hopkins.

Gartmore

Gartmore is a village in the Stirling council area, Scotland. It is a picturesque little village with an excellent view of the Wallace Monument in Stirling, almost 25 miles away.
Formerly in lowland Perthshire, it is one mile from the A81 Glasgow to Aberfoyle road, three miles south of Aberfoyle.

Gargunnock

Gargunnock is a small village in the Stirling council area approximately seven miles west of Stirling, in Scotland. The 2001 census population was 944.


Crianlarich

Crianlarich ("A' Chrìon Làraich" in Gaelic) is a village in Stirling district, Scotland, about six miles north-east of the head of Loch Lomond. Until 1975, it was in the historic county of Perthshire. The village's name derives from the Gaelic for "low pass", relating to its geographical location.

Croftamie

Croftamie is a small village near Drymen in Scotland. The village was traditionally part of Dunbartonshire, but a minor change in boundaries means that it is now under Stirling Council.


Cambuskenneth

Cambuskenneth (Gaelic: "Camas Sgeanail") is a village in the city of Stirling, in central Scotland. It has a population of 250 and is the site of the historic Cambuskenneth Abbey. It is by the River Forth and the only road access to the village is along Ladysneuk Road from Alloa Road in Causewayhead.

Volvo S80

Volvo S80 is a car produced by Volvo from 1998 to 2016 in two generations. The first generation was made from 1998 to 2006. The second generation was made from 2006 to 2016 and had an estate variant called V70. In 2016 the car was replaced by the S90. 

Garhi Yasin

Garhi Yasin is a town and taluka in the north of Sindh province of Pakistan. It is the second largest town in the Shikarpur District. It is also one of the four divisions of the districts. The town has a population of more than 14,000. Garhi Yasin is on the right bank of River Indus. The area has always been important as a part of the trade route through the Bolan Pass.

The town is named after its founder, Yasin Khan Pathan. Sindhi is the common language of the people in this region. The population of the town includes members of many different tribes. These tribes include the Pathan,mangi, Memon, Soomra, Shaikh, Syed, Mirani, Qazi, Bhutta, Abra, Channa, Lashari, Bhatti, Dinari, Mahar, Kakepota, Brohi and others. Beside a large number of Hindu, Punjabi and some Muhajirs (from India) also live in the town. The people live here without any discrimination of caste, color, language and religion.

Home to the to the politically prominent Kamario, Isani and Agha families, Garhi Yaseen has been one of the centres from which Shikarpur and Sindh have been ruled in recent history.

The town has a secondary school, three high schools, several primary schools, a Mono Technique School and many vocational schools (in fields of study such as typing, Commercial and Computer).

The area has both an industrial and agricultural economy.

Much of the area is irrigated. Major productions of the area are rice, wheat and pulses. Other crops including maize, sugarcane, vegetables and fruits are also grown.

The town has a small market. Many different items are made in the town. These include handicrafts, metalware, furniture, bricks and pottery. Hand loom weaving of the area used to be very popular.

The area the town is on is mainly an alluvial plain (flood plain). The Sukkur Barrage, built in the 1920s and 1930s, cause much damage the land in this area. 

The climate is very hot and dry.

Binturong

A binturong ("Arctictis binturong") is a large, rare mammal that lives in trees in the dense forests of southeast Asia. The binturong is also often called a bearcat because it looks like both a bear and a cat.

Binturongs have thick, black fur, a long, muscular tail, and long, stiff, white whiskers. They use their prehensile tail almost like another hand; young binturongs can even hang by their tail. Binturongs grow to be up to about 5 feet (1.5 m) long. Like other civets, the binturongs use scent marks to communicate with other binturongs. In captivity, binturongs live for about 30 years.

Binturongs eat fruit and small animals that they find using their sense of smell to find food. They hunt for food at night - they are nocturnal.


Kippen

Kippen is a small village approximately west of the city of Stirling, Scotland (also referred to as the Kingdom of Kippen). It lies between the Gargunnock and Fintry hills and overlooks the strath of the River Forth. The name probably comes from Gaelic, and means "Place of the little stump", "outcrop" or "block".

Kilmahog

Kilmahog ( = Cell of St. Chug) is a hamlet situated half a mile to the west of Callander, Scotland, at the junction of the Trossachs and Lochearnhead roads.

Killin

Killin (, 'the White [or Fair] Church') is a village with about 640 people. It is at the western head of Loch Tay in Stirling (formerly Perthshire), Scotland.

Killearn

Killearn () is a small village of approximately 1700 people in the Stirling council area of Scotland. The village is located about north of Glasgow, and away from Loch Lomond. The Glengoyne distillery is also situated just outside the village.

Balmaha

Balmaha (Gaelic: "Baile MoThatha") is a small village on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in the council area of Stirling, Scotland.

The village has a few shops. There is an inn called the Oak Tree Inn. There is also a village shop, selling gifts and food. There is also a visitor centre. 

Balquhidder

Balquhidder () is a small village in the Stirling council area of Scotland. It is overlooked by the dramatic mountain terrain of the Braes of Balquhidder, at the head of Loch Voil. Balquhidder Glen is also popular for fishing, nature watching and walking. Above the village, Creag an Tuirc is a fine viewpoint, well worth the short climb.

Bannockburn

Bannockburn is a small town immediately south of the city of Stirling in Scotland. It is named after the Bannock Burn, a burn (small stream) running through the town before flowing into the River Forth.

Georg Michael Telemann

Georg Michael Telemann (born 20 April 1748 in Plön, died March 4, 1831 in Riga) was a German composer and theologian. He is mainly known for the Church music he wrote. His grandfather, Georg Philipp Telemann, is better known.

Blair Drummond

Blair Drummond (sometimes known as Blairdrummond) is a small rural community near Stirling in Scotland. It is along the A84 road.

Blairlogie

Blairlogie is at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie was one of central Scotland's earliest Conservation Villages. Blairlogie mainly has cottages from the 17th through the 19th centuries.

Between 1598 and 1609, the minister of Logie Parish was the poet Alexander Hume.

Boquhan

Boquhan is a hamlet in Stirling, Scotland near the bigger villages of Killearn and Balfron. It is also called Wester Boquhan.

Alan Keyes

Alan Lee Keyes (born August 7, 1950) is a conservative American political activist, author, and former diplomat, and candidate for public office. He ran for President of the United States in 1996, 2000, and 2008, and was a Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in 1988, 1992, and 2004.

1996 Pacific hurricane season

The 1996 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone formation and the second least active Pacific hurricane season in recorded history, behind only 1977. It officially began May 15, 1996 in the eastern north Pacific and on June 1, 1996 in the central north Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1996. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Few notable storms formed this season, however it was very eventful. Twelve tropical cyclones formed during this season, of which five made landfall and two other impacted land areas. Two tropical cyclones that formed in other basins entered the eastern north Pacific Ocean. Early in the season three tropical cyclones impacted Mexico in a ten-day span, while the first cyclone of the season formed before it officially began. Hurricane Douglas was the strongest storm, reaching Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale and had its beginnings in the Atlantic as Hurricane Douglas.

Alma was the first of three consecutive storms to come close to, or make landfall on, the Pacific coast of Mexico during a ten-day span. Alma killed at least three people, and possibly twenty. Three were killed when a house near Lazaro Cardenas collapsed. There were unconfirmed reports that 17 people were killed by floods in Puebla from rains related to Alma. Trees were downed and power was knocked out to many places. Roads were flooded and covered with Debris.
Hurricane Boris was the second consecutive storm to approach close to Mexico. It made landfall halfway between Acapulco and Lazaro Cardenas on June 29. It killed ten people. A flood caused by Boris on the San Jeronimo River left thousands homeless.
Cristina was the third cyclone to come close to Mexico in the space of ten days. It killed a fisherman when his boat was caught at sea off Oaxaca. At least 11 other fishing boats and 22 people were missing. Their fate is unknown.
Hurricane Douglas was a continuation of Atlantic Hurricane Cesar, which crossed Central America. Continuing Cesar's nearly due-west heading, it was still a tropical storm when it entered the Pacific on July 29, and quickly regained hurricane status.

Douglas's strengthened over the next two days as it turned west-northwest, paralleling the coast of Mexico. It reached its peak intensity on August 1, with winds of and a central pressure of , making it the strongest hurricane of the season. Its slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters, and it officially dissipated on August 6, though like many Pacific hurricanes, a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward.

The precursor disturbance to Fausto was first noticed over Venezuela as early as August 31, and may have been related to the tropical wave that spawned Hurricane Fran. By September 4 the wave had crossed Central America into the Pacific; it steadily organized until it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Fausto on September 10.

Fausto intensified rapidly after it reached hurricane intensity on the 12th, peaking with sustained winds of and a minimum central pressure of . The hurricane weakened as an approaching trough increased shear over the storm; this same trough also turned the storm north on the 13th, where it made landfall as a minimal hurricane Baja California that day. On September 14, the storm turned northeastward across the Gulf of California, and dissipated inland over the Sierra Madre range after its second landfall as a hurricane. Its extratropical remnants flared up briefly over northern Mexico and Texas, but otherwise soon lost their identity.

Damage in Mexico was relatively minor, with only a single casualty caused by a downed power line.
Hurricane Hernan made landfall in a thinly-populated region of Mexico. It washed out roads, and knocked down power lines and telephone poles. There were 100 injuries but no deaths.

2002 Pacific hurricane season

The 2002 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone meteorology. The most notable storm this year was Hurricane Kenna, which reached Category 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It made landfall near Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, on October 25. It killed four people and was one of the most powerful hurricanes to ever strike the western coast of Mexico. Elsewhere, Tropical Storm Julio made landfall in Mexico, and Tropical Storm Boris dumped torrential rain along the Mexican coast, although it remained offshore. 

Other storms were individually unusual. Hurricanes Elida and Hernan also reached Category 5 intensity, but neither did any damage. Hurricane Fausto, while it had no effect on land, regenerated into a tiny tropical storm at a very high latitude.

It officially started May 15, 2002, in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 2002, in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2002. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

There were twelve tropical storms in the eastern Pacific Ocean this season. Of those, six became hurricanes and five became major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or high on the Saffir Simpson Scale. A record three Category 5 storms formed. In the central Pacific, one tropical storm, one hurricane, and one major hurricane formed. The season saw below average activity in terms of the number of systems, but above average activity in terms of stronger storms. This was due to a moderately strong El Niño that also suppressed activity in the Atlantic Ocean.

Also of note this season is an unusual gap in storm formation during the first three weeks of August. That time usually sees several nameable storms, but for some reason there were none.

On June 8, an area of disturbed weather that had absorbed a tropical wave spawned Tropical Depression Two-E. It became a tropical storm the next day. After peaking on June 9, steering currents collapsed and Boris stalled out in the ocean between two ridges of high pressure. Shear increased, and the cyclone weakened to a depression on June 10. The next day, Boris degenerated into a remnant low. The remnant drifted east and then southeast before dissipating on June 12.

Boris dumped heavy rains on sections of the Mexican coast. Several homes at an unspecified location were damaged. There were no deaths.

An area of convection and disturbed weather possibly related to outflow from Hurricane Isidore developed a circulation on September 23 and organized into Tropical Depression Thirteen-E on September 25. The depression headed northward and strengthened into a tropical storm the same day. Julio turned to the northwest and peaked just before landfall near Lazaro Cardenas on September 26. The storm quickly dissipated over Mexico.

No one was killed by Julio. Around 100 houses in Acapulco and Zihuatanejo were damaged or washed away by flash flooding.

A powerful Category 5 hurricane at its peak, the third of the season, Kenna made landfall on Mexico as a Category 4. As of 2005, it is the most recent Pacific hurricane to have its name retired.

Kenna killed four people in Mexico and left thousands homeless. Its total damage was from 5 to 100 million dollars.
Eleven-E threatened land. It resulted in warnings and watches being issued for parts of the Baja California Peninsula, but it weakened to a remnant low before strengthening into a storm. No deaths or damages were reported. Eleven-E was the final storm of the season. It lasted for two days in November and dissipated on the sixteenth day of that month.

Hurricane Kenna

Hurricane Kenna was a destructive hurricane of the 2002 Pacific hurricane season. It was one of the strongest Pacific hurricanes to ever strike Mexico.

Kenna formed in the eastern Pacific on October 22. It strengthened rapidly, reaching category five on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale on October 25. Hurricane Kenna weakened to category four before striking land near Puerto Vallarta later that day. The only Pacific hurricanes to strike Mexico at greater intensity were 1976's Hurricane Madeline and an unnamed 1959 storm.

Officials reported four deaths from Hurricane Kenna.


1994 Pacific hurricane season

The 1994 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 1994 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1994 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1994. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Of note in this season is an unusual spree of very intense storms. Hurricanes Emilia, Gilma, John, and Olivia all reached a pressure below 930 millibars. Elsewhere, Hurricane Rosa killed several people in Mexico.

This season had slightly above average activity. Five hurricanes reached Category 2 intensity or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In addition, there were four other hurricanes and eight tropical storms. In the Central Pacific, two tropical storms and one hurricane formed.

Hurricane Emilia was a powerful Category 5 storm. It briefly threatened the Hawaiian Islands near peak strength, but instead encountered wind shear and weakened. There was minor damage to roofs and some downed trees, and moderate rainfall.

Hurricane Gilma was the strongest storm of the season, and the first Category 5 storm in the East Pacific since Ava in 1973. It is also the strongest July storm in the east Pacific, and is the fifth strongest overall.

Hurricane John was the longest lasting and most continuous tropical cyclone on Earth in recorded history. Its life began on August 11 south of Mexico, and 31 days later the storm became extratropical south of Alaska, after reaching Category 5 strength and passing the International Date Line twice. John caused $15 million (1994 USD) in damage on Johnston Island.

An area of disturbed weather organized into a tropical depression on August 9 while located 740 miles (1190 km) southeast of Hilo, Hawaii. The depression moved westward without organizing, and dissipated on the 14th. Moisture from the system produced heavy rainfall over the island of Hawaii, totaling to over 15 inches. The flooding closed all major roads in Hilo, and was considered the worst flooding in 40 years. The rainfall destroyed 2 homes and damaged 214, 14 severely. It also damaged roads and businesses. Damage throughout the island totaled to $5 million (1993 USD).Flooding occurred in Maui as well, where landslides blocked portions of the Hana Highway. 

Hurricane Olivia was the second strongest storm of the season. It is one of the ten most intense east Pacific hurricanes ever recorded. At the time, it was the strongest October storm.

An area of disturbed weather organized into a tropical depression at midday on October 8. It had trouble organizing, and advisories were discontinued for a while. The cyclone finally became a tropical storm on October 11 and was named Rosa. It moved glacially, but eventually a trough steered Rosa north and then northeast. Rosa intensified quickly, peaking at Category 2 intensity just before landfall near La Concepcion on the morning of October 14. Rosa quickly decayed over the mountains of Mexico, and its cloud shield rapidly accelerated northward through the Plains and Mississippi Valley, moistening the atmosphere enough in Texas ahead of a slow moving occluded cyclone to help set the stage for a significant flood event in east Texas on the October 17.

Four deaths, two in each of Nayarit and Durango, were reported. Four people were missing in Sinaloa. More than 100,000 people had their homes damaged in Nayarit. Telephone poles and power lines were downed in Sinaloa. Rain caused landslides and flash-flooding in mountainous areas.

Hurricane John (1994)

Hurricane John was the longest-lived tropical cyclone ever seen, tracking from the Eastern Pacific to the Western Pacific and crossing back to the Central Pacific for 31 days total.

The precursor to Hurricane John was a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on July 25th. It moved across the unfavorable Atlantic, and reached the Eastern Pacific on August 8th. It slowly organized, and became Tropical Depression 10-E on August 11th, 300 nautical miles south-southeast of Acapulco, Mexico. Conditions were not ideal for development, but it developed banding features and well-defined outflow, and managed to strengthen to become Tropical Storm John later that day.

A strong ridge of high pressure over the Northeastern Pacific Ocean forced John westward, where upper level shear kept John a tropical storm as its intensity fluctuated. The shear greatly lessened greatly on the 19th, and John became a hurricane on the 20th. Later that day, it became a major hurricane, and crossed into the Central Pacific shortly thereafter.

Hurricane John continued to strengthen, and reached a peak of 150 knots (175 mph winds) on the 23rd, passing 300 nautical miles south of Hawaii. John had posed a threat to the island days before, but the ridge of high pressure pushed John safely south of the island. The hurricane still caused heavy waves and rains, though. During these days, John's intensity was constantly checked by Air Force Reserve aircraft reconnaissance.

John turned more northerly, where it steadily weakened to a minimal hurricane on the 26th. Then, it crossed just north of Johnston Island, where it caused moderate damage. Conditions again favored strengthening, and John re-strengthened to a 135 mph Category 4 hurricane, but upper level shear again weakened it. John crossed the International Date Line, and became Typhoon John.

The system continued to weaken, becoming a tropical storm on the 31st and a tropical depression on the 2nd while drifting eastward. John looped back to the northwest, and gradually restrengthened. An upper trough pulled the storm to the northeast on the 7th, and re-entered the Central Pacific on the 8th. John became a hurricane again late on the 8th, and retained that intensity for another day. Upper level shear weakened the hurricane to a tropical storm on the 10th, and John became extratropical in the North Central Pacific about a thousand miles south of Unalaska Island. John dissipated later that day, after an unprecedented 31 days at sea.

Hurricane–Typhoon Paka

Hurricane Paka (international designation: "9728", JTWC designation: "05C", PAGASA designation: Rubing, also known as " Typhoon Paka") was the last tropical cyclone in the 1997 Pacific hurricane and typhoon season, and was among the strongest Pacific typhoons in the month of December. Paka, which is the Hawaiian name for Pat, developed on November 28 from a trough well to the southwest of Hawaii. The storm tracked generally westward for much of its duration, and on December 7 it crossed into the western Pacific Ocean. Much of its track was characterized by fluctuations in intensity, and on December 10 the cyclone attained typhoon status as it crossed the Marshall Islands. On December 16, Paka struck Guam and Rota with winds of 230 km/h (145 mph), and it strengthened further to reach peak winds on December 18 over open waters. Subsequently, it underwent a steady weakening trend, and on December 23 Paka dissipated.

Typhoon Paka first impacted the Marshall Islands, where it dropped heavy rainfall and left $80 million in damage (1997 USD, $100 million 2007 USD). Later, it passed just north of Guam, where strong winds destroyed about 1,500 buildings and damaged 10,000 more; 5,000 people were left homeless, and the island experienced a complete power outage following the typhoon. Damage on the island totaled $500 million (1997 USD, $645 million 2007 USD), which warranted the retirement of its name. Paka also caused light damage in the Northern Marianas Islands, and overall the storm caused no reported deaths.

Hurricane Pauline

Hurricane Pauline was a destructive hurricane of the 1997 Pacific hurricane season and one of the deadliest.

Pauline formed in the eastern Pacific on October 6. It strengthened rapidly, reaching category four on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale on the next day. After a brief period of weakening to a category three, it re-intensified back to a category four, moving roughly parallel to the Mexican coast.Pauline then made landfall, slamming into Mexico. Heavy rains and high winds caused damage as the storm skirted the coast.

There were 300-400 deaths, and heavy damage to Acalpulco. The name was retired and replaced by Patricia for the 2003 Pacific hurricane season.

Hurricane Linda (1997)

Hurricane Linda of 1997 was the strongest hurricane ever Recorded in the east Pacific, until Hurricane Patricia in 2015 with continued winds of 160 knots and gusting to 190 knots, and a central pressure of 902 mbar. It was part of an abnormally active season for both the Eastern and Western Pacific Basins.

Since it was far from land, it did not cause much damage.

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 24th. It moved across the unfavorable Atlantic without development. As it crossed Central America convection increased, and a poorly-defined center developed early on September 9th. Banding and convection increased, and it became a tropical depression that night, 400 nautical miles south of Manzanillo, Mexico.

Tropical Depression 14-E continued northwestward, and became a tropical storm on the 10th. Linda started to intensify more quickly, becoming a hurricane on the 11th 475 nautical miles south-southeast of the southern tip of Baja California. After 30 hours of rapidly intensifying, Linda reached her peak of 160 knots on the 12th, or around 185 M.P.H. winds. That is an increase of 95 knots, and a drop of 85 millibars. Linda moved directly over Socorro Island on the 12th as a Category 5 hurricane, but cooler waters weakened it greatly, dissipating it on the 17th.

Linda went over Soccoro Island, doing $3.2 million in damage.

In California, Linda was responsible for 8 deaths and $68 million in damage. Five people drowned in a jetty. Floods caused 3 deaths and mudslides destroyed millions of homes and caused $68 million in damage. The Southwest would get devastated again by Hurricane Nora weeks later.



Hurricane Ioke

Hurricane Ioke (also Typhoon Ioke, international designation 0612, JTWC designation 01C also sometimes called Super Typhoon Ioke) is the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Central Pacific. The first storm to form in the Central Pacific in the 2006 Pacific hurricane season, Ioke is a long-lived and extremely powerful storm that traversed the Pacific, reaching Category 5 status twice as a hurricane. As a typhoon, Ioke managed to achieve Category 5-equivalent one-minute sustained winds one more time before weakening.

Ioke did not affect any permanently populated areas in the Central Pacific or Western Pacific basins as a hurricane or a typhoon, but the storm passed over Johnston Atoll as a Category 2 hurricane and Wake Island as a Category 5 typhoon. Despite its strength, Ioke only caused moderate damage to Wake Island, and was not responsible for any fatalities.

The system began in the third week of August as a persistent tropical disturbance south of the Hawaiian Islands. It was initially embedded in a trough, but gained convection and developed into a tropical depression about 775 miles south of Honolulu on August 19. It continued to strengthen, and the Central Pacific Hurricane Center designated the system with the name "Ioke" (IPA /iːˈəʊ.keɪ/), which is Hawaiian for the name Joyce, becoming the first tropical storm to form in the Central Pacific since 2002.

Ioke quickly began to enter a process of rapid development; strengthening into a hurricane just 24 hours after it had formed. While safely avoiding the Hawaiian Islands, it continued to rapidly intensify and became a major hurricane (Category 3 or greater) on the morning of August 21. Later that day, Ioke intensified even further into a Category 4 hurricane. On August 22, it began to weaken as a result of cooler water and eyewall replacement cycle, and was downgraded back to a Category 2. As a Category 2 storm, Ioke affected Johnston Atoll.
The storm began to rapidly deepen again late on August 23 as it moved over increasingly warm water, reaching major hurricane status for the second time while moving to the west-northwest. From there, conditions would become even more favorable for development.

Overnight between August 24 and August 25, Ioke strengthened rapidly, becoming a Category 5 hurricane on the 25th - the first system originating from the Central Pacific to reach that intensity while still in the Western Hemisphere. Ioke then began to travel over a large environment highly favorable for hurricane development, and would maintain its strength for an extended period of time. Ioke also became the most intense hurricane ever to develop in the Central Pacific, with a central pressure of 921 mbar (27.19 inHg) at that point (which dropped to 920 mbar at its Central Pacific peak).

Ioke began to fluctuate in intensity afterward; weakened back to a Category 4 while undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle, regaining Category 5 strength on August 26. Ioke held that intensity until crossing the International Date Line that evening (August 27 after the crossover), becoming Typhoon Ioke in the process. The storm weakened to Category 4 strength according to the JTWC, but by 2100 UTC on August 29, the JTWC advised that Ioke had regained Category 5 strength for the third time.

After maintaining Category 5 strength for 12 hours, Ioke weakened back to a Category 4 for the final time on August 30 while approaching Wake Island. Ioke passed almost directly over the island on early September 1 and continued tracking to the west-northwest while slowly weakening over gradually cooling waters. On September 3, under the influence of an approaching trough, the typhoon began to recurve to the northwest, then to the north and away from Japan, while weakening more rapidly. Ioke began to transition into an extratropical storm late on September 4 due to increased wind shear and rapidly cooling seas, and the JTWC issued its last advisory at 1200 UTC on September 5 after it was decided that Ioke had begun extratropical transition. The JMA followed suit early on September 7 after Ioke had become completely extratropical east of the Kamchatka Peninsula.

The remnant extratropical low is currently monitored by National Weather Service and is expected to be near Alaska in 48 hours.


Despite Ioke's extreme intensity and impacting two small land masses, damage was surprisingly moderate. Little damage was done on Johnston Atoll, and damage to infrastructure on Wake Island was less than expected, despite Ioke's eyewall brushing the island.

The National Weather Service reported that the eastern eyewall of Ioke passed over the uninhabited Johnston Atoll, buffeting it with hurricane-force winds.

Twelve people on a United States Air Force vessel in the Pacific were forced to abandon ship and take shelter in a hurricane-proof bunker on the island. They were reported safe the next day, and a reconnaissance flight reported little damage on the island.

Due to Typhoon Ioke's projected path near Wake Island, all 188 people who live and work there were evacuated in two C-17 Globemaster IIIs to Oahu in Hawaii. The typhoon's powerful winds, estimated to gust as high as 190 mph, damaged weather sensors on the island, causing them to fail after the instruments reported a 100 mph gust. A reconnaissance mission by the Coast Guard indicated the typhoon caused moderate damage on the island, including blown off roofs, damaged sides of buildings, and downed trees. However, the damage was repairable, and the major infrastructure on the island was intact.

The JMA issued evacuation orders for its staff on Minami Torishima on September 1 in view of the approaching typhoon, but so far, no damage has been reported.

Post-grunge

Post-grunge is a music genre that is strongly influenced by grunge music, a genre that started in Seattle, Washington, United States in the mid-1980s. However, it makes it into a more melodic and radio-friendly sound. Not by a coincidence, it has become very popular on the radio.


Ayutthaya (city)

Ayutthaya was the capital of Ayutthaya kingdom. Its full name is ‘Phra-Na-Khon-Sri-A-Yud-Dha-Ya’. Some people call it ‘Ayudya’. This city was the capital for 417 years. Ayudhaya is at the center of Thailand. It was built at the meeting of the rivers Chao Phraya, Pa Sak and Lopburi. It is like an island city. This province is Diagnol to Lopburi, Angthong at the north, Pathumthani and Nonthaburi at the south, Saraburi at the east and Suphanburi at the west of Thailand. It is also the place we're the first ever king of Thailand was born.

Nakhon Ratchasima province

Nakhon Ratchasima Province () or Khorat or Korat, is the biggest province and the second most populated province of Thailand. Nakhon Ratchasima means ‘big province’. It is in the eastern part of Thailand. It is about 260 km from Bangkok. It has forests, walking, education, rivers, sight seeing, foods, ancient cultures and tradition. There are local handicrafts for sale.

Nakhon Ratchasima covers an area of about 20494 square kilometers with 25 districts:

and six other small districts.

The borders of the province are in the north with Zuma, Chaiyabhum and Khon-Kan, in the south with Nakhon-Nayok and Prajean Buri, in the east with Buriram and in the west with Chaiyabhum and Saraburi.


Garuda

The Garuda (Sanskrit: Garuḍa गरुड, eagle; Pāli Garuḷa) is a large bird or bird- that appears in both Hindu and Buddhist history.

Garuda with the head and wings of eagle and sometimes with the rest of his body like that of a man is called the king of birds and he is also the carrier of god Vishnu.

Garuda is also known by another name Vainateya, son of Vinata and Sri Kashyapa prajapathi. Garuda is separately worshipped on the day of Garuda panchami, fifth day of lunar month after ashasa amavasya. His brother Anura(Arun) is the charioteer of God Suryanarayana.

Garuda (disambiguation)

Garuda may refer to:



Scorpion II

Scorpion, also King Scorpion or Scorpion II refers to the second of two kings so-named of Upper Egypt during the Protodynastic Period.


Ka (pharaoh)

Ka, also Sekhem Ka, was a predynastic pharaoh of Upper Egypt. He ruled over Abydos in the late 32nd or early 31st century BC and was buried at Umm el-Qa'ab. He most likely was the immediate successor to Iry-Hor and was succeeded by Narmer. He is the earliest known Egyptian king with a "serekh," inscribed on a number of artefacts.

Iry-Hor

Iry-Hor or Ro (as read by Petrie) was a Predynastic pharaoh of ancient Egypt, although some archaeologists are doubtful of his existence. He was most likely Ka's immediate predecessor. He ruled over Abydos and was buried in its local cemetery at Umm el-Qa'ab near Ka, Narmer and the First Dynasty kings.

If he existed, he would be the earliest documented person.


Wazner

Wazner is an european family name, also Wazenez or Wadjenedj, was a Predynastic Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta. He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of Lower Egypt. 

Hsekiu

Hsekiu, also Seka, was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta. He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of Lower Egypt 

 | before=Ny-Hor

Tiu (pharaoh)

Tiu, also Teyew etc., was a ancient Egyptian Pharaoh who ruled in the Nile Delta. He ruled in the Predynastic period in ancient Egyptian history. 

Tiu is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions, along with a small number of kings of Lower Egypt. Nothing else is known of his life or what he did while he was Pharaoh.

Scorpion I

Scorpion I was a king of Upper Egypt during the Predynastic Period, or the period before egypt was united. His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket.

He is believed to have ruled in Thinis one or two centuries before the rule of the better known King Scorpion "II". To him belongs the U-j tomb found in the royal cemetery of Abydos where Thinite kings were buried. 


Thesh

Thesh, or Tjesh, Tesh etc., was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta. He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of Lower Egypt 

Ford Cortina

Ford Cortina was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1962 to 1982. It was named after the Italian ski resort of Cortina d’Ampezzo. From 1970 onwards, it was almost identical to Ford Taunus. It was a very popular and common car in the UK during its time. It was still selling well by the time the Sierra replaced it in 1982, but sales of the remaining stocks of the Cortina continued for a while afterwards.

Closure (computer programming)

In computer science, a closure is a function that has an environment of its own. In this environment, there is at least one bound variable (a name that has a "value", such as a number). The closure's environment keeps the bound variables in memory between uses of the closure.

Peter J. Landin gave this idea the name "closure" in 1964. The Scheme programming language made closures popular after 1975. Many programming languages made after that time have closures.

Anonymous functions (functions with no name) are sometimes wrongly called closures. Most languages that have anonymous functions also have closures. An anonymous function is also a closure if it has an environment of its own with at least one bound variable. An anonymous function with no environment of its own is not a closure. A named closure is not anonymous.

"Values" may be numbers or some other type of data, such as letters, or data structures made up of simpler parts. In the rules of a programming language, the first-class values are values that can be given to functions, returned by functions, and bound to a variable name. Functions that take or return other functions are called higher-order functions. Most languages that have functions as first-class values also have higher-order functions and closures.

For example, take a look at the following Scheme function:

(define (best-selling-books threshold)
In this example, the lambda expression codice_1 is part of the function codice_2. When the function is run, Scheme must make the value of the lambda. It does this by making a closure with the code for the lambda and a reference to the codice_3 variable, which is a free variable inside the lambda. (A "free variable" is a name that is not bound to a value.)

The codice_4 function then runs the closure on each book in the list to pick which books to return. Because the closure itself has a reference to codice_3, the closure can use that value each time codice_4 runs the closure. The function codice_4 itself might be written in a completely separate file.

Here is the same example rewritten in (JavaScript), another popular language with support for closures:

// Return a list of all books with at least 'threshold' copies sold.
function bestSellingBooks(threshold) {
ECMAScript uses the word codice_8 here instead of codice_9, and the codice_10 method in place of the codice_4 function, but otherwise the code does the same thing in the same way.

A function may create a closure and return it. The following example is a function that returns a function.

In Scheme:

(define (derivative f dx)
In ECMAScript:

// Return a function that approximates the derivative of f
// using an interval of dx, which should be appropriately small.
function derivative(f, dx) {
} 
The closure environment keeps the bound variables codice_12 and codice_13 after the "enclosing" function (codice_14) returns. In languages without closures, these values would be lost after the enclosing function returns. In languages with closures, a bound variable must be kept in memory as long as any closure has it.

A closure need not be formed using an anonymous function. The Python programming language, for example, has limited support for anonymous functions but does have closures. For example, one way the above ECMAScript example could be implemented in Python is:

def derivative(f, dx):

In this example, the function named "gradient" makes a closure together with the variables "f" and "dx". The outer enclosing function named "derivative" returns this closure. In this case, an anonymous function would work also.
def derivative(f, dx):
Python must often use named functions instead because its lambda expressions may only contain other "expressions" (code that returns a value) and not "statements" (code that has effects but no value). But in other languages, such as Scheme, all code returns a value; in Scheme, everything is an expression.

Closures have many uses:

In Scheme

(display (bar)) ; prints "none"
(display (bar)) ; prints "meet me by the docks at midnight"

Note: Some speakers call any data structure that binds a lexical environment a closure, but the term usually refers specifically to functions.

Agriculture in Pakistan

Pakistan's principal natural resources are arable land and water. About 25% of Pakistan's total land area is under cultivation and is watered by one of the largest irrigation systems in the world. Agriculture accounts for about 23% of GDP and employs about 44% of the labor force. Pakistan is one of the world's largest producers and suppliers of the following according to the 2005 Food and Agriculture Organization of The United Nations and FAOSTAT given here with ranking:


Pakistan ranks fifth in the Muslim world and twentieth worldwide in farm output. It is the world's fifth largest milk producer.
Agriculture is the back bone of Pakistan's economy. Agriculture has also been the main source of population growth in Pakistan.

Gwadar Bay

Gwadar Bay is near the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran. The name is from Persian, "Khalij-e Gavader" or 'Gulf of Gwadar' on Arabian Sea. It is an inlet of the Arabian Sea indenting the sandy Makran coast at the Iran–Pakistan border. It is about 20 miles (32 km) long and 10 miles (16 km) wide. The Dashtiari River flows into it from the northwest, and the Dasht River from the northeast. The town of Gwadar, Pakistan, is on the Arabian Sea coast about 30 miles (48 km) east of Gwadar Bay.

Huntly, Scotland

Huntly () is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, formerly known as Milton of Strathbogie. It has a population 4,460 2004 and is the site of Huntly Castle.

Huntly was the home town of the writer George MacDonald. Some of his novels, especially the Robert Falconer and Alec Forbes of Howglen play partly in Huntly, even if the name of the town is changed. So they give a rather good introduction to the life in Huntly in the 19th century.

The local football team is Huntly F.C..


Clerkhill

Clerkhill is an area of the town of Peterhead in north east Scotland. Surrounded by the areas of Meethill, Dales Park and Coplandhill, it is one of the smaller areas of the town.

Ellon, Aberdeenshire

Ellon is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, approximately 16 miles north of Aberdeen, lying on the River Ythan (pronounced "eye-than") which has one of the few undeveloped river estuaries on the eastern coast of Scotland. It is in the ancient region of Formartine.



Fraserburgh

Fraserburgh (Scots: The Broch) (Scottish Gaelic: A' Bhruaich) is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland with a population recorded in the 2001 Census at 12,454. It lies at the northeast corner of Aberdeenshire, around north of Aberdeen, and north of Peterhead. It is the largest shellfish port in Europe and a major white fish port and busy commercial harbour. 


Fraserburgh golf club is the fifth oldest club in Scotland and seventh oldest in the world. It has both an 18 hole and a 9 hole course, and a modern clubhouse.

Fraserburgh Football Club is a senior football club that plays in the Highland League. Fraserburgh United FC is a junior football club that plays in the Scottish Junior Football North Premier League (also known as the North Superleague).




Rosehearty

Rosehearty (Gaelic: "Ros Abhartaich"), "Rizarty" in the local dialect, is a village in Scotland. It is on the Moray Firth coast, four miles west of the town Fraserburgh, in the county of Aberdeenshire.

The burgh has about 1,300 people, with about 25 per cent of pensionable age. There are two shops and three hotels in the village.


Stonehaven

Stonehaven ("Steenhive" in the Doric dialect of Scots) and "Cala na Creige" in Gaelic is a town with around fourteen thousand inhabitants (9,577 in the 2001 census) on the northeast coast of Scotland. It is the county town of the historic county of Kincardineshire or The Mearns and the present day county of Aberdeenshire. It grew around an Iron Age fishing village, now the "Auld Toon" ("old town"), and expanded inland from the Seaside. As late as the 16th century, old maps indicate the town was called Stonehyve or Stonehive.

Stonehaven was the birthplace of Robert William Thomson, inventor of the pneumatic tyre and the fountain pen, of journalist James Murdoch and Lord Reith of Stonehaven, first Director-General of the BBC.

Stonehaven was a holiday retreat of the poet, Robert Burns.

The novelist Lewis Grassic Gibbon (James Leslie Mitchell) attended school at what was the old Mackie Academy (now Arduthie Primary). Mackie Academy now serves over 1000 pupils and they study his work.

Famous historical visitors include William Wallace and Mary Queen of Scots.


Turriff

Turriff is a town and parish in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is approximately 166 feet above sea level. It is known locally as Turra in the Doric dialect of Scots. The name appears to be Scottish Gaelic in origin, from ""torr"" meaning a mound or round hill, or ""tur"" meaning a tower.

The Knights Templar appear to have had a base in the area, and a nearby site is still known as "Temple Brae".

Early in 1639, the Marquis of Huntly assembled his forces here, and thereafter went to Kintore in lower Aberdeenshire, eventually marching from there to Aberdeen itself. The Marquis — being informed shortly after his arrival in Aberdeen that a meeting of Covenanters was to be held in Turriff on the fourteenth of February — resolved to disperse them, by occupying the town with 2000 men. The incident was known as the "First raid of Turray".


Danko Jones

Danko Jones is a three-piece hard rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The band consists of Danko Jones (vocals/guitar), JC (also known as John Calabrese) (bass guitar), and Dan Cornelius (drums).

Abercrombie &amp; Fitch

Abercrombie & Fitch () (A&F) is an American clothing retailer sold as a lifestyle brand. The company has four brands: the Abercrombie & Fitch brand, abercrombie kids, Hollister Co., and Gilly Hicks. The company also had another brand called RUEHL No.925 which closed in January 2010. Stores operate in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Italy, France, Denmark, and Japan. It was created by David Abercrombie and Ezra H. Fitch. Abercrombie & Fitch was created in 1892. In this year, David Abercrombie opened the first store in New York City.

Abercrombie, Fife

"This article is about the village in Scotland. For other things with the name Abercrombie, please see Abercrombie."

Abercrombie (Gaelic: "Obar Chrombaidh") is a small village in Fife, Scotland. It is around 1 mile north of the village of St Monans, and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews. Abercrombie was the former name of the parish (church district) of St Monans, although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches.

Jamestown, Fife

Jamestown is a hamlet in Fife, Scotland. The A90 road and the Fife Circle Line are two modes of transport in Jamestown. The nearest ferry is from Rosyth, and goes to Zeebrugge. Edinburgh Airport is the nearest airport.

Bargeddie

Bargeddie () is a small town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways, west of Coatbridge town centre. A location in the same area is named in Timothy Pont's map of 1595, but it appears to be originally spelt as Balgedy.
Former Scottish football player and Arsenal manager, George Graham was born at Bargeddie on 30 November 1944.

Valentina Tereshkova

Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova (; born 6 March 1937), is a Soviet retired cosmonaut. 

She was the first woman to fly in space, aboard Vostok 6 (one of Vostok rocket) on 16 June 1963. She and four others were chosen out of more than 400 other women to fly in space.

In 2011, she was elected to the State Duma of Russia from the United Russia party on the Yaroslavl regional list. Tereshkova, together with Elena Mizulina, Irina Yarovaya and Andrey Skoch, is a member of an inter-factional deputy group for the protection of Christian values; in this capacity, she supported the introduction of amendments to the Russian Constitution, according to which, "Orthodoxy is the basis of the national and cultural identity of Russia." Deputy Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Federal Structure and Local Self-Government since December 21, 2011.

John Dillinger

John Herbert Patrick Stanley Dillinger (June 22, 1903 – July 22, 1934) was an American bank robber in the American Midwest.

Dillinger was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He grew up in Mooresville, Indiana. His first robbery occurred in Mooresville in 1924. He went to prison until 1933. Later, he helped some convicts escape, and formed a gang of robbers with them.

In 1934, Dillinger was accused of killing a policeman. He was transported from Arizona to Indiana. He escaped from jail. His flight across state lines in a stolen vehicle made him a fugitive from the FBI. He formed a gang and robbed banks. He had several gun battles with the men of the FBI. By the middle of 1934, he had robbed 10 banks in four midwestern states.

Dillinger was hiding in Chicago, Illinois, when he was betrayed by the madame of a brothel named Anna Sage. She accompanied him to the Biograph Theater wearing a red dress. This was done so the police could easily see her. Dillinger was gunned down by the FBI as he left the movie theater. Dillinger had chosen to see the Clark Gable gangster movie, "Manhattan Melodrama". Anna Sage became known as "The Lady in Red".


SEAT Arosa

SEAT Arosa was a car produced by SEAT from 1997 through 2014 with a facelift in 2001. It is a badge-engineered version of the Volkswagen Lupo and Škoda Lupo. Its successor appeared in 2012 as the Seat Mii.Skoda Lupo


Kia

SEAT Ibiza

SEAT Ibiza is a car produced by SEAT since 1984. It is currently in its fifth generation. The first generation appeared in 1984 while the second generation was the first based on the Volkswagen Polo and arrived in 1993 while it got a facelift in both 1996 and 1999. It entered its third generation in 2002 while the fourth generation appeared in 2008. The current fifth generation arrived in 2017 which is now 5-door only and there is also a small crossover model based on it called the Arona. The restyled version of the fifth generation of the Ibiza is presented in April 2021.

Commedia dell'arte

Commedia dell'arte is a form of improvisational theatre. It began in Italy in the 16th century. The form continued to be popular during the 17th century and is still popular today.

The title is difficult to translate. A close translation is “comedy of craft”. This is shortened from "commedia dell’arte all’improvviso", or “comedy of improvisation”.

The plays of Commedia dell'arte were often performed by a small group of actors who traveled around and performed in town squares. The actors would pass a hat around for people to put money in.

The earliest known group was in Padua in 1545. By the end of the seventeenth century, there were several troupes (group of actors). These included the Gelosi, Confidenti, and Fedeli. Some troupes were popular at courts outside of Italy. In France, images from the commedia became a favorite theme of well-known artists.

The actors often wore masks. The stories were often about people being cunning. Hunger, love and money were important in the stories. There were several characters who appeared in many of the stories. These are called "stock characters". Examples of stock characters from Commedia dell'arte are: Harlequin, Pantalone, Arlecchino, Colombina, Pulcinella, Pierrot, Scaramuccia.

Commedia dell'arte had a lot of influence on theatre plays in many countries. Punch and Judy shows, popular with children in Britain and other countries, are similar to Commedia dell'arte. They also have stock characters: Punch, Judy, the crocodile, the policeman etc.

Boddam, Aberdeenshire

Boddam is a coastal village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is north of Aberdeen and south of Peterhead. Sea cliffs rise to , south of the village: a coastal path leads along these to the Bullers of Buchan.

The adjoining settlement, on the Aberdeen to Peterhead road, was for many years known simply as Stirling: in 2004, it was renamed Stirling Village, to avoid confusion with the newly granted city of Stirling.


Blackburn, Aberdeenshire

Blackburn is a rapidly growing commuter town in Aberdeenshire just northwest of Aberdeen, Scotland. It has an industrial estate.

Banff and Macduff

Banff (Gaelic "Banbh") and Macduff (Gaelic "MacDhuibh") are neighbouring towns on Banff Bay, both of which are former burghs in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Until 1975 Banff was the county town of Banffshire.

Banff and surrounding areas have a local football team, Deveronvale F.C. and a rugby team, Banff RFC.
Duff House Royal Golf course is bordered by the River Deveron and Duff House.Some interesting holes which can be difficult depending on the wind.
Macduff also has a golf course known as Royal Tarlair. Built on land which ends on precipitous cliffs, lost balls really are lost.

The name "Banff" is uncertain but may be derived from the Scottish Gaelic "Banbh" or "Banbha", a sow, "buinne", a stream, or a contraction of "Bean-naomh", the holy woman (as is reflected in the town's coat-of-arms). Currently, the languages spoken in the town and in its vicinity tend to be the Doric dialect of Scots, and English.



Banchory

Banchory (Scottish Gaelic: "Beannchar", 'blessed place') is a burgh or town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, lying approximately 18 miles west of Aberdeen, near where the Feugh River meets the River Dee.


Laurencekirk

Laurencekirk is a small town in the ancient county of Kincardineshire, modern county of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, just off the A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road. It is the largest settlement in the Howe o' the Mearns area and houses the local secondary school; Mearns Academy, which was awarded the Charter Mark in 2003. The 2004 population is estimated at 3,596.


Inverurie

Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, approximately 16 miles north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and lies on the Northern Express Railway Route from Aberdeen to Inverness. The nearest airport is Aberdeen International Airport at Dyce.

Inverurie Loco Works F.C., playing their matches at Harlaw Park, are the local Highland League football team and Aberdeen F.C. is the nearest Scottish Premier League team. Rugby Union is played by the Garioch Rugby Football Club.

Inverbervie

Inverbervie (Ordnance Survey) is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland, south of Stonehaven, in the Aberdeenshire council area.

The Inverbervie name derives from "Inbhir Beirbhe", meaning "Mouth of the River Bervie" in Scottish Gaelic.


Insch

Insch is a town in Garioch, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is about from the city of Aberdeen. Auchleven and Premnay are villages associated with Insch.


Portsoy

Portsoy (Gaelic: "Port Saoidh") is a burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, formerly in the county of Banffshire.

It is known for:

Peterhead

Peterhead is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Aberdeenshire's largest settlement, having a population of 17,947 at the 2001 Census. Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland. Peterhead is often referred to as 'The Blue Toon' and people who were born there as Blue Tooners. More correctly they are called Bloomogganners, supposedly from the blue worsted stockings that the fishermen originally wore.

Peterhead F.C. are a Scottish Football League side who currently play in the Second Division.



Maud, Aberdeenshire

Maud (Gaelic: "Am Mòd") is a small town in the Buchan area of the Scottish county of Aberdeenshire. Population 610 (2004). Located 13 miles west of Peterhead on the South Ugie Water, Maud rose to prosperity in the nineteenth century as a railway junction of the Formartine and Buchan Railway that ran through Maud to Fraserburgh and Peterhead, but has always been the meeting place of six roads. It has had a variety of names:
the 'New' falling out of use leading to its current name.

Kintore, Aberdeenshire

Kintore (Gaelic: "Ceann Tòrr") is a town and former royal burgh near Inverurie in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, now bypassed by the A96 road between Aberdeen and Inverness. The name Kintore comes from the Gaelic, Ceann-an-torr. "Ceann" means the head, or the end, and "Torr" means a round hill. So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill. This probably refers to Tuach Hill to the south of the town. 

Kemnay

Kemnay (Gaelic: "Ceann a' Mhuigh") is a village 16 miles west of Aberdeen in Scotland. It has a population of about 7040 (2007).

The golfer Paul Lawrie, who famously won the 1999 Open Championship is a former pupil of Kemnay Academy, as is Aberdeen FC footballer Darren Mackie.


Portlethen

Portlethen is a town 7 mi south of Aberdeen, Scotland along the A90. It has expanded rapidly over the last 30 years. Portlethen has a population of about 7000, and more than 800 houses are, as of 2007, were being built on nearby farmland. To the east of Portlethen lie three fishing villages: Findon, Downies and Old Portlethen (now often referred to as "Portlethen Village"). Although Portlethen is a town in terms of population (and it has been granted official town status), it resembles a residential suburb without a clear 'town centre' or focal point.

Lisp

A lisp is a speech problem, linked to the misarticulation of 's'-sounds. This results in unclear speech. In many languages, these sounds are difficult to pronounce. There is a difference between lisping children who are in the process of learning to speak, and lisping adults. In many cases, lisping is easy to treat using specialized therapy. Some characters (especially in cartoons) lisp for a comic effect.

BonziBuddy

BonziBuddy (styled as BonziBUDDY) was a freeware program from BONZI Software. The software was available from 1999 to 2004. It is based on the Microsoft Agent technology. The program is no longer available because it contained a lot of adware, malware, and spyware. Most antivirus software picked up the software as Adware. The user would right click on the character and a menu would come up with different things that the character could do. It could tell jokes, facts, sing songs, download files and keep people on schedule with a calendar. Most things required the purchase of add-ons which would add extra jokes, facts and songs. There were also game add-ons and a speech recognition add-on which was called the 'Talking Add-on Module'. The program itself was advertised as an Internet Companion. The official website stayed open until 2008 and then it was no longer working. BonziBUDDY can still be downloaded by uploads from fans.

For the first version, they used a green bird called Peedy that was created by Microsoft. In 2001, the company made their own character. They called it Bonzi. The character was a purple gorilla. When the program launched, the gorilla would surf onto their screen on a yellow surf board. In later versions, they changed Bonzi's entrance from a surf board to a jungle vine.

BonziBUDDY had a lot of spyware. It would bring out random advertisements, set the homepage to www.bonzi.com and slow down the computer. It was also rated 6th at PCWorld's annoying spyware products. It would also collect personal information about what people do on their computer and that was a legal issue about this software.

Kansas Koyotes

The Kansas Koyotes are a professional indoor football team based out of Topeka, Kansas. The Koyotes compete in the American Professional Football League (APFL). They began play in 2003.

Playing for Pizza

Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham, released on September 25, 2007.
The novel is about an American football player who can no longer get work in the National Football League. His agent, as a last resort, signs a deal for him to play for the Parma Panthers, in Parma, Italy. The quarterback's move to a small city in a foreign land leads to a series of cultural misadventures.

The Grapes of Wrath

The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. It was published in 1939. The book won both the Pulitzer Prize and the Nobel Prize in Literature. It is often read in American high school and college classes. The title of the novel is from "Book of Revelation" 14:19.

The book is about the Joads, a family of farmers. It takes place during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl. Because of drought and changes in the agriculture industry, the Joads are forced to move from their old home to California's Central Valley to find work and land.

The book talks about the problems they face on the way, as they drive through the Dust Bowl to get to California. It also talks about the poverty, discrimination, exploitation and other problems they face once they get to California.


Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (1964) is a children's book by British author Roald Dahl. This story of the adventures of young Charlie Bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric candymaker Willy Wonka is often considered one of the most beloved children's stories of the 20th century. It has been made into a movie not once but twice.

Only five children were to win a golden ticket and to be allowed inside the Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Those who won the lottery would get a magical tour and see all the mysterious machinery in the factory where the world's most wonderful sweets are made. The lucky five were the greedy Augustus Gloop, the spoiled Veruca Salt, the gum-chewing Violet Beauregarde, the TV-loving Mike Teavee and the poor Charlie Bucket. One by one, the children break Wonka's rules by acting on a vice they possess, with Charlie ending up a hero of the story. The book teaches about sins and virtues. 





The book has a sequel called Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator

In 1971, Mel Stuart and Warner Bros made the book into a movie called Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. Then in 2004, there was a play called Roald Dahl’s Willy Wonka. Then in 2005, Tim Burton made a movie remake called Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. In 2010, Peter Ash wrote an opera called The Golden Ticket based on the book. In 2013, David Greig, Marc Shaiman and Scott Whitman wrote a Broadway musical called Charlie and the Chocolate Factory based on the book. In 2017, Warner Bros. and Turner Entertainment made a Tom and Jerry movie called which was a lot like the movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory but with Tom and Jerry as the main characters. 

In 2023, Warner Bros made a prequel movie called Wonka about the origin story of Willy Wonka. 


Be Kind Rewind

Be Kind Rewind is a 2008 American comedy movie starring Jack Black, Mos Def, Danny Glover and Mia Farrow. The movie's name is from a phrase commonly displayed on VHS rental tapes. It is set in Passaic, New Jersey.



University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts

The University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts, also called the College of LS&A (or simply LS&A), is the liberal arts and sciences unit of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Started in 1841 with seven students and two teachers, the college is now the largest part at U-M in terms of the number of students. It is located on the university's Central Campus, which is shared with the Ross School of Business, the School of Information, the UM Law School, and other units.

Oakley, Fife

Oakley is a village in Fife, Scotland.

Upper Largo

Upper Largo or Kirkton of Largo is a small town in the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland.

Pat Benatar

Pat Benatar (born Patricia Mae Andrzejewski on January 10, 1953) is a four-time Grammy Award-winning American rock singer with seven platinum and three gold albums to her credit, as well as 19 Top 40 singles. Pat Benatar was eligible for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004, she was nominated in 2020 and was not elected and chosen for the 2022 class.

Benatar is known for her mezzo-soprano vocal range.



Eurythmics

Eurythmics were a pop music band from Britain. Its two members were Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart. Their most famous song is "Sweet Dreams". Some of their other songs are "Here Comes The Rain Again", "Love Is a Stranger" and "Missionary Man".

The Eurythmics formed in London in 1980 and broke up in 1990. They recorded eight albums during that time. Eurythmics got back together in 1999 and made a ninth album. Then they released a greatest hits album and split again in 2005.

These are the albums made by Eurythmics.


Abingdon

Abingdon may mean:

In Australia :

In England:

In Canada:

In the United States:

Abingdon, Virginia

Abingdon is a town in Washington County, Virginia, 133 miles (214 km) southwest of Roanoke.

Clinton

Clinton can be any of the following:




Cyclotron

A cyclotron is a type of particle accelerator invented by Ernest Lawrence from the University of California, Berkeley in 1930. It accelerates charged particles by whirling them in a circle. The first cyclotrons were the size of a hand. Some modern circular accelerators use a circle as wide as a city.

Cyclotrons use perpendicular magnetic field to bend electrons and particles through into a semicircular path by an applied electric field. The applied electric field accelerates electrons between the "D" electrodes(also called "dees") of the magnetic field region.

The accelerating electric field reverses just at the time the electrons finish their half circle, so that it accelerates them across the gap. With a higher speed, they move in a larger semicircle. After repeating this process several times, they come out the exit port at a high speed.

A moving charge in a cyclotron will move in a circular path under the influence of a constant magnetic field. If the time to complete one orbit is calculated:

formula_1.

It is found that the period is independent of the radius. Therefore if a square wave is applied at angular frequency qB/m, the charge will spiral outward, increasing in speed.

When a square wave of angular frequency ω=qB/m is applied between the two sides of the magnetic poles, the charge will be boosted again at just the right time to accelerate it across the gap. Thus the constant cyclotron frequency can continue to accelerate the charge (so long as it is not relativistic).

Johanna Spyri

Johanna Spyri (12 June 1827 – 7 July 1901) wrote stories for children in the German language. Her most famous book was "Heidi". 

She was born Johanna Heusser in Hirzel, Switzerland. Her father was a doctor and her mother was a poet. 

She lived with her extended family: her grandmother, two aunties, and two cousins as well as her mother, father, two brothers and three sisters. This large household inspired her when she wrote "Gritli's Children". 

She spent several summers around Chur in Graubünden when she was young. This setting was later used in her novels.

Her only education was her village school in Hirzel. She wrote poetry as a child.

She married Bernhard Spyri, an employee , when she was 25. They met when they were children. They lived in Zurich, Switzerland and had only one child, a son, Berhard Diethelm Spyri, in 1855. In Zurich, they were friends with the musician Richard Wagner and poet Conrad Ferdinand Meyer. Both her husband and son died of tuberculosis in 1884.

In 1870, she started writing to help orphans and refugees of the Franco-Prussian War by describing their situation and giving money from her books to help them.

Her first stories were very popular, so she wrote another story about another orphan, Heidi. She published the first part of "Heidi" anonymously in 1881. It became popular, so she wrote the second part in 1882 using her own name. She became very famous, but preferred a quiet, private life.

She wrote more than forty stories for children in German. Most of these stories have been translated into English. "Heidi" is still her most popular book, with new editions still published today.

She died in Berlin on July 7, 1901, but is buried with her family Zurich.


Volvo S60

Volvo S60 is a car produced by Volvo from 2000 to the present day. It entered its second generation in 2010.

Production will begin in late 2018 in Ridgeville, South Carolina. A 2.3 million square foot plant will build approximately 60,000 vehicles per year for the US and export markets. The capacity can go up to 100,000 vehicles per year if demand requires it. The plant is the sixth Volvo, which joins two European sites, two Chinese and one Malaysian. It is expected that about 2,000 workers staff the plant. In April 2017, the construction company completed the construction of the complex's hull.

The third-generation S60 will have the hybrid powertrain and will be one of the five new electric models launched in 2019 with the second generation V60 and a fully electric sports coupe. The third generation of S60 and V60 will also be available as Polestar models.
Production will begin in late 2018 in Ridgeville, South Carolina. A 2.3 million square foot factory will build approximately 60,000 vehicles per year for the US and export markets. The capacity can reach 100,000 vehicles per year if demand so demands. The plant is Volvo's sixth, linking two European sites, two Chinese and one Malaysian. It is expected that about 2,000 workers of the plant. In April 2017, the construction company completed the construction of the complex's hull.

The third generation of the S60 will have the hybrid powertrain and will be one of five new electric models launched in 2019 with the second generation of the V60 and a fully electric sports coupe. The third generation of the S60 and V60 will also be available as models.

Volkswagen Lupo

Volkswagen Lupo was a car made by Volkswagen from 1998 through 2005. The SEAT Arosa was a badge-engineered version of the Lupo.


Guitar World

Guitar World is a music magazine. A new issue is made every month. Articles in the magazine are usually about guitar players. The magazine has interviews, reviews, and information on how to play songs on guitar or bass guitar. The magazine started in July 1980. Johnny Winter was on the first front cover.


Volkswagen Jetta

Volkswagen Jetta is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1979. It is currently in its seventh Generation. The Third Generation Jetta was called the Vento, the Fourth one Bora.

June Tabor

June Tabor (born 31 December 1947) is an English folk singer.

June Tabor wanted to sing after she heard an Anne Briggs record called "Hazards of Love" in 1965. "I went and locked myself in the bathroom for a fortnight and drove my mother mad. I learned the songs on that EP (extended play record) note for note, twiddle for twiddle. That's how I started singing. If I hadn't heard her I'd have probably done something entirely different."

She went to St Hugh's College, Oxford University. In 1968 she was on the TV show "University Challenge", as captain of the college team. She joined the Heritage Society at Oxford University. She sang with a group called "Mistral". One of her first recordings was in 1972 on a collection called "Stagfolk Live". She became famous in 1976 when she made the album "Silly Sisters" with Maddy Prior. She also made her first solo album, "Airs and Graces" in 1976. She recorded again with Prior, this time using the name Silly Sisters for their act together. In 1977 guitar player Martin Simpson worked with her in the recording studio for three albums. He moved to America in 1987. (Simpson has come back from America to be a guest player on her albums in the 2000s.) After he left, she worked with piano player Huw Warren.

Tabor stopped singing after many years as a performer. She worked as a librarian
. With her husband David Taylor she ran a restaurant called "Passepartout" in Penrith, Cumbria, England. She returned to performing in the 1990s.

In 1990, June Tabor made an album with the folk-rock band The Oyster Band called "Freedom and Rain". She went on tour with the Oyster Band. A live recording from the tour was made into an album by the Rykodisc label in 1991. In 1992 singer Elvis Costello wrote "All this Useless Beauty" just for Tabor. She recorded the song on "Angel Tiger". Costello didn't record it himself until 1996, on his album "All This Useless Beauty".

In 1983 June Tabor sang the title song for the BBC TV series "Spyship". In 1997 she was on Ken Russell's TV show, "In Search of English Folk Song" shown on Channel 4. Tim Winton, author of the 2001 novel "Dirt Music", made a selection of music to go with his novel. The CD "Dirt Music" (2001) includes "He Fades Away" by June Tabor, a sad song about the death of a miner. The song was on her 1994 CD "Against the Streams." In 2002, at the "Passchendale Peace Concert" in Flanders, Tabor shared the stage with Coope Boyes and Simpson. On 30th June 2006 BBC Radio 3 broadcast "Night Waves" to remember the anniversary of the Battle of the Somme. It was broadcast live, with World War I songs sung by June Tabor.

Over the years she has worked in various styles including jazz and art song. She usually has a very plain and simple sound with a sad feeling to it. Her 2003 album "An Echo of Hooves" went back to the traditional ballad style. Many people said it was a great album. "Allmusic" said it was "A stunning jewel in a remarkable career, and one of the best things Tabor’s ever released." "Always" (2005) is a boxed set of four CDs, with songs from her whole career. It has many rare recordings.

On 24th October 2003 Tabor appeared on "Later With Jools Holland" (BBC TV), singing "Hughie Graeme". This was later put on a DVD of the series. "Folk Britannia" was the name of a concert at the Barbican centre, and a TV mini-series (February 2006, repeated in October). She sang "Fair Margaret and Sweet William" at the Barbican, under the heading "Daughters of Albion". Tabor sang one song on Ashley Hutchings' album "Street Cries" (2001). She also sang on a collection of folk musicians singing songs by the Beatles - "Rubber Folk" (2006). She sang Lennon's "In My Life" a cappella (with out any instruments).

The way June treats songs is different. For example she often sings traditional songs with just a piano. On the album "Singing The Storm" (2000) she sings with Savourna Stevenson's harp, and Danny Thompson's bass. In May 2004 she performed as part of "The Big Session" and sang Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band. In 1992, The Wire voted her song "Queen Among the Heather" one of the "Top 50 Rhythms of all Time".

She also has a sense of humour and fun. This can be seen in her work with Les Barker's The Mrs Ackroyd Band which performs his funny songs. Tabor has sung on three of their albums. In 1990 on the album "Oranges and Lemmings" she sang "The Trains of Waterloo", a funny version of the folk song "The Plains of Waterloo" in a duet with Martin Carthy. In 1994 on "Gnus and Roses" she sang "The January June", which made fun of her sad and serious singing style. In 2003 on the album "Yelp!" she sang "There's a hole in my bodhran", to the tune of "There's a Hole in my Bucket". She sang two songs on "Beat The Retreat", a tribute to Richard Thompson.

Duo with Maddy Prior

Solo albums

Recordings with The Oyster Band

Recordings with The Mrs Ackroyd Band

Collections



Banjo Paterson

Andrew Barton "Banjo" Paterson, (17 February 18645 February 1941) was a famous Australian bush poet, journalist and author. He wrote many ballads and poems about Australian life. He wrote about life in the country and outback areas of Australia. Much of his work was about the area around Binalong, New South Wales where he spent much of his childhood. Paterson's famous poems include "Waltzing Matilda", "The Man from Snowy River" and "Clancy of the Overflow". Three movies have been made about The Man from Snowy River: The Man from Snowy River (1982), Return to Snowy River (1988), and The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular (2003).
Banjo Paterson has inspired many Australians and continues to do so.

Water hyacinth

Water hyacinths are flowering plants in the genus Eichhornia. There are seven species. It belongs to the family Pontederiaceae of the order Commelinales. The water hyacinth is one of the fastest growing water plants. It is native to South America. It was introduced to the USA in 1884. 

Hyoscyamus niger

Henbane ("Hyoscyamus niger"), also known as stinking nightshade, is a plant of the family Solanaceae that originated in Eurasia, but it is now found everywhere. It is poisonous and should not be eaten.

Viola odorata

Viola odorata is a species of violets (genus "Viola"). It is native to Europe and Asia. The plant has also been introduced to North America and Australia. It is commonly known as Sweet Violet, English Violet, Common Violet, or Garden Violet. The herb is known as Banafsa, Banafsha or Banaksa in India. In India, it is commonly used as remedy to cure sore throat and tonsilitis.

Whitwell, Isle of Wight

Whitwell is a small village with a population of about 500 on the Isle of Wight, an island off the south coast of England. It is close to the town of Ventnor and the village of Niton. The village includes a church, public house and garage. Before to 2004 there was also a post office and village shop, but this has now closed. Public transport is provided by Southern Vectis, the local bus company on route 6.

Clifton Beach, Karachi

Clifton Beach, on the Arabian Sea, is a beach in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan, one of the neighborhoods of Saddar Town, Karachi. The beach has attractions for families and tourists, including beachside horse and camel rides, amusement parks, restaurants, and swimming in the Arabian Sea.

The whole beach area of Clifton and Seaview is considered safe and peacful even in times of political turmoil.

A gated residential area called Seaview Apartments is close to a section of Clifton beach known as Seaview beach or simply Seaview. Farther ahead is Darakhshan Villas which has residential townhouses.

In this very area new CINEPLEX cinema houses were constructed for the entertainment starved people of Karachi, particularly for the people who live in DHA and Clifton. This has happened after around three decades of cinema decline in Pakistan. Hollywood films are released here along with or soon after the international releases of these films. These cinemas are more expensive and are family cinemas meaning that no males or group of males are allowed to watch movies here without being accompanied by families, females or children.

Defence Housing Authority is filling the beach area with sand to obtain more ground and this will push the beach farther, which will change the shape and features of this beach.

Other beaches close to the city include "Sandspit", "Hawke's Bay", and "Paradise Point" - a sandstone rock promontory with a natural arch, but Clifton Beach is the most popular picnic destination in Karachi.

Achillea millefolium

Achillea millefolium or Yarrow is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere.

Other common names for this species include gordaldo, nosebleed plant, old man's pepper, devil's nettle, sanguinary, milfoil, soldier's woundwort, thousand-leaf, and thousand-seal.

The plant commonly flowers from May through June. It is often found in the mildly disturbed soil of grasslands and open forests. The plant has a strong, sweet scent, similar to chrysanthemums.

It has been used as a medicinal plant.

<br>
<br>

Cape Monze

Cape Monze (aka Cape Mount) or Ras Muari is a beach on the Arabian Sea. It is near the Hub River and Gadani Beach in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Philip Brady

Philip Brady (born 16 June 1939) is an Australian media personality.

He was born in Melbourne, Brady was involved in the early days of television. He left school at the age of 18 and started working as a booth announcer at Channel Nine in 1958.
He appeared with Graham Kennedy on "In Melbourne Tonight". He stayed at Channel 9 until 1971 when he worked for a travel agent in Beaumaris. In the 1970s, Brady hosted several television shows including "Moneymakers", "Casino Ten", "Password", "Get the Message", and "Everybody’s Talking". In 1986, he moved to the Gold Coast and hosted a radio show on Easy Listening 97 Tweed Heads. He came back to Melbourne in 1990 and began a long-lasting partnership with Bruce Mansfield hosting "Remember When" and "Nightline" on 3AW.


St Helens, Isle of Wight

St. Helens is a small village and civil parish on the eastern side of the Isle of Wight.


Hamstead, Isle of Wight

Hamstead is a village on the Isle of Wight. It is located about three miles east of Yarmouth, in the northwest of the island.

Inner Mongolia

Inner Mongolia (Mongolian: , Öbür mongul; ; occasionally romanized to Nei Mongol) is the Mongol autonomous region of the People's Republic of China and lies in the north of the country.

Inner Mongolia borders, from east to west, the provinces of Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Hebei, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, and Gansu, while to the north it borders Mongolia and Russia. It is the third-largest subdivision of China spanning almost 300 million acres or 12% of China's land area. It has a population of about 24 million. The capital is Hohhot.

The majority of the population in the region are Han Chinese, with a large Mongol minority. The official languages are Standard Mandarin and Mongolian, the latter written in the classical alphabet. 
In Chinese, the region is known as "Inner Mongolia", where the terms of "Inner/Outer" come from Manchu "dorgi"/"tulergi". Inner Mongolia is distinct from Outer Mongolia, which was a term used by the Republic of China and previous governments to refer to what is now the independent state of Mongolia plus the Republic of Tuva in Russia. 
In Mongolian, the region is known as "öbör mongγol" where "öbör" can mean south, inner, front, bosom, breast.

Han Chinese are the largest ethnic group, about 80% of the population. Mongols are the second largest ethnic group, about 17% of the population. There are more Mongols living in Inner Mongolia than in the independent nation of Outer Mongolia.

Excludes members of the People's Liberation Army in active service.

In the capital city Hohhot:

Elsewhere in Inner Mongolia:


Yafford

Yafford is a hamlet on the Isle of Wight. It is nine kilometres from Newport in the southwest of the island.

Yaverland

Yaverland is a village on the Isle of Wight, just north of Sandown. It has about 200 houses, no shops and one post box. About 1/3 of a mile away from the village, behind Culver Down, is the Yaverland Manor and Church.

Newport, Isle of Wight

Newport is the county town of the Isle of Wight, an island off the south coast of England. Newport has a population of 23,957 according to the 2001 census. The town is slightly to the north of the centre of the island, at the head of the navigable section of the River Medina, which flows northward to the Solent, and on which the town has a quay.


Gatcombe

Gatcombe is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight. It is four kilometres from Newport in the centre of the island. St. Olave's Church is a Gatcombe church dedicated in 1292, serving as chapel to Gatcombe Manor. The Gatcombe parish was established in 1560.

A carved wooden effigy of Edward Estur, a local knight who fought in the Crusades, is in the church. 

Godshill

Godshill is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight. About 2,800 people lived there in 1998. It is located between Newport and Ventnor in the southeast of the island. There are pubs called the "Griffin"- featuring a large maze, and "The Taverners".

Easton, Isle of Wight

Easton is a village on the Isle of Wight. It is close to Totland in the west of the island.

Arreton

Arreton is a village and civil parish in the central eastern part of the Isle of Wight, England. It is about 3 miles south east of Newport.

Alverstone

Alverstone is a village 3 kilometres from the east coast of the Isle of Wight, near Sandown. When Richard Webster became Chief Justice of England in 1900, he chose the title Lord Alverstone because it was the title he was permitted to choose which was "closest" to Sandown, one of his favorite locales.

Adgestone

Adgestone is a small hamlet on the Isle of Wight. It is close to Brading in the east of the island.

Brading

The ancient 'Kynges Towne' of Brading is the main town of the civil parish of the same name, which used to cover about a tenth of the Isle of Wight but now includes the town itself and Adgestone, Morton, Nunwell and other outlying areas between Ryde, St Helen's, Bembridge, Sandown and Arreton.

Mr. T

Mr. T, whose real name is Laurence Tureaud (born May 21, 1952) is an American actor. He is famous for playing Sgt. Bosco "B. A." Baracus in "The A-Team" and James "Clubber" Lang in "Rocky III". "Mr. T" has a popular catch phrase, "I Pity the Fool", which lead to the name of a reality television series he appeared on. He also had a comic series called "Mr T and the T-force". "Mr. T" is known for having a mohawk hairstyle and wearing a lot of gold jewelry.

Tureaud was born in Chicago. Before he became an actor, he was a bodyguard. 

Mr. T is a born-again Christian.

Tureaud made his neighbors in a Chicago suburb called Lake Forest angry. He cut down more than a hundred oak trees on his estate. This is now called "The Lake Forest Chain Saw Massacre".
He gave up almost all his gold, one of his identifying marks, after helping with the cleanup after Hurricane Katrina in 2005. He said, "As a Christian, when I saw other people lose their lives and lose their land and property...I felt that it would be a sin before God for me to continue wearing my gold. I felt it would be insensitive and disrespectful to the people who lost everything, so I stopped wearing my gold."

Céline Dion

Céline Marie Claudette Dion, (; born March 30, 1968) is a Canadian singer. She is mostly known for the song "My Heart Will Go On", which was made for the film "Titanic". Dion became famous internationally in 1988 after winning the Eurovision Song Contest.

She was born in the town of Charlemagne, Quebec, Canada. She is the youngest of 14 children. Her parents were television personality Thérèse Dion (1927–2020) and businessman Adhémar Dion (1923–2003). 

On December 30, 1994, Dion married her manager René Angélil. They have three sons: René-Charles Angélil (born on January 25, 2001), and twins Eddy Angélil and Nelson Angélil (born on October 23, 2010). René died on January 14, 2016 from cancer. Her older brother, Daniel, died from cancer two days later, on what would have been Angélil's 74th birthday. 

When she was 12 years old, her brother sent a recording to a manager named René Angélil. With his help, she released her first album in 1981, and her first English album in 1990. 

Dion first had international recognition in the 1980s. She won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest where she represented Switzerland.

Her popularity continued through the 1990s. She recorded the song "My Heart Will Go On" for the film "Titanic". 

In 2007, she performed a show with Elvis Presley, which was arranged on the computer with old images from Elvis shows. It had been arranged for the TV show "American Idol". 

She has sold the most albums in the world for a female artist. For that, she received a special World Music Award in 2004. She has also sold the most French albums with 7 million copies. Dion is the best-selling Canadian artist of all time.

In 2018, Dion released the song "Ashes", which appears on the soundtrack to the film "Deadpool 2", starring fellow Canadian Ryan Reynolds.
French-language studio albums

English-language studio albums

Cowes

Cowes is an English seaport town on the Isle of Wight, an island south of Southampton. Cowes is on the west bank of the estuary of the River Medina facing the smaller town of East Cowes on the east Bank. The western town is sometimes referred to as West Cowes where distinction is needed - such as at the two differing ferry landings.


Adamsville, Alabama

Adamsville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 4,366.

Alabaster, Alabama

Alabaster is a city and southern suburb of Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 33,284.

Alabaster is located at (33.231162, -86.823829).

The city has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.

Shelby County, which is the geographical center of Alabama, was created on 7 February 1818 by an act of the Alabama Territorial General Assembly. The county was named for Isaac Shelby. He was a hero of the King's Mountain Battle during the American Revolutionary War. Alabama gained statehood on 14 December 1819.

Many of the first settlers came from South Carolina, Tennessee, and Kentucky. Many came to this region after the Battle of Horseshoe Bend in 1814. The 1820 census records say that Shelby County contained 2,492 people at that time, 2,044 whites and 448 Africans.

U.S. Highway 31 was a two-lane highway at that time. Because it was the main artery from Birmingham to Montgomery, the highway played an important part in the growth of the community.

George L. Scott, Sr. was an Alabaster pioneer. He owned and operated Alabaster Lime Co. His shipping point, which was named after him, was known as “Scott Rock”. Later, houses were built for his employees to live in. These houses became a community. It got its name from alabaster, a white chalky mineral. The First Bank of Alabaster opened in 1952. Its president was George L. Scott, Jr. He later became the first mayor of Alabaster. The first attempt in 1952 to incorporate Alabaster failed. In January 1953 the petition was filed again. On 23 February 1953, Alabaster was officially incorporated. There were 427 people living there. Other Alabaster pioneers were Kenton B. Nickerson and William J. Maxwell. In 1955, the Alabaster Water and Gas Board was formed. Alabaster merged with the adjoining city of Siluria, Alabama April 27, 1971.


Alexander City, Alabama

Alexander City is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 14,843.

Aliceville, Alabama

Aliceville is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,177.


Ashville, Alabama

Ashville is a city in St. Clair County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,346 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of St. Clair County along with Pell City.

Anniston, Alabama

Anniston is a city in, and county seat of, Calhoun County in the state of Alabama, United States. In 2020, the city had a population of 21,564.

In 2002, an investigation by" 60 minutes" showed Anniston was among the most toxic cities in the country. The main source of local contamination was a Monsanto chemical factory, which was closed.


Andalusia, Alabama

Andalusia is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 8,805.


Public education is provided by Andalusia City School System. which consists of Andalusia Elementary School, Andalusia Middle School, and Andalusia High School.


Digitalis

Digitalis is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials shrubs, and biennals that are commonly called foxgloves. The genus is native to Europe, western and central Asia, and northwestern Africa.

The term digitalis is also used for preparations containing cardiac glycosides, particularly digoxin, extracted from plants of this genus.

Melbourne Central Shopping Center

Melbourne Central Shopping Center is a shopping center (or mall) in Melbourne, Australia. It contains hundreds of different stores.

Martin Carthy

Martin Carthy MBE, is an English folk singer and guitarist. He was one of the first performers in the renewed interest in British folk music in the 1960s. He has inspired other musicians such as Bob Dylan, Paul Simon and Richard Thompson. He is seen as one of the most important people in English folk music.

Martin Carthy was born in Hatfield on 21 May 1941. He grew up in Hampstead, North London. After he left school he had a number of jobs. He worked behind the scenes at the open air theatre at Regent's Park as a prompter (helping actors who forgot their words). He later worked as an assistant stage manager (ASM) on a tour of "The Merry Widow". He then worked at Theatre in the Round in Scarborough. He then sang in coffee bars. He became a resident (regular act) at The Troubadour Folk Club in Earls Court in the early 1960s. He joined Redd Sullivan's "Thameside Four" in 1961. He is a famous solo performer of traditional songs. He has a very special individual style of guitar playing on his old Martin Guitar. He uses different ways of tuning his guitar. He has a strongly percussive (drum like) picking style that brings out the melody. His first album, "Martin Carthy", was released in 1965. It had Dave Swarbrick playing fiddle playing on some songs, although he was not named on the album cover. Carthy's way of playing the traditional song Scarborough Fair was used by Paul Simon on the Simon and Garfunkel album Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme in 1966. Simon did not admit that he had used Carthy's version.

Carthy has also worked with many other musicians. He has sung with The Watersons since 1972. He been a member of the UK electric folk group Steeleye Span at two different times. He was a member of the famous Albion Country Band 1973 line-up. This had members from the band Fairport Convention and John Kirkpatrick. This group recorded the original and important album "Battle of the Field". Carthy was part of the new and different band Brass Monkey which mixed brass instruments, Carthy's guitar and mandolin and John Kirkpatrick's accordion, melodeon and concertina.

For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creating music with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick. He has also worked with his partner Norma Waterson and their daughter Eliza Carthy in a group called . 

In June 1998 he was made an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours. He was named "Folk Singer of the Year" at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in 2002 and again in 2005. In 2005 he also won the award for "Best Traditional Track" for 'Famous Flower of Serving Men'. In the 2007 Folk Awards Martin Carthy and Dave Swarbrick won "Best duo".










Atmore, Alabama

Atmore is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 8,391. The city was named for Mr. C.P. Atmore.

Attalla, Alabama

Attalla is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census, the city had a population of 5,827.


York, Alabama

York is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,414.

New Hope, Alabama

New Hope is a small town in Madison County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population is 2,889. It was incorporated in 1832 under the name of Vienna. The original town was completely burned by the Union Army on December 15, 1864, during the American Civil War.

Uniontown, Alabama

Uniontown is a city in Perry County, Alabama in the United States of America. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 2,107.


Union Springs, Alabama

Union Springs is a city in and the county seat of Bullock County, Alabama, United States. The population was 3,358 at the 2020 census.


Vestavia Hills, Alabama

Vestavia Hills is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is a suburb of the city of Birmingham.


Vernon, Alabama

Vernon is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 1,921. The city is the county seat of Lamar County.


Valley, Alabama

Valley is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States. According to the 2020 census, there are 10,529 people living there.

Valley is located in the southeastern Chambers County at 32°48'41" North, 85°10'41" West (32.811387, -85.177938). According to the , it has a total area of , all land.

It is located on the Alabama-Georgia state line.

Valley is part of a larger area called the LaGrange Micropolitan Statistical Area. It consists of Chambers County and Troup County, Georgia.

Its climate usually has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the system, Valley has a humid subtropical climate. It is often abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps. 

As of the census of 2020, there were 10,529 people and 4,336 households in the city. Its was 817 people per square mile (315/km). There were 4,910 housing units at an average density of 381 per square mile (147/km).

In 2021, the median income for a household in the city was $51,476, and the median income for a family was $54,571. The for the city was $24,905. About 13.4% of the population were below the , including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

Valley is served by the .


Valley Grande, Alabama

Valley Grande is a city in Dallas County, Alabama, United States, just north of Selma. Incorporated in early 2003, Valley Grande is governed by a mayor-council form of government.

Northport, Alabama

Northport is a city in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population is 31,125. It is part of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Meadows Mall

The Meadows Mall is a mall in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA. Its address is 4300 Meadows Lane. With 140 stores inside, the mall building is two stories high. Within the mall is a food court, and four department stores: Dillard's, Sears, JCPenney, and Macy's. The mall is slightly larger than Boulevard Mall, which contains 149 stores.

Jacksonville, Alabama

Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 14,385. It is included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Jackson, Alabama

Jackson is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. The population was 4,748 at the 2020 census.

Irondale, Alabama

Irondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham. At the 2020 census the population was 13,497. The book (later a movie) "Fried Green Tomatoes", by Irondale native Fannie Flagg, is loosely based around the town and the landmark Irondale Cafe, known as The WhistleStop Cafe in the book & Film.

Winfield, Alabama

Winfield is a city in Fayette and Marion counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 4,845 at the 2020 census, the second largest city in Marion County.


Wetumpka, Alabama

Wetumpka is a city in Elmore County, Alabama, United States. According to the 2020 US census, there are 7,220 people living there. The city is the county seat of Elmore County. It is the third fastest growing county in the state. Together with Montgomery, Prattville, Millbrook, and Tallassee the city is considered part of the Montgomery Metropolitan Area, or River Region. There are approximately 386,047 people living in the region. 

Three major films have been filmed on location in downtown Wetumpka. 


Weaver, Alabama

Weaver is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,339. It is included in the Anniston-Oxford, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Warrior, Alabama

Warrior is a city in Jefferson and Blount County in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census the population was 3,224.

Jacksonville

Jacksonville may mean:

Colleges & universities:

Football:

Other:

Why I Am Not a Christian

Why I Am Not a Christian is an essay by the British philosopher Bertrand Russell. It describes the reasons why Russell does not believe in God and doubts religion.

At first, a talk given March 6, 1927 at Battersea Town Hall, at the South London Branch of the National Secular Society. It was published that year as a pamphlet and was later published, with other essays, in the book, "Why I Am Not a Christian: And Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects" ().



Moapa Valley

Moapa Valley is a 40-mile valley and region in the American State of Nevada. Within the valley are four towns: Overton, Logandale, Moapa, and Glendale, Nevada. Logandale and Overton are so close to each other that it is hard to tell them apart without a sign. Moapa Valley was formed by the Muddy River, which flows through it.

Moapa Valley has many archaeological sites, mostly created by the Anasazi Native Americans, which were largely damaged by construction. 

Moapa Valley is also the location of the Lost City Museum, which is a museum displaying artifacts and reconstructed adobe pueblos built on the original sites of the pueblos.

