Aquarium (group)

Aquarium (Аква́риум in Russian) is a Russian rock band. It was formed in Leningrad in 1972 by Boris Grebenshchikov and Anatoly "George" Gunitsky.

Until 1987 Aquarium recorded all of their albums in a self-assembled underground studio. Despite those hard conditions, the recording quality was rather high and Aquarium's albums between 1980 and 1987 are considered by most fans as their best.

In 1987 they recorded their first album for the state-owned Melodiya record label. With official backing and legalized distribution the album was a hit in USSR, selling well over a million copies within a few months. Aquarium today consists of Boris Grebenshchikov, Boris Rubekin (keyboards), Andrey Surotdinov (violin), Igor Timofeyev (guitars, saxophones and flutes), Andrey Svetlov (bass), Oleg "Shar" Shavkunov (drums and percussion).

Studio albums:




Chondrichthyes

Chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fishes are the sharks and their relatives. They have jaws and paired fins, paired nostrils, scales, two-chambered hearts, and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone. They are divided into two subclasses: Elasmobranchii (sharks, rays and skates) and Holocephali (chimaera, sometimes called ghost sharks).


Alexey Ekimyan

Alexey Ekimyan (, (April 10, 1927, Baku - April 24, 1982, Moscow) was a famous Armenian-Russian composer, and author of popular songs. Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia (police) and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region. He was considered the only popular composer in the world who ruled a law-enforcement department at the same time. Ekimyan awarded by the ""Renowned Master of the Arts"" Armenian SSR official title.

Ekimyan's first song for the Moscow International Festival (1957) was approved by Vano Muradeli ("I don't know if you would become a general, but you would become a composer!"). His songs were performed and recorded by prominent Soviet singers that include Lyudmila Zykina, Iosif Kobzon, Lusine Zakaryan. Some hits by Ekimyan were chosen for the "Song of the Year" all-Soviet festivals during the 1970s-'80s.

The documentary film-concert "Paths of My Memory" (1979, 27 min.) by Yerevan Studio is dedicated to the Alexey Ekimyan. 

Ekimyan died on April 24, 1982. He is buried in Yerevan, Armenia. 



Mikael Tariverdiev

Mikael Tariverdiev (15 August 1931, Tbilisi, Georgia – 24 June 1996, Sochi, Russia) was a prominent Soviet composer. He was born of Armenian parents in Georgia but lived in Russia. 

He is an author of over 100 romances and 2 operas. But most of all he is known for his music in many popular Soviet movies.

Mikael Tariverdiev was a recipient of multiple awards, including the USSR State Prize (1977) and the prize of the American Academy of Music (1975). He was made People's Artist of Russia in 1986.

The Best Music prize at the largest Russian national film festival Kinotaur is named after Tariverdiev.


Bergen

Bergen is the second largest city and municipality in Norway. The city has a population of 275,000 in the municipality, and 238,098 in the urban area. Bergen was a county until 1972, when it was merged with Hordaland. The old wharf "Bryggen" is a World Heritage Site.

Bergen is on the west coast of Norway, and it exports a lot of fish. It has a temperate oceanic climate, with high rainfall every month.


1456

The year 1456 (MCDLVI) was a leap year. The year started on Thursday for people using the Julian calendar.

Winchester

Winchester is a city in the county of Hampshire, England. It was the capital of Saxon England. It is the home of Winchester College, the oldest continually living public school in England. Winchester was made the capital city of Wessex by King Egbert in 827, and later made the capital of England. It is around 10 miles from neighbouring city, Southampton.

Axial tilt

In astronomy, axial tilt is the angle between a planet's rotational axis at its north pole and a line perpendicular to the orbital plane of the planet. It is also called axial inclination or obliquity. The axial tilt of Earth is the cause of seasons like summer and winter on Earth.


The axial tilts of Venus, Uranus and Pluto are greater than 90 degrees for the following reasons:




Dollhouse (TV series)

Dollhouse was an hour-long American television series. The series is written by producer Joss Whedon and stars Eliza Dushku. Whedon and Dushku both worked together on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its darker spin-off " Angel". Tim Minear, who also worked with "Buffy" and "Angel" is also involved. The series is made by 20th Century Fox Television. Twelve episodes of "Dollhouse" aired on FOX. Two more episodes that were not shown on television will be on the DVD collection of episodes.

In "Dollhouse", Eliza Dushku plays a young woman named Echo. She is one of a group of men and women who can have "personality packages" put into their minds. These packages can include many things, for example, memory, skills, language and muscle memory. These people live in a futuristic dormitory/laboratory named the "Dollhouse". They are given special personas as part of the personality packages. These are used to do many different types of assignments. For example, the jobs could be romantic, adventurous, strange, or illegal. After the assignment, the information is removed from their minds and they are left in a child-like state with no memories. The series follows Echo as she begins to remember things even though her mind is constantly being erased and new memories implanted into it.


Hydrostatic equilibrium

Hydrostatic equilibrium happens when the pull of gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure-gradient force in the other direction. The balance of these two forces is known as the hydrostatic balance. It flattens the surface of undisturbed liquids.

Right ascension

Right ascension (abbreviated RA; symbol α) is the astronomical word for one of the two coordinates of a point on the celestial sphere when using the equatorial coordinate system. It is the celestial counterpart to longitude. The other coordinate is the declination.

The moon, planets and stars all have their own right ascension. Many of them are listed in an almanac. Using arithmetic, the object’s right ascension and declination indicate where to look in the sky to see the object.


Declination

Declination (abbrev. dec or δ) is a word used in astronomy to describe one of the two coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system, the other being either right ascension or hour angle. Dec is comparable to latitude, projected onto the celestial sphere, and is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator.

Retrograde and direct motion

Direct motion is the motion of a planetary body in a direction similar to that of other bodies within its system, and is sometimes called prograde motion.

Retrograde motion is motion in the opposite direction. In the case of celestial bodies such as the retrograde Carme group of moons, such motion may be real, defined by the natural rotation or orbit of the body. 

Every so often a planet "seems" to change direction and go the other way for a short period of time (in relation to the fixed stars). It makes a "retrograde loop" or squiggle in its track before carrying on as normal. This apparent retrograde motion, however, is only seen because the Earth is moving. It is only seen when outer planets are near opposition. 

Prograde or direct motion is usually the case. That is because "both the star and its planets formed out of the same disk of gas". By definition the disk rotates all in the sane direction because gravity links all the objects which are formed by the shrinking of the primordial disk of gas.

All eight planets in the Solar System orbit the Sun in the direction of the Sun's rotation, which is counterclockwise when viewed from above the Sun's north pole. Six of the planets also rotate about their axis in this same direction. 

The exceptions – the planets with retrograde rotation – are Venus and Uranus. Venus's axial tilt is 177°, which means it is rotating almost exactly in the opposite direction to its orbit. 

Uranus has an axial tilt of 97.77°, so its axis of rotation is approximately parallel with the plane of the Solar System. The reason for Uranus's unusual axial tilt is not known with certainty. During the formation of the Solar System, it is thought an Earth-sized protoplanet collided with Uranus, causing the skewed orientation. But see also Grand tack hypothesis.

Planetesimal

Planetesimals are small, solid objects thought to exist in protoplanetary disks around a young or forming star. Planetesimals are created when dust particles collide. 

Achondrite

An achondrite is a stony meteorite that is made of material similar to terrestrial basalts or plutonic rocks. Compared to the chondrites, they have all been differentiated and reprocessed to a lesser or greater degree from the effects to melting and recrystallization on or within meteorite parent bodies.

Basalt

Basalt is a common grey to black rock. It is pushed out (extruded) by volcanos. The lava is rich in magnesium and iron. 

It has olivine and pyroxene minerals which make it dark in colour. Basalt is usually fine-grained because the lava cools rapidly on the Earth's surface. Flood basalts are commonplace, formed by lava pouring out and solidifying.

On Earth, most basalt magmas have formed by the hot molten mantle. Basalt is a type of intrusive rock meaning it forms inside of the volcano. Basalt has also formed on Earth's Moon, Mars, Venus, and even on the asteroid Vesta. 

The crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are made mostly of basalt, produced from upwelling mantle below mid-ocean ridges. 

Unweathered basalt is black or grey. Basalt blocks are often used for roads and pavements (sidewalks), and for houses and other buildings. It is hard-wearing and heat resistant. 

Basalt can be made into fibre. Basalt fibre is often used as a safe replacement for asbestos. Intense heat and pressure can change basalt into its metamorphic rock equivalent. The rocks known as greenstone are basalt which has been metamorphised. See metamorphic rock for more details. 

Aswan

Aswan (, population 200,000) is a city in the south of Egypt and the capital of the Aswan Governorate. It is on the east bank of the Nile and is a busy market and tourist center.

Aswan is one of the driest places in the world where people live; as of early 2001, the last rain there was 6 years earlier. As of October 13, 2007, the last rainfall was a thunderstorm on May 13, 2006. In Nubian settlements, the people often do not put a roof over all of the rooms in their houses.


Carl Barks

Carl Barks (March 27, 1901 – August 25, 2000) was a famous cartoonist. He was the inventor of Scrooge McDuck, the Beagle Boys, Gyro Gearloose and many other Walt Disney characters. He was often called the most important artist in Disney comics.

Carl Barks was born on March 27, 1901, near Merrill, Oregon, as part of a farming family. At the age of 10, he became interested in art for the first time. When he was 15, his mother died, and he began to help his father on the family's farm. In 1935, he took a contract with Disney and started as one of the studio's artists. Some months later, he become a part of Ted Sears "Story Department" at the Disney studios, where he wrote more than two dozen stories for short films with Donald Duck and other characters until 1942.

In 1942 he went to "Western Publishing". There he started drawing comics with Donald Duck and later with other characters - most of them he created by himself. He held this job until 1966, when he retired.

By the early 1990s, Carl Barks had become a comic legend. In 1994, at the age of 93, for the first time in his long life, he traveled to Europe and visited around a dozen countries. Some months earlier, his third wife, Margaret, called Garé, had died at the age of 75.

In 1999, leukemia began to destroy Barks' body. The "Duck Man" died, aged 99, on August 25, 2000, at his home in Grants Pass, Oregon.

Jay-Z

Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z (stylized as JAY-Z), is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, record executive, entrepreneur, businessman, investor and actor. He is the former CEO of Def Jam Recordings and Roc-A-Fella Records. Jay-Z co-owns The 40/40 Club and the Brooklyn Nets NBA team. He is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and businessmen in America. Jay-Z has several nicknames, "Jigga", "Hova", "Young Hov", and "The Greatest Rapper Alive".

In June 2019, it was reported that Jay-Z had become the first billionaire rapper.

Jay-Z was born as Shawn Corey Carter in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. He was raised in Marcy Houses, a housing project in Brooklyn's Bedford–Stuyvesant. After their father Adnis Reeves abandoned the family, Jay-Z and his three siblings were raised by their mother, Gloria Carter. Reeves would later meet and reconcile with Jay-Z shortly before dying in 2003. Jay-Z claims in his lyrics that in 1982, at age 12, he shot his older brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. Along with rapper AZ he attended Eli Whitney High School in Brooklyn until it was closed. He then attended nearby George Westinghouse Career and Technical Education High School with rappers The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes, followed by a stint at Trenton Central High School in Trenton, New Jersey, though he did not graduate. According to his interviews and lyrics, he sold crack cocaine and was shot at three times during this period.

According to his mother, Jay-Z used to wake up his siblings at night banging out drum patterns on the kitchen table. She bought him a boombox for his birthday, sparking his interest in music, and he began freestyling and writing lyrics. Known as "Jazzy" around the neighborhood, he later adopted the stage name "Jay-Z" in homage to his mentor Jaz-O. Jay-Z can be briefly heard on several of Jaz-O's early recordings in the late 1980s and early 1990s, including "H. P. Gets Busy", "The Originators" and "Hawaiian Sophie". Jay-Z became embroiled in several battles with rapper LL Cool J in the early 1990s. He first became known to a wide audience on the posse cut "Show and Prove" on the 1994 Big Daddy Kane album Daddy's Home. Jay-Z has been referred to as Big Daddy Kane's hype man during this period, although Kane explains that he did not fill the traditional hype man role, and was instead basically making cameo appearances on stage. "When I would leave the stage to go change outfits, I would bring out Jay-Z and Positive K and let them freestyle until I came back to the stage." The young Jay-Z appeared on a popular song by Big L, "Da Graveyard", and on Mic Geronimo's "Time to Build", which also featured early appearances by DMX and Ja Rule in 1995. His first official rap single was called "In My Lifetime", for which he released a music video in 1995. An unreleased music video was also produced for the B-side "I Can't Get with That."

In 2003, Jay-Z stopped rapping, because he found that there were not enough good rappers to compete with him. He said that the game was too easy for him. He decided to concentrate more on his producer career than his rap career. He became the president of Def Jam Recordings. He signed a lot of great artists such as Rihanna, Ne-Yo and Kanye West. He also became a businessman by creating his own clothing company, Rocawear, and owning a part of the Brooklyn Nets, an NBA basketball team.

After a step back in his career, he made a decision in 2006 to come back into the game. He created the albums "Kingdom Came" and the year after "American Gangster". In 2009, he released Blue print 3, but in 2011 he teamed up with Kanye West to do an LP called "Watch the Throne". This album went triple hit, made the top rap charts for August and also nominated for the Grammy for the best rap Album. Now, he is known to be one of the best rappers of all time. In April 2011 Jay-Z started a website called "Life+ Times". He also took part in Barack Obama’s last elections. Jay-Z's twelfth album, "Magna Carta Holy Grail", was released in July 2013. The album topped the chart to number one. It was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2013 BET Hip Hop Awards. The first single on the album, "Holy Grail", features Justin Timberlake singing in it. It reached number four on the US "Billboard" 100. In South Korea it reached number one. Jay-Z's wife Beyoncé sings on "Part II (On the Run)". In December 2013 Jay-Z was nominated for nine Grammy Awards. This was more than anyone else that year. He rapped on his wife Beyoncé Knowles' fifth album "Beyoncé".

Together with Beyoncé, Jay-Z has three children: daughter Blue Ivy (born 2012) and twins Rumi and Sir Carter, who were born in June 2017.

JAY-Z has released the following albums during his career:



Ripon

Ripon is a small cathedral city in North Yorkshire, England. In the 2001 census Ripon had a population of 15,922. In England only Wells, Ely and the City of London are smaller.

Ripon was one of the boroughs reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835. It stayed a borough in the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974. Under the Local Government Act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire. Because it is an urban (town) parish Ripon can call its parish council Ripon City Council, the chairman of its parish council is called the City Mayor.


Ripon (disambiguation)

Ripon is a city in North Yorkshire, England.

Ripon or Rippon may also refer to:





What's It Gonna Be

What's It Gonna Be is a single by Beyoncé from the Japanese edition of her debut album "Dangerously in Love" (2003), the bonus CD of her first DVD "Live at Wembley" (2004), and the Wal-Mart edition of Destiny's Child's fourth studio album "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). A 7" promo single containing three different versions of the song plus three different versions of Faith Evans' cover of Donna Summer's 1978 "Heaven Knows" (which was part of the official soundtrack to "The Fighting Temptations") was released. The song was used in Knowles' adds for L'Oréal.

Side A:

Side B:

Senegal River

The Senegal River is a river in West Africa. It is 1,800 km long and is the border between Senegal and Mauritania. Pliny the Elder called it "Bambotus" (from a word meaning "hippopotamus") and Claudius Ptolemy called it "Nias". Hanno the Carthaginian went to the river in about 450 BC when he was going from Carthage to Mount Cameroon in the Gulf of Guinea. Carthage was destroyed in 146 BC, but before that time there was probably trade from here to the Mediterranean Sea.

The Semefé River and Bafing River meet in Bafoulabé and this forms the Senegal River. The Semefé and Bafing rivers' sources are in Guinea. The Bafing River flows through Mali and the Semefé is the Mali-Senegal border.

Near the river's mouth, the Senegal goes through Biffeche and there is an island in the river. The city of Saint-Louis is on this island. The river then turns south. There is a thin line of sand and this separates the river from the Atlantic Ocean. The line of sand is called the Langue de Barbarie. After this, the river enters the Atlantic Ocean. The river has two large dams: the Manantali Dam in Mali, and the Maka-Diama Dam on the Mauritania-Senegal border, near the sea. The Manantali Dam makes a reservoir. The Maka-Diama Dam stops salt water going deep into the countryside.

The Senegal River takes its water from 483,181 km² of land. About 8 000 000 km³ of water goes along the river every year. The Faleme River, Karakoro River, and Gorgol River join the Senegal River.

In 1972, Mali, Mauritania and Senegal made the Organisation pour la mise en valeur du fleuve Sénégal (OMVS). This organisation manages the land around the river. Guinea joined this organisation in 2005.


Diprotodont

The Diprotodontia is a large order of about 120 Australasian marsupial mammals. It includes the kangaroos, wallabies, possums, koala, wombats, and many others. 

Extinct members include the giant Diprotodon family, and "Thylacoleo", the so-called "marsupial lion".

Order DIPROTODONTIA


† means extinct family, genus or species.

Live in Atlanta

Destiny's Child: Live in Atlanta features Destiny's Child performing live in Atlanta, Georgia at Philips Arena on July 15, 2005 during their "Destiny Fulfilled ... And Lovin' It" tour which sponsored by McDonald's, it was also known as the last tour of Destiny's Child. It was released on March 28, 2006 in the United States. The DVD debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" Music DVD charts breaking record sales about 500,000 copies at first week, instead of those numbers Nielsen SoundScan tracked sales of 50,000 because the restrictions about retail, international deliveries and e-packages, RIAA already certified the DVD as Platinum.

This was also released as a two-disc CD but only in Japan.

Bambara language

Bambara is a language from Mali. More than 6 000 000 people (including second language users) speak it. It is called Bamanankan in Bambara. Bambara is very similar to Dioula. Dioula is not spoken by as many people, but it is used in Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, and Gambia. The Bambara language is spoken mainly by people in the Bambara racial group. About 2,700,000 people are in this group, but Bambara is also used by other racial groups in Mali.

Bambara is in the Manding language family. These languages are similar to each other. This family of languages is in a larger language group. This group is called the Mandé group. It is an SOV language (Subject-Object-Verb) and it has two tones (pitches).

There are seven vowels: a, e, , i, o, and u.

Writing started during the period of French rule. There is not much written work, but there is a lot of oral literature, which is often stories about kings and heroes. The people who tell these stories are called "Griot". They also sing religious songs. Many of their songs are very old and some people think the songs are as old as the old Mali Empire.

Bambara is a national language of Mali, and it is also the most widely understood language in Mali.

Bambara has many local dialects. Somono, Segou, San, Beledugu, Ganadugu and Wasulu and Sikasso are some dialects.

Proboscidea

Proboscidea (meaning "trunked beast") is an order containing only one familiy of living animals, Elephantidae, the elephants, with three living species (African forest elephant, African bush elephant, and Asian elephant).

During the period of the last ice age there were more species. They included a number of species of the elephant-like mammoths and mastodons.

The oldest proboscidean dates from the early Palaeogene period, over 50 million years ago. The evolution of the elephant-like animals mainly concerned the proportions of the cranium and jaw and the shape of the tusks and molar teeth. These were adaptations to various kinds of vegetable. food

Present-day elephants are the survivors of a once larger and more varied family.

Adrar des Ifoghas

The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone high area in the Kidal Region of Mali. Is has an area of about 250,000 km².

There are wide, shallow valleys, and many granite rocks. The Tamesna Plain is to the east. The Telemsi Fosse is to the west The low, western part of the Azaouak Valley is to the south. Tanezrouft is to the north. Kidal, Aguel'hoc, Boughessa, Essouk and Tessalit are cities in this area.

The Adrar des Ifoghas is called "Adagh" in the local language. "" is the Berber word for mountain, and "Ifogha" is the short name of a rich Tuareg family. This family (the "Kel Ifoghas") has been very powerful in this area for a long time. They are nomads and they eat and sell camels, goats and sheep.

The area has many old archaeological places. The rock drawings showing men hunting, farming, and looking after cows are very important. Asselar Man's bones were also found here by Théodore Monod. Recently, the Adrar des Ifoghas has become popular for hiking.

Kokoreç

Kokoreç is a Turkish meal. It is made of lamb intestines. Intestines of suckling lambs (süt kuzusu) is most favored for this dish. It is not a standard menu item in restaurants. It can be found in any street.

Kokoreç can be cooked in many ways. One way is to cook it similar to Döner; with a horizontal skewer (see also Rotisserie). The intestine parts are stacked together. This sort can be found in street vendors mostly. The most popular heating method is charcoal fire which gives it an extra rich flavour. After it is cooked, it is cut and put in a half or quarter portion of Turkish bread (somun). Tomatoes or spices can be added to it.

Another way to cook is to cut it after cleaning, mixing it with cut tomatoes and green peppers. After that, it is cooked on a big griddle in large quantities, and then it is added hot red pepper and oregano. It is constantly mixed and cut by the cooker using two spatulas in his hands during cooking. When done, the dish is kept warm.

Kokoreç can be served in many ways. It is usually served as a sandwich in form of Yarım Ekmek Kokoreç (Half-Bread) or Çeyrek Ekmek Kokoreç (Quarter-Bread). At the same time, it could be served without bread, on a plate, as a normal meal. Kokoreç is usually served with Ayran, Beer or Cola. 

Ub Iwerks

Ubbe Ert Iwerks (March 24, 1901 – July 7, 1971), better known as Ub Iwerks, was an American animator. He is best known for creating Mickey Mouse, together with Walt Disney.

Ub Iwerks was born in 1901 in Kansas City. His father Eert Ubbe was an immigrant from Germany. In 1919 he met Walt Disney the first time. Some months later, Disney founded his first studio. Ub Iwerks was his first artist, and at this time the only one. Iwerks was called "the fastest animator" of Hollywood, because he could drew more than 700 pictures a day. In fact, he finished the first Mickey Mouse cartoon which was produced in just two weeks.

Disney and Iwerks often had differences. As a result of this differences, Iwerks left Disney in 1930 and founded his own studio. It closed in 1936, after that, Iwerks worked some months for Columbia Pictures, in 1940 he went back to Walt Disney. He did not draw anymore, but became the head of the "Special Processes Department". There he invented the Multiplane camera. For this camera he was awarded in 1960 with a special Oscar.

At the end of his life, Ub Iwerks worked for popular directors, like Alfred Hitchcock, too. In 1963 he was nominated for his work on "The Birds" for a second Oscar.

Ub Iwerks died at age 70 in Burbank, California. His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney, too. Ub's great grandson, Michael Iwerks, also works at Disney.

Endocrine gland

Endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product (hormones) directly into the blood. This group contains the glands of the endocrine system. 

The main endocrine glands are the pituitary gland, the pancreas, the gonads, the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands. Other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach, which produces such hormones as ghrelin.

Thyroid

The thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. This gland is found in the throat. The thyroid controls how quickly the body burns energy, makes proteins, and how sensitive the body should be to other hormones.

The principal hormones it makes are thyroxine (T4) an triiodothyronine (T3), which is more active. These hormones regulate the growth of many systems in the body. T3 and T4 are synthesised from iodine and tyrosine. The thyroid also makes calcitonin, which plays a role in calcium homeostasis.








Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols

Never Mind the Bollocks: Here's the Sex Pistols is the only studio album by English punk band the Sex Pistols. It was released on 28 October 1977 in the UK and 11 November 1977 in the USA.


Johann Christian Bach

Johann Christian Bach (born Leipzig, 5 September 1735; died London, 1 January 1782) was a composer of the Classical period. He was the eleventh and youngest son of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach. He is often called the "London Bach" or the "English Bach", because he spent many years living in London. He became internationally famous, both as a composer and as a performer. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart liked his music, and learned a lot about how to write good concertos by looking at the concertos of J. C. Bach.

Johann Christian Bach’s parents were Johann Sebastian Bach and Anna Magdalena Bach. He was born in Leipzig, Germany. His father was one of the last composers of the Baroque period. His father was already 50 when J. C. Bach was born, so it is not surprising that by the time Johann Christian had grown up the style of music had changed a lot since Johann Sebastian had been writing his works. Johann Christian belonged to the Classical period. He was 15 when his father died. He moved to Berlin and his half-brother Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, who was already a famous composer, gave him more music lessons.

Johann Christian lived in Italy for many years from 1756, first studying counterpoint with Padre Martini in Bologna and later with Giovanni Battista Sammartini. He became an organist at the cathedral in Milan in 1760. However, he soon started to become successful as an opera composer and he left his cathedral job so that he could work in the theatre and travel more in Italy.

Johann Christian had been brought up in the Lutheran church, but in Italy he became a Catholic. He married the Italian soprano Cecilia Grassi. She was about eight years older than Johann Christian and, perhaps because of this, they never had children.

In 1762 he moved to London. He was very successful there, and earned plenty of money to live comfortably. He knew the royal family and many important aristocratic people as well as famous people such as the painter Gainsborough and the musician and writer Charles Burney. King George III and Queen Charlotte went to hear his first London opera "Orione" in 1763. He gave the Queen music lessons.

He lived at a time when the piano was becoming a popular instrument and the harpsichord was becoming old-fashioned. J. C. Bach wrote a lot of music for the piano and gave the very first concert of piano music in London in 1768. He wrote 6 keyboard concertos and dedicated them to the Queen. The last movement of Concerto no 6 was a set of variations on "God Save the King". This became a very popular piece of music at the time. He wrote many songs that became popular in his time. They were often performed in Vauxhall Gardens, a park where many people went to be entertained.

He gave many concerts together with Carl Friedrich Abel, a well-known player of the viola da gamba. Abel and Bach may have known one another as children because both their fathers had worked together in Cöthen in Germany. In April 1764 J. C. Bach met the 8-year-old Mozart who visited London with his father Leopold. They played duets on the harpsichord together.

He composed cantatas, chamber music, keyboard and orchestral works, operas, symphonies and songs. He had many works published in London and Paris.

During his last years he lost a lot of money. The Bach-Abel concert series lost money, and one of Bach’s servants stole £1000 from him which was a very large sum on those days. His health started to become bad and, when he died, he left his wife with a lot of debt. Queen Charlotte helped to pay a lot of the debt, and his widow went back to Italy.

He was buried in St Pancras churchyard, London.

Pelycosaur

Pelycosaurs (meaning "basin lizards") were the earliest synapsids. They were not dinosaurs or reptiles. They are an informal group which were once called the "mammal-like reptiles". 
The term is only used informally, if at all, in the modern scientific literature.

These tetrapods appeared during the Pennsylvanian and went extinct at the end of the Permian period. They were the dominant land animals for some 40 million years, and were almost wiped out by the P/Tr extinction event. A few survived until the lower Triassic to form the therapsids. The therapsids led to the mammals. 

Because the term "Pelycosaur" does not include their descendants, it is not used much now.

The most notable of these land animals was "Dimetrodon", the top predator of its time.

Pelycosaur fossils have been found mainly in Europe and North America, although some small, late-surviving forms are known from Russia and South Africa.

At least two pelycosaur clades independently evolved a tall sail of elongated vertebral spines. In life, this would have been covered by skin, and possibly was a thermoregulatory device and/or a mating display. 
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles, pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales. 

In 1940 the group was reviewed in detail and every species known at the time described (and many illustrated) in an important monograph. Well-known pelycosaurs include the genera "Dimetrodon", "Sphenacodon", "Edaphosaurus", and "Ophiacodon".

Therapsid

Therapsids, previously known as the mammal-like reptiles, are a group of synapsids. 

The clade includes the mammals, which are descended from the cynodont therapsids.

The jaws of therapsids had frontal incisors for nipping, large lateral canines for puncturing and tearing, and molars for shearing and tearing, and molars for shearing and chopping food. 

Therapsid legs were positioned more vertically beneath their bodies than were the sprawling legs of Sauropsids and Pelycosaurs.

The therapsids were seriously affected by the P/Tr extinction event. The successful gorgonopsians died out, and the remaining groups were much reduced. 

The dicynodonts were now a single family of large stocky herbivores, the Kannemeyeridae. The medium-sized cynodonts (including carnivorous and herbivorous forms), flourished worldwide in the early to middle Triassic. They died out across much of Pangea before the end of the Upper Triassic. Some survived for a while in the wet equatorial band and in the South.

At least three groups of eucynodonts survived. They appeared in the Upper Triassic. The extremely mammal-like family, the Tritylodonts, survived into the Lower Cretaceous. Another group, "Morganucodon" and its relatives, were mammaliaformes. That is, their descendants became the mammals.



Toccata

Toccata is the title that was often given to pieces of music for solo instruments from the Renaissance onwards. The word comes from the Italian for "to touch", also meaning "to play a musical instrument". These pieces were often quite difficult, with a lot of fast notes which showed off how well the person could play.

The first toccatas were written in northern Italy by composers such as Claudio Monteverdi and Giovanni Gabrieli. They are pieces for the keyboard (harpsichord or organ) with lots of running scales in the right hand and accompanying chords in the left hand. 

Toccatas became popular in Germany with composers such as Hans Leo Hassler who had studied in Venice with Gabrieli. Many German Baroque organ composers wrote toccatas: Sweelinck (who was Dutch), Pachelbel, Buxtehude and Johann Sebastian Bach. Bach wrote a "Toccata and Fugue in D minor", which is one of the most famous pieces of Baroque organ music, and perhaps the most famous toccata ever written.

After the Baroque period composers did not often write toccatas. The toccata became popular again in the late 19th century with the French organ composers such as Charles-Marie Widor whose Toccata from his "Symphony No. 5" is very popular today, especially at weddings. It has lots of quick notes in the right hand (and occasionally in the left) and a big tune in the pedals. Another famous organ toccata is by Louis Vierne. It is the last movement of his "Symphony No. 1" (at this time French composers wrote organ works called "symphonies").

In the 20th century several composers wrote toccatas for piano including Prokofiev, Khachaturian, Ravel (part of "Le Tombeau de Couperin") and Claude Debussy (part of "Suite: Pour le Piano"). 


Taylor Swift

Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for narrative songs about her personal life, as well as songs she wrote about other famous people, including Rebekah Harkness in the song “the last great american dynasty.” She has sold more than 52 million albums, including 37 million in the US. She is one of the world's best-selling music artists. She is the highest-earning female musician of the 2010s.

Swift has won 14 Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, and six Guinness World Records. She is the most-awarded act and woman at the American Music Awards (29 wins) and Billboard Music Awards (23 wins). She has had eleven number-one songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In October 2023, she became a billionaire. She won Apple Music Artist of the Year in 2020 and 2023. She is the most-followed female artist on Spotify history.

Taylor Alison Swift was born on December 13, 1989, in West Reading, Pennsylvania. She is named after singer-songwriter James Taylor. Her parents are Scott Swift and Andrea Swift. She has a younger brother, actor Austin Swift.

Swift was raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania on a Christmas tree farm. She became interested in musical theater when she was nine. Later, she became interested in country music. On weekends, she performed music at local events.

She moved to Hendersonville, Tennessee, near Nashville, when she was 14. Her family moved there to help Swift's career in country music. In Nashville, she went to Hendersonville High School for two years. After that, she went to Aaron Academy, because Aaron Academy made it easier for her to tour while in school. She graduated high school one year early. 

Additionally, at the age of 4, Swift won a poetry writing competition. 

She released her first single, "Tim McGraw", in 2006 at the age of 16. That same year she released her first album, "Taylor Swift". In 2006, she sold more albums than anyone else that year.

She won Country Music Television's (CMT) "Breakthrough Video of the Year" award in 2007 for "Tim McGraw". She was also nominated by the Academy of Country Music for "Top New Female Vocalist".

Swift’s second studio album, "Fearless", was released in 2008. On September 10, 2009 it reached Platinum, selling 1 million copies. On October 25, 2010 she released her third album, "Speak Now".

The lead single from Swift's fourth album, "Red", "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", became her first number-one song on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The single "I Knew You Were Trouble" reached number two on the chart. It was also her first chart-topper on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart. In 2012 Swift voiced the character Audrey in the movie "The Lorax".

Swift performed "Shake It Off", the lead single from her fifth album, "1989", at the 2014 MTV VMAs. "1989" was released on October 27, 2014. "Shake It Off", along with the singles "Blank Space", and "Bad Blood", all reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. These singles, along with "Style" and "Wildest Dreams", have also topped the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart.

In 2016 she featured on the single, "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with English singer Zayn Malik (former member of One Direction). It was released as a single for the soundtrack of the film "Fifty Shades Darker" (2017). It reached number two on the Hot 100 in the US and Canada.

On June 8, 2017, Swift restored her music on streaming sites such as Spotify and Apple Music after previously removing it from being streamed. On August 25, 2017, Swift released the single "Look What You Made Me Do", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 and broke YouTube's streaming record after getting 43 million views within 24 hours. It also became her first UK chart-topper. Swift announced that her sixth studio album, "Reputation", would be released on November 10, 2017. The album included singles such as "...Ready for It?" and "End Game" featuring American rapper Future and English singer Ed Sheeran.

During this era, she met backstage with global superstar Oliver Kang 

On April 26, 2019, Swift released the single "ME!" featuring Brendon Urie as the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Lover". On June 14, 2019, Swift released "Lover"’s second single "You Need to Calm Down". Both of these songs reached number two on the US Hot 100.

On August 16, Swift released "Lover" as the third single from "Lover". She released a duet version of "Lover" with Canadian recording artist Shawn Mendes.

In August 2020, Swift revealed that she was releasing a surprise album called "folklore", after it was announced her Loverfest stadium tour was canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic. Its lead single, "cardigan", entered at number one on the US Hot 100, becoming her sixth US number-one single. "folklore" became her seventh US number-one album. She became the first artist to enter at number one on both the Hot 100 singles chart and "Billboard" 200 album chart in the same week.

On December 11, 2020, Swift released her ninth studio album, "evermore". It is meant to be a "sister" album to "folklore".

Due to Swift not being able to own her own masters, she has begun re-recording all of her old albums. She released the first song from the re-recording of "Fearless (Taylor's Version)", "Love Story" on February 12, 2021. On November 12, 2021 she released "Red (Taylor's Version)". 

Swift's 10th studio album "Midnights" came out on October 21, 2022.

In March 2023 Swift started her Eras Tour. The tour covers all her albums. The US part of the tour sold the most tickets in one day ever. Many people said that the company handling the ticket sales, Ticketmaster, did not do well. The Eras Tour earned the most money of any tour in history. It earned over $1 billion.

During this time, she also released "Speak Now (Taylor's Version)" and "1989 (Taylor's Version)."

On February 4, 2024, Swift won Album of the Year at the 66th Grammy Awards. She was the first artist to win in this category four times. She announced a new album, "The Tortured Poets Department", due for release on April 19.

Swift has three cats. One is named "Meredith" after the doctor on the show "Grey's Anatomy". The second is named "Olivia" after the detective on "". The third one is "Benjamin" after the fictional Benjamin Button. She adopted Button during the filming of her music video "Me!". She is currently dating Kansas City Chief's player Travis Kelce.








Internal medicine

Internal medicine is the branch and specialty of medicine concerning the diagnosis and nonsurgical treatment of diseases in adults, especially of internal organs.

Doctors of internal medicine, also called "internists", are required to have included in their medical schooling and postgraduate training at least three years dedicated to learning how to prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases that affect adults. 

Internists are trained to solve puzzling diagnostic problems and handle severe chronic illnesses and situations where several different illnesses may strike at the same time. 

Internists can choose to focus their practice on general internal medicine, or may take additional training to "subspecialize" in one of 13 areas of internal medicine, generally organized by organ system. Cardiologists, for example, are doctors of internal medicine who subspecialize in diseases of the heart. The training an internist receives to subspecialize in a particular medical area is both broad and deep. Subspecialty training (often called a "fellowship") usually requires an additional one to three years beyond the standard three year general internal medicine residency. (Residencies come after a student has graduated from medical school.)

In the United States, there are two organizations responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field, the American Board of Internal Medicine, and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine. 

The following are the subspecialties recognized by the American Board of Internal Medicine.


The ABIM also recognizes additional qualifications in the following areas

Internists may also specialize in allergy and immunology. The American Board of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology is a conjoint board between internal medicine and pediatrics. 

The American College of Osteopathic Internists recognizes the following subspecialties.


City status in the United Kingdom

City status in the United Kingdom is granted by the British monarch to some communities. There are 69 cities in the United Kingdom (see list below) – 55 in England, six in Wales, seven in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.

Becoming a city is not automatic. Many people think that any town that has a cathedral is a city. This is because Henry VIII built cathedrals in six English towns and made them cities by letters patent.

A city council does not have any more powers than a borough or district council. Some city councils (like Ripon) are only parish councils, and have few little powers at all.

Officially there are 69 cities in the United Kingdom (UK). Sunderland was made a city to mark Elizabeth II's Ruby anniversary (40 years as Queen). Eight others have been created in competitions to celebrate the new millennium and Queen Elizabeth II's Golden Jubilee.

A city does not automatically have a Lord Mayor or Lord Provost in Scotland. There are 69 cities in the UK but only 30 Lord Mayors.

Of the 69 cities: (including 30 Lord Mayoralties or Lord Provostships) in the UK:

Rochester was a city from 1211 to 1998.

On April 1, 1974 the city council was abolished, and new letters patent were issued to the new Medway Borough Council to carry on the city name in the old city area.

In 1979, Medway was renamed Rochester-upon-Medway and new letters patent made the whole of the new area a city.

On April 1, 1998, Rochester-upon-Medway and Gillingham joined together to became the new unitary authority of Medway. Rochester upon Medway City Council did not appoint appoint Charter Trustees to maintain the existence of the city and the mayoralty so the city simply ceased to exist, because the council forgot.

 City Status confirmed by Letters Patent issued under the Great Seal dated April 1, 1974.

Letters Patent dated December 10, 1969.

Letters Patent dated April 21, 1926.

Letters Patent dated March 21, 1951.

Letters Patent dated May 14, 1937.

Letters Patent dated October 18, 1928.

Letters Patent dated June 5, 1925.

Letters Patent dated October 28, 1905, which also granted the title of Lord Mayor.

Letters Patent dated March 22, 1982.

Letters Patent dated July 13, 1988.

Letters Patent dated March 10, 1992.

Letters Patent dated June 6, 1953.

Letters Patent dated May 1, 2002.

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate and Officer of the City to bear the style and title of Lord Mayor due to "the city's high position in the roll of ports of [the] kingdom" June 26, 1914

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate to bear the honorary title of Lord Mayor July 11, 1906.

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate of the City to bear the style and title of Lord Mayor July 10, 1928 "in consideration of its antiquity and importance"

Letters Patent dated October 23, 1962.

Letters Patent dated May 10, 1935, "in commemoration of his Majesty's silver jubilee"

Letters Patent dated March 11, 1966.

Style of "Right Honourable" conferred on Lord Mayor by Letters Patent dated October 26, 1956. The city was designated the capital of Wales at that date.

The first Lord Mayor was appointed June 3, 1896.

Letters Patent dated September 16, 1907.

The Lord Mayoralty of Bristol was granted as part of the Birthday Honours in 1899

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1897

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1928

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1892

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1892

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1910 "in view of the position occupied by that city as the chief city of East Anglia and of its close association with his Majesty"

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1927

The Lord Mayoralty was granted July 12, 1897.

The Lord Mayoralty was granted July 10, 1928.

Warrant issued 28 January 1889 that Letters Patent be issued under the Seal appointed by the treaty of union to be used in place of the Great Seal of Scotland, ordaining and declaring that the Burgh of Dundee shall be a City, and shall be called and styled "The City of Dundee"

Burghs of Old Aberdeen and Woodside and the district of Torry incorporated as the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen by the Aberdeen Corporation Act 1891 (1891 c.cxxiv)

The present council areas are designated "cities" by virtue of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994, which also reserves the post of Lord Provost for the convener of the four councils. The previous local government districts and district councils created by the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 enjoyed the same privileges.

Letters Patent dated January 14, 1889


Lockheed P-38 Lightning

The P-38 Lightning is a World War II fighter aircraft made by Lockheed. It was mainly used by the United States Air Force. It first flew in 1939. It was different from other fighters because it had two engines instead of one, and was twice the size of other fighters. The plane fought in the Pacific and in Europe. It could carry 4 50-caliber machine guns and a 20mm cannon. With a top speed of over 400 miles per hour the P-38 was one of the fastest fighters of its time. The P-38 is also accounted for capturing 90% of all aerial footage over Europe. By 1944, it was replaced by the faster P-51 Mustang in Europe. The P-38 was the only American fighter being built at the beginning and the end of the war. The Germans called it the "fork tailed devil."

The Lockheed P-38 Lightning was a well equipped single-seat WWII fighter. It had 2 powerful engines allowing it to reach high altitudes and speeds. The tail design was unique compared to other aircraft of the time. The Americans used this aircraft in many of its dogfights and long-range enemy engagements. The P-38 created many aces, making it favourable over other aircraft.

Messerschmitt Bf 109

The Messerschmitt Bf 109 was a fighter aircraft usually called the Me 109. It was a German World War II aircraft.

Made by Messerschmitt, it first flew in 1935, and was used by the Luftwaffe during the Spanish Civil War and throughout World War II. It was one of the first modern fighters of the time. It had an all-metal construction, a closed cockpit, and retractable landing gear. It was powered by a liquid-cooled, inverted-V12 aero engine.

The Messerschmitt Bf-109, was a powerful single-propeller aircraft, used by the Germans as support aircraft. The Bf-109 was a worthy competitor as Germany’s greatest aircraft, though the Fw-190 proved more significant for some enemy engagements. The camouflaged aircraft fought in the heat of the 1940 Battle of Britain, going head to head with the English Spitfires.

There were many variations designed for special purposes. Overall, the Me 109 was the most produced fighter aircraft in history, with a total of 33,984 airframes produced from 1936 up to April 1945.

The design of the plane caused some problems on the ground, and with take-off and landing. At least 10% of all Bf 109s were lost in takeoff and landing accidents, 1,500 of which occurred between 1939 and 1941. A new fixed tailwheel helped correct the problem.

Bf 109 was used by Luftwaffe together with FW 190. The Messerschmitt had two machine guns and one cannon while FW 190 had two machine guns and four cannons. Bf 109 was much lighter than FW 190, by 1500 kg. Despite that Bf 109 was almost as fast as FW 190 (Fw 190 A-8 was only 16kph faster than Bf 109 G-6) and climbed at 17 m/s, 2 m/s faster than FW 190.


Messerschmitt Me 262

The Me 262 was a German fighter aircraft flown during late World War II. It was the first jet to be used in war. It began test flights in 1942, but was not used in combat by the German air force, the Luftwaffe, until 1944. Very few were built because Germany's enemies were bombing factories. It saw little action because the war was nearly over. The jet engines of the new machine often caused problems, that's why a lot of machines had deathly accidents.
Nicknamed Schwalbe (Swallow), the Messerschmidt Me 262 surpassed the performance of every other World War II fighter. Faster than the North American P-51 Mustang by 190 kph (120 mph) per hour, the Schwalbe restored to the faltering German Luftwaffe. The Me-262 has two ʽJumo 004 B turbine enginesʼ with a top speed of 869.4 kph (540 mph). It's armament includes two ʽMK 103 30 mm cannonsʼ, two ʽ108 30 mm cannonsʼ, and a pair of ʽMG 151/20 20 mm cannonsʼ.


Osmosis

Osmosis (/ɒzˈmoʊ.sɪs/) is the movement of solvent (liquid) molecules through a membrane, from one solution to another, which happens without an outside force. 

Solvent will move to the side that has a "higher concentration" of "solutes", or dissolved particles — and thus a "lower concentration" of "solvent". This happens because the membrane is selectively permeable: the solvent can pass through, but the solute cannot. Solvent molecules move randomly, and so the concentrations on both sides become more equal.

Osmosis can be made to do work. Osmotic pressure is the external pressure that must be applied so that there is no net movement of solvent across the membrane. Osmotic pressure depends on the molar concentration of the solute.

Osmosis is important in biological (living) systems, as biological membranes are semipermeable. In general, these membranes are impermeable to large molecules such as ions, proteins, and polysaccharides. They are permeable to non-polar or hydrophobic molecules like lipids and small molecules like oxygen, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and nitric oxide. Permeability depends on solubility, charge, or chemistry, as well as solute size. Water molecules travel through the plasma membrane, vacuole or protoplast by diffusing across the phospholipid bilayer. 

Osmosis provides the main way water is gets in and out of cells. The turgor pressure of a cell is largely maintained by osmosis across the cell membrane between the cell interior and its environment.

Solutions may have more or less solute per unit of solvent. The one with less is called "hypotonic." When the two solutions have equal concentration, they are "isotonic." The one with more is "hypertonic". When the hypotonic solution is outside the cell, and hypertonic solution inside, the cell becomes swollen and distorted.

The plasma membrane of a cell is semi-permeable, which means it allows the entry of certain molecules in or out. It lets small molecules pass through, but blocks larger molecules. The membrane also has ports or gateways which get certain macromolecules through. This is active transport, which uses energy and is selective. It is the outermost covering of the animal cell, made of proteins and lipids. Example: exchange of gases like oxygen and carbon dioxide.


Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-17

The MiG-17 Fresco is a fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan, a Russian company. It first flew in 1950, and was supposed to replace the MiG-15 in the Korean War, but it did not arrive fast enough. It was used by the North Vietnamese in the Vietnam War. It carried 3 guns on it, and later versions carried missiles. Today, it is used as a trainer in other air forces.


Mikoyan

Mikoyan is a Russian company that designs fighter airplanes. The company was first formed in December 1939 as a design office called Mikoyan-Gurevich or MiG, this was because its designers were Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich. Mikoyan will join other Russian airplane companies in a new company called United Aircraft Corporation.

In 1939 Russia was part of the Soviet Union and was communist. In the Soviet communist system there were two types of airplane companies, companies that designed aircraft known as design offices or OKB, and companies that made airplanes called zavods. Artom Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich had been designers in another design office helping a designer called Nikolai Polikarpov. One airplane design that Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich worked on at Polikarpov was called the I-200. When Nikolai Polikarpov lost the trust of the Soviet leader Stalin, Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich were given the I-200 design to finish. This airplane was given a new name and was called the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1. As it was being made, ways to make the MiG-1 into a better airplane were found and airplanes with these changes became known as the MiG-3 and later the MiG-7. However even with changes the MiG fighter airplanes were not as good as the fighter airplanes designed by the design offices of Lavochkin or Yakovlev.

After World War II Mikoyan-Gurevich designed jet aircraft. In the Soviet system the airplane designs of the design offices would compete to see which was the best. When the best design had been found the design would be built by the airplane manufacturing company. Even though Mikoyan-Gurevich airplanes in World War II had not been as good as airplanes by Lavochkin or Yakovlev. Mikoyan-Gurevich jet aircraft won more of the competitions to be sent to the zavods and in the time of the Cold War Mikoyan-Gurevich, together with another design office called Sukhoi, became one of the two most important design offices of fighter planes in the Soviet Union.

In the Soviet system decisions were made to protect the government from its own soldiers. In many countries there is only one airforce, the Soviet Union had five airforces. Two of these airforces were the main users of Soviet fighter airplanes. One airforce was called "PVO Strany", this airforce was used to defend the cities and land of the Soviet Union. One airforce was called "Frontal Aviation", this airforce was used to defend the Soviet Union's ground soldiers against enemy fighter airplanes, and to attack enemy ground forces. Mikoyan-Gurevich became the main designer of aircraft for "Frontal Aviation".

Mikoyan has designed the following airplanes:


Juno

Juno could mean:





Neptune (mythology)

Neptune (Latin: "Neptūnus") is the god of water and the sea in ancient Roman religion and mythology. His Greek equivalent is the god Poseidon. The Roman conception of Neptune was mainly influenced by the Etruscan god Nethuns. Neptune was associated with fresh water as well as the sea, while Oceanus was the god of the world-ocean. Like his Greek equivalent, Neptune was also worshipped by the Romans as the god of horses, and, under the name "Neptune Equester", he was a patron god of horse-racing.

The planet Neptune is named after this Roman god.


Fortuna (disambiguation)

Fortuna ("Latin and Spanish: "fortune"") can mean:


Geographical

People

Sports

Other

Sol Invictus

Sol Invictus ("the Unconquered Sun") or, more fully, Deus Sol Invictus ("the Unconquered Sun god") was a religious title applied to at least three distinct deities during the later Roman Empire: El Gabal, Mithras, and Sol.

The earlier cult of Sol Indiges ("the native sun" or "the invoked sun") was agrarian. The title "Deus Sol Invictus" was formed similar to the imperial titulature "pius felix invictus" ("dutiful, fortunate, unconquered").

The Romans held a festival on December 25 called "Dies Natalis Solis Invicti", "the birthday of the unconquered sun." The use of the title Sol Invictus allowed several solar deities to be worshipped together, including Elah-Gabal, a Syrian sun god; Sol, the patron god of Emperor Aurelian (AD 270-274); and Mithras, a soldiers' god of Persian origin. Emperor (218-222) introduced the festival, and it reached the height of its popularity under Aurelian, who promoted it as an empire-wide holiday that was a possible inspiration of Christmas.



Optical printer

An optical printer is a machine. It can be used to copy rolls of movies. It is made of one or more movie projectors, which are linked to a movie camera. It allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of movie. The optical printer is used for making special effects for motion pictures or for copying and restoring old movie material.

Common optical effects include fade outs and fade ins, dissolves, slow motion, fast motion, and matte work. More complicated work needs dozens of elements, all combined into a single scene. Ideally, the audience in a theater should not be able to notice any optical printer work, but this is not always the case. For economical reasons, especially in the 1950s, and later in TV series produced on movie, printer work was limited to only the actual parts of a scene needing the effect, so there is a clear change in the image quality when the transition occurs.

The first, simple optical printers were constructed in the early 1920s. Linwood G. Dunn developed the idea in the 1930s. The development continued well into the 1980s, when the printers were controlled with minicomputers.

Since the late 1980s, digital compositing began to replace optical effects. Since the mid nineties the conversion to digital effects has been almost total. Optical printing today is used most widely by artists working exclusively with movie. As a technique, it proves particularly useful for making copies of hand painted or physically manipulated movies.

Lares

Lares (pl.) were ancient Roman deities who protected the house and the family - household gods. See also Genius, Larvae, Di Penates, Manes.

Lares are presumed sons of Mercury and Lara, and deeply venerated by ancient Romans through small statues, usually put in higher places of the house, far from the floor, or even on the roof. 
In the early Roman times, in every house there was at least one little statue. Later, a sort of confusion connected their figure with those of Manes, deities of Hades (and the most virtuous dead persons of the family). Finally the confusion included the Penates (other minor deities) as well. 


Charter trustees

Charter trustees are the English district councillors for an area that used to be a city.

They are allowed by the "Charter Trustees Act 1985", so that some of the privileges and dignities of former city can be carried on.
Charter Trustees Acts 1985 c45

Quirinus

In Roman mythology, Quirinus was an early god of the Roman state. In Augustan Rome, Quirinus was also a name of Janus, as "Janus Quirinus".

Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god. The Sabines had a settlement near the site of what was to become Rome, and erected an altar to Quirinus on the "Collis Quirinalis", the "Quirinal Hill", one of the "Seven Hills of Rome". When the Romans settled there, they absorbed the cult of Quirinus into their early belief system — previous to direct Greek influence — and he was said to be the deified Romulus. 

In later times, however, Quirinus became far less important, losing his place to (Juno and Minerva and Mars' place). 

Kreisfreie stadt

The name kreisfreie Stadt (plural: "kreisfreie Städte") is used for German towns that have their own government. This town government is independent of the government of the next-higher level of authority, the "Landkreis". Today, most of the cities that have this statute, are big cities, with 100.000 people living there, or more. The concept grew historically. That means that there are big cities, with more than 100.000 people that do not have the statute. There are also some cities who have only taken a part of the responsibilities of a Landkreis (or Kreis). The smallest city with the statute is Zweibrücken. About 35.000 people live there. The biggest of these cities is Munich, with about 1.3 million people. Hamburg and Berlin are bigger. They are city states, though. The city state of Bremen (state) is made of two "kreisfreie Städte", the city of Bremen, and the city of Bremerhaven, about 60 km to the north. About half a million people live in Bremen (1.5 million in the agglomeration), about 117.000 people live in Bremerhaven.

But not every big city with more than 100.000 inhabitants is a "kreisfreie Stadt". Some of them, for example Recklinghausen or Göttingen (both more 120.000 inhabitants) are part of a "Landkreis".

There are very few cities, who only took part of the paperwork from the Landkreis. Some of these are called "Große selbständige Stadt" (Translates to "Big sovereign city"). They only seem to exist in Lower Saxony. They are:
Celle, Cuxhaven, Goslar, Hameln, Hildesheim, Lingen, and Lüneburg. Things like hunting permits cannot be delegated to the cities. Other things, like what to do with the trash have sometimes been delegated.

Similar concepts to that of the "kreisfreie Stadt" are Unitary authorities in the United Kingdom, or that of "independent city" in the United States.

Jet aircraft

Jet aircraft are aircraft with jet engines. Unlike propeller-powered aircraft, jet aircraft normally fly at altitudes as high as 100 to 1,5 meters, about 33 to . At these altitudes, jet engines can achieve maximum efficiency over long distances. The engines in propeller powered aircraft achieve their maximum efficiency at much lower altitudes. 

Downtown

Downtown (called a city centre in British English) is a word used in North America which refers to the main part of a city. It is usually the central business district where most commercial and office areas are; many of them being in skyscrapers. Tourism also concentrates there.

IEEE 802.11

IEEE 802.11 is a series of protocols for wireless networking. Often these are called Wireless LAN, "WLAN", or Wi-Fi. Such a protocol allows computers that have the needed radio parts to communicate with each other, without a cable. There are many types of Wi-Fi standards, known as 802.11 a, b, g, n, and recently ac & ad. These specifications are different in terms of speed and how far away you can use them.

The first Wi-Fi standard was made in 1997. It is called IEEE 802.11. It allows communication with 1-2 MBit per second. Today it is outdated, and rare. Later standards add a letter to the name. They are labelled IEEE 802.11a to IEEE 802.11g. There are plans for ones labeled h, i, j, n, p and s. They are all compatible with each other.

Newer standards have a Bit rate of 54 MBit/s. About 40-50% of this is usable in real-life situations. As of 2007, the standards most widely used are IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b.

Data communication is done in the 2.4 GHz band and the 5 GHz band. The 2.4 GHz band is a general use band. Microwave ovens and Bluetooth are among the things that emit radio waves in this band. The 2.4 GHz band has the problem that there are only very few channels that can be used at the same time, without the signals interfering. There are three usable channels there. When more than three networks operate in the same place, signals still get to the user correctly, but interference slows them. 

The 5 GHz band can solve some of these problems, but it introduces others. That band has 19 usable channels. Overall the band is less used. However there are more regulations. Most devices need to be able to choose their channel to minimize interference. Some channels require that those participating can do Transmitter Power Control. This means they adapt the strength of the signal to what is actually needed. This helps reduce the amount of interference between different networks.

Wireless LAN

In computing, Wireless LAN (WLAN) or Wireless local area network is a term to refer to a Local Area Network that does not need cables to connect the different devices. Instead, radio waves and IEEE 802.11 are used to communicate.



Today, most technologies used for WLANs use Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing. This means that several frequencies are used at the same time. Signals that are close to each other, but that belong to different channels do not disturb each other, as they use different coding schemes. Depending on the material used, it is possible to cover between 30 metres and 100 metres indoors; outdoors, the range is about 100-300m, if there are no obstacles.

Bluetooth

Bluetooth is a protocol for wireless communication over short distances. It was developed in the 1990s, to reduce the number of cables. Devices such as mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers, digital cameras and video game consoles can connect to each other, and exchange information. This is done using radio waves. It can be done securely. Bluetooth is usually only used for relatively short distances, like a few metres. Some signals can be up to 100 metres.

There are different standards. Data rates vary. Currently, they are at 1-3 MBit per second. Typical Bluetooth applications are to connect a headset to a mobile phone, or to connect a computer mouse, keyboard or printer.

Bluetooth devices use the ISM Band around 2.4 GHz. This can be used worldwide, without the need to pay license fees, but many other devices, like DECT telephones (wireless phones), smart tags with RFID, baby phones use it too. Bluetooth uses the same bands as some WLANs, but the modulation technique is different. Bluetooth uses Frequency-hopping spread spectrum.

There are many situations today where either Bluetooth or Wireless LANs can be used. Examples include setting up networks, printing or transferring files and data from a PDA to a computer. Both are versions of unlicensed wireless technology. WLANs can span bigger distances and offer higher throughput. Bluetooth does not require expensive hardware. It also needs less power to operate.

Both use the same radio frequency range, but their modulation techniques are different. Both have been developed to replace cabling. Bluetooth wanted to get rid of the peripheral equipment cables, WLANs wanted to get rid of the cables needed to set up a LAN.

Bluetooth exists in many products, such as telephones, the Wii or PlayStation 3. It has recently been built into some electronic watches, modems and headsets. The technology is useful when transferring information between two or more devices that are near each other in low-bandwidth situations. Bluetooth is commonly used to transfer sound data with telephones (i.e. with a Bluetooth headset) or byte data with hand-held computers (transferring files).

Bluetooth uses protocols that make it easy to discover devices that are nearby, and to set up a connection between these devices. Bluetooth devices can advertise all the services they offer. Using services becomes easier; a lot of the setup related to security, networking or permissions is automatic.

WLANs are more like traditional LANs. More configuration is needed to set up the network, and to make resources accessible by other devices in the network. WLAN devices also consume more power than Bluetooth ones. 
Sometimes WLANs are called wireless Ethernet. WLAN needs more resources to be set up, but it also offers faster transfer speeds. The security is also better than that offered by Bluetooth.

Noraduz

Noraduz (or Noratus) is a site in the region of Gegharkunik in Armenia near Lake Sevan. It was formed a church dedicated to Sainte-mère-de-Dieu (built in the ninth century), and an exceptional site of medieval tombs. The tombstones are called Khachkars. Noraduz is the most important place for Khachkars in Armenia.



1921 New York Yankees season

The New York Yankees during 1921 (the 1921 season) was the 19th season for the Yankees in New York, and overall it was their 21st season. The season ended in the team having a record (the number of wins and losses) of 98-55 (98 wins, 55 losses). This was the first pennant won in Yankees history. They won the American League game pennant, replacing the previous winners, Cleveland Indians. The manager of their team was Miller Huggins. The Yankees home games were played on the Polo Grounds.



Hominidae

The hominids are members of the biological family Hominidae (the great apes). This family includes humans, chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans. "Great ape" is a common name rather than a taxonomic label, and people use it in different ways. Sometimes people mean to include humans in the category of “great apes,” and sometimes they mean non-human apes. "Homo sapiens" is definitely a hominid, as judged by all modern reference works.

Hominids range in weight from 48 kg to 270 kg. Males are larger than females. Hominids are primates with no tails, strong bodies, and well-developed forearms. Their thumbs (and big toes, except in humans) oppose the fingers, and form a grip. All digits have flattened nails.

At present, the family Hominidae includes four genera and eight species. However, if fossil hominids were included, all of the Australopithecines and the genus "Homo" would be members of the Hominidae family. Today, nonhuman great apes live only in the rainforests of equatorial Africa, Sumatra and Borneo.

The first hominid fossils are from the Miocene period. Archaeologists found these in Asia and Europe. Also in Asia, they found fossils of a huge version of the orangutan called "Gigantopithecus", which is now extinct. Fossils also show that Neanderthals were in Europe and western Asia for at least half a million years before modern humans appeared.

Scholars do not agree on exactly how to classify the family Hominidae.

In the past, the family Hominidae have been classified this way:

A more recent classification shows humans and the Australopithecines as distinct from the rainforest apes. Two major reference works have supported this approach.

Superfamily Hominoidea


Acropolis of Athens

The Acropolis of Athens is the most famous acropolis. It is a large hill, in the center of Athens, on which the Parthenon and other Greek buildings were built. It is often known as "The" Acropolis.


Toki Pona

Toki Pona is a constructed language. Sonja Lang, a Canadian translator and linguist, made this language. The words " mean "good language" or "simple language".

Toki Pona uses simple ideas that all cultures know. However, Lang did not make Toki Pona as an international auxiliary language (a language to help people speaking different languages). She made it to test ideas about minimalism (taking out things that are not needed) and pidgins. She also used Taoist ideas.

Toki Pona only has about 137 words. Words can be used together to talk about other ideas. For example, ' means "person", and ' means "good". So, " can mean "friend", a person who is good. This is why there does not need to be one word for "friend". The small number of words can talk about many ideas in this way.

There are a few words that show the structure of the sentence. They do not mean anything by themselves. For example, the word "" shows that the next word is a verb (a word that tells about an action or a state).

Toki Pona can be written in the Latin alphabet. English also uses this alphabet. In Toki Pona, some of the letters make different sounds than they do in English. Each letter in Toki Pona always makes the same sound.

Sonja Lang made her own writing system for Toki Pona. It is called '. In English, this means "good writing" or "simple writing". This system uses pictograms (small drawings based off of how things look). They help show what words mean, not how they sound. People who write in ' can put two pictograms together by putting the second one either on top of, or inside, the first one. Many Toki Pona speakers write with this system.

Some Toki Pona speakers make other ways to write this language.

Lord's Prayer (translated by Pije/Jopi):

mama pi mi mute o, sina lon sewi kon.
nimi sina li sewi.
ma sina o kama.
jan o pali e wile sina lon sewi kon en lon ma.
o pana e moku pi tenpo suno ni tawa mi mute.
o weka e pali ike mi. sama la mi weka e pali ike pi jan ante.
o lawa ala e mi tawa ike.
o lawa e mi tan ike.
tenpo ali la sina jo e ma e wawa e pona.
Amen.


Canadian Hurricane Centre

The Canadian Hurricane Centre (CHC) is a Canadian agency that is responsible for monitoring and tracking tropical cyclones that come near or affects Canadian territory. The agency warns people about on-coming tropical cyclones and makes hurricane advisories when needed. Its headquarters are in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.

CHC usually works together with its United States counterpart, the National Hurricane Center in Miami, to coordinate the tracks and positions of all storms that show a possible threat to Canada.

While Atlantic hurricanes are normally uncommon in Canada, they do approach or strike from time to time. Among recent events are Hurricane Bob, which struck New Brunswick, in 1991, Hurricane Luis which struck Newfoundland in September 1995, Hurricane Hortense which struck Nova Scotia in September 1996, Hurricane Michael which struck Newfoundland in October 2000, and Hurricane Juan, which struck Nova Scotia in September 2003.


V-type asteroid

V-type asteroids or Vestoids are asteroids that are similar to 4 Vesta. It is the largest asteroid in this class. This is where the name "V-type" comes from.

Vulcan (Star Trek)

Vulcans are a humanoid species in the fictional "Star Trek" universe who hail from the planet Vulcan, and are noted for their attempt to live by reason and logic with no interference from emotion. (In One Epsiode of Star Trek The Next Generation Android Data and Spock work together to solve a Romulian cypher-Spock remarks that Data has acheived the perfect Vulcan state of Pure Logic without emotion; Data remarks that SPock despite his efforts still feels emotion which Data is trying to acheive) They were the first extraterrestrial species encountered by Humans, and later became one of the founding members of the United Federation of Planets. Vulcans are featured in all six Star Trek series, four of which featured a Vulcan as a main character.



Keck Observatory

The W. M. Keck Observatory is a pair of two large, ground-based telescopes located at Mauna Kea, Hawaii. Sitting four km (more than two miles) above sea level, the paired telescopes are used to examine light from distant stars in great detail. The primary mirrors of each of the two telescopes are 10 meters (33 feet) across, making them slightly smaller than the Gran Telescopio Canarias primary mirrors.

However, all of the light collected by the Keck Observatory primary mirrors (75.76m2) is sent to the secondary mirror and the instruments, compared to GTC's primary mirror, which has an effective light-collection area of 73.4m2, or 25.4 square feet less than each of the Keck Observatory primary mirrors. Because of this fundamental difference in design, Keck Observatory's telescopes arguably remain the largest steerable, optical/infrared telescopes on Earth.



Vulcan

Vulcan could mean:










HED meteorite

The HED meteorites are a group of achondrite meteorite types:
These are all thought to have come from the crust of the asteroid 4 Vesta. Their differences are due to different geologic histories of the parent rock. Their crystallization ages are between 4.43 and 4.55 billion years ago, by their radioisotope ratios.

Metamorphic rock

A metamorphic rock is a type of rock which has been changed by extreme heat and pressure. Its name is from 'morph' (meaning form), and 'meta' (meaning change).

The original rock gets heated (temperatures greater than 150 to 200 °C) and pressured (1500 bars). This causes profound physical and/or chemical change. The original rock may be sedimentary rock, igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock.

There is always more pressure and higher temperature under the Earth's surface. In the root of a mountain chain or a volcano these forces will be enough to change shape of the strata and the minerals it is made of. Sedimentary rock which has been near such forces often looks as if a giant had twisted it and heated it over a fire. Examples of metamorphic rock:

The recrystallisation of minerals after heating generally causes the destruction of any fossils the rocks might have contained. These rocks are formed when igneous or sedimentary rocks are subjected to extreme heat and pressure. As a result, they undergo a complete change in their form and characteristics. Rocks who have been changed in this way are called metamorphic rocks.

Regional metamorphism, or dynamic metamorphism, occurs in great masses of rock. Rocks can be metamorphosed just by being at great depths below the Earth's surface. There they get high temperatures and the great weight of the rock layers above.

Much of the lower continental crust is metamorphic, except for recent igneous intrusions. Horizontal tectonic movements such as the collision of continents create orogenic belts. High temperature, pressures and deformation occurs along these belts. If the metamorphosed rocks are later uplifted and exposed by erosion, they are seen as long belts or other large areas at the surface.

Contact metamorphism occurs when magma is injected into the surrounding solid rock (country rock). The changes that occur are greatest where the magma comes into contact with the rock. The temperatures were highest there and decreased with distance from it.

Every mineral is stable only within certain limits. When certain minerals appear in metamorphic rocks this shows the approximate temperatures and pressures the rock experienced. These minerals are known as "index minerals". Sillimanite, kyanite, staurolite, andalusite, and some garnet are examples.

Other minerals, such as olivines, pyroxenes, amphiboles, micas, feldspars, and quartz may be found in metamorphic rocks. These minerals formed during the crystallization of igneous rocks. They are stable at high temperatures and pressures and may remain chemically unchanged during the metamorphic process.



Extrusion

Extrusive means to the mode of igneous volcanic rock formation in which hot magma from inside the Earth flows out (extrudes) onto the surface as lava or explodes violently into the atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics or tuff. This is opposed to intrusive rock formation, in which magma does not reach the surface.

Extruded when talking about an artificial material like soft metals like aluminium, plastic or glass means that it is pushed out of a nozzle when the material is in a soft state. The shape of the nozzle will vary depending on the shape required in the finished product

Intrusion

An intrusion is magma (melted rock) which cools and becomes solid under the Earth's surface. It occurs when there are lines of weakness such as faults, joints, or bedding planes in the crust. Then magma enters these lines of weakness. By contrast, an extrusion is magma which cools into rock above the surface of the crust. Both intrusive and extrusive rocks are classed as igneous rocks.

The process of forming intrusive rocks may take millions of years. As the rock slowly cools into a solid, the different parts of the magma crystallize into minerals. The crystals are usually larger than in extrusive rocks. Many mountain ranges, such as the Sierra Nevada in California, are formed mostly by intrusive rock. Often they are huge granite (or related rock) formations.

Intrusions vary widely, from mountain range sized batholiths to thin vein-like fracture fillings. When exposed by erosion, these cores called batholiths may occupy huge areas of Earth's surface. Large bodies of magma that solidify underground before they reach the surface of the crust are called plutons.

Intrusive structures may go between bedding planes of earlier 'country' rock. A sill is an intrusion which makes a table along bedding planes. A dyke is an intrusion which moves up, crossing older strata.


Radiation pressure

Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation. If absorbed, the pressure is the energy flux density divided by the speed of light. If the radiation is totally reflected, the radiation pressure is doubled. This happens because the waves that make up electromagnetic radiation carry momentum with them and pass that momentum on when they reach a surface.

A Crookes radiometer appears to demonstrate the pressure of light, but instead it demonstrate the energy that light brings to a surface. The black side of each paddle absorbs most of the light's energy an causes the air near that surface to have a higher pressure. So, while a Crookes radiometer turns because of pressure, it is air pressure caused by the heat energy that light brings to the device. 

The solar radiation at Earth's distance from the Sun has an energy flux density of 1370 W/m, and more than half of this energy reaches surface. A calculation shows that this value of the flux would cause on an absorbing surface to experience 4.6 µPa of radiation pressure. A convenient way to compare the Sun's energy flux and radiation pressure is to imagine the pressure and energy deposited on one square meter:

To understand how small a micro-newton is, convert calculate how much mass you need on Earth to get that force using formula_3:

The difference between the energy flux and the pressure is like the difference between the heat coming through a large window and the weight of a very small mosquito.


Kirkwood gap

Kirkwood gaps are areas of the asteroid belt where asteroids are unusually scarce, as seen in the . They are caused by orbital resonances with Jupiter.

The gaps were first noticed in 1857 by Daniel Kirkwood, who also correctly explained their origin in the orbital resonances with Jupiter while a professor at Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.


Ca-Al-rich inclusions

Ca-Al-rich inclusions (CAIs) are inclusions found in carbonaceous chondrites. These inclusions are about long. They are light-colored and made of calcium and aluminum. High-temperature minerals are often found in CAIs. These objects are among the first solid objects to be created by the cooling of a protoplanetary disk. CAIs are formed at much higher temperatures than the associated chondrules. They may have survived many high-temperature events while most chondrules are created in a single melting event.

The isotopic anomalies of CAIs give important information about the creation of the solar system. The studying of them suggests that the solar nebula collapsed soon after a nearby supernova. Radiometric dating shows that the CAIs formed about 2 million years before the chondrules formed.


Eucrite

Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites that originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta, and as such are part of the HED meteorite group. They are the most common achondrite group with well over 100 distinct finds at present.

Eucrites consist of basaltic rock from the crust of 4 Vesta. They are mostly made up of Ca-poor pyroxene, pigeonite, and Ca-rich plagioclase (anorthite).

Eucrites are named from a Greek word meaning "easily distinguished".


81P/Wild

Comet 81P/Wild, also known as Wild 2, is a comet named after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild (pronounced "Vilt"), who discovered it in 1978.

It is believed that for most of its 4.5 billion-year lifetime, Wild 2 had a more distant and circular orbit. In 1974, it passed within only about one million kilometers of the planet Jupiter, whose strong gravitational pull altered the comet's orbit and brought it into the inner solar system. Its orbital period changed from 40 years to about 6 years, and its perihelion is now about 1.59 AU (astronomical unit).


Barrel (weapons)

A barrel is a part of a gun. It is a long metal tube that the bullet or projectile goes through after it is fired. Guns can have many different sizes of barrels. Usually, longer barrels make it easier for the bullet to hit the target more often. Barrels usually have spiral grooves on the inside called rifling. Barrels with grooves spin the projectile around faster as it exits the gun. This makes the projectile more stable in flight and more accurate.

Shell (projectile)

A shell is a type of projectile used in weapons. It is filled with explosive or other things such as an incendiary device. It is similar to a bomb but is made to be shot out of a gun. Shells are usually large caliber projectiles fired by artillery, armored vehicles (including tanks), and warships. A fuze detonates the explosive or releases whatever else the shell may be carrying.

Anti-tank guns fire thick shells without much explosive inside. Shells usually have the shape of a cylinder but taper towards the front end to form a point. However, special shells may use other shapes.

Ion thruster

An ion thruster is a type of spacecraft thruster. It works by using static electricity or magnetism to push ions (atoms that have an electric charge) out of the back of the spacecraft. It takes a very long time for the spacecraft to speed up, but the fuel is used very efficiently. A thruster that has very high efficiency is said to have a high specific impulse.

It has to be carried into outer space by a regular rocket, because the ions don't push hard enough for it to escape the Earth's atmosphere, but after it gets to outer space it can travel a very long way. An ion thruster needs lots of electricity to work, so the spacecraft needs a very good way of producing electricity, such as solar panels or a nuclear reactor.

Ion thrusters are good for travelling between things in space that are very far away from each other. One example of this is interplanetary travel. Ion thrusters are good for this because they are efficient and can thrust for very long times. Chemical rocket thrusters ("regular" rocket thrusters) can only burn for short times, because they use fuel quickly and not efficiently. Because of this, chemical rockets only thrust for short times at important places during the journey. Ion thrusters use fuel very slowly and very efficiently. This means that ion thrusters can thrust continuously for the entire journey. In a slightly surprising way, this makes spacecraft that use ion thrusters faster than spacecraft that use chemical rockets.

Ion thrusters have been used on small space probes. In 2011 the NASA space probe called Dawn used an ion thruster to get to the asteroid named Vesta. In 2015 the thruster brought Dawn to the dwarf planet named Ceres.

Pistol

A pistol is a handgun. The word may be used broadly to mean any handgun, or narrowly to mean only a magazine pistol, as distinct from a revolver. 

In a magazine pistol, the cartridges are in a magazine, which is a metal or plastic box. The magazine is usually inside the handle of the pistol. When the pistol is fired, the empty cartridge pops out, and the next one comes up into position. The magazine is spring-loaded so it pushes the next bullet into place as the empty cartridge is ejected. For that reason pistols are sometimes called "semi-automatic". When the magazine runs out of cartridges, it can be reloaded by inserting more cartridges. 

The term has long been variously used. For example, in the American Old West revolvers were used but were then (and even today by some) called pistols. The word "pistol" entered English before 1600, from the French. At that time it usually meant a single-shot handgun.

One of the most important rules of gun safety is to keep guns out of the hands of children. Guns should be locked up and kept away from children and others who do not appreciate how deadly they are. Pistols like all guns should always be handled carefully. Always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction. A shooter should keep their fingers away from the trigger until the moment they intend to shoot. Always respect guns as a tool that can cause harm if used incorrectly. Always assume a gun is loaded until you are certain it is not.

A bullet is not the only part of a gun that can cause injury. Hearing protection will protect the eardrums of the shooter and those nearby. These can be inexpensive foam earplugs or more costly hearing protectors that have a Noise Reduction Rating or NRR. The higher the NRR number the better. Eye protection should be worn at all times while shooting or observing other shooters. Their impact-resistant lenses protect against bullet fragments, stray bits of gunpowder, and other debris.

The advantage of pistols over revolvers lies in the somewhat faster reloading of magazines that carry more bullets that a revolver's five or six rounds. This is why most police and military organizations use pistols. Also, pistols are often thinner and can be worn concealed better than revolvers. 
Pistols have a few disadvantages when compared to revolvers. They are more complicated and have more moving parts. A pistol may use heavier springs that younger and elderly shooters may find difficult to use.

Modern pistols usually only fire one shot every time you pull the trigger. Some special pistols, called machine pistols, can fire more than one shot at a time. Some famous pistols are the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92. 

Pistols were not often used in the western United States during the 1800s. They used revolvers. The first successful pistol being used then was the Borchardt C-93. It was designed in 1893, and became available in 1894.



Submachine gun

A submachine gun is a type of gun that shoots many bullets, usually pistol bullets, when one holds down the trigger. A submachine gun is smaller than a machine gun and can easily be carried by one person. They are often used where people need to defend themselves in small areas, or people need to fire many bullets quickly. The first submachine guns were invented in the early 1900s. They are often used by the police and counter-terrorism units .

In the early 20th century, experiments were made by converting pistols from semi to fully automatic firearms. Automatic weapons with gunstock and firing pistol rounds were developed around the same time during World War I, by Italy, Germany, and the United States. The first dedicated designs were developed in the latter stages of World War I both as improvements on earlier stocked pistols, and to offer an advantage in trench warfare.

They were popularized in the 1920s and '30s as weapon of choice of American gangsters and police, in the form of the famous Thompson submachine gun, commonly referred to as the "Tommy Gun". Submachine guns rose to prominence as a frontline close-quarters combat weapon and commando firearm during World War II. They are now widely used by police SWAT, military commando, paramilitary, and counter-terror team members for a variety of situations. 

Submachine guns are highly effective in close quarters; their lower-powered pistol cartridges make them generally more controllable in fully-automatic fire compared to assault rifles, while their small size and light weight grant maneuverability. However, pistol bullets often are stopped by body armor or cover, and are short-ranged compared to intermediate and rifle cartridges.

World War II developments were many and interesting. In Germany the development of machine carbines ("Maschinenkarabiner") was notable. From 1939 onwards the German Army analyzed combat conditions and developed new tactics and equipment requirements. The existing 7.92x57mm rifle cartridge was more powerful and long ranged than needed. Most combat took place at ranges less than 400 m (440 yards). A less powerful round (bullet) could be used. This meant a soldier could carry more ammunition, the weapon could be shorter, lighter and with less recoil. The gun could be an automatic.

Achieving this took time. Work in 1941 and 1942 led at last to a reliable weapon, the StG 44 (Sturmgewehr 44) "assault rifle 44". This was then produced in large numbers (over 600,000). It came too late to effect the Second World War, but was later adapted as the Soviet AK 47.


Elena V. Pitjeva

Elena Vladimirovna Pitjeva is a Russian theoretical physicist at the Institute of Applied Astronomy, Russian Academy of Sciences, St. Petersburg. She is noted for her work on ephemerides and is currently head of the Laboratory of Ephemeris Astronomy at the Institute of Applied Astronomy. Pitjeva is a member of the International Astronomical Union Commission 4: Ephemerides.

Pitjeva earned her undergraduate degree from the Faculty of Mathematics and Mechanics at A. A. Zhdanov Leningrad State University in 1972 in the specialty of astronomy. She earned an M.A. in theoretical physics in 1994 and a Ph.D. in theoretical physics in 2005. She was a student of Professor G.A. Krasinski.



Socialist Reich Party

The Socialist Reich Party of Germany (German: "Sozialistische Reichspartei Deutschlands") was a political party in West Germany. It was formed in 1949.

It was openly Neo-Nazi and admired Hitler. It split from the German Empire Party. Leaders included Otto Ernst Remer, a former Major General, and Fritz Dorls.

The SRP claimed West Germany's first Chancellor, Konrad Adenauer was a crony or puppet leader who was beholden to the United States, and that Karl Dönitz (who Hitler named as his successor in 1945) had been the last legally legitimate leader of Germany.

The SRP also falsely maintained that the Holocaust never happened, and for example, spread disinformation that the ovens used to cremate the murdered victims in the Dachau concentration camp were in fact built by United States military authorities after occupying Germany in 1945. The SRP wanted Europe to be dominated by a reunited Germany, a restored Reich that would neither be capitalist like West Germany or communist like East Germany.

The SRP never openly criticized the Soviet Union, and it is likely because the Soviets secretly funded the party to discredit and destabilize West Germany and its US allies. 

The SRP had its own paramilitary organization, the Reichsfront.

The SRP had about ten thousand members and, in 1952, won 16 seats in the Lower Saxony Landtag election, and 8 seats in Bremen.

It was banned in 1952 by the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany, the only court in West Germnay with the power to do so.


International Fight League

The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) league and is the world's first MMA league. It was founded on January 7, 2006 and closed on July 31, 2008.

Instead of the established norm for MMA events, where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs, each IFL card was a showdown between two teams of five fighters, each fighter fighting one match against another on the opposing team. The IFL was shown in the United States on Fox Sports Net and MyNetworkTV.


Anton Chekhov

Anton Pavlovich Chekhov (January 29, 1860 - July 15, 1904) was a Russian writer who wrote short stories and plays.

Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog, which is a city in Russia. His father, Pavel, was the owner of a grocery store. His mother, Yevgeniya, sometimes told Anton stories about her childhood.

In 1876, Chekhov's father went bankrupt. From then on, Chekhov's family was very poor. Anton Chekhov had to pay for his own education. He paid for it by tutoring (teaching) other students, catching birds and selling them, and writing short stories for newspapers. When he had extra money, he sent it to his family. While he was at school, he read many books by famous authors, for example Miguel de Cervantes and Arthur Schopenhauer.

In 1879, Chekhov went to Moscow University.

While he was at Moscow University, Chekhov wrote many short stories to pay for his schooling and to help his family. In 1886, one of the most famous newspapers in Russia, "New Times", asked him to write stories for them. Soon, his stories started to get famous, and other writers read his work and liked it. He wrote a book of stories called "At Dusk" that won the Pushkin Prize, an award for good writing.

In 1887, Chekhov wrote a play called "Ivanov". Chekhov did not like the play, but critics loved it.

In 1890, Chekhov went to Sakhalin Island, a penal colony (prison). He talked to many prisoners and found out that they were treated very badly. The prisoners were often beaten. There were also children there. He was angry, and wrote about it in a book called "The Island Of Sakhalin" and in a short story called "The Murder".

In 1892, he bought a house and some land near Moscow called Melikhovo. While he was there, he helped the people who lived nearby. He brought them food and clothing, and medicine when they were sick. Since he was trained as a doctor, he knew how to take care of them.

While at Melikhovo, he started to write a play called "The Seagull". When it was first performed, it went very badly, and the audience did not like it. Later, it was performed at another theater, the Moscow Art Theater, where the performances went better. Soon after this, he had another play performed, called "Uncle Vanya". He later wrote two more great plays: "Three Sisters" and "The Cherry Orchard". All four plays are still often performed today.

In 1897, he became sick. Doctors told him that he had tuberculosis, a lung disease, and that he should change his life to be healthier. He moved to Yalta and bought a house there. In 1901 he married a woman named Olga Knipper. At Yalta, he wrote some of his most famous stories, including a story called "The Lady With The Dog".

By 1904, Chekhov was very sick. He died on the 15th of July in Germany. Thousands of people were very sad when he died. He was buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.

Chekhov influenced many important writers, including George Bernard Shaw, James Joyce, and Virginia Woolf. His short stories are still read by many people around the world.



Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative

Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative ( or WASG) was a German political party founded in 2005 by people who did not like the Social Democratic–Green government.

On 16 June 2007, it merged with The Left Party.PDS to form the a party The Left ("Die Linke") party. At the time of its merger with The Left Party.PDS about 11,600 people were members.

Deutsche Reichspartei

The Deutsche Reichspartei (DRP) ("German Reich Party", "German Imperial Party" or "German Empire Party") was a nationalist political party in West Germany. It was a merger of the German Conservative Party - Deutsche Right Party (DKP-DRP) and the old Hessian Nationaldemokratischen Partei (NDP).

Some of the DRP's founders were: Alexander Andrae, Oskar Lutz, Hans Bernd von Grünberg, Wilhelm Meinberg, Otto Heß, Hans Schikora, Heinrich Kunstmann, Adolf von Thadden.

In 1949 the Sozialistische Reichspartei (SRP) split from the DRP. This was because the Empire Party was not neo-Nazi, and did not want to be associated with Adolf Hitler. Instead the party preferred to say how good the Second German Empire (1870-1919) was. 

The Deutsche Reichspartei did become more national socialist after 1952. This is when the Sozialistische Reichspartei was banned by the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany and a lot of its members re-joined the Empire Party.

The party was not very successful in the 1950s, but seemed to be getting more popular after the state elections of 1959. But the success did not last, and the party held its final conference in 1964 when it was dissolved. It was quickly replaced by the new Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands.


Fukuoka Prefecture

The area of Fukuoka Prefecture includes the old provinces of Chikugo, Chikuzen, and Buzen.


Fukuoka Prefecture faces the sea on three sides. The prefecture borders Saga, Ōita, and Kumamoto prefectures. Fukuoka is near Yamaguchi Prefecture across the Kanmon Straits.

Fukuoka includes the two largest cities on Kyūshū, Fukuoka and Kitakyūshū. Small islands are near the north coast of the prefecture.

There are 28 cities in the prefecture:
These are the towns and villages in each district of the prefecture
National Parks are established in about 18% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Kōra taisha", "Sumiyoshi-jinja", "Hakosagi-gū" and "Usa-jinjū" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Evening Prayer (Anglican)

Evening Prayer (often called Evensong), in the Anglican Church, is the traditional service when people come to church to worship in the late afternoon or early evening. In cathedrals in Britain and in some of the old university chapels it is a service that is sung by a choir nearly every day of the week (there is usually one day of the week when there is no choir and everything is spoken). In cathedrals it is usually just the choir and the priests who sing, while the congregation listen. There is sometimes one hymn at the end in which the congregation can join in. Evensong in churches will have more singing for the congregation to join in.

The form of Evensong used today was developed by Thomas Cranmer in the 16th century. There were two kinds of services, called "vespers" and "compline" that used to be sung every day by monks in monasteries. Cranmer took some of the words that were used in both these services and made today's form of Evening Prayer (Evensong).

The main idea in Evensong is the celebration of the incarnation of Christ: this is the story about Christ coming to the world in the form of a person and living among people. The words of the Magnificat and the Nunc Dimittis are always used in the service. The Magnificat is the song that Mary sang when she was told that she was going to have a baby who would be God’s son. The Nunc Dimittis is the song that was sung by the priest Simeon who had been promised by God that he would live long enough to see Jesus. Both these sets of words are from the New Testament.

Many churches now use the words from "Common Worship" or some other modern prayer book for their services. However, when Evensong is sung by a choir the words used are usually from the old traditional "Book of Common Prayer" (1662). This is because, for more than four centuries, so much great music has been composed that uses these words.

Because there is no communion at evensong, the service can be led by a layperson (someone who is not a “qualified” priest).

An evensong service will consist of the following:


The organist usually plays some organ music before and after the service. On Sundays there may be a sermon.

In churches the Magnificat and the Nunc dimittis (canticles), like the psalm, are often sung to a chant. This is a tune which repeats itself for every verse or every two verses and is sung to the natural rhythm in which it would be spoken. In cathedrals, or in churches with a good choir, the two canticles are sung to special music (like an anthem) composed by some well-known composer. There is usually an organ accompaniment. 

Many composers, especially Anglican church composers, wrote settings (music) for these two canticles (which choir members often called “Mag and Nunc”). Such composers include Edward Bairstow, Herbert Brewer, Orlando Gibbons, Herbert Howells, Henry Purcell, Charles Stanford, Herbert Sumsion, Thomas Tallis, Thomas Weelkes, Samuel Wesley and many others. Some of the composers wrote several settings. This is why different settings are often identified by the key they are in, e.g. Stanford in G, Stanford in C etc. Sometimes they can be identified by the cathedral for which they were written. Herbert Howells, for example, wrote Mag and Nunc settings for several cathedrals and chapels. These can be identified by calling them: Howells’ Gloucester Service, Collegium Regale (=King’s College, Cambridge) etc.

In a sung evensong the choir will also sing an "introit" which is a very short piece at the beginning of the service. They will sing a psalm to a chant, and there will also be an anthem.


Regierender Bürgermeister

The Regierender Bürgermeister () of Berlin is the head of government of the city. The Governing Mayor is the equivalent of the Minister President of the bigger States of Germany.

The Regierender Bürgermeister is elected by the Abgeordentenhaus (). He then appoints up to eight Senators. The Senators are ministers in charge of the departments of the city government. Two of the senators are also Mayors. The Mayors are the deputies of the Governing Mayor.

Alice in Chains

Alice in Chains is an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1987. They have sold an estimated 15 million albums in the US alone. Alice in Chains is sometimes thought of as a heavy metal band, but is mostly considered a grunge band.

The band's first lead singer, Layne Staley, became addicted to drugs. He often wrote about drug addiction in his lyrics. He died in Seattle in April 2002 after a fatal drug overdose. William DuVall took over as the lead singer in 2006.






Lutz Graf Schwerin von Krosigk

Johann Ludwig "Lutz" Graf Schwerin von Krosigk (22 August 1887 – 4 March 1977) was a German politician.

Johann Ludwig von Krosigk was born in Rathmannsdorf, in the Kingdom of Saxony. His father was from a noble family in Anhalt, his mother was a daughter of one of the Counts ("Graf") von Schwerin. He studied law and politics in Halle, in Lausanne and, as a Rhodes Scholar, at the University of Oxford.

He became a Lieutenant in the German Army during World War I, and he won the Iron Cross. In 1918, Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg. They had four sons and five daughters.

Schwerin von Krosigkut was a conservative, but not a member of any political party when was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932. President Paul von Hindenburg asked him to stay in office under Kurt von Schleicher. Hitler kept him as finance minister throughout the period of Nazi Party rule, even though several members of his family took part in attempts to kill Hitler.

On 1 May 1945, Schwerin von Krosigk was asked to be the Chancellor ("Reichskanzler") of the Flensburg cabinet by the new President ("Reichspräsident") Karl Dönitz.

On 7 May 1945, Dönitz allowed the German Army to surrender at Rheims before General Eisenhower.

Winston Churchill recognised the Flensburg Government de facto because he said the surrender was allowed by "Grand Admiral Dönitz the designated Head of State". The government was dissolved when its members were captured by British forces on 23 May 1945, at Flensburg.

Schwerin von Krosigk was tried at the Ministries Trial at Nuremberg along with other leading members of the Nazi Government. Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment but was released during an amnesty in 1951.

In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books about economics policy and two versions of his memoirs.

He was one of the first to talk about an "Iron Curtain" coming down across Europe, in a broadcast to the German people on 2 May 1945, a phrase which he had picked up from an article by Joseph Goebbels, and later used by Winston Churchill in a speech that made the phrase famous.

Schwerin von Krosigk died in 1977 in the town of Essen, Germany, aged 89.



Cockney Rejects

The Cockney Rejects is an Oi! punk rock band that formed in the East End of London in 1979.

East End of London

The East End of London, known locally as the East End, generally means the area of central London, England, east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames. It is poorer and is cheaper to live in than the West End, so it has had many immigrants over the years, including Huguenot, Irish, Jews and more recently Bengalis.

Suidae

Suidae is the family to which pigs and their relatives belong. Several species are currently recognised, including the domestic pig. In addition to numerous species of wild pig, the family includes the babirusa and the warthog.


Trdat of Iberia

T'rdat (Georgian: თრდატი), sometimes Latinized as "Tiridates", of the Chosroid Dynasty, was the king of Iberia (Kartli, eastern Georgia) from c. 394 to 406.

Georgian chronicles have said that he is the son of Rev, son of Mirian III, the first Christian king of Iberia. He is reported to have succeeded by his relative and son-in-law, Varaz-Bakur II, and to have been forced to pay tribute to the Sasanids of Iran. The chronicles praise his piety and credit Trdat with the construction of churches at Rustavi and Nekresi.


The Nutcracker

The Nutcracker is a classical ballet in two acts. It is based on E.T.A. Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King". It tells the story of a little girl who goes to the Land of Sweets on Christmas Eve. Ivan Vsevolozhsky and Marius Petipa adapted Hoffmann's story for the ballet. Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the music. Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov designed the dances. "The Nutcracker" was first performed at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, on 18 December 1892 to a modest success and rarely seen the next years.

In 1940, Walt Disney used some of the "Nutcracker" music in his animated movie "Fantasia", which led to an interest in the ballet. Interest grew when George Balanchine's "The Nutcracker" was televised in the late 1950s. The ballet has been performed in many different places since then. Before the first performance, Tchaikovsky took some numbers from the ballet to form the "Nutcracker Suite". This work was a great success on the concert stage, and is still played today.

The origin of "The Nutcracker" has its roots in the great success of "The Sleeping Beauty" ballet. This ballet was staged at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1890. It was the work of the director of the Imperial Theatres in St. Petersburg, Ivan Vsevolozhsky; the composer, Tchaikovsky; and the choreographer, Marius Petipa. Vsevolozsky thought another ballet based on a children's story would be just as successful as "The Sleeping Beauty".

He picked Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" as the subject for the new ballet. This story was loved by Russians. He wrote an adaptation of Hoffmann's story based on the Alexandre Dumas translation. He dropped much of the original. Petipa adapted Vsevolozsky's story to the requirements of ballet. Vsevolozsky then pressured Tchaikovsky into writing the music for the ballet. Tchaikovsky did not like the adaptation of Hoffmann's story, but he agreed to write the music.

Petipa designed the dances. He gave Tchaikovsky special directions about how the music was to be written. For example, he wanted a great "crescendo" of 48 bars as the Christmas tree rose higher and higher in Act 1. He wrote that the music for the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" should sound like drops of water splashing in a fountain.

In March 1892 the music was almost complete. Tchaikovsky took the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy", the "Waltz of the Flowers", and other numbers from the ballet to form the 20-minute "Nutcracker Suite". It was first played for the Russian Musical Society. The organization's members loved it. "Nutcracker Suite" is still played today.

Tchaikovsky completed the music for the ballet in April 1892. Rehearsals started in September 1892. Petipa fell ill and his assistant Lev Ivanov completed the dances. The ballet was first performed on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg. Tchaikovsky's one-act opera "Iolanta" was played before the curtain rose on "The Nutcracker". The run ended in 1893 after eleven performances.

In 1919, choreographer Alexander Gorsky staged a production. He cut out the Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier, and gave their dances to Clara and the Nutcracker Prince. They were now played by adults instead of children. A shortened version of the ballet was first performed outside Russia in Budapest's Royal Opera House in 1927.

In 1934, Vasili Vainonen, choreographer of the Kirov Ballet, staged a version of the work which was also influenced by the criticisms of the original production. He also cast adult dancers in the roles of Clara and the Prince, as Gorsky had. The Vainonen version influenced several later productions. Knowledge of the choreography spread because many dancers went to the west after the Russian Revolution.

The first complete performance outside Russia took place in England in 1934. It was staged by Nicholas Sergeyev at the Vic-Wells Ballet. It used a version of Petipa's original choreography. Annual performances of the ballet have been staged there since 1952.

The ballet takes place in Germany in the early 19th century. The curtain rises on a Christmas Eve party in the Silberhaus home. Guests arrive. The children get their presents, then dance about the room.

The door opens. A strange little man named Drosselmeyer comes into the room. He is a toy-maker. He is also Clara Silberhaus's godfather. He has four dancing dolls for the children and a special surprise for Clara. It is a nutcracker. She loves it, but her brother Fritz accidentally breaks it. She places the Nutcracker in her doll bed to get well.

The party ends and everyone leaves. Clara and her family go to bed. Clara creeps back to the room. She needs to be certain her Nutcracker is resting quietly. All of a sudden, mice start running about the room. The dolls, the tin soldiers, and all the other playthings come to life to fight the mice.

The Christmas tree rises higher and higher. The Nutcracker jumps out of the doll bed to fight the Mouse King. When the Nutcracker is in danger, Clara saves his life by throwing her slipper at the Mouse King. The Mouse King runs out of the room with all the other mice.

The Nutcracker becomes a human prince. Clara and the Nutcracker Prince set off through the snowy woods for the magical Land of Sweets. The beautiful Sugar Plum Fairy rules this land. She welcomes the two children then orders her subjects to dance for them. Dances about Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate are presented. Many other dances are presented. The ballet ends with everyone dancing a waltz.

Act I: Tableau 1

""'Act I: Tableau 2

Act II: Tableau 3

Criticism of the ballet was mixed. A portion thought of it to be a noble composition, with exemplary themes and emotion, however many thought otherwise. Russian balletomanes liked expert adult dancers and the large cast of children was critically attacked. One person complained that the ballet was "produced with children for children." Even the adult dancers came under fire. One person, for example, thought the dancer playing the doll in Act 1 was "nice" while another person thought she was "insipid".

One critic complained that the ballet was in bad taste because characters in Act 2 looked like food from a pastry shop. Another complained that Ivanov's "Waltz of the Snowflakes" was taken from ballets by Petipa. Tchaikovsky however thought that the staging was very beautiful, so much so that his eyes grew tired looking at it.

Some people were surprised that Tchaikovsky had anything to do with the ballet. They thought "The Nutcracker" was foolish. They were embarrassed that the great composer had had a hand in it. On the first night however, Czar Alexander III called Tchaikovsky before him in the royal box to congratulate him on the music.

The newspapers were divided on the ballet's value. The "St. Petersburg Gazette" wrote "this ballet is the most tedious thing ever seen ... a long way from what ballet music should be." The "St. Petersburg News-sheet" wrote, "It is hard to say which number is the greatest, for everything from start to finish is beautiful." "The New Age" wrote that Tchaikovsky's orchestral writing was the work of genius. A ballet lover thought "The Nutcracker" was the greatest of the three ballets Tchaikovsky had written.

The ballet's initial run ended in January 1893. When the Russian Revolution broke out in 1917, many ballet dancers were put out of work. They went to Europe. They talked to their new friends in Europe about "The Nutcracker". Some selections were performed here and there. 

In 1940 Walt Disney used some of the music in his movie "Fantasia". In 1944 the Nutcracker was staged at the San Francisco Ballet by William Christensen, the 'very first full-length' on Christmas Eve. 

Christensen (1902-2001) was called the grandfather of American Ballet. He was born in Brigham City, Utah. He had established the San Francisco Ballet in 1938. Later he founded the ballet department to the University of Utah in 1951, the first of its kind, and Ballet West in 1963. 

Christensen’s creation had its 75th Anniversary during the 2019-2020 season. In 1954 George Balanchine staged "The Nutcracker" in New York City. People liked it. When it was aired on television in 1957 and 1958, the ballet became more famous than ever. Balanchine's television "Nutcracker" had enough fun in it for people who had not seen a ballet, and enough dancing in it to please the ballet lovers who watched it. In the 1960s small ballet companies started producing "The Nutcracker" because it could make money and, in doing so, keep the company in business.

Today, "The Nutcracker" has been staged and seen by many people all over the world. Jennifer Fisher points out that it is "the most popular and most often [staged] ballet in the world." In North America, it is a yearly event in many places. Parents and children take part in staging the ballet and dancing in it. Trained ballerinas dance side by side with children who are only learning to dance. Parents work on costumes and sets. Local celebrities take small walk-on parts.

There have been many adaptations of the ballet over the years. In the United States, for example, there are hula, tap dance, reggae, wheelchair, dance-along, ice, and drag versions. In Canada, there have been hockey adaptations. Products such as Nutcracker dolls, soaps, foods, and clothing are sold in theatres before the show.

Ballet lovers question the present day dumbing-down (oversimplification) of "The Nutcracker" to make it accessible to the masses. The reasons the ballet was originally disliked in Russia (the many child dancers, the uneven story) seem to be the reasons the ballet has become such a great success in North America. Americans like seeing their children on stage and the story is very much like the rags-to-riches stories Americans love. Some people though complain about the stereotypes of children in Act 1 (boys are naughty, girls are nice) and also about the stereotypes of Arabians and the Chinese in Act 2.

Tchaikovsky wrote "The Nutcracker" for an orchestra of strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion. To this orchestra he added a "celesta" for the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" in Act 2 and children's instrumentsdrums, trumpets, cymbals, bird calls, whistles, and a rattlefor the Christmas party in Act 1. The instruments were specially ordered and tuned to Tchaikovsky's orders. The rattle is heard in the orchestra pit when Fritz cracks nuts in Act 1, and the other instruments are heard when the boys make a lot of noise while Clara comforts the broken Nutcracker.

Tchaikovsky hoped that the children would play the instruments on the stage, but they had difficulty keeping together with the orchestra. Because of the difficulty the children had, Tchaikovsky made the decision that they could play freely. He did not ask them to keep with the written music. After the first night, Tchaikovsky sent his thanks and baskets of sweets to the children of the Imperial Ballet School.

The Sugar Plum Fairy is a character in "The Nutcracker". The Sugar Plum Fairy only dances in Act 2 of the ballet. Clara falls asleep, and the second act could be seen as Clara's dream. Roland John Wiley however, thinks that the second act is a reality shaped by Drosselmeyer. The Sugar Plum Fairy is the ruler of the Land of Sweets. She welcomes the Nutcracker Prince and his love Clara to her land and orders the festivities. The character is danced by a "prima ballerina" (principal dancer), though she has little dancing to do. She is joined by a male dancer for a "pas de deux" near the end of the ballet. Her number in this "pas de deux" is called "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy".

The "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" is one of the most famous numbers in "The Nutcracker". It was written for the "celesta". This instrument was new at the time the dance was written. It looks like a small piano, but it sounds like bells. Tchaikovsky discovered the "celesta" in Paris in 1891 while making a journey to the United States. His publisher purchased one and promised to keep the purchase a secret. Tchaikovsky did not want Rimsky-Korsakov or Glazunov to "get wind of it and ... use it for unusual (different, strange) effects before me." Petipa wanted the Sugar Plum Fairy's music to sound like drops of water splashing in a fountain. Tchaikovsky thought the "celesta" was the instrument to do this. The original steps for the dance are unknown. Antonietta Dell'Era was the first to dance the part of the Sugar Plum Fairy. The character has very little dancing to do so Dell'Era put a gavotte by Alphonse Czibulka into the ballet. She then had something more to do.

In his biography about Tchaikovsky John Warrack points out that the ballet's greatest weakness is its story. It did not permit Tchaikovsky to musically develop the ballet in the manner of "Swan Lake" or "The Sleeping Beauty". What few symphonic passages exist in the ballet (mostly in Act 1) are not the best Tchaikovsky wrote. Warrack thinks that the "essential nature" of the ballet is found in the separate numbers. Tchaikovsky knew this when he put together the "Nutcracker Suite" to promote the complete ballet. Because the story was so weak and did not permit symphonic development, Tchaikovsky indulged his taste for "prettiness" in the separate numbers. This is what makes "The Nutcracker", according to Warrack, an "entertainment of genius".

In the biography "Tchaikovsky", writer David Brown points out that Tchaikovsky was not happy with "The Nutcracker" and complained to his friends about the difficulty of setting the tale to music. Brown asks why Tchaikovsky would ever let himself be persuaded to accept the story as the subject for a ballet. He points out that "Swan Lake" and "The Sleeping Beauty" were "dramatically meaty and deeply serious" while "The Nutcracker" was "trite ... [and] pointless." The ballet has no true climax he writes. He then asks, "What was it all about anyway? "The Nutcracker" is meaningless in the profoundest sense." He decides that the ballet is the "most inconsequential" of all the composer's mature works for theatre, and "its dramatic structure the least satisfactory." While Brown never gives his approval to "The Nutcracker", he thinks Tchaikovsky did a remarkable job despite the "appalling limitations of the subject."




Kingdom of Sophene

The Kingdom of Sophene (Armenian: Ծոփքի Թագավորութուն) was an Armenian kingdom, situated between ancient Armenia and Syria. It was ruled by the Orontids, an Armenian dynasty of Iranian origin. The kingdom was culturally mixed with Greek, Armenian, Iranian, Syrian, Anatolian and Roman influences. Founded around the 3rd century BCE, the kingdom maintained independence until when the Armenian Artaxiad king Tigranes the Great conquered the territories as part of his empire. Sophene laid near medieval Kharput, which is present day Elazig.



Lady Katherine Grey

Lady Katherine Grey (25 August 1540 – 26 January 1568) was an English noblewoman. She was the sister to Lady Jane Grey and Lady Mary Grey. Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk, who were Marquess and Marchioness of Dorset and later Duke and Duchess of Suffolk.

Katherine (also spelled Catherine) was born in 1540 to Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey. Her parents were disappointed that she was a girl. However, Frances treated Katherine better than she treated her sister, Lady Jane Grey. Little is known about Katherine's early life before 1550.
Katherine was married at the age of twelve to Henry Herbert in May 1553. It was the same day her elder sister, Jane, was married to Guildford Dudley. Katherine's sister Jane was queen of England for nine days before Mary became Queen. Because of this, Katherine's marriage to Herbert was annulled.

Katherine was considered even more beautiful than her sister Jane. She was a little short, but she had a delicate appearance. She had shining red-gold hair and her grandmother Mary Tudor's blue eyes. She also had white skin and no freckles, unlike her sister Jane.
Unlike her sister Jane, Katherine was not as smart and did not like her studies as much. She preferred playing with her pet dogs and birds.

Katherine said that her life at Queen Mary's court was the best time of her life. She met her future husband during these years and received money from Mary every year. Mary's sister, Elizabeth, did not like Katherine much. She distrusted her and did not wish to see her married. Katherine had other plans. 

In December 1560, she married Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford without Elizabeth I's permission. They planned to keep it a secret for a long time. However, Katherine became pregnant quickly and by July of the next year, she could not hold her secret any longer. She first tried to get help from Bess of Hardwick, but Bess screamed at Katherine and made her go away. Then she went to see Elizabeth's great favorite, Robert Dudley. He listened to Katherine but promised nothing. The next day he told Elizabeth everything. Elizabeth was angry with this and put both Edward and Katherine in prison. Katherine gave birth to a son in the Tower of London. The child's name was Edward. 

Later, she gave birth to another son, also in the Tower of London. This made Elizabeth even more angry since Katherine was not supposed to see Edward. The couple would not see each other again after the birth. Katherine soon got tuberculosis. She died in January 1568. She is buried in Cockfield Chapel.

Elongation

Elongation is an astronomical term that describes the angle between the Sun and a planet, as viewed from Earth.

When an inferior planet (Mercury or Venus) is visible after sunset, it is near its greatest eastern elongation. When an inferior planet is visible before sunrise, it is near its greatest western elongation. The value of the greatest elongation (west or east), for Mercury, is between 18° and 28°; and for Venus between 45° and 47°. This value varies because the orbits of the planets are elliptical, rather than perfect circles.

Conjunction (astronomy and astrology)

Conjunction is a word used in astronomy and astrology. It means that, as seen from some place (usually the Earth), two celestial bodies appear near one another in the sky. The event is also sometimes known as an appulse.

The astronomical and astrological symbol of conjunction is (in Unicode, U+260C ☌).


Opposition (astronomy and astrology)

Opposition is a word used in observational astronomy (and also astrology). It is used when two objects in the sky are on the opposite side of the sky when viewed from the Earth.

In particular, two planets are in opposition to each other when their ecliptic longitudes differ by 180°. When talking about a single object being in opposition, it is assumed to be opposite from the sun.

The Moon is in opposition to the Sun when it is a full moon.

The symbol of opposition is ☍.

A planet (or asteroid or comet) is said to be "in opposition" when it is in opposition to the Sun as seen from the Earth. This is the best time to observe a planet because:

Ophiuchus

Ophiuchus (Οφιούχος: say it 'Ofi-youkus'), is one of the 88 listed constellations. In Latin, it means "serpent-holder". It is near the celestial equator, and northwest of the center of the Milky Way. Ophiuchus is on the ecliptic, but is generally not considered to be in the zodiac. Its brightest star is Rasalhague.

The Voyager 1 probe is within the borders of Ophiuchus.



George Boleyn

George Boleyn (1504? - May 17 1536) was the brother of his famous sister Anne Boleyn and his other sister Mary Boleyn. His parents were Thomas Boleyn and Elizabeth Howard.

George was born in 1504, probably in Blickling, although it is unsure. George Boleyn was well known for serving the King (Henry VIII ), he was most favored by him. His sister, Anne, became queen because of the help of his Uncle (The Duke of Norfolk) and his Father (Thomas Boleyn). His two sisters, Anne Boleyn (Second wife of Henry VIII), and Mary Boleyn (Mistress of the King) were his only two friends. They spent much time together. He married Jane Parker, also known as Lady Jane Rochford. He was not happy with his marriage, he was only engaged to her by their Uncle. As a Boleyn/Howard (Howard, Mothers maiden name) he had to obey. His obedience towards his family made him unhappy. He refused to sleep with his wife, so instead spent many nights with his sisters in Anne's rooms. Mary would be there, for she was Anne's lady in waiting. All three of the Boleyns were very close.

George Boleyn had a very close relationship with his sister Anne. He was also close with his other sister, but Mary focused more on her family with her husband (William Stafford). George and Anne's downfall happened when Henry VIII accused them of incest. Mary Boleyn was not with them at the time of their exile. She chose to hide because of her children. If she had not hidden herself, she too would have been killed. It was likely a false charge by Henry VIII so he could get rid of Anne Boleyn. George's wife claimed that George and Anne had an affair. At her own execution, Lady Jane Rochford claimed that "God has permitted me to suffer this shameful doom as punishment for having contributed to my husband's death. I falsely accused him of loving in an incestuous manner, his sister, Queen Anne Boleyn. For this I deserve to die."

Tsitsernakaberd

Tsitsernakaberd () is a memorial for the victims of the Armenian Genocide. It is on a hill overlooking Yerevan, Armenia. Every year on April 24, Armenians gather here to remember the victims of the 1915 Armenian Genocide that took place in the Ottoman Empire carried out by the Turkish government. In 1965 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Genocide after a million people demonstrated for 24 hours; the demonstrations are now known as the 1965 Yerevan Demonstrations. In response, the genocide memorial construction began in 1966 and it was completed in 1968. In Yerevan, the capital of Armenia, crowds of people walk to the Tsitsernakaberd Genocide Memorial to lay flowers at the eternal flame.



Mary Boleyn

Mary Boleyn (about 1499 – 19 July 1543) was the older sister of Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII. They had a brother named George Boleyn. There have been many stories and books about Mary Boleyn, so historians are not sure what is true about her.

Mary was born some time between 1500 and 1507 at Blickling Hall in Norfolk. Her parents were Sir Thomas Boleyn and Lady Elizabeth Howard. While her parents had her sister Anne educated at the court of Margaret of Austria, Mary was probably educated at home. She had a well-rounded education for a woman in the 1500s. Among Mary's other skills, she could speak French.

In 1514, Mary's father got her a job as maid of honor to Mary Tudor, the sister of King Henry VIII. Mary Tudor was going to be married to King Louis XII of France. Mary and the other maids traveled with Mary Tudor to France, where Mary Tudor was married. Only a few months after the wedding, however, King Louis died and Francis I became king. Mary Tudor went back to England but Mary Boleyn stayed in France.

There were rumours that Mary Boleyn became King Francis's mistress, but some historians think the rumours may not be true. They think the rumours may have been about trying to make the Boleyn family look bad so Henry VIII could divorce Anne Boleyn.

In 1519, Mary went back to England to marry William Carey. Soon, she became King Henry VIII's mistress. Some historians think that King Henry was the father of Mary's two children, Catherine Carey and Henry Carey, but it is also possible that her husband William Carey was their father. Mary was Henry VIII's mistress for years, possibly until as late as 1526.

After Mary's husband died, she had money problems. Her sister Anne took Mary's son Henry as her ward and paid for his education.

In 1526, Mary married again. She married a soldier named William Stafford without her family's permission. Anne and the rest of Mary's family were angry with her. Mary and Stafford had one child, but historians do not know what happened to him or her.

After Anne and George Boleyn were executed, Mary's parents began to speak to her again. After her father and grandmother died, they left Mary half the Boleyn property. But Mary Boleyn had to fight for it in law court. Mary died in Rochford Hall in 1543.

Cubic centimetre

A cubic centimetre (symbol cm³ or cc) (U.S. spelling: cubic centimeter) is a commonly used unit of volume extending the derived SI-unit cubic metre and corresponds to the volume of a cube measuring 1 cm × 1 cm × 1 cm. One cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of of a cubic metre, or of a litre; therefore, 1 cm³ = 1 mL. In many scientific fields, the use of cubic centimetres has been replaced by the millilitre. The medical and automotive fields are two of the few fields wherein the term cubic centimetre was never discontinued in the United States. In the United Kingdom millilitres are used in preference to cubic centimetres in the medical field.

One cubic centimetre of water is equal to 1 gram.

Geometric albedo

The geometric albedo of an astronomical body is the ratio of its actual brightness at zero phase angle (i.e. as seen from the light source) to that of an "idealized" flat, fully reflecting, diffusively scattering (Lambertian) disk with the same cross-section.

The visual geometric albedo refers to the geometric albedo quantity when accounting for only electromagnetic radiation in the visible spectrum.

Welcome to the Black Parade

"Welcome to the Black Parade" is the first single and fifth track from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, "The Black Parade". It was released on September 11, 2006 on iTunes and October 9, 2006 on CD. It is the band's ninth single. The studio version was available on MySpace on September 2, 2006. The song became the group's first number one in the UK on October 15, 2006, and later rose to number one on the Modern Rock Tracks on October 26, 2006, where it would stay for seven weeks. It was originally intended to be called "The Five Of Us Are Dying."

The song ranked at #17 on Rolling Stone's "The 100 Best Songs of 2006".


Remembrance Day

Remembrance Day (in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom) is a day to remember people who fought and died in wars. It is on November 11. On that day in 1918 came the end of World War I with Armistice with Germany.

Remembrance Day was started in 1919 by King George V of the United Kingdom. On the same day, other countries also have days to remember war and soldiers. There is Veteran's Day in the United States, and Armistice Day in France, Belgium, New Zealand and other countries.

There are some things that people do on Remembrance Day at 11:00 AM. That is when World War I ended. At a ceremony for Remembrance Day, a tune called "The Last Post" is played on a bugle (or sometimes a trumpet). Then there are two minutes of silence. At the end of the silence, the bugle plays a tune called "Reveille".

In many countries, many people wear a poppy on Remembrance Day, and for a few days before. The remembrance poppy is an artificial flower to commemorate those who died in war. People bring wreaths made of poppies to Remembrance Day ceremonies. The poppy is a symbol to show they remember the wars and the soldiers who fought in them. Poppies were chosen as a symbol because they often grew in battlefields after the soldiers stopped fighting.


Division (botany)

In biology, a division is the equivalent of a phylum in a kingdom. Botanists use the word "division" where zoologists use the word "phylum".


Leona Lewis

Leona Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British actress and singer-songwriter. 

Lewis first became famous when she won a television talent contest in Britain called "The X Factor". When she won "The X Factor" in 2006, Lewis got a £1 million contract to make more music. She then released a song, as part of "The X Factor" contract, called "A Moment Like This" which was the number 1 song in the charts at Christmas after selling 571,253 copies in the shops and on download. 

Lewis then released her second song on 22 October 2007 called "Bleeding Love" which was the number 1 song again in Britain, and also reached number 1 in the United States. It sold 218,805 copies in the first week of release. She released her first album called "Spirit" in November 2007. Her second album is "Echo", which was released 9 November 2009.

Her first concert tour called "The Labyrinth" was in 2010. 

Her songs include "Better in Time" and "Bleeding Love".


Trinny Woodall

Trinny Woodall (born Sarah-Jane Woodall on 8 February 1964) is an English expert in fashion, author, television presenter and journalist.

Trinny Woodall first became famous when she presented a reality show called "What Not to Wear" with Susannah Constantine on the BBC. She then was on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in 2004 and helped American people with their clothes and appearance. She then presented "Trinny & Susannah Undress" on ITV in 2006 and "Trinny & Susannah Undress The Nation" in 2007.

She has also written lots of fashion books with Constantine in Britain and America which have been made into many languages. Their first major book, "What Not to Wear", sold 670,000 copies and won a British Book Award.



Susannah Constantine

Susannah Caroline Constantine (born June 3, 1962) is an English television presenter, fashion expert, author and journalist. In her early career, Constantine worked with famous fashion designers like John Galliano. She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 at a party and wrote about fashion in a newspaper called "The Telegraph". Susannah Constantine also dated the member of the British royal family, David, Viscount Linley, in the 1980s.

Constantine and Woodall became famous when they presented a reality show in Britain called "What Not to Wear". In 2002, they won a Royal Television Award for being the best presenters. In 2006 Constantine hosted another fashion show on ITV called "Trinny & Susannah Undress". She has also been on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" with Trinny Woodall, and helped women with their clothes. They have made many fashion books which have been successful in America and Britain, and have been translated into many languages. It is thought that the books have sold 2.5 million copies around the world.



Anna Wintour

Dame Anna Wintour (born 3 November 1949) is the English editor-in-chief of American "Vogue", a position she has held since 1988.

Anna Wintour stopped going to school at 16 and started her career in fashion. She worked on magazines in America called "New York" and "Home & Garden". She then went back to Britain and worked on a British magazine known as "Vogue". She later worked on the American version, making them both more popular and successful. Wintour supports young fashion designers and is sometimes called "Nuclear Wintour" because of her demanding personality.

It is thought that Anna Wintour was the inspiration behind the demanding editor, Miranda Priestly, in the novel "The Devil Wears Prada". The author of the book, Lauren Weisberger, had worked as the personal assistant of Anna Wintour at "Vogue". It has been suggested that the setting and Priestly were based on "Vogue" and Wintour, but Weisberger denies this, and says that Wintour is given her own appearance near the end of the book.

The similarities between Priestly and Wintour are:

Before the book started selling, Wintour told the "New York Times", "I always enjoy a great piece of fiction. I haven't decided whether I am going to read it or not."

It is also said that a character in the TV series of "Ugly Betty" is based on Wintour. The character Fey Sommers, is very similar to Anna Wintour:

Wintour is also mentioned in "Ugly Betty" when Wilhelmina Slater is going to get a better job at "MODE" (the magazine) after Bradford Meade is arrested. She does not accept a lunch invitation from Anna Wintour, saying she should have called back in 1998, not 2007.

Wintour has been a supporter of the Democratic Party going back to Hillary Clinton's 2000 Senate run and John Kerry's 2004 presidential run and serving Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential runs as a lot of contributions. In 2008 and 2012, she co-hosted fundraisers with Sarah Jessica Parker, the latter being a 50-person, $40,000-a-plate dinner at Parker's West Village town house with Meryl Streep, Michael Kors, and Trey Laird, an advertising executive, among the attendees. She has also teamed with Calvin Klein and Harvey Weinstein on fundraisers during Obama's first term and Donna Karan has been amongst the attendees.

Kingdom of Saxony

The Kingdom of Saxony (), existed from 1806 until 1918. 

From 1871 it was part of the German Empire, and after World War I it became part of the Weimar Republic. Its capital was the city of Dresden, and its modern successor state is the Free State of Saxony.

Before 1806 Saxony was the Electorate of Saxony in the Holy Roman Empire. This meant that the princes who ruled Saxony were prince-elector and could help elect a new Holy Roman Emperor.

When Emperor Francis II was defeated by Napoleon at the Battle of Austerlitz and the empire was dissolved the electorate became an independent kingdom. The last elector of Saxony became King Frederick Augustus I. 

After the Battle of Jena in 1806, Saxony joined the Confederation of the Rhine, and remained within the Confederation until it broke up in 1813 when Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Leipzig. 

The Catholic ruler of Saxony was one of the few German leaders to support the French. Saxony was put under Russian occupation and 40% of the Kingdom, including the historically significant Wittenberg, home of the Protestant Reformation, was taken by Prussia, but Frederick Augustus was allowed back to rule the remainder of his kingdom, which still included the major cities of Dresden and Leipzig. The Kingdom also joined the German Confederation, the new organization of the German states to replace the Holy Roman Empire.

During the 1866 Austro-Prussian War, Saxony sided with Austria. The Saxon army was the only large army to help Austria. At the peace talks Austria said Saxony should not be punished. The other states in north Germany including the large Kingdom of Hanover were annexed ("taken over") by Prussia after the war. These states had promised help to Austria but did little, so Austria did not try to help them at the peace talks. 

Saxony joined the Prussian-led North German Confederation the next year in 1867. When Prussia beat France in the Franco-Prussian War of 1871, the Confederation was turned into the German Empire by Otto von Bismarck, with Wilhelm I as its Emperor. 

John I, as Saxony's king, was below the Emperor, although he, like the other German princes, kept some of the rights of a sovereign ruler, including sending ambassadors other states.

Wilhelm I's grandson Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicated in 1918 after Germany's defeat in the First World War. King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony followed him into abdication and the Kingdom of Saxony became the Free State of Saxony inside the newly-formed Weimar Republic. The Kingdom of Saxony had lasted only 112 years.


Saxe-Meiningen

The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen was one of the Ernestine duchies.

The dukes were never very important in forming the history of Europe, and unlike their relative in the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha never set out to form a long lasting dynasty.

Like all of the German monarchies the duchy became part of the Weimar Republic after World War I.

In the reshuffle of Ernestine territories after the death of the Saxe-Gothaducal line in 1825, Saxe-Meiningen got the territories of Hildburghausen and Saalfeld. The state of Saxe-Meiningen was merged into the new state of Thuringia in 1920.

The capital of Saxe-Meiningen was Meiningen; it had an area of 2,468 km² and a population of 269,000 (1905). The summer residence was Altenstein.

The present head of Head of the Ducal House of Saxe-Meiningen is Prince Frederick Konrad (born 1952).


Dukedom abolished in 1918



Eilenburg

Eilenburg is a town in the north of the state of Saxony (eastern Germany). The town lies on the banks of the river Mulde about northeast of the city of Leipzig. It belongs to the Nordsachsen Rural District. It is subdivided into the urban districts "Mitte", "Ost" and "Berg" (Stadtteile) and the villages "Behlitz", "Hainichen", "Kospa", "Pressen", "Wedelwitz" and "Zschettgau" (Ortsteile).

Eilenburg occupies . It has about 17.000 inhabitants as of 31 December 2009.

The castle of Eilenburg was first mentioned at 29 July 961 in a document by Otto I. as "civitas Ilburg". The name has Slavic origin and means "town in clay deposits". Probably in the 11th century there has developed a settlement of purchase people in the advance of the castle, that forms the origin of the today's town of Eilenburg.

In the 16th century Eilenburg was a centre of the reformation events. Even George, Duke of Saxony, called this town a "nominated place" ("namhaftigen Ort"). Martin Luther was total seven times in Eilenburg and called it a "blessed lard pit" ("gesegnete Schmalzgrube"). It is passed that he took it into consideration to set here in the old. 

The Thirty Years' War left hard mark in Eilenburg. First the town was spared of fighting, but it already suffered from the catastrophic economic effects of the war. From the year 1631 the town was directly involved in the war. In 1632 the body of Gustav II Adolf, King of the Swedish, was laid out in "Red Deer Inn" ("Gasthof Roter Hirsch") after he had been killed in the Battle of Lützen the 16 November 1632. In 1639 Eilenburg was conquered by the troops of Georg von Derfflinger. In 1646 peace negotiations between Saxony and Sweden began in Eilenburg to extend the expiring Armistice of Kötzschenbroda. The 14 September 1648 the Treaty of Eilenburg was made and meant the end of the Thirty Years' War for total Saxony. Subsequently the town recovered. 

The slow onset of economic recovery got a sudden end by the began of the Seven Years' War. Virtually each male in Eilenburg had to serve in the armed forces. The city was occupied alternately by the Austrians and Prussians. In the following Eilenburg turned into an impoverished and squandered town. In the end of the 18th century the economy stagnated and Eilenburg became an insignificant town.

In 1813 during the Napoleonic wars shortly before the Battle of Leipzig Napoleon was in Eilenburg and took the last view on his and the allies Saxon troops eastern Eilenburg. After Napoleon's defeat, Saxony had to cede large territory to Prussia under the provisions of the Congress of Vienna. Eilenburg now belonging to the very modern Prussian state. Thereby the transition of Eilenburg to an industrial city was advanced significantly. 

Because of the founding of numerous textile factories Eilenburg next to Berlin became most important centre of Prussian textile production. The ascent to an important industrial city came mainly from the nearby Saxony. Saxon industrialists settled in Eilenburg for having duty-free access to the Prussian market. Onset urbanization caused a rapid rising of the population. The social tensions resulting from the industrialization and the huge growth of population promoted a strong labour movement. In 1849 the "health insurance support association" ("Krankenkassenunterstützungsverein") was founded. In 1850 the "food association of Eilenburg" ("Eilenburger Lebensmittelassociation") as first food cooperative of Germany and "Darlehnskassenverein" as first Credit union in Germany were founded. Carl Degenkolb, owner of a factory in Eilenburg and member of Frankfurt Parliament, instituted first German works councils voluntarily at his factory. 

In 1872 Eilenburg received its first railway. The 30 June Halle-Eilenburg-Falkenberg route was opened. Two years later transport services started on the new built Eilenburg-Leipzig route. Industrial development continued rapidly by settlement of chemical, wood and metal processing industry. The "German Celluliod Factory" ("Deutsche Celluliod-Fabrik") that settled in 1887 characterized the city's business for more than a hundred years.

During World War I hundreds of Eilenburg people were called up for military service. The 21 October 1917 Wilhelm Pieck, the later President of GDR escaped from a military transport at Eilenburg station. Total about 800 people from Eilenburg were killed during the war.

About two weeks before the end of the World War II the city was almost completely destroyed. 17. April 1945 the American troops reached Eilenburg. It was ordered defense to extremes. Three days and three nights the town was under heavy artillery fire, that destroyed most of the buildings of the city. The meaningless defense killed two hundred people, 90 percent of the City Centre (65 percent of the buildings of the whole city) were destroyed while the American associations had nearly no losses. Eilenburg was one of the hardest destroyed cities in Germany.

The city centre was rebuilt in the 1950s. In 1952 the city became the seat of the Eilenburg Rural District newly formed by the administrative reform in the GDR. In the east part of Eilenburg large new housing areas emerged. In autumn 1989 up to seven thousand inhabitants formed peaceful demonstrations reaching a change ("Wende") especially on political level. After the German reunification some long-established companies got out of business. Dismantling of jobs could only be partially offset by new business settlements on newly created industrial areas outside the city. In 1994 Eilenburg Rural District got merged with Delitzsch Rural District in the course of district reform. So the city lost the seat of district.

In 2002 Eilenburg was hit hard by flood of the river Mulde. The thereby caused damages amounted to EUR 135 million. The construction of flood protection facilities was intensified after the flood. In 2008 the construction measures ended after investments amounting to EUR 35 million. Eilenburg was the first city in Saxony that is completely protected against flood. Since 1 August 2008 Eilenburg lies approximately in the middle of the newly formed Nordsachsen Rural District.


The Misfits

The Misfits were a punk rock band from New Jersey. They are usually classified as a hardcore punk or horror punk band. They often played in theatrical makeup to look spooky. They had themes mostly from old movies, especially horror movies. The lead singer was Glenn Danzig. Danzig later formed Samhain and then Danzig. Other members went on to form a new version of the Misfits in the late 2000s. That version eventually included members of the Ramones and Black Flag.

The Misfits had many of their records released in limited collectible versions. Sometimes they were released through their fan club called The Fiend Club. They had a huge influence on everything from the way punk is marketed (the Misfits rival Kiss in marketing of their skull logo) to the many celebrities wearing their T shirts.

Vistula

The Vistula (Polish: Wisła) is the longest river in Poland. It is 1,047 km (678 miles) long. 

The following is the list of right and left tributaries and the name of a city close by, listed from source to mouth:

Right tributaries 

Left tributaries

Sunnah

The word Sunnah (Arabic: سنة) is an Arabic word meaning "tradition" or "way." For Muslims, Sunnah means "the way of the prophet". Sunnites try to follow his words, actions and teachings. 

Muslim scholars learn about the Sunnah by studying thousands of stories about Muhammad, his family, and his first followers. These stories are called Hadith.


Al-Aqsa Mosque

Al-Aqsa Mosque ("The Farthest Mosque") is a mosque, or a place where Muslims go to worship, and it is in East Jerusalem/Baitulmaqdis. 

Abdul Malik ibn Marwan asked for the mosque to be built, but he died before they finished building it, and it was finished by his son Al-Walid I in 705 AD. The Al-Aqsa Mosque is a part of the Al-Haram al-Qudsi al-Sharif, or "The Noble Sanctuary". This area is known as the Temple Mount by Jews, and it is believed to be the location where the Jewish Temple was built. The mosque is the 3rd most important place in Islam. Muslims believe that Muhammad went from the Sacred Mosque in Mecca to the Al-Aqsa Mosque in the story of the "Night Journey". Also, some Islamic traditions say Muhammad led prayers there before his ascension.

People have planned to attack the mosque, and some people have actually attacked it. In 1969 Michael Dennis Rohan set the mosque on fire, destroying a lot of the mosque. Some members of the Gush Emunim Underground planned to blow up the mosque, but they never blew it up.

In September of 2000 Ariel Sharon visited Al-Aqsa, and Palestinians who were at the mosque threw objects at the police force that was with Sharon. In return the police shot rubber bullets at the group of Palestinians. Palestinians said Sharon visited the mosque to make people angry, but Sharon said he had gone there with a message of peace. This visit is what some believe caused the Second Intifada.

"Al-Aqsa Masjid" means "the farthest Mosque". The masjid's name comes from a story in the Quran called "The Night Journey". In the story Muhammad goes from Makkah to East Jerusalem, where the Al-Aqsa Masjid is. Then he went up to Heaven (Jannah).

The mosque was first built in 705 AD. The first mosque was destroyed in an earthquake in 748 AD and had to be built again. We do not know when it was built again, but it was probably in 771 AD, and this mosque was destroyed soon after they finished building it. The third mosque was built around 780 AD. In 1033 AD there was another earthquake, and the mosque had to be built again.

East Jerusalem was taken over by the Crusaders in 1099. Instead of taking down the mosque, the crusaders used the mosque as a palace. In 1119 it was changed into the headquarters for the Templar Knights.

Balkh Province

Balkh () is a province in the northern part of Afghanistan. Its capital is Mazar-i-Sharif. Most of its people are Tajiks, Hazaras and Uzbeks.


Dwight Hicks

Dwight Hicks was born April 5, 1956 in Mount Holly, New Jersey. He was a professional American football player. He played the defensive back position for the Toronto Argonauts in 1978. He also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Francisco 49ers from 1979 to 1985 and for the Indianapolis Colts in 1986. Before that, Dwight Hicks played for the University of Michigan. He is a four-time Pro Bowl selection from 1981 to 1984. He helped the 49ers to win 2 NFL Championships in Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX.

Hicks led the NFL in interceptions in the 1981 season, and return yards. He went on to be very important in the Super Bowl. After the 49ers lost a fumble on the opening kickoff, the Cincinnati Bengals got the football to San Francisco 5-yard line. Hicks made an interception and stopped the Bengals from scoring.

In Hicks eight NFL seasons, he had 32 interceptions, 602 interception return yards, 14 fumble recoveries, 112 fumble return yards, and 4 touchdowns. 

Hicks went on to become a popular character actor in movies such as "The Rock", "Jack", "Armageddon", and "In the Mix" after his football career. He also made appearances on many television programs. Some shows that he appeared on include "Nash Bridges", "The Pretender", "The Practice", "The X-Files", "ER" and "The O.C."

Surface gravity

The surface gravity, "g", of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface. The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration caused by the gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object's surface and which, in order not to disturb the system, has negligible mass.

Surface gravity is measured in units of acceleration, which, in the SI system, are meters per second squared. It may also be described as a multiple of the Earth's gravity, "g" = 9.80665 m/s. In astrophysics, the surface gravity may be expressed as log "g", which is obtained by first expressing the gravity in cgs units, where the unit of acceleration is centimeters per second squared, and then taking the base 10 logarithm.


Rotation period

In astronomy, a rotation period is the time an astronomical object takes to complete one revolution around its rotation axis relative to the background stars. For the Earth this is a sidereal day. It is different from a solar day, which is measured by the passage of the Sun across the local meridian.

All celestial objects spin. The rotation period differs according to whether the body in question is solid or fluid (gaseous). A solid object has one value, but a fluid object such as a star spins differently at the poles compared to the equator (Sun: about 25 days at the equator and about 35 days near the poles).

Tidal locking

Angular size

Angular size is a measurement of how large or small something is using rotational measurement. It is useful for measuring things that are so far away that they appear two dimensional.


Albedo

The albedo of an object is the extent to which it reflects light, more specifically light which comes from the Sun. It is defined as the ratio of reflected to incident electromagnetic radiation. It is a unitless measure indicative of a surface's or body's diffuse reflectivity. The word is derived from "albus", a Latin word for "white".


Robin Olds

Robin Olds (born July 14, 1922, died June 14, 2007) was a member of the United States Air Force. He was one of the first jet fighter pilots. In World War II, he flew a P-38 Lightning and a P-51 Mustang. In the Vietnam War, he was a commander and was angry about lack of dogfight training. He flew an F-4 Phantom II. In 1973, he retired from the Air Force at the rank of brigadier general. He had made 16 kills (12 in World War II, 4 in Vietnam). He had prostate cancer and died of heart failure.

Lady Mary Grey

Lady Mary Grey (20 April 1545 – 20 April 1578) was the sister of Lady Jane Grey and Lady Katherine Grey. Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey.

Mary Grey's parents were disappointed with her birth, because she was a girl and a hunchback. She was described as "four foot tall and hunchbacked". 

Mary's life was not as exciting as her sisters, Jane and Katherine Grey. But after their death she was the last surviving grandchild of Mary Tudor, and therefore some people thought she might be heiress to the English throne. She married the royal gatekeeper Thomas Keyes in 1565 but this was without Queen Elizabeth's permission. But like her sister Katherine's marriage to Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford, Queen Elizabeth was angry. Elizabeth claimed that she wanted "no bastard Keyes". Elizabeth put Mary under house arrest. She was released after the death of her husband in 1572 and was permitted to attend Court occasionally.

She died childless at age 33.


German-speaking Community of Belgium

The German-speaking Community of Belgium (, short "DGB") is one of the three federal communities in Belgium. It is the main part of the so-called East Cantons () of Belgium. It has an area of , and a population of over 73,000, of which almost 100% are German speaking (traditionally Ripuarian-speaking).

Its capital is Eupen; it is part of the province of Liège and borders on the Netherlands, Germany, and Luxembourg.

The area was known as Eupen-Malmedy, and is now called the East Cantons. It is made up of the German-speaking Community and the municipalities of Malmedy and Waimes (Weismes), which belong to the French-Speaking Community of Belgium.

The East Cantons were part of the Rhine Province of Prussia in Germany until 1920 but were annexed by Belgium following Germany's defeat in World War I and the subsequent Treaty of Versailles. Thus they also became known as the "cantons rédimés", "redeemed cantons". The peace treaty of Versailles demanded the "questioning" of the local population about their political status.

This was not a secret vote, and anyone who did not want to become Belgian had to register their full name and address. Many locals feared reprisals or even expulsion after enlisting.

In the mid-1920s the kingdom of Belgium seemed to want to sell the region back to Germany. The French government told the Belgians to stop the Belgian-German talks about the deal.

In 1940 the new cantons were retaken by Germany in World War II. They had only been in Belgium for 20 years, so the majority of people of the east cantons still thought of themselves as German. Following the defeat of Germany in 1945 the cantons were once again taken over by Belgium.

In the early 1960s Belgium was divided into four language areas, the Dutch speaking Flemish area, the French speaking area, the bilingual capital of Brussels, and the German speaking area of the east cantons. In 1973, three communities and three regions were established and granted internal autonomy. The legislative Parliament of the German-speaking Community, "Rat der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft", was set up. Today the German-speaking Community has a degree of self government, especially in language and cultural matters, but it still part of French speaking Wallonia.

Some people want the German-speaking Community to be its own region. One of these is the current Minister-President Karl-Heinz Lambertz.

The German-speaking Community has its own government, which is appointed for five years by its parliament. The Government is headed by a Minister-President, who acts as the "prime minister" of the Community, and is assisted by the Ministry of the German-speaking Community. The government currently formed by four Ministers:



County Durham

County Durham is a county in north-east England. There are four different types of county:


Its county town is Durham.

The form of the county name is unique in England. Many counties are named after their principal town, and the expected form here would be "Durhamshire". But County Durham did not become a shire/county until after the language of government was changed from Anglo-Saxon to Norman French in 1066. Previous to that it was a semi-independent Bishopric.
Durham County Council promotes the non-metropolitan county for tourism purposes as "The Land of the Prince Bishops" in reference to the former palatine jurisdiction of the bishops.

The historic county covered from the Pennines in the west, the River Tees in the south, the North Sea in the east and the Rivers Tyne and Derwent in the north.

The county several had a number of exclaves: Bedlingtonshire, Islandshire and Norhamshire within Northumberland, and Craikshire within the North Riding of Yorkshire. The historic boundaries were used for parliamentary purposes until 1832, and for law courts and local government until the Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844, which merged most remaining exclaves with their surrounding county.

In 1889, under the Local Government Act 1888 England and Wales was divided into administrative counties and county boroughs. Administrative counties, governed by an elected county council, were based on the historic boundaries, less larger towns which became self-governing as county boroughs.

In 1889 the administrative county of Durham consisted of the historic county less the county boroughs of Gateshead, South Shields and Sunderland. The boundary with the North Riding of Yorkshire was adjusted: the part of the town of Barnard Castle that was in Yorkshire was added to County Durham, but the part of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees in Durham was given to the North Riding. For all non-administrative purposes, such as lieutenancy, the County of Durham comprised the administrative county and associated county boroughs.

Over its existence, the administrative county lost territory, both to the existing county boroughs, and also due to the creation of county boroughs at West Hartlepool in 1902 and Darlington in 1915. In 1967 the borough of Hartlepool was removed from the administrative county when it merged with West Hartlepool to form a new county borough of Hartlepool, and in 1968 Billingham was included within the boundaries of the county borough of Teesside, associated with the North Riding.

The administrative county was abolished in 1974.

In 1974 Durham was divided between three counties. The boroughs of Hartlepool and Stockton-on-Tees became a part of the new non-metropolitan county of Cleveland. The metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear became responsible for Gateshead, Sunderland and South Tyneside. The new non-metropolitan county of Durham also covered the former area of Startforth Rural District, a part of the historic North Riding of Yorkshire, and south of the historical boundary of the River Tees.

The Department for Communities and Local Government has said that the seven district councils and the County Council will be abolished and a new unitary authority for the whole of the existing County Council area will be created. The change will be on 1 April 2009 at the latest. The successful Durham County Council bid referred to the new authority as County Durham Council.

In 1997 the non-metropolitan county (including unitary Darlington), together with that part of the former county of Cleveland north of the River Tees became a ceremonial county. Lord-lieutenants and high sheriffs are appointed to the ceremonial county of Durham. they have no job in local government.

This is a list of the main towns in County Durham. The area covered is the entire ceremonial county, hence the inclusion of towns which are no longer administered by Durham County Council. 



Balkan Mountains

The Balkan mountain range (Bulgarian and Serbian: Стара планина, "Stara planina", "Old Mountain") is an extension of the Carpathian mountain range, separated from it by the Danube River. The People who lived in the Balkan Mountains are called Balkandjii.

The Balkan range runs 560 km from eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea.

The highest peak on the Balkan peninsula is Musala in the Rila mountains near Sofia (Rila range), with 2,925 m, closely followed by Mount Olympus in Greece and Vihren (Pirin range).

The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria. The highest peak is Botev (2,376 m), in the Central Balkan National Park (established 1991).
There are paved roads crossing Stara Planina at the following passes (listed from west to east):




Carpathian Mountains

The Carpathian Mountains are the eastern wing of the great Central Mountain System of Central Europe, curving 1500 km (~900 miles) along the borders of Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Ukraine, Austria, Serbia, and northern Hungary.

The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava. They surround Transcarpathia and Transylvania in a large semicircle, sweeping towards the south-west, and end on the Danube near Orşova, in Romania. The total length of the Carpathians is over 1,500 km, and the mountain chain's width varies between 12 and 500 km.

The Carpathians are separated from the Alps by the Danube.

A major part of the western and northeastern Outer Carpathians in Poland, Ukraine and Slovakia is traditionally called Beskids.

What follows is a practical outline of the Carpathian subdivisions (clockwise from the west, numbers refer to the map):

Squamata

Squamata ("scaled reptiles") is the order of reptiles which includes lizards and snakes, and the Amphisbaenia. 

Their skins have overlapping horny scales. They also have movable quadrate bones, which make it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase. This is particularly visible in snakes, which are able to open their mouths very wide to accommodate comparatively large prey. 

They are the most variably-sized order of reptiles, ranging from the 16 mm (0.63 in.) Dwarf gecko ("Sphaerodactylus ariasae") to the 8 m (26 ft.) Green Anaconda ("Eunectes murinus").

This is the only living reptile group which has both viviparous and ovoviviparous species, as well as the usual oviparous (egg-laying) reptiles.

The Squamata does not include the Tuataras from New Zealand. They are a sister group to the squamates. The Crocodilia are much more distantly related.

Squamates are a monophyletic group that is a sister group to the tuatara. The squamates and tuatara together are a sister group to crocodiles and birds, the living archosaurs. 

Squamate fossils first appear in the early Jurassic, but a mitochondrial phylogeny suggests that they evolved in the late Permian. The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out, with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic. 

From morphological data, Iguanid lizards have been thought to have diverged from other squamates very early, but recent molecular phylogenies, both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, do not support this early divergence. Because snakes have a faster molecular clock than other squamates, and there are few early snake and snake ancestor fossils, it is difficult to resolve the relationship between snakes and other squamate groups.

Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny. 60% of squamates are venomous Toxicofera. 

Venom in the families Caenophidia, Anguimorpha, and Iguania evolved once, then the three families diverged. All three lineages share nine common toxins. The fossil record shows that the divergence between anguimorphs, iguanians, and advanced snakes dates back roughly 200 MYA to the Upper Triassic/Lower Jurassic.

Snake venom evolved by the duplication of a gene encoding for a normal regulatory or bioactivity protein. Then the copy was expressed in the venom gland. 

Different toxins have been recruited from different proteins and are diverse as the functions themselves. 

Natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey. Venom genes form large multigene families, and evolve by protein evolution. This leads to a diversification of toxins that let sit-and-wait predators attack a wide range of prey. 

The rapid evolution and diversification is the result of a prey/predator evolutionary arms race where each adapts to counter the other.

Classically, the order is divided into three suborders:


Of these, the lizards form a paraphyletic group. In newer classifications the name Sauria is used for reptiles and birds in general, and the Squamata are divided differently:

Pingu

Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu. The series is popular in many countries because the characters only make sounds instead of saying words.

"Pingu" was made in Switzerland and United Kingdom on May 28, 1986. The show was made by Otmar Gutmann. It aired on CBBC from 1990 to 2002 and Cbeebies from 2002 to 2015. From 1993 to 2003, VHS releases were by BBC's Toybox line. As of 2003, all releases for DVD's are by HiT Entertainment.

The cast of "Pingu" includes the family and friends of Pingu.


Season 1

Season 2

Season 3

Season 4

Season 5

Season 6

In the United Kingdom, the BBC aired the original version of "Pingu" on the Children's BBC slot on BBC One from 1990 onwards. In 2002, when the BBC created the CBBC channel, it was moved to its preschool channel CBeebies. They used the original cartoon title card for series 1-2, and the first 13 episodes of series 3 used the claymation-inspired intro. JimJam contains all of the show's 156 episodes and "Pingu at the Wedding Party", but it contains the re-dubbed versions of series 1-2, and contains the original version of the special, without the titles and credits.

"Pingu" received mostly positive reviews, Common Sense Media rated the show a 4 out of 5 stars stating "Parents need to know that this claymation series is funny, endearing, and entertaining. Although the series is appropriate for all ages, the plots might be difficult for the youngest viewers to follow".


Tatra mountains

The Tatra Mountains, Tatras or Tatra (Tatry in both Slovak and Polish), constitute a mountain range which forms a natural border between Slovakia and Poland. They occupy an area of 750 km², the major part (600 km²) of which lies in Slovakia. The highest Tatra peak, at 2655 m, is Gerlachovský štít, located in Slovakia. Rysy, at 2499 m, is the highest Polish peak.

The Tatra Mountains are the highest mountain range in the Carpathian Mountains. Although considerably smaller than the Alps, they are classified as having an alpine landscape. Their high mountain character, combined with great accessibility, makes them popular with tourists and scientists.

Ján Lacika, "Tatras" (2nd edition), Bratislava 2006. 






Frank G. Wells

Franklin G. Wells (March 4, 1932 – April 3, 1994) was the former President of Warner Bros. (1973–1977) and the Walt Disney Company (1984–1994). He climbed the highest mountain of every continent, but he did not reach the summit of the Mount Everest.

Frank Wells was born in 1932. At age 37, he became the Vice President of Warner Brothers, in 1973 the President and in 1977 the Vice Chairman. In 1982 he left Warner Bros. to pursue his dream of climbing to the top of the highest mountain on each continent. In 1984, he became part of the Disney concern as the second man behind Michael Eisner. Since 1984 he was the President and the Chief Operating Officer (COO). With Wells and Eisner at the top Disney became again one of the leading entertainment companies.
Frank Wells died in a helicopter crash on April 3, 1994 at age 62 while returning from a ski trip. The Disney animation movie, "The Lion King", is dedicated to him.

Perfect

Perfect could mean:

In mathematics:

In biology:

In music:

As a proper name:

Bodhi Tree

The Bodhi Tree was a large and very old sacred fig tree ("Ficus religiosa"), which grew at the Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya. Siddhartha Gautama, the spiritual teacher and founder of Buddhism, later known as Gautama Buddha, achieved "Bodhi" (spiritual enlightenment) while sitting under this tree. The Bodhi tree is easily recognised because of its heart-shaped leaves.

The word "Bodhi tree" is also applied to some existing trees, particularly the Sacred Fig growing at the Mahabodhi Temple, which is probably a direct descendant of the original tree. This tree is a frequent place for pilgrims to visit, being the most important of the four holy sites for Buddhists.

The Bodhi tree at the Mahabodhi Temple is called the Sri MahaBodhi. According to Buddhism, after his Enlightenment, Buddha spent a whole week in front of the tree, standing with unblinking eyes, gazing at it with gratitude. A shrine was later built where he had stood.

The spot was used as a shrine even in the lifetime of Buddha, the only shrine that could be so used. King Asoka held a festival every year in its honor in the month of Kattika. His queen, Tissarakkhā, was jealous of the Tree, and three years after she became queen (i.e., in the nineteenth year of Asoka's reign), she caused the tree to be killed by means of mandu thorns. The tree, however, grew again, and a great monastery was attached to the Bodhimanda called the Bodhimanda Vihara. Among those present at the foundation of the Mahā Thūpa are mentioned thirty thousand monks from the Bodhimanda Vihara, led by Cittagutta.

Some part of the Bodhi Tree was sent to Sri Lanka by Ashoka. It was planted in 288 BC, making it the oldest verified specimen of any plant. In this year (the twelfth year of King Asoka's reign) the right branch of the Bodhi tree was brought by Sanghamittā to Anurādhapura and placed by Devānāmpiyatissa in the Mahāmeghavana. Buddha, on his death bed, had resolved "Mahavamsa" From Gayā, the branch was taken to Pātaliputta, then to Tāmalittī, where it was placed in a ship and taken to Jambukola, across the sea; finally it arrived at Anuradhapura, staying on the way at Tivakka. 

According to the Ceylon Chronicles (e.g., Mhv.xv), branches from the Bodhi trees of all the Buddhas born during this kalpa were planted in Ceylon on the spot where the sacred Bodhi tree stands today in Anurādhapura. The branch of Kakusandha's tree was brought by a nun called Rucānandā, Konagamana's by Kantakānandā (or Kanakadattā), and Kassapa's by Sudhammā.


Bob Hope

Leslie Townes Hope (May 29, 1903 – July 27, 2003), better known as Bob Hope, was a British-American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, and dancer. He was the only person who received five honorary Oscars.

Bob Hope was born on May 29, 1903, in London, England to a Welsh mother and English father. In 1908, the Hopes migrated to Cleveland, Ohio. In 1920, at age 17, Hope became a U.S. citizen.

Before he was an actor, Hope became a professional boxer. In this time he was called "Packey East". Years later, he was popular because of some musicals he played in. He was also part of some television and radio shows. At the same time, Bob Hope became a comedian. Hope visited the United States armed forces between 1941 and 1991 during the conflicts in that time period. These shows made Hope a household name and well liked by most Americans. Hope also entertained eleven U.S. Presidents.

In 1939, Bob Hope married Dolores DeFina (May 27, 1909 - September 19, 2011). The couple adopted four children: Eleanora, Anthony, Linda, and Kelly. 

Bob Hope was honored with more than 1500 awards. Among them are five special Oscars in 1941, 1945, 1953, 1960, and 1966. Between 1940 and 1978 he hosted the Academy Awards record seventeen times.

And in 1998 he was appointed an honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE) by Queen Elizabeth II. Upon accepting the appointment, Hope quipped, "I'm speechless. 70 years of ad lib material and I'm speechless."

Bob Hope died of pneumonia on July 27, 2003, 2 months after his 100th birthday. He was buried 3 days later, reburied on July 22, 2005 in custom made grave in California.


Dawn French

Dawn French (born 11 October 1957) is a British comedian and actress. 

French studied acting at the London Central School of Speech and Drama, and met Jennifer Saunders there in 1977. French and Saunders became famous when they appeared on a comedy series called "The Comic Strip". They wrote the famous comedy series "French & Saunders" which was first on BBC TV in 1987. She has been nominated for seven BAFTA Awards and also won a Fellowship BAFTA along with Saunders.

French is also well known for appearing as Geraldine Granger in British sitcom "The Vicar of Dibley". In her career in movie, French played "The Fat Lady" picture in the movie "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" and voiced the beaver in "".

French is known for her larger figure. She tries to promote the idea that "big" can be beautiful. As a result, she has her own line of clothes, Sixteen47. The name is from the statistic that 47% of British females are at least a size 16. The clothes are made to look good on larger women.




French and Saunders won the Golden Rose of Montreux award in 2002 and in 2003. She was listed in "The Observer" as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy. In a 2006 poll French was named as the most admired female celebrity amongst women in Britain. 






Port-au-Prince

Port-au-Prince (Pòtoprens in Kreyòl) is the capital city of Haiti. Haiti is also divided into ten "Départements"; Port-au-Prince is the capital of the Ouest "Département."

Port-au-Prince is Haiti's largest city. According to the country's 2015 census, over 2.6 million people lived there.

Port-au-Prince was built in 1749. At that time, Haiti was a French colony called "Saint-Domingue". Before 1770, "Cap-Français" (now Cap-Haïtien) was the capital of Saint-Domingue. In 1770, Port-au-Prince replaced "Cap-Français" as the capital of Saint-Domingue.

In 1804, the people of Haiti won the Haitian Revolution, and Haiti became an independent country. Port-au-Prince became the capital of this new country. During the French and Haitian Revolutions, it was called "Port-Républicain", before Jean-Jacques Dessalines renamed it Port-au-Prince.

Shortly after it won its independence, Haiti's new leaders divided the country between a kingdom in the north and a republic in the south. Port-au-Prince remained the capital of the republic.

Port-au-Prince is the cultural centre of Haiti. The State University of Haiti ("L'Université d'État d'Haïti," or UEH, in French); the Université Quisqueya; and the "Université Caraïbe" are all located in the city.

Port-au-Prince is the nation's largest centre of economy and finance. It has the most important port in the country, where coffee and sugar are exported. Port-au-Prince has soap, textile, and cement factories, and others to process foods.

There is also an international airport about north of the city. It is named "Aéroport International Toussaint L'ouverture" after national hero Toussaint L'ouverture.

The city was very badly damaged and more than 100,000 people died in the 2010 Haiti earthquake, which is one of the deadliest earthquakes in history. Due to extreme poverty, the city has still not recovered from the earthquake, and many ruins still remain.

Hamelin

Hameln (English name sometimes "Hamelin") is a city in Germany. In 2005, about 58,000 people lived there. A very well-known story from there is called The Pied Piper of Hamelin ("Der Rattenfänger von Hameln"). The story dates from the Middle Ages.


Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-25

The MiG-25 Foxbat is a fast fighter plane made made by Russian airplane company Mikoyan. Its primary goal is to attack enemies at high speed and altitude. It first flew in 1964 and was introduced in 1970. In 1976, a Soviet MiG-25 pilot left the Soviet Union and flew his plane to Japan, where it was looked at. It is very fast, and can go Mach 3.2 (3.2 times the speed of sound). However, the engines could be destroyed if the plane is flown this fast. It can carry 4 radar guided missiles and 4 heat seeking missiles. It is now being replaced by the MiG-31 Foxhound, but is used a little in other countries.


Semi-major and semi-minor axes

In geometry, the semi-major axis is the distance from the center of an ellipse to the farthest point on the perimeter of the ellipse. The semi-major axis is half of the major axis, which goes all the way across the ellipse at the widest part. The semi-minor axis is a line segment that is at 90 degrees with the semi-major axis. For the circle, the lengths of the semi-axes are both equal to the radius.

Apsis

In astronomy, an apsis, plural "apsides" (IPA: //) is the point of greatest or least distance of the elliptical orbit of an astronomical object from its center of attraction, which is generally the center of mass of the system.
The point of closest approach is called the periapsis or pericentre and the point of farthest excursion is called the apoapsis (Greek από, "from", which becomes απ before a vowel, and αφ before rough breathing), apocentre or apapsis (the latter term, although etymologically more correct, is much less used). A straight line drawn through the periapsis and apoapsis is the "line of apsides". This is the major axis of the ellipse, the line through the longest part of the ellipse.

Similar words are used to identify the body being orbited. The most common are perigee and apogee, referring to orbits around the Earth, and perihelion and aphelion, referring to orbits around the Sun (Greek ‘ήλιος "hēlios" sun). During the Apollo program, the terms pericynthion and apocynthion were used when referring to the moon.

The perihelion is the point in the orbit of an object that is nearest to the Sun. The aphelion is the point in the orbit of an object where it is farthest from the Sun.

All planets, comets and asteroids in our solar system have approximately elliptical (a kind of non-circular) orbits. Thus, they all have a closest and a farthest point from the sun: a perihelion and an aphelion. Orbital eccentricity measures the flatness of the orbit. Any single revolution of a body around the sun is only approximately elliptical, because the precession of the perihelion prevents the orbit from being a simple closed curve such as an ellipse. This causes Milankovich cycles. 

Earth comes closest to the sun every year around January 3. It is farthest from the sun every year around July 4. The difference in distance between Earth's nearest point to the sun in January and farthest point from the sun in July is . Earth is about from the Sun in early January, in contrast to about in early July.

When Earth is closest to the Sun, it is winter in the northern hemisphere and summer in the southern hemisphere. Thus it is possible to see that Earth's distance from the Sun does not noticeably cause the seasons to change; the relatively minor effects of differences in distance is somewhat masked by the mainly oceanic southern hemisphere vs the half-continental northern hemisphere. Therefore, the Earth's seasons come and go mainly because Earth does not rotate with its axis exactly upright with respect to the plane of the Earth’s orbit around the sun. Earth's axial tilt is 23.5 degrees. This puts the Sun farther south in December and January, so the north has winter and the south has summer. Thus winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly. Summer falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes most directly.


Orbital eccentricity

In astrodynamics, orbital eccentricity shows how much the shape of an object's orbit is different from a circle.
Eccentricity (formula_1) is defined for all circular, elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic orbits. It can take the following values:

Here is a formula to find eccentricity:

formula_6

Where e is the eccentricity, r is the apoapsis (far point) of the object's orbit, and r is the periapsis (near point) of the object's orbit. The near and far points are the apsides.

Astronomical unit

The astronomical unit (AU) is a unit of length derived from the Earth's orbit. It is the average distance the Earth gets from the Sun "on the long axis of the ellipse". Its definition is: the length of the semi-major axis of the Earth's elliptical orbit around the Sun. "Semi-major" means half the long axis.

The AU is about 150 million kilometers or 93 million miles. Astronomers usually measure distances within the Solar System in astronomical units. Mars is about 1.4 AU from the Sun, Jupiter lies at roughly 5.2 AU, and Neptune is roughly 30 AU from the Sun. Light travels an AU in about 8.317 minutes.

From 1976 to 2012 the AU was defined as “the radius of an unperturbed circular Newtonian orbit about the Sun of a particle having infinitesimal mass, moving with a mean motion of 0.01720209895 radians per day (known as the Gaussian constant)”. In 2012, the IAU redefined it to be simply . 

In the IERS numerical standards, the speed of light in a vacuum is defined as "c" = , in accordance with the SI units. The time to cover an AU is τ = , resulting in the astronomical unit in metres as "c"τ = . It is very roughly the distance from the Earth to the Sun.


Degree (angle)

In mathematics, a degree is a common way to measure plane angle. It is written with the symbol formula_1, where formula_2 corresponds to the entire circle.

It is not an SI unit. The SI uses radian to measure plane angle. However, according to the SI brochure, it is an accepted unit by SI.

The actual reason of choosing the degree as a way to measure plane angle is unknown. One theory says that it is related with the fact that a year is approximately 360 days. Some ancient calendars, for example the Persian calendar and the Babylonian calendar used 360 days for a year.

Another theory says that the Babylonians divided the circle using the angle of an equilateral triangle. The angle was then divided into 60 parts. This is because they used sexagesimal or base-60 numeral system.


Epoch (astronomy)

In astronomy, an epoch (or sometimes epochal moment) is a moment in time for which the position or the orbital elements of a celestial body are specified.

The position at other times can be measured by taking into account proper motion or orbital motion. In the case of orbital elements for a solar system body, these change due to perturbation by other bodies in our solar system.

Julian day

The Julian day or Julian day number (JDN) is the number of days that have passed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time (UT) Monday, 1 January 4713 BC in the Julian calendar. That noon-to-noon day is defined as Julian day 0. Thus all JDNs that are evenly divisible by 7 are Mondays. Negative values may also be used; although, those predate recorded history.

For example, right now at the JDN is (-0.5) round 0 (). When this JDN is divided by 7, the remainder is ((-0.5) round 0)% 7, which is an integer expression for the day of the week with 0 representing Monday.

The Julian date (JD) is a continuous count of days and fractions elapsed since the same initial epoch. Currently the JD is . The integral part (its floor) gives the Julian day number. The fractional part gives the time of day since noon UT as a decimal fraction of one day or fractional day, with 0.5 representing midnight UT. Typically, a 64-bit floating point (double precision) variable can represent an epoch expressed as a Julian date to about 1 millisecond precision.

A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and Universal Time is Sunday 14 January 2007 at 13:18:59.9.

The decimal parts of a Julian date:
0.1 = 2.4 hours or 144 minutes or 8640 seconds
0.01 = 0.24 hours or 14.4 minutes or 864 seconds
0.001 = 0.024 hours or 1.44 minutes or 86.4 seconds
0.0001 = 0.0024 hours or 0.144 minutes or 8.64 seconds
0.00001 = 0.00024 hours or 0.0144 minutes or 0.864 seconds.

Almost 2.5 million Julian days have elapsed since the initial epoch. JDN 2,400,000 was November 16, 1858. JD 2,500,000.0 will occur on August 31, 2132 at noon UT.

The Julian day number can be considered a very simple calendar, where its calendar date is just an integer. This is useful for reference, computations, and conversions. It allows the time between any two dates in history to be computed by simple subtraction.

The Julian day system was introduced by astronomers to provide a single system of dates that could be used when working with different calendars and to unify different historical chronologies. Apart from the choice of the zero point and name, this Julian day and Julian date are not directly related to the Julian calendar, although it is possible to convert any date from one calendar to the other.

Meatball

A meatball is meat that is ground up (finely cut), mixed with other ingredients, then shaped like a ball. Most meatballs are made out of beef. Meatballs can also be made out of chicken, fish, or other kinds of meat. The other ingredients (parts) are usually bread, onion, and eggs. Meatballs can be cooked by frying, baking, or steaming them. Meatballs are sometimes served with pasta or in a sauce. Meatballs originated from Turkey. There are many types of meatball like foggots, polpette, albondigas etc.

Mandé people

Mandé or Manding is a region between southern Mali and eastern Guinea. The Hunters from Wagadou (or Ouagadou) founded Mandé, the Mandingo country, notably the mythical ancestors Kontron and Sanin, at the origin of the Malinké and Bambaras hunter brotherhood. This country was famous for the large number of animals and game that it sheltered, as well as its dense vegetation. A very popular hunting ground. The Camara (or Kamara) are considered to be the oldest family to have lived in Mandé, after having left, due to the drought, Ouallata, a region of Wagadou, in the south-east of present-day Mauritania. They founded the first village of Mandé, Kirikoroni, then Kirina, Siby, Kita. Many of the families that make up the Mandingo community were born in Mande. Mandé is the province from which the Mali Empire started, under the leadership of Soundiata Keïta.

Amadou Toumani Touré

General (ret) Amadou Toumani Touré (November 4, 1948 – November 10, 2020) was the president of Mali. He took power from a military ruler, Moussa Traoré in 1991, then he gave power to civilian (non-military) authorities in 1992. He won the presidential election in 2002. He won the next election easily in 2007. He was born in Mopti, Mali.

Touré died on November 10, 2020 in Istanbul, Turkey just one week after his 72nd birthday.

Ghana Empire

The Ghana Empire was in what is now southeastern Mauritania, Western Mali, and Eastern Senegal. It is also sometimes called the Wagadu Empire. It started in around 100 CE and ended in mid-1000 CE. 
They had two sides; Muslim and Non-muslim what divided them was a 6 miles of informal market villages (street).
Ghana sat on top of a gold mine trade routes and was a very wealthy empire of it's 900 years of development . Its capital was Koumbi Saleh. Surrounded Modern Northern Senegal. Southern Mauritania and south west Mali. Trade an taxation with neighboring nomads, city-states, chiefdoms in gold and salt eventually collapsed with north african imperial competition an change sahel climate. Leading to the Ghana Empire fracturing then occupation by opportunistic kafu(vassals city-states/town/villages) like the the Zosso an ultimately absorption into the rising Mali Empire once they militarily upheaved the Zosso in Battle of Kirina 1235 AD. 

Ghana empire most noteable dynastic figure was named Dinga Cisse but there are several ruler named Dinga aswell as Cisse. So the Malian historians particularly of Soninke descent differentiate the dynastic Dinga an Cisse from the mythological Soninke founder of the Ghana Empire, by referring to said original founder as Dinga Cisse ""Ancient"" thought to traveled from the north east of the river Niger in the 6th through 3rd centuries B.C. but that up for further debate.

Mali Empire

The Mali Empire was a West African country from 1235 to 1645. The Mandinka people lived there they still are in some parts of Africa today. It is also called the Manding Empire or Manden Kurufa. Sundiata Keita started the empire and the empire became famous because its rulers were very rich, especially Mansa Musa I. The Mali Empire had many important cultural effects on West Africa, spreading language, laws and customs along the Niger River. This was because of the spread of Islam by verbal wording.

For such a prolific empire, there are few written accounts of its greatness. Most of the written accounts that do exist came from Arab scholars who traveled through the region. Instead of written accounts, most of the stories from the locals were passed down through oral histories, songs and poems. Until this day, ‘griots’ still tell stories of the ancient history in the area. Architects in the Mali Empire combined styles of the Sahel region and Middle East together, particularly after Emperor Musa’s pilgrimage to Mecca. There were several royal palaces built during the time, many of which are still standing. Mud bricks, log beams and plaster helped these palaces to remain standing. The most famous work of architecture from the time period is the Great Mosque of Djenné, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mosque was rebuilt in 1907 and can still be visited in Djenné. However, if you aren’t a Muslim, you can’t go inside.
The Mali Empire had one of the richest leaders in history. The richest and most famous of all the leaders of the Mali Empire was Mansa Musa. It is thought by some that Mansa Musa could have been the wealthiest person in history. According to stories, he took 60,000 people on a pilgrimage to Mecca in 1324 along with camels loaded down with gold. 
Islam was very important to the Mali Empire. Most of the kings of the Mali Empire eventually converted to Islam, with their people subsequently practicing as well. However, unlike many empires, they didn’t make their subjects convert, and the version of Islam that they practiced was combined with the local traditions of the villages. You can still see many relics in cities like Bamako, Djenné and Timbuktu.
The Mali Empire's most important industry was gold. People in the ancient world were drawn to it. The Mali Empire (Timbuktu in particular) was a huge trading center for the gold industry. Camel caravans would come to the area before leaving across the trans-Saharan trade routes. The empire had so much gold that it caused the market to crash for a period of time when Mansa Musa brought almost a ton of gold to Cairo. The army of the Mali Empire was massive.
During the height of the Mali Empire, the army numbered around 100,000 men and 10,000 cavalry, making it one of the largest in the world at the time. The empire used this army to gain new lands. Mansa Musa was the richest person in the world. 

Timbuktu

Timbuktu is a city in Tombouctou Region, Mali. Sankore University and other madrasas are in the city. The city was important for thinking and for religion in the 15th and 16th centuries. It was important in spreading Islam through Africa at that time. There are three great mosques: Djingareyber, Sankore and Sidi Yahya. They are reminders of Timbuktu's golden age. They are always being fixed, but are threatened because the desert is spreading.

Songhay, Tuareg, Fulani, and Mandé people live in Timbuktu. It is about 15 km north of the Niger River. There is a route across the Sahara Desert from east to west and this is used for trade. There is another from north to south. These two routes meet in Timbuktu. It is an "entrepôt" for rock salt from Taoudenni. This means that the salt is brought here and sold to other people to take it somewhere else, but no tax is charged.

Its location helped different people meet, so local people, Berbers and Arabs met here. It has a long history of mixed African trade, so it became famous in Europe for this reason. Therefore, western people often thought of Timbuktu as being exotic. It has a hot desert climate ("BWh" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Timbuktu has given a lot of research and study to Islam and to the world. Important books were written and copied in Timbuktu in the 14th century. This made the city become the center of writing in Africa.

Jeanne Demessieux

Jeanne Demessieux (born Montpellier, France, 13 February 1921; died Paris, 11 November 1968), was a French organist and composer.
She started to learn the piano when she was very young, before taking up the organ. Her family moved to Paris so that she could continue to have music lessons there. She became an organ student at the Conservatoire in 1933. In the same year she got a job as organist of the St. Esprit church in Paris. She had this job for 29 years.

Between 1936 and 1939, she studied organ privately with the great Marcel Dupré, and in 1939 she joined his organ class at the Conservatoire. After receiving a first prize in organ performance and improvisation in 1941, she studied five more years with Dupré in Meudon, before she played her first recital at Salle Pleyel in Paris in 1946. This was the beginning of her career as an international recitalist. She played more than 700 concerts in Europe and the United States.
Gifted with an amazing musical memory, she could play more than 2,500 pieces from memory, including all the organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach, César Franck, Franz Liszt, Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy and Dupré.

She was also a remarkable improviser. When she gave her first solo concert in Paris at Salle Pleyel in 1946, she was given four musical themes and improvised a symphony in four movements.

A teacher of the organ at Nancy and Brussels, she made several LP recordings, of which those of music by Franck are probably the best known. She had plans to record all the organ works of Olivier Messiaen. However, she died relatively young, at age 47, of cancer, before she was able to finish this task.

She wrote many compositions, especially for the organ. These include: "Nativité", "Six Études", "Sept Méditations sur le Saint-Esprit", "Triptyque", "Twelve Choral-Preludes on Gregorian Chant Themes", "Te Deum", "Répons pour les Temps Liturgiques", and "Prélude et fugue en UT".

House mouse

House mouse ("Mus musculus") is the common mouse. It is one of the species of the genus "Mus". Often, it is just called a mouse. It is a small rodent. 

In most parts of the world, they live close to humans. Laboratory mice are types of house mice and are some of the most important organisms used for research in biology and medicine. They are the most commonly used laboratory mammal for experiments.

They are quite small, but are not the smallest mammals. House mice have an adult body length (nose to base of tail) of 7.5–10 cm (3.0–3.9 in) and a tail length of 5–10 cm (2.0–3.9 in). The weight is typically 10–25 g (0.4–0.9 oz). Usually, house mice are dark beige. Selected strains of mice can be got in other colours.

It is a small, scaly-tailed mouse with a distinct notch in the cutting surface of upper incisors (seen best in side view). Its hair short; ears moderately large and naked. 

The main problem of small mammals is their high surface to weight ratio: they have a big surface area for such a small mass. Since heat is radiated from the surface, they have adaptations to help them keep their temperature up to normal. They need to eat frequently, and live in areas where they are protected from the coldest weather. Easy access to high-quality vegetable food (such as grains) and a protected habitat helps them survive and multiply. That is why they are fond of human settlements.

Their life-span in the wild averages about a year. They are eaten by a variety of small carnivores, but they reproduce rapidly, so that keeps the numbers up. Females have 314 babies in a litter, and can have 5 to 10 litters a year. In good conditions, the mouse population rises quickly.

Although not native to North America, the house mouse was introduced accidentally to seaport towns. It is now widespread throughout the United States. It occurs either as a commensal or feral animal in practically all parts of the U.S. 

As commensal animals, house mice live in close association with man – in houses, outbuildings, stores, and other structures. Where conditions permit, feral mice may be found in fields, along watercourses, and in other places where vegetation is dense enough to hide them.

Scientology

Scientology is a movement based on a system of beliefs. These beliefs are based on written words by author L. Ron Hubbard. A few other people have added, but almost all of it is his. He started it in 1954. Hubbard contributed until his death in 1986. 

Different people understand the words Hubbard wrote differently. In some countries, there are Churches of Scientology. Some people are suspicious of the Church. They feel that it is a cult, and a business to make money. Scientology has been controversial since it began.

Scientology teaches that people are immortal spirits who have forgotten their true nature. Scientologists say that, through a system called "auditing", they help people remember their true nature by re-experiencing painful events in their past and understanding them better. 

There are many organizations that are linked to Scientology. For example, some help people stop using harmful drugs or to get back into society after they served a prison term. 

Scientology says that psychiatry is bad, and should not be allowed to exist.

The current leader of Scientology is David Miscavige.

The Church of Scientology says that 13–15 million people are a part of the Church. Critics disagree with that figure, however. They say the organization probably does not have more than 100,000 followers, mostly in the United States. They say that in 1960, there were probably 50,000 to 100,000 followers in the U.S. In the 1990s, a representative survey claimed there were only about 45,000 followers left. These figures seemed to have increased a bit, by 2004, where there were an estimated 55,000 followers.

The Church of Scientology was started by the American writer and philosopher L. Ron Hubbard in the year 1954. It is not as well known as Christianity or Islam, but it is newer. Scientologists believe their movement is growing. They claim it has thousands of churches, some of which are very small. The largest is in Clearwater, Florida.


L. Ron Hubbard wrote about the goals of Scientology, saying:

This means the goals of Scientology are to create a civilization where:
In 1972, Hubbard told a group of Scientologists: "You are the people the planet obeys. You are the people who own the planet."

Scientologists say that the book Dianetics was the first self-help book ever written. It was written by L Ron Hubbard in the year 1950. Some key concepts in the book are:

Another basic teaching of Scientology is that understanding comes from three things together:
Hubbard called this the "ARC Triangle." Scientologists use this in their everyday lives. It is based upon the idea that making one of these three things better makes the other two better.

The tone scale is a way to rate an emotion as bad, better, or good. The scale goes from -40 ("Total Failure") to +40 ("Serenity of Being"). Positions on the tone scale started from the idea that one way of feeling is better than a worse way of feeling. But Hubbard described many other things that go along with emotion, such as health, mating behavior, survival potential, and ability to deal with truth. The tone scale is frequently used by Scientologists to understand people. According to Scientology, the lower the individual is on the tone scale, the more complex his problems are.

Many well-known people are followers of Scientology. They include:



Mike Gravel

Maurice Robert "Mike" Gravel (May 13, 1930 – June 26, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was member of the Libertarian Party from 2008 to 2010 when he re-joined the Democratic Party. He served as a United States Senator from Alaska (1969-1981) and, previously, as member of the Alaska House of Representatives (1953-1966, speaker from 1965-1966). Gravel was a two-time presidential candidate in 2008 and in 2020.

Gravel was born in Springfield, Massachusetts. He studied at Assumption College, American International College and at Columbia University. He moved to Alaska in 1956.

From 1953 to 1966, Gravel was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives. From 1965 to 1966, Gravel was Speaker of the Alaska House of Representatives. In 1969, he was elected United States Senator from Alaska. 

Gravel is best known for his successful effort to end military draft during the Vietnam War and put the Pentagon Papers into the public record in 1971. He was seen as a possible running mate for George McGovern's 1972 presidential campaign.

Gravel lost to Clark Gruening in the Democratic Party for re-election in the 1980 Senate election.

As a candidate for the Democratic Presidential nomination in 2008 he wanted withdrawal of US Armed Forces from Iraq, more health care and social security, and preventing global warming. He is also one of the earliest and the most famous supporters of direct democracy in the United States.

On March 19, 2019, Gravel created an exploratory committee to run for President once again in the 2020 election. He said he would run not to win the nomination, but to raise awareness of bigger issues. On April 2, 2019, Gravel filed to officially run for office. He dropped out of the race on July 31, 2019 after failing to qualify for the debates. He endorsed Bernie Sanders and Tulsi Gabbard for President on August 5. His campaign manager was a 17 year old high school student.

Gravel died on June 26, 2021 at his home in Seaside, California from multiple myeloma at the age of 91.


Iva Zanicchi

Iva Zanicchi (born 18 January 1940) is an Italian singer and politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 - 2014.




North German Confederation

The North German Confederation (), was first a military alliance of 22 states of northern Germany, and later a federal state. It was preceded by a Zollverein, a customs union that allowed free trade among most German states. The Confederation started in August 1866, and the Kingdom of Prussia was the leading state. On July 1st 1867, the North German Constitution made the alliance a federal state.

An Austrian-Prussian rivalry, starting in the 1700s, had led to the Austro-Prussian War of July/August 1866. Immediate causes for the war had been the unsettled question of Slesvig-Holstein (which Prussia intended to annex) and a reform of the German Confederation. After a victory in summer 1866, agreements with Austria and France allowed Prussia to reshape the political landscape in Northern Germany (north of the river Main). The leading politician of Prussia was minister president Otto von Bismarck, serving under king William I.

On 18 August 1866, Prussia and most of the north German states signed the August Treaty. They agreed on a military alliance and declared their intention to create a federal state. (Some other states joined soon.) A federal state is different from an alliance as it has a federal government and legislation, and it is different from a unitary state as there are still rather powerful states below the federal level. Plans for a federal state in Germany had existed since the year 1848.

The allied governments led by Bismarck made a proposal for a North German constitution. An organ was elected to represent the people of Northern Germany, the "konstituierender Reichstag". The election took place in February 1867. After some modifications of the proposal, the states' governments and parliaments accepted the final draft. On July 1st, the constitution came into force.

According to the constitution, legislation was the matter of two organs. The "Reichstag" was the parliament, elected by all men above the age of 25. The Federal Council was an organ representing the governments of the states. The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" was the king of Prussia (the 'republican' term 'president' had been avoided intentionally). The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" installed the Federal Chancellor. Not by name, but factually this was the (only) federal minister, the head of the executive.

In 1870, during the Franco-Prussian War, the South German states joined the North German Confederation. The new constitution of January 1st, 1871, renamed the country from 'North German Confederation' to 'German Empire'. The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" received the additional title of an Emperor. The political system as described in the constitution, and the flag, remained the same. (The final constitution of the Empire stems from April/May 1871; as a result, nearly all terms that included 'federal' were changed to 'imperial'.)

The modern national state of Germany is, as an international subject and as a legal entity, identical to the North German Confederation. Law and international treaties of the era 1867-1870 are in principle still valid. In a conservative-liberal cooperation lasting from 1867 to 1878, Germany saw a remarkable modernisation and unification. The North German Confederation introduced the metric system, a modern penal code (Strafgesetzbuch), same rights for all denominations, a postal union etc.

The federation handled the mail and issued postage stamps, after 1 January 1868. But the federation did not issue its own money, so different stamps had to be issued. Stamps valued in groschen were used in the north, stamps in kreuzer in the Southern District. All of these stamps were marked "NORDDEUTSCHER POSTBEZIRK" (North German Postal Area).

A third set of stamps were printed for Hamburg. These were also marked "STADTPOSTBRIEF HAMBURG".

MiG Alley

MiG Alley was a place during the Korean War that had a lot of North Korean MiG-15 Fagots in the area. It was over north west North Korea, near China. F-86 Sabres mainly fought the MiGs. Some of the pilots were Russian fighter pilots from World War II and were very well trained. They were called "honchos" (Japanese for "big shot"). The top kills were scored by Soviet aces, so it was said that the Soviets won.


NetBackup

Veritas' NetBackup is a data backup software for Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, and MacOS designed for business use. It is often used alongside hypervisors such as VMware Workstation Player or VirtualBox

Argument of periapsis

In astronomy, the argument of periapsis (ω) is a way of talking about the orbit of a planet, asteroid or comet. It is also known as the argument of perihelion or the argument of perifocus. It is the angle (starting from the center of the orbit) between an orbiting body's periapsis and its ascending node. Periapsis is the point when the orbiting object comes the closest to the thing it is orbiting around; for example, the moon is at periapsis when it is closest to the Earth. The ascending node is one of two places where an orbiting object passes through the reference plane, an imaginary flat surface which runs through the object being orbited around. The size of the angle depends on which way the object is orbiting.

The angle is measured in the orbital plane and in the direction of motion. For specific types of orbits, words such as "perihelion or perigee" (for Sun-centered orbits), "perigee" (for Earth-centered orbits), "pericenter" (general), etc. may replace the word "periapsis".

An argument of periapsis of 0° means that the orbiting body will be at its closest approach to the central body at the same moment that it crosses the plane of reference from south to north. An argument of periapsis of 90° means that the orbiting body will reach periapsis at its northmost distance from the plane of reference.


Longitude of the ascending node

The longitude of the ascending node (☊ or Ω) is one of the orbital elements used to specify the orbit of an object in space. It is the angle from a reference direction, called the "origin of longitude", to the direction of the ascending node, measured in a reference plane.

Mean anomaly

In the study of orbital dynamics the mean anomaly of an orbiting body is the angle the body would have travelled about the center of the orbit's auxiliary circle. Unlike other measures of anomaly, the mean anomaly grows linearly with time. Because of the linear growth with time, the mean anomaly makes calculating the time of flight between two points on the orbit very easy. The mean anomalies for the two points are calculated and their difference is found. Knowing this, the ratio of this difference relative to the entire formula_1 encompassing one orbit is simply equal to ratio of the time of flight to the orbital period of one whole orbit (i.e. formula_2).

Orbital period

The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit around another object. The year and month are orbital periods. 

When mentioned without further qualification in astronomy this refers to the sidereal period of an astronomical object, which is calculated with respect to the stars. Other periods include the synodic period, which is the interval between conjunctions. 

Orbital speed

The orbital speed of a body, usually a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, or a multiple star, is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system, usually around a more massive body. It can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed, the average speed as it completes an orbit, or instantaneous orbital speed, the speed at a particular point in its orbit.

The orbital speed at any position in the orbit can be computed from the distance to the central body at that position, and the specific orbital energy, which is independent of position: it equals the kinetic energy plus the potential energy, divided by the mass. It is also given by Kepler's Second Law.

101

Year 101 was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.



Continental drift

Continental drift is a historical, scientific theory. The theory was first proposed by Abraham Ortelius in 1596. It was fully developed by the German geologist and meteorologist Alfred Wegener in 1915. 

The theory said that parts of the Earth's crust move slowly on top of a liquid mantle of higher density. The theory has now been included in the wider theory of plate tectonics.

The theory was supported by finding the same minerals and fossils in western Europe and eastern North America. There are also similar fossils on the western coast of Africa and the eastern South America. The shapes of these continents nearly fit together. The theory was plausible (believable), but there was no known mechanism to drive these great movements. This problem was later solved by plate tectonics.

The pattern of volcanic activity, mountain building (orogeny) and earthquakes is explained by continental drift. The existence of identical rocks widely apart supports the theory. 

Examples (there are hundreds):

The basic machine driving continental movement is heat moving from the Earth's mantle through the crust and out of the planet. The effect of this is to cause convection, and plate movement. 

Two events in particular are of huge importance:

Saxe-Altenburg

Saxe-Altenburg () was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
Altenburg was independent for most of the 1600s until 1672. This is when the last male ruler died. Because only men could rule the Ernestine duchies Altenburg began to be ruled by the Duke of Saxe-Gotha, who had married the last ruler’s daughter.

In 1825 the ruler died, and he also had no male heirs. Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was split up. Gotha was given to the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Altenburg to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, who in exchange gave up Saalfeld and Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. This family ruled in the duchy until the end of the monarchies in 1918. Saxe-Altenburg became part of the new state of Thuringia in the Weimar Republic in 1920.

Saxe-Altenburg had an area of and a population of 207,000 (1905). Its capital was Altenburg.

The Saxe-Altenburg line became extinct following the death of Prince George Moritz in 1991.



In 1991 the Saxe-Altenburg line became extinct.

Two branches descend from duke Ernest the Pious, the father of the progenitor of this Saxe-Altenburg branch: Saxe-Meiningen and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha; according to old Wettin family law, they would have divided the actual territories between them (as happened to Gotha and Altenburg in 1826). The senior male agnate descending from duke Ernest the Pious, in 1991 , was prince Frederick-Alfred of Saxe-Meiningen (a monk, 1921-1997), and thus technically succeeded then as titular duke of Saxe-Altenburg and head of the whole branch; but, because he renounced all his succession rights in favor of his uncle Bernhard, was him instead Frederick-Alfred the general heir of the line of Saxe-Meiningen. His successor was Konrad, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, the present head of that branch.



Porcupine

A porcupine is a rodent with a coat of sharp spines, or quills, that defend them from predators. The porcupine is the third biggest rodent, after the capybara, and beaver. They are not to be confused with hedgehogs. Most porcupines are about 60–90 cm long, with a 20–25 cm long tail. Weighing between 12-35 pounds (5–16 kg), they are rounded, large and slow. Porcupines come in various shades of brown, grey, and the unusual white. The name "porcupine" comes from Middle French "porc d'épine" "thorny pork", hence the nickname "quill pig" for the animal. The correct term for a baby porcupine is a porcupette. A porcupette has soft quills made of hardened hair. This protects the mother from injury as she gives birth.

The animal's quills or spines take on many forms, depending on the type, but all are hairs coated with thick plates of keratin, and they are in the skin musculature. Old World porcupines (Hystricidae) have quills in clusters. New World porcupines (Erethizontidae) have single quills mixed with bristles, underfur, and hair.

Porcupine quills are as sharp as needles, can be removed very easily, and will stay stuck in an attacker. Unlike needles, however, the quills of New World porcupines have small, backwards-facing barbs on the tip that catch on the skin making them hard and painful to pull out. Quills are about 75 mm long and 2 mm wide. If a quill gets in the tissues of an attacker, the barbs act to pull the quill farther into the tissues with the normal muscle movements of the attacker, moving up to many millimeters in a day. Animals who try to eat porcupines can die because of quill penetration and infection. Quills can still penetrate animals and humans even after death. The ancient belief that porcupines can throw their quills at an enemy has long been proved to be incorrect.

Porcupines can live in a wide range of places in tropical and mild parts of Asia, Italy, Africa, and North and South America. Porcupines live in forests, deserts and grasslands. Some live in trees, others stay on the ground.

Porcupines in search of salt sometimes live in human places, eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate, certain paints, and tool handles, footwear, clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat. Porcupines like going near roads in areas where rock salt is used to melt ice and snow. They are known to gnaw on vehicle tires or wiring coated in road salt. Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage.

Natural sources of salt used by porcupines include salt-rich plants (such as yellow water lily and aquatic liverwort), fresh animal bones, outer tree bark and mud in salt-rich soils.

The Silvia Night Show

The Silvia Night Show is a 2007 Icelandic television series following the controversial fictional character Silvia Night. It is the English version that was made to promote her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest.

The show followed Silvia Night during her appearance in Eurovision Song Contest 2006, and her tantrums after she realised she did not qualify for the final.

Silvia also received a lot of attention from media when she, on the premiere day of her own television program, protested against it on the streets of Reykjavík saying that "the show is total junk". The show will be available on DVD sometime soon.

"The Silvia Night Show" started airing in Sweden on the channel TV400 on October 10, 2007.


Jakten på Billie Jo

The winner was Alexandra Sapot. The winner was chosen by Swedish viewers' televotes and the production company Jarowskij.



Ernestine duchies

The Ernestine duchies, are sometimes called the Saxon duchies, were a changing number of small states in the present German state of Thuringia, governed by dukes of the Ernestine line of the house of Wettin. The Albertine duchies of Weissenfels, Merseburg and Zeitz were are also sometimes called "Saxon duchies" and border several Ernestine ones.

The old Duchy of Saxon began to split up in the 15th Century, because law said that all sons should inherit. All of the sons of a Saxon duke had the title of "Duke", sometimes brothers ruled the territory together, and sometimes they divided it up between them. Some of the Ernestine duchies stayed independent until 1918. The nearby royal houses of Reuss and Schwarzburg also divided up their territory, so Thuringia was a tangle of little states, exclaves and enclaves from the late 15th Century until the early 20th Century.

Albert, grandson of Albert "the Bear" inherited the Duchy of Saxony from his father. Albert's sons divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg. When duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without an heir in 1422, the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the House of Wettin. Frederick was already Margrave of Meißen and Landgrave of Thuringia, and then became Frederick I, Elector of Saxony. Frederick was followed as Elector by his son Frederick II, and when Frederick II died in 1464 his sons Ernest and Albert took over. Because he was the older, Ernest became Elector of Saxony, but the brothers shared ruling the lands until 1485. Then Ernest took northern Meißen, southern Thuringia, and Wittenberg, with Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meißen

Elector Ernest died in 1486, and was succeeded by his son, Frederick III, the Wise.

It was Frederick the Wise who set up the University of Wittenberg in 1502. This was because the only university in Saxony was in Leipzig, was in the part of Saxony controlled by the descendants of his uncle, Albert. The University of Wittenberg was were Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses. Frederick protected Luther, and did not send him to Rome for trial. Frederick allowed Lutheran reforms in his country.
Frederick the Wise had three grandsons to share the territory. John Frederick II set up his capitals in Eisenach and Coburg, the middle brother John William staying in Weimar (Saxe-Weimar), and the youngest, John Frederick III took Gotha (Saxe-Gotha).

John Frederick III of Gotha died unmarried and heirless in 1565 and John William of Weimar tried to claim Saxe-Gotha, but the sons of the imprisoned John Frederick II entered their own claim.

In 1572 the claimants agreed to the Division of Erfurt. This treaty said John William of Saxe-Weimar would also take the districts of Altenburg, Gotha and Meiningen.

When John William died a year later.

The older son of John Frederick II, and John Ernest (d 1638 heirless), the younger son of John Frederick II, received together the territory of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach. In 1596 the brothers agreed to split the duchy into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach.

Johann II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (or John II), died young but left eight surviving sons who ruled together, Three died, (including Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar, the youngest, the famed general) and a will ordering them to rule jointly. Only three survived by 1639, when the lands of the Coburg-Eisenach dukes were divided between the Altenburgs and the Weimarsthe remaining brothers finally divided their lands which were twice the size of what they inherited.

William kept Weimar, Albert became Duke of Eisenach and Ernest "the Pious" became known as Duke of Gotha.

Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (1601-75) had married Elisabeth Sophie, the only child of John Philip, Duke of Altenburg(1597-1638). Elisabeth Sophie's cousin Frederick William III, Duke of Altenburg, died unmarried 1672. He was the last male descendant of the first Saxe-Altenburg line.

There was a big argument about who should get the Altenburg land. In the end most went to Ernest and Elisabeth Sophie's sons. One quarter the original Altenburglands went to the Saxe-Weimar branch.

These two lines: Weimar and Gotha(-Altenburg) form the basis of future Ernestine lines, and both have surviving male lineage up to today.

After the division of the first Altenburg lands line, the senior Ernestine branch (the Saxe-Weimar family ), line held just under half of the Ernestine lands, and the junior, Gotha-Altenburg, line held more than half. Gotha-Altenburg line divided more each generation. The Weimar line did not subdivide their land and by 1741 all of the land was controlled by the one branch of the Weimar family. In 1815 they became Grand Dukes.

Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie's numerous sons divided the inheritance into seven parts: Gotha-Altenburg, Coburg, Meiningen, Römhild, Eisenberg, Hildburghausen and Saalfeld. The new dukes of Coburg, Römhild and Eisenberg had no children, so their lands were quickly absorbed by the four remaining lines.

Eventually, primogeniture (that is, only the eldest son inherits) became the rule for inheritance in the Ernestine Duchies.

In 1825 the Ernestine duchies were

In 1825 Ernest the Pious' senior line, the Gotha-Altenburg, went extinct and the land was redistributed for the last time.

Altenburg went to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, but he gave Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen-Hildburghausen. The duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld gave up Saalfeld in return for Gotha.. All of the Ernestine Duchies ended with the abolition of the monarchy and princely states in Germany shortly after the end of World War I.

Five rulers of the Ernestine duchies 

had a vote in the Holy Roman Empire’s Reichstag. In 1792 the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, and the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha, so both had two votes; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote.

The other Ernestine duchies were never members of the Imperial Circle, and were subordinate to the five duchies that did belong to the Imperial Circle (for example, the principalities of Meiningen and Hildburghausen were such; that was one reason why Duke of Hildburghausen exchanged his patrimony to that of Altenburg). Ultimately, in the German Confederation, all these became equally sovereign.



Kalpa

Kalpa could mean:



Sri Maha Bodhi

The Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka. The site where it's on, Sacred City of Anuradhapura, is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. 

It is said to be a tree grown from a sapling from the famous Bodhi tree where the first Buddha became enlightened. It brought down by Mihindu (Mahinda) and Sanghamitta. It was planted in 288 BC. It is the oldest living human-planted tree in the world with a known planting date. 

It was planted on a high terrace about above the ground. It is surrounded by railings to protect it. It is one of the most sacred objects of the Buddhists in Sri Lanka, and respected by Buddhists all over the world. 

Its wall was built during the reign of King Kirthi Sri Rajasingha, to protect it from wild elephants which might have attacked the tree.

In the 3rd century BC, the Buddha's fig tree was brought to Sri Lanka by Sangamitta, daughter of Emperor Asoka and founder of an order of Buddhist nuns, in Sri Lanka.

In 280 BC, Jaya Siri Maha Bodhi was planted in the Mahamevnāwa Park in Anuradhapura by King Devanampiya Tissa.



List of children of presidents of the United States

This is a list of children of U.S. presidents with stepchildren, adopted children, and alleged illegitimate children included. Full names are given including middle, maiden and married names. This list also includes the children's spouses and any known children they had and a “?” for an unknown number of children.

Presidential children have been studied individually, and as a group. As individuals, they are more often notable than most individuals: they know many political and social leaders and are part of the richer, upper classes. They are more likely to be viewed as a part of celebrity culture. Also, as individuals they frequently have significant influence on other notable family members. A child who may appear otherwise non-notable may have affected the parent's beliefs or performance.

"No children together. Martha's first husband, Daniel Parke Custis (October 15, 1711 – July 8, 1757), had four children, two of whom were still living at the time of her marriage to Washington (those who did not survive were Daniel Parke Custis, Jr. [November 19, 1751 – February 19, 1754] and Frances Parke Custis [April 12, 1753 – April 1, 1757]):"

"Martha's grandchildren who were raised by the Washingtons:"




"No children together, but raised Dolley's son from her first marriage"



"No biological children together, adopted two:"
"Also guardians of eight additional children including:"






"No natural children, but raised Polk's nephew as their ward:"

"After the death of James, Sarah was guardian of:"




"No children; served as guardian to two nieces:"







































Dolores Hope

Dolores Hope (May 27, 1909 – September 19, 2011) was an American singer. She was the widow of Bob Hope.

Hope was born Dolores DeFina on May 27, 1909. She was of Italian and Irish ancestry. She was born and raised in New York City. She began her career in the 1930s.

In 1933, she met Bob Hope the first time in a Manhattan nightclub. They married in 1934. The couple adopted four children: Eleanora, Anthony, Linda and Kelly.

She and her husband entertained U.S. troops from the 1940s until the 1990s. Dolores Hope did this job over the time of a half century until the 1990s. In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who was allowed to go to Saudi Arabia.

She was often awarded for her work, for example with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and seven honorary Doctorates. A street was named after Dolores Hope in the Bronx.

She was with her husband as he turned 100. Shortly after, and 69 years after their marriage, Bob Hope died in summer of 2003 at age 100. On May 27, 2009, Dolores Hope celebrated her 100th birthday. She died on September 19, 2011.


Miranda

Miranda (late latin "Miranda" meaning to be admired at or "watchtower", "vantage point"). Miranda is also a family name and a female given name. It may also refer to:






Miranda (state)

Estado Miranda is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital is Los Teques.

Miranda State covers a total surface area of 7,950 km². It is the second largest state in population after Zulia Venezuela, approximately 3,028,965 (2011).

Miranda state is sub-divided into 21 municipalities. given below with their areas, populations and administrative seats:

El principal río del estado es el río Tuy. Nace a 2.100 m de altitud y recorre de 250 km. Otros ris del estado son: Guaire, Grande, Curiepe, Capaya, Guapo, Chupaquire, Panapo, Uchire, Chuspa and Aricagua.

In the state there are various gaps: Laguna de Tacarigua, Merecuere, Agua salud, El Conflicto y el Rosario.





Miranda (novel)

Miranda is a novel written by Antoni Lange in 1924. It is the last great work of Lange and his most famous book today. It is said that "Miranda" is an "occultic fiction" and a "romance ranked to a philosophical treaty". The novel is also known as a mix of dystopia and utopia. 
The novel was translated into English (in 1968), French, Spanish and Italian.

The novel's title refers to the character Miranda, from Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". "Miranda" also has been influenced by work such as: "Men Like Gods" by Herbert George Wells; "The City of the Sun" by Tommaso Campanella; "Lenore" by Edgar Allan Poe,;"Genezis z Ducha" by Juliusz Słowacki; poems by Cyprian Kamil Norwid; writings of Friedrich Nietzsche (criticism of concept of the Übermensch); Arthur Schopenhauer; Plato; and Sanskrit epics of ancient India.

The novel tells about a civilization of Brahmans who have powerful skills. They can speak with their minds, and levitate (float in the air). The Brahmans in the book think the most important things are anarchy, freedom, peace, and free love. Their country is led by the Ministry of Love, Ministry of Power and Ministry of Wisdom. The Brahmans use a strange chemical named Nivridium to keep their self-perfect idea. The story is the of a Polish emigrant named Jan Podobłoczny (Lange's own "parte-parole") falling in love with a woman named Damayanti. The book ends in a tragedy. In the last chapter of the novel, Damayanti sacrifices her body in order to let her spirit fly to a greater level of though.

Miranda is a Scottish spiritual medium, who lives in Warsaw. She can talk with the soul of Damayanti and make a woman named Lenore appear. She meets Jan Podobłoczny when he is close to his death. In the moment when Damayanti dies, Miranda disappears.

Capybara

The capybara or Greater capybara ("Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris") is a semi-aquatic rodent native South America. It weighs about a hundred pounds, and is about two feet tall at the shoulder. The capybara is the world's largest rodent. 

Capybaras are closely related to guinea pigs and to chinchillas. When they are full-grown, they weigh about 55 kg, or 100 pounds. The capybara's stocky body is about a meter, or 3 feet, long, and its shoulder is about 60 centimeters, or about two feet high off the ground. Females are usually bigger and heavier than males. Capybaras have brown or reddish-brown fur. When they are old their fur is thin, their skin can get sunburned easily. Their eyes and ears and nostrils are high on their heads, so they can easily be kept above water when the capybara is swimming. It is a giant cavy rodent living in South America. 

Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America. In the morning, evening, and at night they eat grass, mostly on land. They spend the hottest hours of the day in the water. They are good swimmers and divers. Webs between their toes help them swim. They can only hold their breath underwater for about five minutes at a time. Sometimes they hide in water for much longer, with only their noses sticking out to breathe. Many predators like to eat them. They are a favourite food for jaguars, eagles, anaconda snakes, and many other animals. 

Capybaras eat plants, mostly grass. Their babies are usually born in litters of four at one time. They can start to eat grass once they are about a week old, but they will also keep nursing from their mothers and even from other grown females until they are about four months old. They live in large groups, usually 10-30 capybaras together. Some groups have even had 100 capybaras. They talk to each other using many sounds: clicks, grunts, whistles, and barks. 

Capybaras are not endangered. Their population is stable, not increasing or decreasing very much. They can live in towns or zoos. Humans can touch them, but it is not common, as it can cause disease. Sometimes humans eat capybaras. They are hunted for meat, and sometimes they are raised on farms. Also, their tough skin is sometimes used to make high quality leather, especially for gloves. Capybaras are sometimes kept as pets. They can be kept pets in the United States, but not in some places. They are also very liked in Japan, and are kept as pets there too.

Martha Jefferson

Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson, born Martha Wayles (October 30, 1748 – September 6, 1782) was the only wife of her second husband, Thomas Jefferson. 

She was a widow at her second wedding, as her first husband had died young. When her second husband, Jefferson, was Governor of Virginia, she served as First Lady of Virginia from 1779 to 1781.
The Jeffersons had six children together. Only two daughters survived to adulthood, and only one past the age of 25. Weakened by childbirth, Martha Jefferson died several months after the birth of her last child, twenty years before her husband became the third President of the United States. At her wishes, he never married again. 


Great Awakening

The Great Awakenings were a few periods of religious revival in United States history. The term is used sometimes to refer to events like the Protestant Reformation, as well as to identify general trends within U.S. religious culture. 

There are four generally accepted Great Awakenings in U.S. history:


Lycopene

Lycopene is the pigment of tomato. Its chemical formula is CH.

Ketchup contains high concentrations of bioavailable lycopene.

Housefly

Housefly is the common fly often found in houses. The Latin name for the housefly is "Musca domestica". This species is always found near humans. It is the most common species found on hog and poultry farms, horse stables and ranches. Not only are house flies a nuisance, but they also carry disease-causing organisms. Flies are not only an irritant to farm workers but may be a public health concern. Houseflies are pests and can carry diseases.

Each female fly can lay about 9,000 eggs in its life, in several batches of about 75 to 150. The eggs are laid on or near meat, often dead animals. Within a day, larvae (maggots) hatch from the eggs; they live and feed on dead and decaying organic material, such as garbage, carrion or faeces. They are pale-whitish, and have no legs. Their life cycle is from 14 hours to 36 hours. 

At the end of their third instar, the maggots crawl to a dry, cool place and turn into pupae. These are coloured reddish-brown and about 8 mm long. From the pupae emerge adult flies. The whole cycle is known as complete metamorphosis. 

Adults live from two weeks to a month in the wild. After they come out from the pupae, the flies do not grow. Small flies of the same species did not get enough food when they were larvae.The function of an adult fly is to reproduce.

Landfall

Landfall can mean:


Chemical engineering

Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering dealing with chemistry that came to existence in the early 20th century. Before this time, chemical plants were designed by chemists, who were trained to work on a small scale only. A chemical engineer typically works in the design and supervision of chemical manufacturing processes. Various problems in the chemical production systems of food, medicine, leather, or fuel factories are solved through it.

Chemical engineering combines the jobs of a chemist and that of industrial engineer. This makes factories more efficient and chemicals much cheaper. Chemical engineering uses physics (the science of moving objects and forces), chemistry (the science of substances), and mathematics. There are many different types of jobs for people with degrees in chemical engineering.

Some new topics in chemical engineering include:

House of Windsor

The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and each of the other Commonwealth realms. It replaces the now-extinct British Branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Queen Victoria I married Prince Albert, a son of Duke Ernst I of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Therefore her descendants are members of the ducal family of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Victoria's eldest son, Edward VII and his son George V reigned as members of this house. But during World War I there was a lot of hatred of anything German. A lot of this feeling was stirred up by newspapers. People with German names were beaten up, and shops with German names had their windows broken. Even the Royal Family were accused of supporting Germany. On 17 July 1917 George V ordered the Royal Family to give up their German titles, and change German-sounding titles and house names for English-sounding versions. Prince Louis of Battenberg became Lord Louis Mountbatten. The Duke of Teck became the Marquis of Milford Haven and the name of the royal house, and the royal surname was changed to Windsor, after the town of Windsor and Windsor Castle. 

When he heard about the change of name, German Emperor William II joked that he wanted to see Shakespeare's play "The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha".

In April 1952, Queen Elizabeth II said that her descendants will keep the name and House of Windsor.

On 8 February 1960, the Queen decided instead to keep the House and Family of Windsor, however for non-royal male line descendants, the surname ""Mountbatten-Windsor"" was created. Mountbatten is the surname adopted by Prince Philip before his marriage, an anglicization of his mother's family name of Battenberg.


The next in line for the throne is Prince William; if so he may be known as King William V of the United Kingdom.




Jocelyne Saab

Jocelyne Saab (30 April 1948 – 7 January 2019) was a journalist and movie director from Beirut, Lebanon.

Saab died on 7 January 2019 from endometrial cancer in Paris, aged 70.



Ulva

Ulva or the Isle of Ulva (Gaelic: Ulbha) is an island in the Inner Hebrides in Scotland. Around 16 people live there. At the beginning of the 19th century, 600 people lived there. Lachlan Macquarie who is sometimes known as the "Father of Australia", came from here.

Sugar Ray Robinson

Sugar Ray Robinson (born Walker Smith Jr., May 3, 1921 – April 12, 1989) was an American boxer. He won the welterweight and middleweight world championships. Many boxing historians rank Robinson as the best boxer who ever lived.

Robinson was born in Ailey, Georgia. He moved to Harlem, New York City when he was 12.

He had no losses as an amateur boxer. He became a professional boxer in 1940 and won the welterweight title from Johnny Bratton in 1946. He then beat Jake LaMotta (who had, up to that time, been the only man to beat him) for the middleweight championship in 1951. He lost and regained the title from Randy Turpin before trying, and failing, to beat Joey Maxim for the light heavyweight championship in 1952. He retired later that year. He made a comeback, however, and won the middleweight title again in 1955. He lost it to Gene Fullmer in 1957, but defeated him in a rematch. Later that year Carmen Basilio also beat Robinson for the title, but Robinson defeated him in 1958 to get the championship back.

Robinson continued to fight until the 1960s. He died of diabetes and Alzheimer's disease at the age of 67 in Culver City, California in 1989. 


Randolph Turpin

Randolph Adolphus ('Randy') Turpin (7 June 1928 – 17 May 1966) was an English boxer who was the middleweight champion of the world in 1951.

Turpin was born in Leamington Spa to a white British mother and black Guyanan father. He became a professional boxer in 1946. In 1951, Sugar Ray Robinson traveled to England and gave Turpin an opportunity to fight for his middleweight championship. Turpin became only the second man to defeat Robinson when he won a fifteen-round decision.

Robinson and Turpin had a rematch in September 1951 where Robinson regained the title by a tenth-round knockout. 

He stopped boxing in the mid-1960s. He lived in Leamington Spa with his wife and four daughters. On 17 May 1966 in Leamington Spa he shot one of his daughters (who survived), then shot himself dead.


Maple

Maple (Latin name "Acer" ) is a genus of trees or shrubs. Sometimes they are put into a family of their own, the Aceraceae. At other times they are included in the Sapindaceae. To include them in the Sapindaceae is the more modern classification. There are between 100 and 200 species of maples. Most species are native to Asia, but some also occur in Europe, Northern Africa, and North America. 

The word "Acer" comes from a Latin word meaning "sharp". It was given because of the characteristic sharp points on the maple leaves. The first person to talk about the genus that way was French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1700. The type species of the genus is "Acer pseudoplatanus" (the sycamore maple).

"<nowiki>"</nowiki>Theophrastus began the daunting task of applying specific names to plants, such as the maple, which was previously called several different names by various communities in ancient Greece<nowiki>"</nowiki>."

The maple's distinctive fruit are called samaras, and known by many children as "helicopters" by the way they spin as they fall. Inside the fruit are found their seeds, which are in pairs. Each one is enclosed in a "nutlet" attached to a flattened wing of papery tissue. They are shaped to spin as they fall and carry the seeds a considerable distance on the wind. One tree can release hundreds of thousands of seeds at a time. Some seeds can remain in the soil for several years before germinating.

Maple trees are often planted as ornamental trees in cities. Some species resist the cold rather well. Sugar maples are grown to make maple syrup. Some maples are grown for timber (wood that is used for furniture).

The flag of Canada shows a maple leaf. 

 "2. edited by Tom Jackson, BIOLOGY : an illustrated history of life science" 

Tilde Fröling

Tilde Maria Henny Märta Fröling (born May 15, 1980) is a Swedish television personality and actress. She is the daughter of actress Ewa Fröling. Fröling was born in Stockholm.

Marie Picasso

Marie Picasso (born 24 April 1979) is a Swedish reality show star, model and singer who rose to fame in 2002 when she was a housemate on Big Brother. She later got a job as a game show host on TV4 leading two different game shows. In 2007 she entered Idol 2007 where she is currently in the top 10 of the Swedish version of Pop Idol. Picasso won Pop idol on 7 December 2007 in Globen Arena in Stockholm with 51,3% of the votes and she won over the first runner up Amanda Jenssen. Her debut single is called "This Moment".


Eulipotyphla

The Eulipotyphla is an order of mammals. It was formed from those insectivorous mammals which are monophyletic, a single clade. The old order Insectivora is now abandoned because it was polyphyletic. The new order Eulipotyphla has been shown to be monophyletic.

The term insectivorous (insect eating) can still be used to describe lifestyle. It explains the food habits of this and some other groups of mammals, They are more closely related to Carnivora (cats, dogs, bears), Pholidota (pangolins), Chiroptera (bats), and Perissodactyla (equids). As part of the superorder Laurasiatheria.

Although moles and shrews are not all strictly insectivorous, insects and other small animal life make up the main food of most members of the group. Some kinds, the otter shrews of Africa and the star-nosed mole of North America, for example, feed also upon fish. The Townsend mole of the Pacific Northwest often is a nuisance to bulb growers because of its fondness for the bulbs of many kinds of plants.

Moles, as a group, are subterranean in habit. They spend most of their lives in the darkness of underground tunnels which they dig for themselves. The eyes of all moles are very small, in some species actually not opening to the outside, and of little value to them: vestigial organs. On the other hand, their senses of touch and smell are highly developed.


The following groups are now placed in other orders:

Notes

Bad Kissingen

Bad Kissingen is a city in Bavaria, Germany. About 22,421 people lived there in 2020.

It was first mentioned in 801 CE. It is a "spa town", a place where people go to rest and relax. The well that is the source of the spa was first mentioned in 823 CE.


Hostel

A hostel is a place that rents beds to travelers. They are cheaper than hotels and offer less privacy and a community experience.

Reuters

Reuters ( ) is a British news agency owned by Thomson Reuters Corporation. It employs around 2,500 journalists and 600 photojournalists in about 200 locations worldwide. Reuters is one of the largest news agencies in the world.

The agency was established in London in 1851 by the German-born Paul Reuter. It was bought by the Thomson Corporation of Canada in 2008.

Paul Reuter worked at a book-publishing firm in Berlin. He gave out radical pamphlets at the beginning of the Revolutions in 1848. In 1850, Reuter developed a news service in Aachen using homing pigeons and electric telegraphy from 1851 on.

Reuter moved to London in 1851 and established a news wire agency at the London Royal Exchange. Reuter's company covered topics like commercial news, serving banks, brokerage houses, and business firms. Reuter's company started becoming famous for reporting on important topics first many times. For example, it was the first in Europe to report Abraham Lincoln's assassination in 1865. 

In 1872, Reuter's expanded into the Far East, followed by South America in 1874. In 1878, Reuter retired as managing director. He was replaced by his eldest son, Herbert de Reuter. In 1883, Reuter's began transmitting messages electrically to London newspapers.

Reuter's son Herbert de Reuter continued as general manager until his death by suicide in 1915. The company returned to private ownership in 1916 and the company was renamed to "Reuters Limited", removing the apostrophe. In 1925, the Press Association (PA) of Great Britain became very interested in Reuters and some years later got full ownership. In 1945, Reuters was the first broadcasting company to broadcast news of Heinrich Himmler's attempts to negotiate with the western allies through Count Bernadotte, a Swedish nobleman.


Associated Press

The Associated Press (also called the AP and AP Wire) is an American non-profit news media company. It is based in New York City. The AP is a non-profit cooperative owned by the newspapers, radio and Television stations who share its news stories. Most articles are written by staff members belonging to the Newspaper Guild Union, a part of the AFL-CIO. Many news organizations that are not members pay a fee to use the stories. The AP has more than 250 local news offices in more than 100 countries. 

In 2013 the United States Department of Justice announced it had secretly obtained records of telephone calls by AP a few months before the 2012 United States presidential election. Associated Press CEO Gary Pruitt called the DOJ action: a 'massive and unprecedented intrusion' of Freedom of the Press rights, according to Fox News. Eric Holder, the United States Attorney General, claimed that he was not involved.

BBC News (TV channel)

BBC News is a free news channel, broadcast by BBC. It began on 9th November 1997 as BBC News 24 until it was rebranded to its current name on 21st April 2008. The BBC's website, bbc.co.uk, also features a section called BBC News. This section contains news articles and videos of broadcasts from the news channel.

BBC News HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels CBeebies HD, CBBC HD, BBC Four HD and BBC Three HD.

Saxe-Jena

The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.

Part of the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar was given to Bernhard, the fourth son of Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar in 1672. The second duke had no male heirs to inherit the title, so the territory was taken back by Saxe-Weimar when the second duke died in 1690. .

"Reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar"

Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach

The Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach () was created in 1809 when the Ernestine duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach were formally joined into one state. The two duchies had shared the same ruler since 1741, which is when the Saxe-Eisenach line had died out. It became a Grand Duchy in 1815.

In 1877, the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach officially became the Grand Duchy of Saxony (), but this name was not often used. The Grand Duchy was abolished in 1918 with the other German monarchies, and the state joined others to form the new state of Thuringia in the Weimar Republic.

The Grand Dukes full title was Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Landgrave in Thuringia, Margrave of Meißen, Princely Count of Henneberg, Lord of Blankenhayn, Neustadt and Tautenburg.





Alligatoridae

Alligators and Caimans make up the second largest family of the crocodilians, Alligatoridae. There are 4 genera and about 7 known species of Alligatorids. Alligatorids range in size depending on species. The Chinese alligator ("Aligator sinensis") is usually about while the American Alligator ("A. mississippiensis") is usually . The largest American alligator was long. The Black Caiman of the Amazon can reach as much as .

Alligatorids live in the southern United States, Central America, northern South America and near the Yangzee river in China. 

There are several differences between alligators and crocodiles. Alligators have shorter and wider snouts. They prefer fresh water to saltwater. Crocodiles have a gland that removes much of the salt. Alligators do not have this gland. In alligators, the fourth tooth of their lower jaw fits into a pit in the upper jaw. In crocodilians this tooth fits into a groove on the outside of the jaw. Alligators are also less aggressive than crocodilids. Usually only the largest of the species are a threat to humans.


Gaza City

Gaza (, transliterated Ġazzah), also called Gaza City, is the largest city inside Gaza and in Palestine. The city has a population of about 400,000. It is often named "Gaza City" to distinguish it from the larger Gaza.

The municipality of Gaza was established in 1893.

Grand duchy

A grand duchy is a country whose head of state is a Grand Duke or Grand Duchess.

The only grand duchy in existence today is Luxembourg. Luxembourg became a grand duchy in 1815 when the Netherlands became an independent kingdom, and King William I of the Netherlands was made Grand Duke of Luxembourg. In 1890, the two countries separated. William III of the Netherlands had no male heir, so in the Netherlands he was succeeded by Queen Wilhelmina but Luxembourg followed Salic law, which meant only a man could rule. The present Grand Duke of Luxembourg is Henri.

However there are other houses of Europe that style themselves as Grand Dukes even if not wholly recognised by the rest of society.

The independent republics of Finland and Lithuania, and the Dutch province Limburg (Duchy of Limburg) have been Grand Duchies at certain times in their history.

The title Grand Duke (Latin: "Magnus Dux", German: "Großherzog", Italian: "Gran Duca", French: "Grand-Duc", Swedish: "Storhertig", Lithuanian:"Didysis kunigaikštis", Polish: "Wielki książę", Czech: "Velkovévoda") ranks in honour below King but higher than a sovereign Duke ("Herzog") or Prince ("Fürst"). 

A Grand Duke (or Grand Duchess) is a person who rules a Grand Duchy. But in the English language "Grand Duke" can also mean a type of prince who does not rule a country, but is related to the monarch. In the Russian language "Velikiy Knjaz" are "Grand Princes", relatives of the Tsar, other princes were noblemen who ranked above a duke. English says Grand Duke instead of Grand Prince.

Between the Napoleonic Wars and World War I there were at least eight grand duchies in Europe: 

A lot of grand duchies were created in the Napoleonic era and by the Congress of Vienna and the German Confederation.


The Duchy of Warsaw(1807-1813) is sometimes called a Grand Duchy but it was not. 

Today Luxembourg is the only remaining grand duchy. However some old Grand Duchies still retain the titles granted to them usually in the Congress of Vienna.

Most reigning Grand Dukes were called "Royal Highness". Titles and styles for other members of the families were different. In Hesse-Darmstadt and in Baden, junior members were called "Grand Ducal Highness". 

The only current grand ducal family in existence, Luxembourg, styles calls its junior members "Royal Highnesses", but they were also Princes of Parma.

A Russian Grand Duke or Grand Duchess was an "Imperial Highness".


António de Oliveira Salazar

António de Oliveira Salazar, , , , (April 28, 1888 – July 27, 1970) was the Prime Minister and dictator of Portugal from 1932 to 1968. He was the President of the Republic in 1951, as interim. He started and led the Estado Novo ("New State"), the authoritarian, right-wing government that ruled Portugal from 1932 to 1974.

Salazar was born in Vimieiro, Santa Comba Dão, Portugal. His father had been a farm worker who became the farm manager for the Perestrelos family. His great grandfather had been a landowner and nobleman. He studied at the Viseu Seminary from 1900 to 1914 with the hope of becoming a priest. He changed his mind and studied Law at University of Coimbra.

Following a military revolution in 1926 which overthrew a civilian government of squabbling politicians and a country close to failure, Dr. Salazar was invited to take control of the finances of the then-failed state. Dr. Salazar was Finance Minister for 13 days, but resigned in disgust over interference by politicians and soldiers and went back to his university. He was again persuaded to take over as Finance Minister in 1928, which he did conditionally on an assurance of greater powers for himself with minimal interference from the military. Salazar continued as minister until 1932, and was widely credited with turning the fledgling economy around.

Dr Salazar was Prime Minister from 1932 until 1968.

He ruled Portugal for almost 40 years, managing to keep Portugal away from the Second World War as well as preventing a Spanish invasion by keeping friends with both sides. Salazar died in 1970. Often called a fascist by his opponents, Dr Salazar's regime was instrumental in issuing Portuguese travel documents to thousands of Jews fleeing though Europe and to Portugal a boarding point for the ultimate destination in North America. Unfortunately Dr. Salazar's contribution to this humanitarian cause was never acknowledged as this activity had to be toned down in the later years of the war. Instead, the overzealous Consul to France Aristides de Sousa Mendes is often given credit, despite the fact that it was he who recklessly endagered the operation by issuing a flood of travel documents in assembly line fashion. Tens of thousands of such documents were issued by him in the months of June and July of 1940. Salazar's cease-and-desist orders to Mendes are often highlighted. Incidently, the United States had issued similar instructions to all its missions abroad many years earlier, purportedly because of the fear that Germany would smuggle in spies amongst fleeing Jewish refugees. President Hoover ordered U.S. consuls to strictly interpret the LPC clause of the immigration law. President Franklin Roosevelt failed to push for a change in immigration laws and policy. 

A little known fact is that Salazar's Portugal was the only European nation at the time to have non-white people at all levels of administration and judiciary. Dark-skinned people termed "colonial subjects" by other contemporary colonial powers very rarely qualified for rights similar to those enjoyed by the citizens of their colonial masters. Portugal accorded its subjects full civil status. It was the only state anywhere in the western world to have non-European non-white Members of Parliament. This status, however, was not universally available to the black people of the African territories i.e. those who were not "assimilados" (which literately translates to "assimilated") which meant those Africans who had not given up their tribal customs nor reached minimum educational standards. Roughly 4% of the African populace was considered "assimilado" while the people native to the overseas colonies of Cape Verde, India, and China were considered universally "assimilados" even though in the latter two territories, people were not largely Roman Catholic nor did most speak the Portuguese language.

In the mid-sixties, Portugal and its colonies found themselves in the front line of the Cold war, with a proxy war which drained Portugal of its resources. Salazar was blamed for a war he had no control over as well as the consequent impoverishment of his country. Thousands from mainland Portugal fled into neighbouring European countries, particularly France, to avoid the military draft and the war in Africa. Most took up menial jobs and were a convinient source of low cost labour to Europe. This expatriate segment of society became increasingly empowered after a military coup overthrew the government of Salazar's successor Marcello Caetano in 1974. Many returned to Portugal to become next generation politicians.

The term "fascist regime" probably stems from an attempt by this sizable group to demonize the fallen regime and justify their flight from a country at war.

Salazar is still loved by some of the people of Portugal today, and was voted the greatest Portuguese man of all time. Apologists say that it was more as a way of showing frustration with the current political events and politicians in Portugal than actually a true devotion. A great segment of the Portuguese people though may beg to differ.

In 1945 Portugal had large colonial Empire, including Cape Verde Islands, São Tomé e Principe, Angola (including Cabinda), Portuguese Guinea, and Mozambique in Africa; Goa, Damão (including Dadra and Nagar Haveli), and Diu in India; Macau in China; and Portuguese Timor in Southeast Asia. Salazar was determined to keep control of Portugal's territories. After the war the colonies were in a mess. The Indian nationalists in Goa wanted their country to join with the new independent state of India. There strikes and protests by the local people against the Portuguese. The Indian Armed Forces invaded and took over Goa, Daman and Diu in 1961. Revolutions against the Portuguese were started in Mozambique, Angola, and Portuguese Guinea.

In 1968, Salazar suffered a major stroke, reportedly caused by falling from his chair at his summer house. President Américo Thomaz was forced to replace him with Marcelo Caetano on September 27, 1968. Salazar died in Lisbon on July 27, 1970. Tens of thousands of people went to the funeral and the Requiem Mass and watched the journey of the special train that carried his coffin to his hometown of Santa Comba Dão. He was buried next to his ancestors and the farmers of the region, in a plain ordinary grave.Decades as a "dictator" and Salazar's worldly possessions were almost the literal "shirt on his back" . He died without ever having purchased a motor car, the modest house he lived in Lisbon belonged to the State and is reported as having had two pairs of suits in his wardrobe.

Princess Nikki

Princess Nikki is a British reality television show that stars former Big Brother 7 UK house mate Nikki Grahame. It ran on Wednesday nights between 10:00 - 10:30pm on the digital and satellite television channel E4 from 6 September 2006, for a total runtime of 30 minutes. The show was devised by Endemol, the company that also devised Big Brother. It was narrated by the presenter and comedian, Alex Zane.

The format saw Grahame attempt several jobs on each show, which included various unpleasant tasks such as rubbish collecting, deep sea fishing, and waste management. The show's premise was to see whether or not she would perform the tasks given to her and keep her job for a day, or whether she would quit or be sacked due to her infamous tantrums. The concept of the show was taken from one of the tasks Nikki undertook while in the "Big Brother" house. During the task, she was assigned as Big Brother's personal assistant and had to carry out various duties, which often resulted in Nikki throwing a tantrum and refusing to comply.

The theme music for the programme has been adapted from the 1982 hit single "Hey Mickey!" by Toni Basil, with the lyrics "Hey Nikki!" used as a replacement.

Contrary to rumors, no second season is planned. Creative director Philip Edgar-Jones confirmed the series is finished in an interview with Brother's Bar.

James Van Der Beek

James William Van Der Beek, Jr. (born March 8, 1977) is an American television and movie actor. He was born in Cheshire, Connecticut. He is best known for his role as Dawson Leery in "Dawson's Creek". Was also cameo ed in the show (Inside job) as one of the protagonist "Bret"

Dawson's Creek

Dawson's Creek is an American primetime television drama which aired from January 20, 1998, to May 14, 2003, on The WB Television Network. The lead production company was Sony Pictures Television. Reruns of the show are currently seen in the US in syndication on TBS and on The N. with Katie Holmes in one of the leading roles. It is set in Massachusetts.

General Hospital

General Hospital (commonly abbreviated GH) is the longest-running ABC Daytime American soap opera broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company television network. It is also the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood (having been taped at the Prospect Avenue ABC Television Center West and Sunset-Gower Studios).

Set in the fictional city of Port Charles, New York, "General Hospital" debuted on April 1, 1963, the same day that rival network NBC launched its own medical daytime drama, "The Doctors". The show originally aired for a half-hour until the network expanded it to the unusual length of 45 minutes in 1976, and then to a full hour in 1978. The serial was created by soap writers Frank and Doris Hursley, a husband-and-wife team.

"General Hospital" is credited for starting several trends in the soap opera genre in the 1980s, most notably that of the fast-paced action-adventure plotlines that were remarkably different from the more traditional domestic and social issues that had been the sole focus of most soap operas during the previous decades. In 2003, when "GH" was celebrating its 40th anniversary, "TV Guide" named it "The Greatest Soap Opera Of All Time." In addition, "GH" was also named as one of "TIME" Magazine's "Top 100 Television Shows of All Time."

Popstars

Popstars is a reality show where a number of people audition of a spot in a new popgroup. The concept has been sold to most parts of the world.
Also solo artists has been searched for in this show, Girls Aloud are one of the most famous groups coming out from the reality show also Nicole Scherzinger from Pussycat Dolls audition for a spot on Edens Crush on American Popstars.

Nicole Scherzinger

Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Scherzinger (née Valiente; born June 29, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter, television personality, and philanthrophist. She was the lead singer of the girl group The Pussycat Dolls. Scherzinger is also known for being a judge on TV talent shows such as "The X Factor" and "The Masked Singer".

Her father is of Filipino ancestry. Her mother is of Hawaiian and Ukrainian ancestry. Her Catholic parents separated when she was a baby. At age six, she moved to Louisville, Kentucky. She took her German American stepfather's surname when he adopted her.

Scherzinger was one of the group members in Edens Crush after winning a spot from the reality show "Popstars". Scherzinger was later a member of the Pussycat Dolls. On November 16, 2007, she released her first solo album, "Killer Love". 

She was a judge on The Sing-Off in 2009 and 2010. She was a judge on "The X Factor" in the United States in 2011. She was also a judge on "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2017. Scherzinger is also a panellist on "The Masked Singer USA".

will.i.am is the executive producer of her second album.

Since 2006, Scherzinger has had an on-off relationship with Lewis Hamilton. She has had bulimia nervosa.

Girls Aloud

Girls Aloud was a British girl group created by an ITV television show named "" in 2002. The group's members were Cheryl Cole (née Tweedy), Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. Girls Aloud have become one of the most successful British pop groups of the 2000s, with a record-breaking twenty consecutive Top 10 singles (including four number ones), six platinum albums (including two number ones) and record sales of more than 4.3 million in the UK. They have also been nominated for five BRIT Awards, winning Best Single in 2009 for The Promise. The Guinness Book of World Records list them as "the most successful reality TV group of all time". In March 2013, the group announced that they were splitting up.





Wulfila Bible

The Wulfila Bible (or Gothic Bible) is a translation of parts of the Bible into the Gothic language. It was done by a Christian Bishop, called Wulfila, in the 3rd century. It contains mainly a translation of the New Testament. The basis for the translation was a Greek version of the Bible. Up till then, the Goths had used runes to write. This was impractical, though. For this reason Wulfila also invented the Gothic alphabet. The Gothic alphabet is based on the Greek one.

Many copies of parts of the text still exist today. Most of them are from the 6th to 8th century. The Wulfila bible is the oldest written text of a Germanic language. It is very important for research. 

"þ" is pronounced like the English "th" in "the".


Plague of Athens

The Plague of Athens was an epidemic which hit the city-state of Athens in ancient Greece during the second year of the Peloponnesian War (430 BC), when an Athenian victory still seemed possible. Many historians believe that it entered Athens through Piraeus, the city's port and sole source of food and supplies. The city-state of Sparta, and much of the eastern Mediterranean, was also struck by the disease. The plague returned twice more, in 429 BC and in the winter of 427/6 BC.



Peloponnesian War

The Peloponnesian War (431–404 BC) was an Ancient Greek military conflict, fought by Athens and its allies, against the "Peloponnesian League", led by Sparta. Athens was the greatest sea power, and Sparta the greatest land power in 5th century BC Greece.

In the first phase, the Archidamian War, Sparta launched repeated invasions of Attica, while Athens took advantage of its naval supremacy to raid the coast of the Peloponnese.

This period of the war ended in 421 BC, with the signing of the Peace of Nicias. That treaty was soon undermined by renewed fighting in the Peloponnese. In 415 BC Athens dispatched a large force, led by Alcibiades, to attack Syracuse in Sicily. The attack failed, with the destruction of the entire force, in 413 BC. This made Athens vulnerable.

The final phase of the war is called the Decelean War, or the Peloponnesian War. In this phase, Sparta, now receiving support from the Achaemenid Empire, supported rebellions in Athens' subject states in the Aegean Sea and Ionia, undermining Athens' empire. Eventually, Athens lost its naval supremacy. The destruction of the Athenian fleet in a battle in 405 BC effectively ended the war, and Athens surrendered in the following year.

The Peloponnesian War reshaped the Ancient Greek world. Athens, the strongest city-state in Greece before the war started, was reduced to a state of near-complete subjection. Sparta became the leading power of Greece.

The economic costs of the war were felt all across Greece; poverty became widespread in the Peloponnese, Athens was completely devastated, and never regained its pre-war prosperity. The war also brought subtler changes to Greek society. The conflict between democratic Athens and oligarchic Sparta, each of which had friendly political factions in other states, made civil war a common occurrence in the Greek world.

Greek warfare was originally a limited and formalized form of conflict. It became an all-out struggle between city states, with atrocities on a large scale. The Peloponnese War shattered religious and cultural taboos, devastated the countryside, and destroyed whole cities. This marked the end to the fifth-century BC 'Golden age of Greece'.





429 BC

Last updated February 2


Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg

Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg () was a country in what is today Thuringia, Germany.

It was formed in 1672 when Frederick Wilhelm III, the last duke of Saxe-Altenburg died and Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (who had married Frederick Wilhelm's cousin, Elisabeth Sophie) inherited his possessions.

The duchy was split up again after Ernest’s death in 1675, and the Duchy of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg officially came into existence in 1680 when his eldest son, Frederick, took control of the parts of the country Gotha and Altenburg.

When the royal house of "Saxe-Gotha and Altenburg" became extinct in 1825, Saxe-Gotha was given to Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Saxe-Altenburg passed to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen. After the abolition of German monarchies at the end of the First World War, both Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Altenburg became part of the newly created state of Thuringia in 1920.

Divided between Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Saxe-Hildburghausen

Thucydides

Thucydides (; ; born around 460 BC, died around 400 BC) was an ancient Greek historian best remembered for his work on the Peloponnesian War. He was the son of Olorus.



Piraeus

Piraeus is a port and municipality in Athens, Attica, Greece, in the south of the center of Athens.

The population of Piraeus is 163,688 (2011).






Rhône

The Rhône is a river in France and Switzerland. It is 812 kilometers long. The river starts in Rhône Glacier, which is in Switzerland. Then, the Rhône River joints the Saône, in France (and other rivers) and ends in the Mediterranean Sea.

The River Rhône empties into the Mediterranean. Only the Nile brings more water into the Mediterranean. The river drains an area of 95.5500 m. The usual amount of water is about 1.700 m per second (at Tarrascon). During floods, this value has reached over 12.000 m per second.

This river splits into two smaller rivers before it flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The space between those rivers is named the Camargue, and many types of animals live there.

Luis Egidio Meléndez

Luis Egidio Meléndez (Naples, 1716-Madrid, 1780) was a Spanish painter. Although he received little acclaim or praise during his lifetime and died in poverty, Meléndez is recognized today as the greatest Spanish still life painter of the eighteenth century. His mastery of composition and light, and his remarkable ability to convey the volume and texture of individual objects enabled him to transform the most mundane (ordinary) of kitchen fare into powerful images.

Augustine

Augustine, Augustin, or Augustini can mean:

Augustin may also be:


Saxe-Hildburghausen

Saxe-Hildburghausen was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.

Although it was very small, Saxe-Hildburghausen was an independent duchy from 1680 to 1826. In 1684 the duchy changed its capital from Heldburg to Hildburghausen, and changed its name to Saxe-Hildburghausen.

In 1810, a Princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen married Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria, who became king of Bavaria 15 years later. The marriage is the reason for the Oktoberfest, held annually in Munich.

In 1826, the Ernestine duchies were reorganised after the last ruler of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg died without an heir. The duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen gave up his duchy in return for becoming Duke of Saxe-Altenburg. Hildburghausen was given to Saxe-Meiningen. Hildburghausen was not one of the duchies in the Imperial circle, Altenburg was, so by swapping his land the duke gained in social rank, even though the Holy Roman Empire no longer existed

In 1868, four districts were established in the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen. Hildburghausen was one of these districts, with boundaries very similar to those of the former duchy. It remained almost unchanged until 1993, when the former district of Suhl was dissolved and most of its municipalities joined the district.

Incorporated into Saxe-Meiningen

Augustine of Hippo

Augustine of Hippo (; ; 13 November 354 – 28 August 430), also known as Saint Augustine, was a Christian philosopher and theologian.

Augustine was born in the year 354. His mother is believed to have been of Berber origin.

After growing up, he began to learn and write a lot about Christianity, and became a bishop in Hippo Regius, which was in modern-day Annaba, Algeria. He was highly influenced by archbishop Ambrose. Later in life, Augustine moved to Italy, and over the next years his religious ideology grew stronger, and he became a teacher.

Books:

Letters:




House of Wettin

The House of Wettin was a dynasty of German counts, dukes, prince-electors (Kurfürsten) and kings that ruled in what is known today as the German states of Saxony and Thuringia for more than 800 years. Members of the Wettin family were also kings of Poland, as well as forming the ruling houses of Great Britain, Portugal, Bulgaria, Poland, Saxony, and Belgium. Today only the British and Belgian lines still rule their countries, but the last Tsar of Bulgaria, Simeon II, was Prime Minister of Bulgaria between 2001 and 2005. Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is the only ex-king who has ever returned to his country as an elected leader.

The oldest known member of the House of Wettin was Thiedericus (died 982). Around 1000, as part of the German conquest of Slavic territory, the family got Wettin Castle and changed their name. It was usual for noblemen to change their name to the name of their territory. Wettin Castle is located in Wettin, Saxony-Anhalt in the Hosgau on the Saale River. 

The House split into two main branches, the Ernestine and the Albertine. The descendants of Ernest often subdivided their land and ended up with a lot of small duchies, but one (Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) became very important. Ernest's younger brother was Albert. His descendants became Electors of Saxony, and in 1806, Kings of Saxony

Descendants of the Dukes of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha have become:
and also husbands of the queens of 

The wife of the Emperor of Mexico (Carlota of Mexico) was also a member of the house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. As such, the British, Portuguese, and for a time, Mexican, thrones became a possession of persons who belonged to the House of Wettin. 

During World War I the British Royal Family changed the name as well as their personal surnames to "Windsor" by an Order-in-Council of King George V. The Kings of Belgiums now do not use the Saxe-Coburg and Gotha name, but have never officially changed it.




Durham, England

Durham is a city in the North East of England. It is within the County Durham local government district, and is the county town of the larger ceremonial county. It lies to the south of Newcastle upon Tyne, Chester-le-Street and Sunderland and to the north of Darlington.

Durham is well known for its Norman Cathedral and 11th-century castle, and is home to Durham University. HM Prison Durham is also close to the city centre. Durham Castle and Cathedral is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 BC. The present city can clearly be traced back to AD 995, when a group of monks from Lindisfarne chose to settle there with the body of Saint Cuthbert, which had previously lain in Chester-le-Street.

Before the Reformation the shrine of Saint Cuthbert, behind the High Altar of Durham Cathedral, was the most important religious site in England until the martyrdom of St. Thomas Becket at Canterbury.

Despite a brief translation back to Holy Island during the Norman Invasion the saint's relics remain enshrined to the present day. Saint Bede's bones are also entombed in the cathedral, drawing the mediaeval pilgrim to the city.

Durham’s geographical position has always given it an important position in the defence of England against the Scots. The city has played an important part in the defence of the north and Durham Castle is the only Norman castle keep never to have suffered a breach. The Battle of Neville's Cross which took place near the city on 17 October 1346 between the English and Scots was the most famous battle of its age.

The city suffered from a number of plague outbreaks in 1544, 1589 and 1598.

As the north east was so far from Westminster the bishops of Durham enjoyed extraordinary powers. They had the ability to hold their own parliament, raise their own armies, appoint their own sheriffs and Justices, administer their own laws, levy taxes and customs duties, create fairs and markets, issue charters, salvage shipwrecks, collect revenue from mines, administer the forests and mint their own coins.

Basically, William the Conqueror delegated many powers to bishops in the furthest reaches of England. They were his men, and most had fought at the Battle of Hastings. This style of delegation ran for many centuries afterwards. This applied especially in the north and west of England, which were several days ride from London.

So far reaching were the bishop’s powers that the steward of Bishop Anthony Bek commented in 1299 AD: 
All this activity was administered from the castle and buildings surrounding the Palace Green.

Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop. The last Prince Bishop of Durham Bishop William Van Mildert founded Durham University. Henry VIII cut some of the Prince-Bishop's powers and, in 1538, ordered the destruction of the shrine of Saint Cuthbert.

The Prince Bishops also had their own court system, most notably the Durham Court of Chancery. The county also had its own attorney general, whose authority to bring an indictment for criminal matters was tested by central government in the infamous case of "Rex" v. "Mary Ann Cotton" (1832). The courts and judicial posts for the county were finally abolished in 1873.

The Council is made up of 50 councillors elected every four years (last elections 2007). In 2007, the council was made of Liberal Democrat (30), Labour (17), and Independent (3) members.

Liberal Democrats first took control of the council in the 2003 elections. Labour had held overall control of the City Council continually since the early 1980s.


Angelic Upstarts

The Angelic Upstarts are an anti-fascist Oi! punk rock band who started in South Shields, North-East England in 1977.


Anti-fascism

Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies, organizations, governments and people. Anti-fascism started in Europe in the 1920s. At the same time, fascist political parties were getting popular in Europe. Anti-fascism was most popular during and after World War II, when fascist governments were very powerful in Europe. Many different kinds of political parties have believed in anti-fascism. Some of these parties have been Marxist, nationalist, anarchist, socialist, pacifist, social democratic, conservative, and liberal. 


History of the Peloponnesian War

The History of the Peloponnesian War tells the story of the Peloponnesian War in Ancient Greece. It was written by Thucydides, an Athenian general who served in that war. The war was fought between the "Peloponnesian League" (led by Sparta) and the "Athenian league" (led by Athens). The war lasted more than 20 years.

Many historians regard this "History" of Thucydides as one of the earliest scholarly works of history.

Thucydides' "History" made a number of contributions to early historiography. Many of his principles have become standard methods of history writing today, though others have not.

One of Thucydides' major innovations was to use a strict standard of chronology, recording events by year, each year consisting of the summer campaigning season and a less active winter season. As a result, events that span several years are divided up and described in parts of the book that are sometimes quite distant from one another, causing the impression that he is oscillating between the various theatres of conflict. This method contrasts sharply with Herodotus' earlier work "The Histories", which jumps around chronologically.

Another feature of the work is that Thucydides writes dozens of speeches of the most important figures who were engaged in the war. Thucydides heard some of these speeches himself but some of the speeches he wrote without knowing exactly what was really spoken.

Thucydides wanted his writings "to last for ever" (1.22.4). Therefore he tried to be as neutral as possible though as a general of Athens that was difficult for him.

The gods play no active role in Thucydides' work. This is very different to Herodotus, who frequently mentions the role of the gods. Instead, Thucydides regards history as being caused by the choices and actions of human beings.

The "History" concentrates on the military aspects of the Peloponnesian War, but it uses these events as a medium to suggest several other themes as well, for instance to show degenerative effects of war on humanity itself. 
For the most part, the "History" does not discuss topics such as the art and architecture of Greece, but speaks of the development of military technologies
rather often. 
The "History" explains that the cause of the Peloponnesian War was the "growth in power of Athens, and the alarm which this inspired in Sparta" (1.23.6). The Spartans represent a more traditional and less expansive power.

Thucydides almost never names his informants. This is in contrast to Herodotus, who frequently mentions multiple versions of his stories and allows the reader to decide which is true.

Thucydides' "History" has been enormously influential in both ancient and modern historiography.





Historiography

Historiography is about the writing of history and the use of historical methods. Thus it looks at authors, sources, interpretation, style, bias, and audience. It is sometimes called "the history of history". The word historiography can also refer to a body of historical work.

For thousands of years people have been telling stories about the past, and making written records of the actions of kings and prophets and other famous persons. After 500 BC, they began writing more organized histories.

Written history appeared first with the ancient Greeks, whose historians greatly contributed to the development of historical methodology. The very first historical works were "The Histories" composed by Herodotus of Halicarnassus (484 BC–ca.425 BC), who became later known as the 'father of history' (Cicero). 
Thucydides was the first to distinguish between cause and immediate origins of an event, and his successor Xenophon (ca. 431–355 BC) introduced autobiographical elements and character studies in his Anabasis.

The Romans adopted the Greek tradition, becoming the first people to write history in a non-Greek language. The most famous writers are Julius Caesar's (100 BC–44 BC) "Bellum Gallicum".
Livy (59 BC–AD 17) who records the rise of Rome from city-state to world dominion.
Plutarch (c. 46 - 127) and Suetonius (c. 69-after 130) introduced biography as a branch of history. Tacitus (c. 56–c. 117) criticizes Roman immorality by praising German virtues.

Writing history was popular among Christian monks and clergy in the Middle Ages. They wrote about the history of Jesus Christ, the Church and of their patrons, the dynastic history of the local rulers. In the Early Middles Ages historical writing often took the form of annals or chronicles recording events year by year but this style tended to hampered the analysis of events and causes. An example of this type of writing are Anglo-Saxon Chronicles which were the work of several different writers and start during the reign of Alfred the Great in the late 9th century and one copy of which was still being updated in 1154.

History was written about states or nations during the Renaissance. The study of history changed during the Enlightenment and Romanticism. Voltaire described the history of certain ages that were important according to him, instead of describing events in a chronological order. History became an independent discipline. It was not called "philosophia historiae" anymore, but merely history ("historia").

Modern historiography began with Leopold Ranke in the 19th century, who was very critical on the sources used in history. 
The French Annales School radically changed history during the 20th century. Fernand Braudel wanted history to become more scientific by demanding more mathematical evidence in history, in order to make the history discipline less subjective. Furthermore, he added a social-economic and geographic framework to answer historical questions. Other French historians, like Philippe Ariès and Michel Foucault described history of daily life topics such as death and sexuality. They wanted history to be written about all topics and that all questions should be asked.

Historical journals for academic historians to exchange ideas started in the nineteenth century. The early journals were similar to the academic journals used in the physical sciences, and were seen as a means by which history could be professionalised. Journals also helped historians to establish various historiographical approaches, the most notable example of which was "Annales. Économies. Sociétés. Civilisations." a publication instrumental in establishing the Annales School.
The question of how a historian approaches historical events is one of the most important questions within historiography. It is commonly recognised by historians that, in themselves, individual historical facts are not particularly meaningful. Such facts will only become useful when assembled with other historical evidence, and the process of assembling this evidence is understood as a particular historiographical approach.

Some of the more common historigraphical approaches are:


Determinism means that historians view history as being caused more by certain factors than by other factors. The two most common types of determinism are geographic determinism and economic determinism. Geographic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by geography. Frederick Jackson Turner was a proponent of geographic determinism. Economic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by economics. Charles Beard was a proponent of economic determinism. Other historians believe that history is caused mostly by politics or mostly by a struggle for natural rights, but these are usually not labeled as determinism.







Historical method

The historical method are the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.

Following Garraghan (in: "A Guide to Historical Method", 168) puts six questions that should be answered as minimal standard for a sound historical method:





Primary source

A primary source is an original document or other material that has not been changed in any way. It is a reliable first-hand account usually written at or near the time the event(s) occurred. Usually it was produced by someone with direct personal knowledge of the events that are described. It is used as an original source of information about the topic. Primary sources are distinguished from secondary sources. Secondary sources are documents based on primary sources. Thus, a memoir of a participant in an event is a primary source, whilst a history of that event based on several memoirs is a secondary source. Different kinds of work have slightly different definitions of a primary source. In journalism, for example, a primary source can also be a person.




Source

Source could mean:









Secondary source

A secondary source is a document or recording that writes or speaks about information that is one step removed from the original source. 

The secondary source depends on the "primary source" or "original source" of the information. Secondary sources interpret, evaluate or discuss information found in primary sources. In historiography, a secondary source is a study written by a scholar about a topic. Secondary sources frequently cite primary sources and other secondary sources. They rarely cite tertiary sources.

A secondary source would be a book on 13th century politics, while the Magna Carta itself would be a primary source.
Many secondary sources use extensive citations in the form of footnotes or endnotes.

The main use of secondary sources in law is to explain the law. They also explain legal concepts. They are used to analyze and describe laws as well as comment on them. Judicial decisions and opinions by qualified experts are secondary sources.



Breinigerberg

Breinigerberg is a small village in the West of Germany, the state of North Rhine-Westphalia About 972 people live at the place. It is close to the "Naturpark Nordeifel", a large forest area in Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.

The road L12 passes through Breinigerberg splitting it into two parts. 

In the last two centuries, Breinigerberg was famous for mining. Even the ancient Romans dug for ore in the area. It was used for the production of brass in the city of Stolberg. Today there is no more mining but the remains are still present. Big holes in the Schlangenberg area prove what had been left from the past. Today the Schlangenberg is a natural reserve protecting rare flowers and insects.


Document

A document ("noun") is a piece of information that is used to communicate something. Mostly it is a paper that contains information in the form of ink marks, but nowadays documents can be digital as well. 

To document ("verb") means to produce an object by collecting and representing information.


When one views a document, they can see the connotations and denotations that appear in a search for document. From these usages, readers can infer one or more of the following typical contexts:


Technology to manage documents has developed with documents themselves. They include practices for preserving, archiving, destroying, and managing documents. These together are called the "document life cycle"












Object

Object could mean:


Computing

Popular culture

International Standard Book Number

The International Standard Book Number, ISBN, is a unique commercial book identifier barcode. The ISBN system was created in the United Kingdom, in 1966, by the booksellers and stationers W.H. Smith.

Originally, it was the 9-digit Standard Book Numbering (SBN) code and still was used in 1974; it was adopted as the international standard ISO 2108 in 1970. A similar, numeric identification, the International Standard Serial Number (ISSN), identifies periodical publications such as magazines. Since January 1, 2007, ISBNs are of 13 digits, like in Bookland EAN-13. The TC 46/SC 9 is responsible for the standard.

An ISBN is given to each edition and variation (except reprintings) of a book. The ISBN is 13 digits long if assigned after January 1, 2007, and 10 digits long if assigned before 2007. An International Standard Book Number consists of 4 or 5 parts:


The ISBN parts may be of different lengths, and usually are separated with hyphens or spaces.

The group identifier code (GIC) number is 0 or 1 for English-speaking countries; 2 for French-speaking countries; 3 for German-speaking countries; 4 for Japanese; 5 for Russian, et cetera. The original standard book number (SBN) had no group identifier, but affixing a zero (0) as prefix to a 9-digit SBN creates a valid 10-digit ISBN. The group identifier may be up to 5 digits long; e.g. 99936 is a group identifier for the country Bhutan.

The national ISBN agency assigns the publisher number (cf. the category: ISBN agencies); the publisher selects the item number. Generally, a book publisher is not required to assign an ISBN, nor for a book to display its number (except in China; see below), however, most book stores only handle ISBN bearing merchandise.

A listing of all the 628,000 assigned publisher codes is published, and can be ordered in book form, but, as of 2007, it costs US$300. The web site of the international ISBN agency does not offer any free method of looking up publisher codes.





Index

An index is a system used to make finding information easier.

Index could also mean:


In publications:

In computers and information retrieval:

Other:

Recording

Recording means to capture data to store it on a storage medium or record as a video format.

Historical records of events have been made for thousands of years. Amongst the earliest are cave painting, runic alphabets and ideograms. Technology continues to provide and expand means for human beings to record their thoughts, feelings and experiences.


Pedro Santana, Dominican Republic

Pedro Santana is a municipality in the Dominican Republic, in the Elías Piña Province, on the border with Haiti, along the left side of the Artibonite river.

The town, and municipality, was named after "Pedro Santana", a general of the Independence wars and first president of the Dominican Republic. He was born in Hincha, now a Haitian city ("Hinche") near the border.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 3,917: 2,120 men and 1,797 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The old small town of "Los Cercadillos" was elevated, with the present name, to the category of municipal district of Bánica on 16 September 1942 and to the category of municipality by the Law 3208 of 3 March 1952.

Pedro Santana has an area of and is at to the north of Bánica and at to the north of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the Dajabón province to the northwest, the Santiago Rodríguez province to the northeast, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Bánica to the south and Haiti to the west.

The municipality of Pedro Santana has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Visual system

The visual system is the part of the nervous system which allows organisms to see.
It interprets the information from visible light to build a representation of the world surrounding the body. The visual system has the complex task of (re)constructing a three dimensional world from a two dimensional projection of that world. The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception.

This article mostly describes the visual system of mammals, although other "higher" animals have similar visual systems. In this case, the visual system consists of:


Different species are able to see different parts of the light spectrum; for example, bees can see into the ultraviolet, while pit vipers can accurately target prey with their infrared imaging sensors.



Microform

Microform is a name given to special photographic films. Microforms contain reduced images of documents. Usually, documents stored on microform are reduced about 25 times. Microform is mainly used for archival purposes.

There are three common formats:

Properly stored (room temperature, 50% humidity), microform should be able to last up to 500 years. 

Analog signal

An analog or analogue signal is any continuous signal. 

The difference from a digital signal is that also very small fluctuations in the signal are meaningful. When one speaks of analog one often means an electrical context, however mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and other systems may also convey analog signals.

An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal's information. 
Any information may be conveyed by an analog signal, often such a signal is a measured change in physical phenomena, such as sound, light, temperature, position, or pressure.

For example, in sound recording, changes in air pressure (that is to say, sound) strike the diaphragm of a microphone which causes related changes in a voltage or the current in an electric circuit. The voltage or the current is said to be an "analog" of the sound.

See digital for a discussion of "digital vs. analog".

Microphone

A microphone, sometimes referred to as a mike or mic (both IPA pronunciation: ), converts sound into an electrical signal.

Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones, tape recorders, hearing aids, motion picture production, live and recorded audio engineering, in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice.

Sound passes through the air in waves, and as was said above, the microphone turns the sound wave into an electrical wave. Different kinds of microphones will turn the sound waves into electricity in different ways.


A pop filter (or pop shield) is often used in recording studios. It is an electronic filter that reduces or eliminates 'popping' sounds caused by fast moving air (such as air from the mouth).

The first microphones were invented as telephone transmitters. They included liquid and dynamic designs. Carbon transmitters were later used in this and other applications.



Digital signal

Digital signal can mean two different things: 

Digital signals are digital representations of "discrete-time signals", which are often produced by changing an analog signal.

An analog signal is a datum that changes over time (for instance the temperature at a given place; the depth of a certain point in a pond; or the amplitude of the voltage at some node in a circuit). A discrete-time signal is a sampled version of an analog signal: the value of the datum is noted at fixed intervals (for example, every microsecond) rather than continuously.

In short, a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal.

In the digital revolution the usage of digital signals has increased significantly.
Many modern media devices, especially the ones that connect with computers use digital signals to represent signals that were traditionally represented as analog signals; cell phones, music and video players, personal video recorders, and digital cameras are examples.

In most applications, digital signals are represented as binary numbers, so their precision of quantization is measured in bits.

In computer architecture and other digital systems, a waveform that switches between two voltage levels representing the two states of a Boolean value (0 and 1) is referred to as a digital signal.

The clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize digital circuits.
The image shown can be considered the waveform of a clock signal.
Logic changes are triggered either by the rising edge or the falling edge.

Pneumatics

Pneumatics is the use of compressed air for mechanical motion. It has many uses. 

Pneumatic transfer systems are employed in many industries to move powders and devices. Pneumatic devices are also used where electric motors cannot be used for safety reasons, such as deep in a mine where explosive dust or gases may be present.

electricity

Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power. Pneumatics uses air, which is compressible, while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil or water. 







Duchy of Saxe-Gotha

Saxe-Gotha () was a state in today's Thuringia, Germany.

It was created in 1640 for Duke Ernest I and ended in 1680 when his lands were divided after his death in 1675. The area around Gotha passed to Ernest's eldest surviving son, Frederick of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, who also inherited Altenburg (which Ernest had inherited through his wife Elisabeth Sophie) and became Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.


When the house of Saxe-Gotha and Altenburg became extinct in 1825, Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was split. Saxe-Gotha passed to the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld who in turn gave Saalfeld to Saxe-Meiningen. The Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen became Duke of Saxe-Altenburg, and gave Saxe-Hildburghausen to Saxe-Meiningen.

After the abolition of German monarchies at the end of the First World War it became a part of the newly created state of Thuringia in 1920.


Seafloor spreading

Seafloor spreading happens at the bottom of an ocean as tectonic plates move apart. The seafloor moves and carries continents with it. At ridges in the middle of oceans, new oceanic crust is created. The motivating force for seafloor spreading ridges is tectonic plate pull rather than magma pressure, although there is typically significant magma activity at spreading ridges. 
At the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (and other places), material from the upper mantle rises through the faults between oceanic plates. It forms new crust as the plates move away from each other. The new crust then slowly moves away from the ridge. It is a place of earthquakes and volcanoes. Seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in plate tectonics. At oceanic trenches, seafloor crust slides down and under continental crust.

Earlier theories (e.g. by Alfred Wegener) of continental drift were that continents 'plowed' through the ocean. The modern idea is that the ocean floor itself moves and carries the continents with it as it expands from a mid-ocean ridge. Today, it is accepted. The phenomenon is caused by convection in the weak upper mantle, or asthenosphere.

Additionally spreading rates determine if the ridge is a fast, intermediate, or slow. As a general rule, fast ridges see spreading rate of more than 9 cm/year. Intermediate ridges have a spreading rate of 4-9 cm/year while slow spreading ridges have a rate less than 4 cm/year. 

A mid-ocean ridge is an underwater mountain system. This consists of mountain chains, with a rift valley running along its spine, formed by plate tectonics. A mid-ocean ridge marks the boundary between two tectonic plates which are moving apart. A mid ocean ridge is made by a divergent boundary.

The mid-ocean ridges of the world are connected and form a single global mid-oceanic ridge system that is part of every ocean. The mid-oceanic ridge system is the longest mountain range in the world. The continuous mountain range is long. It is several times longer than the Andes, the longest continental mountain range. The total length of the oceanic ridge system is long.

Mid-ocean ridges are geologically active, with new magma constantly emerging onto the ocean floor and into the crust at and near rifts along the ridge axes. The crystallized magma forms new crust of basalt and gabbro.

The rocks making up the crust below the seafloor are youngest at the axis of the ridge and age with increasing distance from that axis. New magma of basalt composition emerges at and near the axis because of decompression melting in the underlying Earth's mantle.

The oceanic crust is made up of rocks much younger than the Earth itself: oceanic crust in the ocean basins is everywhere less than 200 million years old. The crust is in a constant state of 'renewal' at the ocean ridges. Moving away from the mid-ocean ridge, ocean depth progressively increases; the greatest depths are in ocean trenches. As the oceanic crust moves away from the ridge axis, the peridotite in the underlying mantle cools and becomes more rigid. The crust and the relatively rigid peridotite below it make up the oceanic lithosphere. 

Slow spreading ridges like the Mid-Atlantic Ridge have large, wide rift valleys, sometimes as big as 10-20 km wide and very rugged terrain at the ridge crest. By contrast, fast spreading ridges like the East Pacific Rise are narrow, sharp incisions surrounded by generally flat topography that slopes away from the ridge over many hundreds of miles.

Comendador, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Comendador is the head municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 19,344: 9,675 men and 9,669 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The city was founded in 1868, and named after Nicolás de Ovando, the "Comendador of Lares" ("Comendador" was the chief of a military or religious order). It was founded where there was a military post close to the border with Haiti. The Taíno name of the region was "Duan".

There was several fights between Haitian and Dominican soldiers during the Dominican-Haitian War after 1844. The most important fight was the "La Estrelleta Battle" in a savanna near Comendador.

The old military post was made a "Cantón" (now called Municipal District) of the Azua province in 1907. The next year, in 1908, it was elevated to the category of municipality of the same province.

Its name was changed to Villa Elías Piña on 29 November 1930. In 1972, its name was changed back to Comendador..

Comendador is at to the west of Santo Domingo and of San Juan de la Maguana. The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Bánica to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of El Llano to the south and Haiti to the west.

The average daily temperature in the city is and the average rainfall for the year is .

The municipality of Comendador has two municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture. Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city.

Emily Greene Balch

Emily Greene Balch (1867-1961) shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1946 with John Raleigh Mott (1865-1955). Both laureates were American.

Chiara Zanni

Chiara Zanni (born July 19, 1978 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actress and voice actress. She is known for her role as "Amy" in The N's television series "About a Girl".

Raised in Vancouver, Chiara started her career at the age of 8, when won a talent contest called "Search for a Star". She was cast as the "Pokey Little Puppy" in a cartoon called "Little Golden Book Land" and has not stopped working since. Chiara has acted in the feature movies "X-Men: X2", "40 Days and 40 Nights", "Almost America", "In the Land of Women", and "Good Luck Chuck". 

Her TV appearances include "Supernatural", "Stargate Atlantis", "Edgemont", "Trophy Wife", "Bye Bye Birdie", "First to Die", and "Post Mortem". She has also done voice acting, including roles in "Hamtaro", "Trollz", "My Little Pony", "Polly Pockets", "Barbie Fairytopia", "X-Men Evolution", "Sabrina", "Bionicle", "Inuyasha", and "Storm Hawks". 





Antoni Lange

Antoni Lange (1861 or 1863 – March 17, 1929), was a Polish poet, translator and mystic philosopher of the Symbolism and Parnassianism movements. He was regarded as a "great master of reflective poetry". He spoke 15 languages. His pen-names were Antoni Wrzesień and Napierski. Although Lange was not a particularly famed author, many people call him "a magican of lyrical form" because of his unquestionable mastery in using rare poetic forms and innovations which makes him a pioneer of modern "collage" and even imagism movement.

As a religious thinker Lange was one of the first to make people interested in Indian philosophy and literature in Poland. His existential reflection of "universal pain" ("wszechcierpienie") unites Christian mysticism with traditions of Buddhism.

Lange was also an uncle of the poet Bolesław Leśmian.

He was born in 1861 or 1863 into a patriotic Jewish family who were heavily influenced by the messianic ideals of Romantic Polish poets, especially Adam Mickiewicz. In 1830, his father Henri Lange took part in the November Uprising.

"Lange's own poems did not win him recognition, and the last phase of his life was poisoned by feelings of bitterness". He never married and had no children.

<poem>Eternal solitaries - human souls,
Solitaries blown astray;
Each wanders through the Milky Way,
Each in her finite circle rolls.

Like wandering planets they gaze
At one another in the sky's blue halls;
Each in her finite circle rolls,
But never from her orbit sways.</poem>





Curie (unit)

The curie (symbol Ci) is a unit of measurement. It measures radioactivity. It is defined as

This is roughly the activity of 1 gram of the radium isotope Ra. Radium was studied by the pioneers of radiology, Marie and Pierre Curie so the unit is named after them. The curie has since been replaced by an SI derived unit, the becquerel (Bq), which is decay per second. Therefore:

and

In 1962, the International Commission on Radiological Units suggested the usage of this unit named after Marie Curie.

Curie

The Curies were a family of distinguished scientists:


Things and ideas named after the Curies:


CURIE:


Fjord

A fjord or fiord is a type of gulf. Fjords are narrow with steep sides, and are created by large masses of snow moving over land. They can be found in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Canada, Germany, and New Zealand. In Germany, fiords are called "Förde".

Most cities near fiords are sea ports. Some cities near fjords are listed below:


Raccoon

The raccoon ("Procyon lotor", common raccoon,) is a mammal. Raccoons are curious, clever, and solitary. They are originally from North America. They have spread through Central America, and live in various habitats. They have escaped in some parts of Eurasia (see map), and now live there as well. Raccoons are in the family Caniformia, and are related to the mustelids.

The raccoon has short legs, a pointed nose, small ears, grayish-brown fur, and a bushy tail.

The raccoon's most distinctive features are its multi-purpose front paws, its facial 'mask', and its striped tail. Moreover, raccoons are noted for their intelligence. Studies show they are able to remember the solution to tasks for up to three years. Raccoons are usually nocturnal. Their food is about 40% invertebrates, 33% plant foods, and 27% vertebrates. Raccoons are omnivores. They feed on mice, squirrels, rabbits, birds, fish, frogs, turtles, lizards, snakes, eggs, insects, worms, fruit, and nuts. Their predators are red foxes, wolves, coyotes, bears, eagles, hawks, owls, cougars, and lynxes.

Most raccoons live in the wild. Being around humans does not bother them. They often nest in empty buildings, garages, sheds, and even the attics of houses. Raccoons do not hibernate in the winter. Those that live further north where it is colder, grow thick coats to keep them warm and spend long periods sleeping. Raccoons that live in captivity can survive up to 20 years. In the wild, they usually live only 1–3 years.

Two other species of raccoon, the crab-eating raccoon ("P. cancrivorus") and the Cozumel Island raccoon ("P. pygmaeus"), are extremely similar to the common raccoon. The crab-eating raccoon is quite widespread in eastern South America.

After a gestation period (pregnancy) of about 65 days, two to five young are born in spring. Newborn raccoons are called "kits".


Eliza Dushku

Eliza Patricia Dushku (born December 30, 1980) is an American television and movie actress. She has appeared in several Hollywood movies such as "True Lies", "The New Guy", "Bring It On", and "Wrong Turn". She is also well known for her acting on television, such as her role on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" as Faith. She was also the main character in the series "Tru Calling".

Dushku was born in Watertown, Massachusetts. Dushku's father is Albanian-American and her mother has Danish ancestry. She was raised a Mormon, the faith of her mother but she is not actively practicing. She has three older brothers, Aaron, Benjamin (Ben) (born February 5, 1976), and Nathan (Nate) (born June 8, 1977, in Boston, Massachusetts), the last of whom is also an actor and a model. Her parents divorced when she was still an infant.

Dushku started acting when she was 10. She was chosen for the lead role of Alice, opposite Juliette Lewis in the movie "That Night". In 1993, Dushku got the role as Pearl in "This Boy's Life", alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio. The following year, she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in "True Lies". She also had parts as Paul Reiser's daughter in "Bye Bye, Love", as Cindy Johnson with Halle Berry and Jim Belushi in "Race the Sun", as well as roles in a television movie and a short movie.

Dushku took some time off from acting to finish her last two years of high school. She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington, DC and Suffolk University in Boston, where her mother was professor of government and had been the dean of the campus in Dakar, Senegal.

After high school, Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith, a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy. At first, her character was only going to be used for five episodes but became so popular that Joss Whedon decided to use her for more of the story. She stayed on for the rest of the third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four. She was then used as part of the first season of the "Buffy" spinoff series "Angel". Faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of "Angel" and in the last five episodes of "Buffy".

In 2000, Dushku starred in "Soul Survivors" with her "Race The Sun" co-star Casey Affleck. She followed that up with the cheerleader comedy "Bring It On" with Kirsten Dunst. She was very busy in 2001: shooting "The New Guy" in Texas and having to travel up to New York where she was working again with actor Robert De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones in "City by the Sea". She played James Franco's junkie girlfriend and mother of his child. The same year Kevin Smith asked Dushku to be a part of "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back". Dushku co-starred with Shannon Elizabeth, Ali Larter, Ben Affleck, and others.

2003 saw the release of "Wrong Turn", a horror movie in which Dushku had the starring role, and "The Kiss", an independent comedy-drama. Starting that same year, she also starred in a new Fox TV series, "Tru Calling". She played the main character, Tru Davies, a ex-medical student who must take a job at a local morgue where she finds that she has the power to "re-live" the previous day over again. She uses this ability to stop wrongful deaths.

She appeared in the Simple Plan music video, "I'm Just a Kid", as the band's love interest, as well as Nickelback's video for "Rockstar".

"Variety" announced on August 2, 2006 that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in "Sex and Breakfast", written and directed by Miles Brandman. The movie will be released in Los Angeles on November 30, 2007 and on DVD on January 22, 2008. She will also star in "Open Graves", a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game. The movie is expected to be released in 2007. She will play the main character on a thriller directed by Rob Schmidt who she had worked with before on Wrong Turn, called The Alphabet Killer.

It was announced on October 31, 2007 that Dushku and Joss Whedon agreed to create a new show called "Dollhouse". FOX has already ordered seven episodes and the series is expected to premiere in April.

Dushku lives in the Los Angeles area of Southern California.



Sandy Robson

Sandy Wayne Robson (born November 6, 1973 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian actor. He is probably best known for hosting the game show "Trash to Treasure" and his role as "Dude" in The N's television series "About a Girl".

A Toronto native, Robson's breakthrough role was in "Crazy Canucks", the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions. (His background as a giant slalom down hill skier was useful for the film.) More recently, he has acted in "Cow Belles" and "The Cheetah Girls", and the television series "Kevin Hill", "", and "Instant Star". Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions, including the one man show "Full Committed", in which he played 40 characters.





Lord's Prayer

The Lord's Prayer is the best known prayer in the Christian religion. It is also known as the Our Father (the first two words of the prayer) and Pater noster (which is Latin for "Our Father"). It was not until the Protestant Reformation that it was called the Lord's Prayer.

The prayer is spoken in two places in the New Testament of the Bible (Matthew 6:9-13 and Luke 11:1-4). Jesus' disciples asked him how they should pray. Jesus gave an example of how to pray to Father God. 

The Bible has been translated into English several times. Therefore, there are slightly different versions that are used. The traditional and one of the best-known versions is the translation from the Book of Common Prayer (1662): 

The Latin version has been very important in Church history. It is given below:

The best known version of the text is found in Matthew. Its Greek language original is given below:

Many composers have written musical settings of the prayer. Some of them are:

Luigi Cherubini, Martin Luther, Die Toten Hosen, Charles Gounod, Leoš Janáček, Franz Liszt, Giacomo Meyerbeer, Otto Nicolai, Bernardino Rizzi, Igor Stravinsky, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Leonard Bernstein (in Mass), Giuseppe Verdi and Leonardo Schiavo.



Service (music)

In Anglican church music, a Service is a piece of music for the choir to sing during a service of worship. It uses the words which are a traditional part of the service. The choir is usually accompanied by the organ, but sometimes it can be just for choir without organ.

In Morning Prayer the words which are set to music for the choir are the words of the Venite (Psalm 95), the Te Deum and the Jubilate (Psalm 100) or Benedictus.

For a Holy Communion the set words will usually be the Gloria, sometimes the Creed, Sanctus, Agnus Dei as well as responses.

For Evening Prayer the words will be the Magnificat and the Nunc Dimittis. Singers in the choir often call these "Mag and Nunc" for short. Many composers have set these words. They make them into a piece for choir which is like an anthem.

In the Tudor and early Stuart periods, services were described as "Short", "Great" or "Verse" services. Short services were short, the words were only sung once and it was often unaccompanied (no organ). A Great service was longer: some of the words were often sung many times. William Byrd wrote a famous Great Service. A Verse service was also long: there were several verses which need to be sung by a solo choir member. In between each verse there is some music for the whole choir to sing.

Space station

A space station is a artificial satellite in space that people can live at. All past and current space stations have been in low Earth orbit. Space stations can dock with other spacecraft. This allows transferring cargo and people. At present the International Space Station is the only space station in orbit. The first space station was Salyut 1. Prior stations were the seven "Salyut" stations, "Skylab", "Mir" and the two "Tiangong" stations. The Chinese Space Station is planned for the future.

Space stations are used to learn about how being in space for a long time effects the human body. They also are a place for science experiments and research. Space stations have been designed for more than one crew. Each crew member may stay aboard the station for weeks or months, and then is replaced by others. Some have spent more than one year at a time on a space station. This includes Vladimir Titov, Musa Manarov, Sergei Avdeyev and Valeriy Polyakov aboard "Mir".

The below list is of stations that made it to orbit and had at least one crew visit them. There have also been a few stations that have failed or were for testing. Those are not included on this list.

In 2024, international media showed a film clip of (intentionally or on purpose) putting too much pressure inside a LIFE (Large Integrated Flexible Environment) habitat [or a room designed for a future space station].

Van de Graaff Generator

A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic machine. It uses a moving, nonmetallic belt to accumulate very high voltages on a hollow metal globe. Voltage differences achieved in modern Van de Graaff generators can reach 5 megavolts. Applications for these high voltage generators include driving X-ray tubes, accelerating electrons to sterilize food and process materials, and accelerating protons for nuclear physics experiments. The Van de Graaff generator can be thought of as a constant-current source connected in parallel with a capacitor and a very large electrical resistance. It is named after the American physicist Robert Jemison Van de Graaff, who built the first generators of this style in 1929.

Time server

A time server is a special computer in a computer network. 

It is important that computers on a network use the same time. Time servers use an atomic clock, or they ask other computers on the network about the time. They then tell this time to all the other computers in the same network. Common protocols to do this are the Daytime Protocol and the Network Time Protocol (NTP).

NTP calls the quality of a time server its stratum. Stratum can be anything form 0 to 255 and lower is better. It is rare to see a network with a source worse than stratum 5.

Every level that is added of time servers getting information from a source close to the master clock and passing it farther away from the master clock increases the stratum level.

Laura Prepon

Laura Prepon (born March 7, 1980) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Donna Pinciotti on the Fox television series "That '70s Show" and as Hannah Daniels on the ABC television series "October Road". She plays Alex in "Orange Is the New Black".


Ashley Massaro

Ashley Marie Massaro (May 26, 1979 – May 16, 2019), also known simply as Ashley, was an American pictorial model and professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) while wrestling on its "Raw" brand. 

She was the winner of the Raw Diva Search 2005 and was on the cover of the April 2007 issue of "Playboy Magazine". She was a contestant on the of "Survivor" in China, but was the second contestant to be eliminated.

Massaro was found dead at her home on May 16, 2019 in Long Island, New York at the age of 39. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.


Melina Perez

Melina Nava Pérez (born March 9, 1979; ring name Melina) is an American professional wrestler and manager. She is best known for working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where she wrestled on its Raw and SmackDown brands. She was released from her contract with the WWE on August 5, 2011.

Pérez began her career as a model. In 2000, she decided to become a professional wrestler and began training. Pérez's pro-wrestling debut was in 2002 on a tour of the independent wrestling scene. She joined a number of California-based promotions such as the Empire Wrestling Federation (EWF).

Pérez began working in World Wrestling Entertainment's "farm territory" Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) in March 2004 when she was kayfabe brought her in as a way to taunt her ex-boyfriend John Hennigan. Melina, however, aligned herself with Hennigan, who later changed his ring name to Johnny Nitro. Soon after, Nitro began teaming with Joey Matthews, later known as Joey Mercury. On November 10, the trio, now known as MNM, won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship.

MNM made their debut in WWE on the April 14, 2005 edition of SmackDown! by interrupting the first ever Carlito's Cabana interview segment. Rey Mysterio, one half of the WWE Tag Team Champions, was a guest. Melina insulted Mysterio and had Mercury and Nitro attack him. This led to MNM's first match the next week on SmackDown! for the tag team title. MNM won the match against Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero, giving them their first WWE Tag Team Title reign.

While managing the Tag Team Champions, Melina started wrestling against the other WWE Divas. She had her first match on June 30 against Michelle McCool. Her first pay-per-view match – a Bra and Panties match – was at The Great American Bash against Torrie Wilson. Melina won both matches.

On January 29, 2007, Melina became the number 1 contender for the WWE Women's Championship. On February 5 Melina lost a title match against Mickie James. On February 19, Melina won the Women's Championship from James. On April 24 at a show in Paris, France, Melina lost the Women's Championship in a Triple Threat match to James when James pinned Victoria. In a rematch on the same night, she pinned James to regain the title and become a two-time WWE Women's Champion.

On May 7 Melina was defeated in a tag team match when she was pinned by Candice Michelle. Melina lost to Candice in several tag team matches, as well as in non-title bouts over the next few weeks. At Vengeance, Melina lost the Women's Championship to Candice, and failed to wim the title back at The Great American Bash.


Amy Dumas

Amy Christine Dumas (born April 14, 1975)
better known by her ring name Lita, is an American retired professional wrestler and singer. She is best known for working with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) from 1999 to 2006. She became one of the most popular female wrestlers in the company's history.
After working for a short time on the independent circuit and in Extreme Championship Wrestling, Dumas began working with the World Wrestling Federation in 1999. Originally, she was paired with Essa Rios. She became more well know when she teamed up with Matt and Jeff Hardy as Team Xtreme. During her career, she won the WWE Women's Championship four times.

Dumas had an off-screen relationship with Matt Hardy. It ended in 2005 after her affair with Adam Copeland (then better known as Edge). WWE used the problems between them as part of a story during 2005 and 2006. The affair was part of the reason Hardy was fired in 2005, but he was rehired later in the year. As a result of her personal life, Dumas' character Lita became a heel for the first time.

After she stopped wrestling in 2006, she became the lead singer of punk rock band The Luchagors. The band released their self-titled CD, "The Luchagors" on September 11, 2007. She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014.

Since her retirement, Dumas has still worked for the WWE in many ways. She has been a trainer for many years. She still takes part in many events which use "Legends" talent. In 2023, she won the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship with Becky Lynch.



Mafic

Mafic is an adjective describing a silicate mineral or igneous rock which is rich in magnesium and iron. The term is a portmanteau, made up from "magnesium" and "ferric". 

Mafic minerals are usually dark in color and have a specific gravity greater than 3. Common rock-forming mafic minerals include olivine, pyroxene, amphibole, biotite and other micas, augite and the calcium-rich plagioclase feldspars. Common mafic rocks include basalt and gabbro.

In terms of chemistry, mafic rocks are on the other side of the rock spectrum from the so-called felsic rocks. The term roughly corresponds to the older "basic" rock class.

Mafic lava, before cooling, has a lower viscosity than felsic lava due to its lower silica content. Water and other volatiles can more easily and gradually escape from mafic lava, so eruptions of volcanoes made of mafic lavas are less explosively violent than felsic lava eruptions. Most mafic lava volcanoes are oceanic volcanoes, like Hawaii.


Specific gravity

Specific Gravity (SG) is a special case of relative density.

It is defined as the ratio of the density of a given substance, to the density of water (HO). Substances with a specific gravity greater than 1 are heavier than water, and those with a specific gravity of less than 1 are lighter than water.

formula_1
SG is by definition dimensionless and therefore not dependent on the system of units used (e.g. slugsft or kgm), assuming that the units are consistent. Based on the SG-value of a given substance, the density of that substance can be calculated.



Rosetta Stone

The Rosetta Stone is a stone with writing carved into it. There are 3 types of writing on the Rosetta stone; Greek, Egyptian, and another form of Egyptian writing. French soldiers found it in Egypt in 1799. It helped people get a better understanding of the Ancient Egyptian writing system called hieroglyphics. Its discovery led to the translation of Ancient Egyptian writing. The stone is named after the city where it was found, Rosetta (also called Rashid). The stone is now in the British Museum in London.

It had three pieces of writing on it that said the same thing in two different languages. Two pieces of writing were written in Ancient Egyptian, but in two different scripts: Demotic and hieroglyphics. The third writing was written in Ancient Greek.

The historians could already read the Greek. Using this knowledge they were able to work out how to read the Egyptian scripts.

The complete Greek text, in English, is about 1600–1700 words in length. The text is a royal decree from the Hellenistic period about the taxes of temple priests. It gives them back the tax privileges they had earlier. Some scholars believe that several copies of the Rosetta Stone might exist, as this proclamation must have been made at many temples.

The soldiers who discovered the stone were part of 1798 campaign in Egypt. It was given to the British as part of the surrender arrangements when French forces were caught in Alexandria by the Battle of the Nile and a larger force of British and Ottoman troops. The surrender and treaty is called the Capitulation of Alexandria. Under the treaty, the French had to hand over their archaeological discoveries to the British, and that included the Rosetta Stone.

The discovered part of the stone is 114.4 centimeters (45 in) high at its tallest point, 72.3 centimeters (28.5 in) wide, and 27.9 centimeters (11 in) thick.

These are some of the translated words on the stone:

Curtain

A curtain is a piece of cloth used to block light, water, or cold air from entering a place (some curtains are better at blocking than others because of the type of fabric used). Curtains are hung around showers to keep water off the floor around the shower. Curtains are also hung around windows to keep light from coming in. A curtain is raised and lowered during a play or other theatrical production. Curtains can come in many different colors and different types of fabric. It is also originally a French word.

Curtains can also be made from air.

Criminal record

A criminal record is a list of crimes that a person has done in the past. These records are kept by different law enforcement agencies.
People can get a criminal record by things like speeding, robbery, breaking and entering and murdering. Getting a criminal record can stop people from getting certain jobs and going overseas.

Visitor

A visitor is a person who does not permanently live in a place. If someone says "I am a visitor here", that means that they do not live in that place all the time.

In English and Welsh law it also means a person who can look at the working of a church, university or charity.


Espresso

Espresso is a type of Italian coffee that is concentrated. In order to make espresso, coffee beans are powdered and hot water is added under high pressure. This is done using an espresso machine or a macchinetta. Usually, espresso is made using 7 grams of coffee beans. This gives espresso a very strong flavor. Because espresso is so strong, it is usually mixed with other coffee drinks in small amounts.

There are many drinks that use espresso, such as latte, cappuccino, caffe mocha and caffe macchiato.

It is sometimes spelled expresso, with an X. There is some debate as to whether this is an acceptable spelling.


Damson

A damson is a kind of plum. Like the plum, it comes from the Rosaceae family. Originally, the fruit comes from the Mediterranean. Damsons are thought to be members of the 'European Plum' family, which also includes greengage, mirabelle, quetsche, and Italian prune plums. The damson is generally less sweet than other kinds of plum and is used in jams, jellies, and liqueurs.

Half-time

Half-time is the name of a break in the middle of a sports game. This break gives players a chance to rest. It also gives watchers of the game time to stretch, eat, or go to the bathroom without missing the game. During half-time, there is usually a show on the field of play. It may include a marching band or something like it. This is called a half-time show. There is a half-time show in the Super Bowl. Half time is usually 15 minutes, but in the Super Bowl it is usually about 30 minutes to give time for advertisements and performances. In Football, teams usually switch sides at the beginning of the next half. This also applies to Basketball.


Fluid mechanics

Fluid mechanics is the study of how fluids move and the forces on them. (Fluids include liquids and gases.)

Fluid mechanics can be divided into fluid statics, the study of fluids at rest, and fluid dynamics, the study of fluids in motion. It is a branch of continuum mechanics, a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms.

The study of fluid mechanics goes back at least to the days of ancient Greece, when Archimedes made a beginning on fluid statics. However, fluid mechanics, especially fluid dynamics, is an active field of research with many unsolved or partly solved problems. Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex. Sometimes it can best be solved by numerical analysis, typically using computers. A modern discipline, called "Computational Fluid Dynamics" (CFD), is devoted to this approach to solving fluid mechanics problems.

Fluid mechanics is a subdiscipline of continuum mechanics, as illustrated in the following table.



Fluid statics

Fluid statics (also called hydrostatics) is the science of fluids at rest, and is a sub-field within fluid mechanics. The term usually refers to the mathematical treatment of the subject. It embraces the study of the conditions under which fluids are at rest in stable equilibrium. The use of fluid to do work is called hydraulics, and the science of fluids in motion is fluid dynamics. Hydrostatic pressure is pressure that a fluid exerts when pushing against the sides of a vessel.


Meroë

Meroë (Meroitic: "Medewi" or "Bedewi") is the name of an ancient city. What remains of the city is on the east bank of the Nile about 6 km north-east of the Kabushiya station near Shendi, Sudan. It lies about 200 km north-east of Khartoum.
There are a few villages nearby. They are called Bagrawiyah.

Meroë was the capital of the Kingdom of Kush for several centuries. The Kushitic Kingdom of Meroë gave its name to the "Island of Meroë", which was the modern region of Butana, a region bounded by the Nile (from the Atbarah River to Khartoum), the Atbarah, Ethiopia, and the Blue Nile. The city of Meroë was on the edge of Butana and there were two other Meroitic cities in Butana, Musawwarat es-Sufra and Naqa. 

The site of the city of Meroë is marked by over two hundred pyramids in three groups. Of many of these pyramids, there are only ruins left.

In June 2011, the archaeological site of Meroë was listed by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites.

Saxe-Eisenach

Saxe-Eisenach () was the name of three different Ernestine duchies that existed at different times in Thuringia. The chief town and capital of all three duchies was Eisenach.

The first Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach was created in 1596 for Johann Ernst, younger son of Johann Frederick II of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach.

In 1633, the Wettin line died out, and Johann Ernst inherited it, but he died heirless in 1638, and the territories of Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Eisenach were split between Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Altenburg.

In 1640 Saxe-Eisenach was again separated off from Saxe-Weimar for Albert, son of John II of Saxe-Weimar, but after just four years he too died without an heir, and Saxe-Eisenach was then divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar, ruled by his brothers Ernst and Wilhelm.

In 1662 Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died, leaving four children: Johann Ernst, Adolf Wilhelm, Johann Georg and Bernhard. Adolf Wilhelm, got Eisenach, but he had to share this with his younger brother Johann Georg. Johann Georg eventually took an allowance from the duchy instead of taking part in the government, and moved to live in the small town of Marksuhl. Adolf William’s first four sons died soon after birth. In 1668 he died, just before of the birth of his fifth child, Wilhelm August, who became the new Duke of Saxe-Eisenach from his birth, with Johann Georg as regent. A sickly boy, he died in 1671 at only two years old, and Johann Georg I became the duke of Saxe-Eisenach.

Saxe-Eisenach changed again in 1672. Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg died and his lands were split. The line of Johann Georg I ruled Saxe-Eisenach for 69 years, until Duke Wilhelm Heinrich died heirless in 1741. Ernst August I of Saxe-Weimar, Wilhelm's second cousin, inherited Saxe-Eisenach; he and his successors ruled Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach in a personal union until 1809, when the duchies were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.

Created in 1572 as Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach<br>
1596 divided into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach
Divided between Saxe-Altenburg and Saxe-Weimar

Divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar

Line extinct

Merged with Saxe Weimar into Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach



Laxative

A laxative is a food or drug taken to make bowel movements easier, or to treat constipation. Sometimes taking powerful or lots of laxatives can cause diarrhea or a flatulence. 

Laxatives work by helping your intestines digest undigested food, and do not make you lose weight. Despite this, some people with eating disorders take laxatives in an attempt to lose weight.

Jebel Barkal

Jebel Barkal, also called Gebel Barkal, is a small mountain in Sudan. It is about 400 kilometers (248.6 miles) north of a city called Khartoum. This mountain is about high and has a flat top.

Dassault Mirage III

The Mirage III is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation. If first flew in 1956 and was introduced in 1961. It used a triangle wing (called a delta wing). It had 2 cannons and some missiles. Because it was an interceptor, an airplane made to shoot down enemy airplanes at high speed, it could go Mach 2.2. It was used by Israel in the Six-Day War.

Herbaceous plant

A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood and its stems are green and soft. These plants grow fast and produce flowers and many seeds in a short period of time.

In botany, the word for a herbaceous plant is herb (from Latin "herba", "grass") but it is common to use the word herb only for plants that are used in perfumes, medicines and for cooking, even if they are not herbaceous plants.

Herbaceous plants may be annuals, biennials or perennials. Most are annuals and die at the end of their growing season (the time when they produce flowers, fruits and seeds), leaving their seeds on the soil. Those seeds will produce new plants with good weather. Wheat and pea are annual herbaceous plants.

Biennial and perennial herbaceous plants will live for two or more years, but the stems that are in the air will die every year. The underground stems will form the new aerial stems (stems that are above the ground). Underground roots and stems can better resist bad weather (winter or a very dry season) than leaves and stems that are above the ground. Bulbs are biennial and peonies are perennial herbaceous plants.

Most herbaceous plants are small and their stems are not thick because they do not have much wood, but there are some big herbaceous plants. Bananas and papaya (a tropical fruit) are herbaceous plants but they look like trees. Papaya has a thick stem but without much wood.

Herbaceous plants are the first plants with flower that come to live in barren lands (lands without plant life), because they are small and produce many seeds. They are also found in places where the weather conditions are not good for most plants. They can use the little rain that falls in deserts. They can get enough heat to grow where the soil is covered with snow and ice most of the year, like in very high mountains.

Trophy

A trophy is an object given to someone because of an accomplishment. These are often given out through sporting events. 

A trophy can be in the shape of a cup, a bowl, a plaque, a mug (these usually painted or engraved with something), a human shape (like the Emmy Award), or a spaceship (like the Hugo Award for science-fiction). 

Trophies can also be an animal head. These are often taken as trophies by hunters.

In ancient times people would take heads or other body parts of enemies they had killed in a battle to show how good a warrior they were.
Many years ago (in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome) the winners did not get any trophy, only a wreath (a wreath is made of flowers and looks like a crown). The winner also got olive oil in a container that was similar to today trophies. In local games, the winners got different trophies, such as a vase or a silver cup.
In ancient Rome, the tradition of getting a trophy was slowly forgotten and money were given instead.
Trophies were introduced back in the world on large scale in last century. Football, rugby and baseball trophies were introduced.
Today trophies are mostly made from plastic and are easily accessible to public thanks to low prices.

Nickel Creek

Nickel Creek was an American acoustic musical group. Although the group's music has roots in bluegrass, Nickel Creek now calls itself "progressive acoustic". The band has three people: Chris Thile (mandolin), Sean Watkins (guitar), and Sara Watkins (violin). A fourth member also plays bass with the band. Chris Thile's father Scott Thile, Byron House, and Derek Jones have played bass with the group. Mark Schatz has played bass with Nickel Creek since 2003. The band has played songs by Radiohead, Elliott Smith, Bob Dylan, and even "Toxic" by Britney Spears. However, most of the songs the band play are originals.

The band started in California in 1989 with Scott Thile, Chris' father, playing the double bass. The oldest of the children, Sean Watkins, was only twelve years old at the time. In the early days, Nickel Creek made two albums: "Little Cowpoke" in 1993, and "Here to There" in 1997. 

Alison Krauss produced the album "Nickel Creek", which came out in 2000 on Sugar Hill Records. It was awarded a gold certification in 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Nickel Creek got two Grammy Award nominations for the album: Best Bluegrass Album and Best Country Instrumental for "Ode to a Butterfly". Three singles, "When You Come Back Down", "The Lighthouse's Tale", and "Reasons Why" were released with music videos, and the first two were on the US Country chart. The album itself topped the Billboard Heatseekers chart, and reached number 125 on the "Billboard" 200.

To help sell the album, Nickel Creek toured with artists like Lyle Lovett, Dolly Parton, Vince Gill, and Amy Grant.

In 2002, "This Side" came out and it was also produced by Alison Krauss. It reached number 18 on the "Billboard" 200, and was also made gold by the RIAA. "This Side" was different from the first album by adding more pop and rock. Chris Thile described the album in 2002: 

On the "This Side" tour of 2002 and 2003, Nickel Creek played shows as the main act for the most part, but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England, and played with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year. In 2003, Nickel Creek was on Béla Fleck's album "Little Worlds".

Nickel Creek also released three singles from "This Side": "This Side", "Speak", and "Smoothie Song". "This Side" appeared on the US Country chart, but the others did not chart with Billboard. However, "Smoothie Song" topped the AAA Contemporary chart for three weeks.

Nickel Creek released "Why Should the Fire Die?" in August 2005. The album brought even more rock and pop to Nickel Creek's sound, just as "This Side" did. Chris Thile talked about the band's genre and style in a 2005 interview from "JamBase": "We actually feel like more than a bluegrass band that stretched out. We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music. There's been a problem in perception. 'Bluegrass band leaves the fold' (uses a news announcer voice). No, no, no, no, no. Actually, it's a band that incorporates a little bluegrass into whatever the hell kind of music they play." Sean Watkins also said: 

On August 28, 2006, Nickel Creek announced on their website that they would not be together as a band anymore. The message was:
After the break was announced, a tour was scheduled. To say goodbye to their fans, the tour was named the "Farewell (For Now)" Tour, because the band does not know if they will get together again. The tour started in April 2007 and ended in November 2007 in Nashville, Tennessee. The tour had many guest appearances by musicians like Fiona Apple, Glen Phillips, Jon Brion, Bruce Molsky, Béla Fleck, and Tift Merritt.

When talking about Nickel Creek's last tour before the break, Sara Watkins said "A lot of the other stuff will be special in the way that anything is special when you realize that it’s not going to be around forever... Nothing is going be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek. I’m not looking for anything to top this. It can’t be duplicated in my life."




Six-Day War

The Six-Day War took place from 5 June to 10 June 1967 between Israel and a coalition of Arab states, led by Egypt. Israel won the war, which has had huge effects on the future of the Middle East. Israel has occupied Arab areas, such as the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, ever since. That has helped cause many wars between it and the neighboring countries and has led to the exile of many Palestinians.

After the World War I, Zionist ideals started to become a reality. Jews from Europe started moving to Palestine in the 1920s, when the territory was still under the British mandate. The migration led to conflict with the native Arabs. The foundation of the State of Israel in 1948 was not recognized by the Arab states, and its creation made Egypt go to war in 1948 and 1949 and become Israel's main enemy. 

The Suez Crisis in 1956 established a geopolitical situation that failed to solve the problems in the area. The crisis made the United Nations send troops to the Sinai Peninsula to maintain the peace between Egypt and Israel. The coming to power of the Baa'th Party in Syria in 1963; the establishment of the Palestinian Liberation Organization in 1964; and the alliance of Syria, Egypt, and Jordan in 1966 contributed to the rise of tensions, which eventually led to the war.

In May 1967, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser was informed by the Soviet Union that Israel was moving its troops on its border with Syria. Because of that false information, Nasser decided to expel the UN troops from the Sinai Peninsula and to move his army close to the Egyptian border with Israel. In the last days of May, other Arab countries such as Jordan and Iraq gathered troops and prepared for battle. The main event that led to the beginning of the war was Egypt's closing of the Tiran Straits on 23 May 1967. This blocked Israel's only access to the Red Sea.

At 7 a.m. local time, the Egyptian Air Force was taken by surprise by an aerial attack by the Israeli Air Force, and Operation Focus started. Israeli had been training the execution of its plan for a long time. To avoid being detected by the Egyptian radars, Israeli fighting jets flew low and kept radio silent. Because Israel's intelligence service had gathered all the crucial information over the years, all Israeli pilots knew where to find the Egyptian airfields and the exact location of each jet. That let them know which ones were the most powerful and so could become a danger to Israel. Israeli priorities were set clearly: destroy the runways so that no Egyptian jets could escape, the long-range bombers that were a threat to Israeli cities, and finally all other air force facilities. Within just thirty minutes, Egypt has already lost more than half of its air force.

After the first air attack, the ground war started in the Sinai Desert. Israeli troops moved forward quickly, but Egyptian intelligence initially told the troops stationed in the Sinai to let them pass since they believed it to be just a diversion of the actual main attack that was believed had not yet happend. That made it easy for the Israeli troops to reach the city of al-Arish well ahead of schedule, at 10 p.m.

Even though Egypt had lost almost all of its air force within one day of the war, but Defence Minister Abdel Hakim Amer pushed the storyline to the Egyptian government in Cairo, the country's population, and its Arab League allies that the Egyptian Army, after it had overcome the initial effect of surprise. destroyed much of the Israeli Air Force. That led to Jordan acting upon the joined defence treaty that it had signed with Egypt. At 10 a.m. Jordan started firing at Israeli facilities, both military and civilian. Jordan’s participation led to Syria and Iraq also participating in the war by attacking Israel from the east. Israel pushed back by attacking Jordan’s air bases and bunkers around Jerusalem; continuing its attack on Egypt, now from multiple directions; and quickly gaining more territory.

On the second day of the war, the Israeli troops captured al-Arish, the largest city of the Sinai Peninsula. The location is important since it is only 45 km from the Gaza border. Israel hoped that by splitting Gaza from the Sinai, it would make make Gaza fall more easily. Meanwhile, the air attacks by Israel continued, which led to an order by General Amer for the Egyptian troops to retreat. However, the retreat is very sudden, and the chaos led to the roads out of the Sinai being jammed with army vehicles and to troops falling prey to the Israeli jets. 

In the east, Syrian troops were busy firing at Israeli settlements, but the attack plan was quickly changed back to their defensive plan after continuous attacks from Israeli jets. Jordan also has to deal with Israeli air attacks, and the Israeli troops made their way closer and closer to Jerusalem. After Israeli had captureedc Ammunition Hill. in East Jerusalem, the road to the Old City of Jerusalem was safer for Israeli troops to pass through. Jordan’s possession of Jerusalem and the entire West Bank felt the pressure. With the Israeli troops surrounding it, the Jordanian Army was at risk of being stranded on the West Bank. King Hussein contacted Nasser and asked whether to retreat. Nasser eventually admitted the actual damages to the Egyptian Army and advised Hussein to evacuate the Jordan Army from the West Bank. Hussein sent out his order of retreat at 11:30 p.m., but two hours later, the possibility of an official ceasefire that would be ordered by the UN Security Council made Hussein urge his troops to maintain their positions in the hope that when the ceasefire started at dawn, Jordan would still be in possession of the West Bank and the Old City of Jerusalem.

On the third day of the war, Israeli troops hurried towards conquering the Old City before the proposed ceasefire came into effect. With less than 100 Jordanian soldiers left to defend the Old City the Israeli troops opened fire and reached the Western Wall. Jordan also lost other places in the West bank like Nablus, Jericho, and Bethlehem to Israel. 

On the other front, Israel starts Operation Lights, with its navy attacking the Gulf of Suez and its army successfully attacking Egyptian forces in the Straits of Tiran on land. The latter attack is successful and results in the Red Sea now being open again for Israeli ships to pass through. 

On the fourth day of the war, Israel went further into northern Jordan. By conquering the biblical city of Hebron, the war on the West Bank was over. Israel marked new border on the Jordan River . 

On the Sinai front, Egyptian troops were retreating towards the Mitla and Gidi Passes in the hope of crossing the Suez Canal and getting to safety on the Egyptian mainland. With the Israeli forces getting closer to the Suez Canal, Amer gave the order that all Egyptian troops must protect the Suez Canal from the west and that all passes to and bridges over the canal must be destroyed. However, that meant that retreating Egyptian troops from the Sinai could no longer cross the canal and get to safety. With the Israeli forces so close, Nasser agreed to a ceasefire.

On the northern front, in the Golan Heights, Syria continued firing at Israeli settlements, but most of its army waited safely in its bunkers for the ground fighting to begin. However, with the possibility of also a ceasefire between Syria and Israel, the planned operation by Israel to invade the Golan Heights  was temporarily put on hold. Syria’s ally, the Soviet Union, warned Israel that it should respect the pending ceasefire and that any continuing violence towards Syria could have serious results.

With the strong possibility of a ceasefire at all fronts, the war seemed to be coming to an end after only four days. Israel captured the entire West Bank and even the entire Sinai Desert.

On the fifth day of the war, Israel ordered an attack on the Golan Heights, with air attacks starting at 9:40am and shortly afterward overland attacks from multiple angles. However, the terrain of the Golan Heights is hard to manage and navigate for those who are not used to it, which slowed the Israeli Army and led its troops right into the arms of the Syrian Army. By 6 p.m., three Syrian military fords had fallen, but for Israel, that had taken many lives and the loss of much material. Also, its troops had gotten only up to 13 km into Syrian territory. On the other hand, the Syrian troops were aside from their frontline and so were still in quite good shape. The Syrian government was determined to reinforce those frontline troops as fast as possible and asked for reinforcement from its Arab allies, especially from its treaty partner Egypt, but there was no response from the Egyptian government.

Meanwhile in Egypt, Nasser held a speech on live television that took full responsibility for losing the war. Nasser announced his plan to step down as president and names a new president, Zakaria Mohieddin. Immediately after his speech, a spontaneous mass protest started in Cairo and asked Nasser to stay. Protests in other large cities around the Middle East also happened. King Hussein of Jordan even wrote to Nasser to ask him to stay, and Mohieddin publicly rejected the offered presidency. That led to Nasser deciding to stay as president and accepting the resignation of all of his generals who had fought during the war like Amer.

The fighting in the Golan Heights between Israel and Syria continued into the night. Israel was in a rush to capture the entire Golan Heights area before the ceasefire with Syria actually began. At 8:30 a.m., on the sixth and final day of the war, the Syrian commanders were losing control over their own troops. Syrian troops started blowing up their own bunkers and destroying all confidential documents. The city of Quneitra, only 75 km from Damascus, was reached by the Israeli troops. The Syrian government then decided to give the order for all troops to retreat and to reposition themselves around the capital.

In the meantime, the Soviet Union kept its word by cutting all diplomatic relations with Israel, and nine other communist bloc countries did so as well. Israel, afraid of possible military intervention by the Soviets, asked the United States for help, but no response was given by the White House. The Israeli government gave four more hours to the northern troops before it accepts the ceasefire since it still hoped to capture all of the Golan Heights. At 12:30 p.m., Quneitra was taken and then all of the rest of the Golan Heights was conquered, including Mount Hermon, the highest point in Syria. Only then was a ceasefire with Syria agreed upon by Israel. The war has come to an end.

The Egyptians had 50 runways and about 960 attack aircraft, and the Israelis had 300 attack aircraft. Before the war, Israeli pilots and ground soldiers had trained to make possible for one aircraft to go into mission even four times a day; the Arab air forces could complete only one or two missions a day. That let the Israeli Air Force start many attacks against Egypt on the first day of the war, destroy the Egyptian Air Force when it was still on the ground, and defeat the other Arab countries' air forces on the same day. The Arabs were so surprised that they wrongly believed that Israel had been helped by other countries, especially the United States.

On May 26, 1967, the Central Intelligence Agency stated, "The Israelis... If they attack now they... would still be able to drive the Egyptians away from the entrance to the Strait of Tiran, but it would certainly cost them heavy losses of men and matériel". A few days before the war, Israel believed it could win a war in 3 to 4 days. The Americans and the British believed that would take 7 to 10 days.

The Israeli Army had 264,000 soldiers, but not all of them were called to fight. Israel used about 40,000 troops and 200 tanks. The Israeli Central Command forces had five brigades. The first two (the Jerusalem Brigade and the Harel Brigade) were near Jerusalem. Mordechai Gur's 55th Brigade was called from the Sinai front. The 10th Armored Brigade was in the north of the West Bank. 

On the other side, Egypt prepared 100,000 of its 160,000 soldiers in the Sinai, including all of its seven divisions (four infantry, two armoured, and one mechanized), four independent infantry brigades, and four independent armoured brigades. Some of them were veterans of Egypt's participation to the Yemen Civil War. and others were reservists.

Arabs used mainly Soviet weapons, but Jordan also had American weapons and an air force of British aircraft. Egypt had the largest and the most modern of all the Arab air forces, with 420 combat aircraft; all of them had been given by the Soviets. Egypt also had MiG-21s and 30 Tu-16 "Badger" medium bombers, which were very powerful and dangerous for the enemy.

Israel won the war after 983 people had been killed, and many tanks and aircrafts had been destroyed. On the opposite side, Egypt lost 15.000 soldiers, Jordan 700 and Syria 2500. With its victory, Israel gained many territories: the whole Sinai Peninsula, the Gaza Strip, and the West Bank (including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights).That also meant that Israel now ruled gover one million Arabs, which led to the forced displacement of most of them soon after the war.

The victory of Israel had many different meanings. It was a defeat for the Arab countries but also for the Soviets, who had helped Egypt to maintain their power in the Middle East. More importantly, Israel had confirmed its supremacy in the region and proved to be very powerful despite its small size. Feelings of enthusiasm and optimism spread inside but also outside the country and convinced many Jews to migrate to Israel. Across the Arab world, violence rose against the Jewish communities. The war also resulted to a change of strategy for the Palestinian Liberation Organization, which had been founded in 1964 but only now became military active.

In an interview in late June 1967, David Ben-Gurion, a former prime minister of Israel, affirmed that his country would have accepted to give back the occupied territories in exchange of a definite peace treaty and its recognition of the by the Arab countries. Nasser and other Arab leaders decided not to accept those conditions. Their choice against further negotiations led to another conflict just a few years later, in 1973, called the Yom Kippur War. Israel won once again, but the war did not bring much change to the borders that had been on the ground since 1967. Eventually, Israel returned the Sinai Peninsula to Egypt in 1982 but kept the lands that it had acquired from Jordan. The UN requested Israel to retreat to the pre-1967 borders and to help form an Arab-Palestinian state, but negotiations and intermittent fighting continued, and the tensions with Palestinians in the territories occupied by Israel have never been solved.


Australopithecus afarensis

Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid. It lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago. "A. afarensis" was similar to slightly later "Australopithecus africanus". It had a slender build.

"A. afarensis" may be more closely related to the genus "Homo" than "A. africanus". "Homo" includes the modern human species, "Homo sapiens".

The most famous fossil is the partial skeleton named Lucy (3.2 million years old) found by Donald Johanson and colleagues, who, in celebration of their find, repeatedly played the Beatles song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".

Nakalipithecus

Nakalipithecus nakayamai is a fossil ape species. It was a discovery of a 10-million-year-old jawbone with teeth, in a volcanic mud in Nakali, Kenya. "N. nakayamai" is thought to have lived around 9.9 million to 9.8 million years ago. More teeth were found in the same place; eleven of them are thought to belong to this specimen. 


Defoliant

Defoliants are a type of chemical that destroys plants like trees, bushes and grass .

A very common defoliant is Agent Orange used by the US Airforce in the Vietnam War to destroy cover of the enemy. It killed the rainforest and caused birth defects as well as other illnesses among Vietnamese and US soldiers

Phoenix lights

The Phoenix Lights (sometimes called the "Lights over Phoenix") were a light phenomenon that occurred on March 13, 1997 over Arizona and Nevada, in the Southwestern United States. Some claim that they were UFOs. The governor of Arizona also said he thought they could be UFOs. The thing was V-shaped with 5 lights at the bottom of it in V-formation.

909

Year 909 (CMIX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Testing English as a foreign language

This page lists ways of testing English as a foreign language (EFL). It is for teachers of English who teach people whose first language is not English. It lists tests with brief descriptions.

The Cambridge exams are very popular in Europe. The University of Cambridge ESOL makes these exams. There are five exams for general English. Students take these exams in many schools. Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries.

The Cambridge exams test: 

The easiest exam is the KET. KET means "Key English Test". The KET is the start of the Cambridge exams. The KET tests basic English.

The PET is more difficult. PET means "Preliminary English Test". People with a PET know some English. They can survive social situations in English. They can also survive work situations in English. But they often find English difficult. They also make many mistakes.

The FCE is the most popular of the Cambridge English exam. FCE means "First Certificate in English". The FCE is good for many businesses. People with a FCE can use English. They sometimes find English difficult. Normally they have no problems with English. But they make mistakes.

The CAE is a difficult exam. CAE means "Certificate in Advanced English". The CAE is good for many universities. It is also good for many businesses. People with a CAE have no problems working in England or United States of America.

The CPE is the most difficult exam. CPE stands for "Certificate of Proficiency in English". People who have a CPE are very good at English. Their English is nearly as good as people who are from England or America. The CPE is good for universities. The CPE is also good for business. Many universities who teach courses in English want a CPE or CAE from foreign-language students.

There are two English exams systems for business. The "Business English Certificate" (BEC) is available at three levels comparable to PET, FCE and CAE. BEC means The BULATS "Business Language Testing Service" is a single examination which can offer organisations or individuals the opportunity of assessing their current language level.

The IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. This system is from the University of Cambridge, the British Council and IDP Education in Australia. It has one exam for academics or professionals, and one for people who want to live in an English-speaking country. Universities in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Canada and New Zealand often want an IELTS exam. IELTS is also becoming popular in North America. The IELTS tests speaking, listening, writing and reading.

The TOEFL is a very popular English exam. It is very useful for student who wish to study in the United States of America. TOEFL means "Test of English as a Foreign Language". The TOEFL is an academic exam. Many universities in America want a TOEFL exam.

In 2005 a new TOEFL was made. The new TOEFL uses Internet. Its name is "Internet-Based TOEFL" (iBT). The old TOEFLs did not stop. They are called "Computer-Based TOEFL" (CBT) and "Paper-Based TOEFL", but are not now available in all countries.

The TOEIC is a general English exam. TOEIC means "Test of English for International Communication". The exam has 200 questions. Every question is a multiple choice question. A multiple-choice question is a question where you choose which answer (e.g. a, b, c or d) is correct.

The result of the TOEIC is a number. This number is between 10 and 990. 990 is the best number. The TOEIC number is often used for jobs. Many jobs need a number higher than 600. Managers often need a number higher than 800.

LCCIEB means "London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board". The LCCIEB makes many English exams. Many businesses like LCCIEB exams.

The EFB means "English for Business". The EFB is a business English exam. It tests basic general English. It also tests more difficult business English.

The EFC means "English for Commerce". The EFC is a business English exam. It tests business writing. It also tests business skills. Business skills are ideas how to manage a business. The EFC is more difficult than the EFB.

The PBE means "Practical Business English". The PBE is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It also tests business listening. The PBE is for basic English. People with a PBE can have a basic business conversation.

The SEFIC means "Spoken English for Industry and Commerce". The SEFIC is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It is more difficult than the PBE. It tests difficult business speaking. It also tests difficult business listening.

The WEFT means "Written English for Tourism". The WEFT is an English business exam. It tests business speaking. It tests speaking at hotels. It also tests speaking in other parts of tourism. The WEFT also tests listening.

The BULATS means "Business Language Testing Service". The BULATS is a special exams for big companies. The BULATS are made for a company. The BULATS for another company is different.

Pitman exams are made by the City and Guilds Group. There are two important English exams by Pitman.

The ESOL means "English for Speakers of Other Languages". The ESOL tests English at many levels. The ESOL is good for going to many colleges. The "Spoken ESOL" is like the ESOL. But the Spoken ESOL only tests speaking and listening.

The EBC means "English for Business Communications". The EBS is a business English exam. There are three levels.

The CELS exams are English exams for people who want to study in England. CELS means "Certificates in Communicative Skills in English". The CELS exam comes from the old ARELS and Oxford exams; now they are Cambridge ESOL exams. The ARELS exam tests speaking and listening. The Oxford exam tests writing and reading. The new name of Arels and Oxford together is CELS.

There are three levels in the CELS exam. "Preliminary" is the easiest exam. "Vantage" is more difficult. "Higher" is the most difficult exam. People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English. These exams are good for universities.

This exam is different from some other exams because learners get one certificate (paper saying how good they are) for each part of the exam. A learner can have a high mark on the speaking certificate but a low one in writing, for example.

It is very difficult to compare English exams. Every exam is a little different.

In Europe, the ALTE says how different exams compare. The ALTE is the Association of Language Testers in Europe. It has 28 exam makers in it, and compares their exams in 24 languages. The ALTE says what learners can do at every step of learning. Because of this, they say the ALTE list is a "can-do" list. The ALTE list is a simple way to talk about the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEF). The CEF is from the Council of Europe.

This table shows what learners "can do" in normal English (not for work or studying) at the ALTE steps:

This table compares exams in ALTE:

There are many groups of teachers, professors, and other experts that do research on English language testing. Some of these may be have good information to help teachers understand testing better.



Eumetazoa

Eumetazoa is a clade which includes all major animal phyla except sponges, and a few other groups of animals, such as the Placozoa. The Eumetazoa have true tissues, neurons, and an embryo that goes through a gastrula stage. 



Bilateria

The Bilateria are animals which are bilaterally symmetrical. They have front and a back end, an upside and downside, and a left and right side. Most animals are bilateral.

Numbers are approximate; extinct species numbers cannot be known for most phyla.


Lyre

A lyre (pronounce to rhyme with "fire") is an instrument which is like a mixture between a harp and a guitar. It is held in one hand and the strings are strummed using the other hand. Lyres were among the first string instruments to be invented.

Oceanic crust

The oceanic crust is the part of Earth's lithosphere that is under the ocean basins.

Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks, or sima which is named for its magnesium silicate minerals. It is thinner than continental crust, and is about 7-10 kilometers thick, however it is more dense, having a mean density of about 3.3 g/cm.

Oceanic crust generally does not last longer than 200 million years. In the rock cycle, it is continuously created at oceanic ridges. At these ridges, hot magma rises into the crust and cools, pushing the crust apart at the ridge. The continuous formation of new oceanic crust pushes the older crust away from the mid-ocean ridge. As it moves away from the ridge, the crust becomes cooler and denser, while the sediment may build on top of it.




Continental crust

The continental crust is the layer of granitic, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks which form the continents and the areas of shallow seabed close to their shores, known as continental shelves.

It consists mostly of feldspar and other sialic rocks. It is less dense than the material of the Earth's mantle, which consists of mafic rock. Continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust, though it is considerably thicker; mostly 35 to 40 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7–10 km. About 40% of the Earth's surface lies on-top of continental crust.

The continental crust is separated from the oceanic crust by the continental margin.




List of cities in the United Kingdom

This is a List of cities in the United Kingdom. This list includes all places with city status.
<section end=pregrouptable />

Shift work

Shift work is a working practice which is designed to use all 24 hours of a day, and not only the standard working day hours.

A day for example can be divided into three eight-hour shifts. An employee only works one of the shifts in each day. The "first shift" is in the morning, the "second shift" is in the afternoon and evening and the "third shift" is overnight.

The "second shift", also known as the "swing shift" in some places, is the work shift which takes place in the afternoon and evening. It usually extends from 4 PM (16:00) to midnight, or from 3 PM (15:00) to 11 PM (23:00).

The "third shift", the "night shift", is usually from 11 PM (23:00) or 12-midnight (00:00) to 07:00 or 08:00 in the morning.

The World Health Organization (WHO) claimed in December 2007 that shift work might cause cancer but currently there is no evidence to support the claim

A study by Knutsson "et al." in 1986 showed that labors who work shift work in a production floor (papermill as per the research) for more than 15 years, are 3 times more likely to develop ischaemic heart diseases.

Étang Saumâtre

Étang Saumâtre (in English, "brackish pond") is the largest lake of Haiti. It is the second largest lake of Hispaniola, after Lake Enriquillo. It is also known as Lake Azuei. It is known as "Lago del Fondo" in the Dominican Republic. Its Taíno name was "Yainagua".

The lake is on the arid part of the Plain of the Cul-de-Sac. It is east of Port-au-Prince in the Ouest Department. Its eastern side is part of the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic; the Dominican city of Jimaní is at less than 1 km from the southeast end of the lake.

The salt-water lake has a length, from northwest to southeast, of . Its maximum width is . The total area is .

The water of the lake is dark blue. Its salinity is about one fifth (1/5) the salinity of sea water. Very few small rivers flow into the lake.

Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos. There are also American crocodiles and some fishes including tilapia. Because it is an arid region, the vegetation around the lake is poor with cacti and small shrubs.

Grumman F6F Hellcat

The F6F Hellcat was a United States Navy fighter aircraft made by Grumman during World War II. It first flew in 1942 and was introduced in 1943. It was supposed to be a little bit better than the F4F Wildcat, but became a big improvement. It was more powerful and could turn better. It was made to fight the Japanese A6M Zero. It was able to take off of aircraft carriers. It was also used by the navy as a "night fighter", with radar so it could fly at night. During the war, it had the most aces fly it. It was retired in 1954.

The Hellcat was a rival to the Vought F4U Corsair and had more aerial victories and participated in more missions. The F6F was equipped with Browning Machine Guns, and had external fuel tanks for longer range. It had the same engine as the F4U. The armor of the Hellcat was better than that on other aircraft.

Notes

Grumman F4F Wildcat

The F4F Wildcat was a fighter aircraft made by Grumman. It first flew in 1937, and was introduced in 1940. It was used in the Pacific during the early years of World War II. It could take off from aircraft carriers. During the war, it mainly fought the A6M Zero. Because the Wildcat was not beating the Zero, a new airplane was made called the F6F Hellcat. The Wildcat continued to fight in places where the Hellcat was too big, and was retired in 1945.

Mitsubishi A6M Zero

The Mitsubishi A6M Zero, often called just the A6M Zero or simply the Zero was a long range carrier ship-based fighter aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. The aircraft was built by Mitsubishi, making its first flight in 1939, and entering naval service in 1940.

The Mitsubishi A6M Zero was an amazing performing and nimble aircraft from the Japanese, most widely remembered for its performance in the Pacific War. The Mitsubishi A6M Zero (also known as ‘The Zero’) was a versatile fighter aircraft, usually used as ambush aircraft, bomber attackers and sometimes escorts. People would often rate the A6M a ‘Zero’ out of 10. 

It was the primary fighter used by Japan during the war. It was the primary enemy of US Naval aircraft such as the Grumman F4F Wildcat, Vought F4U Corsair, and later the Grumman F6F Hellcat, which was specifically designed to combat the Zero. The A6M Zero was the best fighter at the beginning of the Pacific war. However, late in the war, new American fighters were able to defeat it.


CONCACAF Champions League

The CONCACAF Champions League (originally called the CONCACAF Champions' Cup) is a football competition between the best club teams in North and Central America and the Caribbean. The teams are selected by the Central American and Caribbean Association of Football (the CONCACAF) because of their good performances in matches.

Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football

The Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football often referred to as just CONCACAF, is the organization that controls North, Central, and Caribbean football.



Mali Federation

The Mali Federation was a country in the west of Africa. Senegal and Mali came together and made this country. (Mali's name was French Sudan at that time). It started on April 4 1959 and it was controlled by France. However, it became independent on June 20 1960.

The Federation's prime minister was Modibo Keïta, and the government was in Dakar. The Federation ended a short time after independence because Senegal left on August 20 1960 because they had a disagreement about politics.

Value-added tax

Value-added tax (often called by its initial letters "VAT" or “V.A.T.”) is the English name of a tax that is added to things sold in the European Union. It is like a sales tax that is charged in some US States.

The tax is paid every time goods are sold.

The tax can be complicated to work out, because every business or person has to charge the tax, and have an to show they have paid some tax. The only person who pays the full amount of tax is the customer of the shop.

The government also charges VAT on some services. This is because some companies do not make a thing which can be used (goods) instead they do something to help a customer (that is, provide a service).

For example, a garage-owner might sell a spare part for a customer’s car. The garage-owner charges VAT because spare parts are “goods”. If the garage-owner helps the customer by fitting the spare parts into the car, the garage-owner would charge extra for his time, and would also charge VAT on the amount he charged for the service of fitting the parts.

VAT is not added to all products. Children's books and clothes do not have VAT.

Saxe-Coburg

Saxe-Coburg () was a country in today's Bavaria, Germany. It was part of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach after the Division of Erfurt in 1572. In 1596 Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was split, Johann Casimir got Saxe-Coburg and Johann Ernst got Saxe-Eisenach. When Casimir died in 1633, his brother Ernst of Saxe-Eisenach both countries until he died in 1638. Saxe-Coburg was then given to other Ernestine duchies.

It became again a duchy in 1681. From 1699, when Albrecht of Saxe-Coburg died without sons until 1735 it shared a ruler with the Duke of Saxe-Saalfeld. In 1735 the two duchies were merged as Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.



Deuterostome

Deuterostomes are a nephrozoan superphylum of bilaterian animals, a taxon above the level of phylum. It is not part of the usual system of classification.

They are bilateral animals, and are contrasted with the protostomes. Deuterostomes are distingued by their embryo: in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth.

These are the living phyla of deuterostomes:
This is an extinct deuterostome clade:

Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach

Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was one of the short lived Ernestine duchies. It only existed between 1572 - 1596 and again from 1633 - 1638. It was a part of the Holy Roman Empire, today it is within the federal states of Bavaria and Thuringia.

The duchy was created by the Division of Erfurt in 1572 when Coburg and Eisenach were split from the Duchy of Saxony-Weimar for Johann Casimir and Johann Ernst, the sons of Johann Friedrich II, the Middle.

The two princes at this time were still children, so the Elector August of Saxony was regent until 1586. This is when Johann Casimir and Johann Ernst becgan to rule the duchy. Johann Ernst retired to his hunting lodge in Marksühl, and in 1590 the two brothers divided the country. Johann Casimir kept Saxe-Coburg, and Johann Ernst took Saxe-Eisenach. Johann Casimir died in 1633so his brother Johann Ernst inherited his possessions, again were short and Coburg and Eisenach were reunited until Johann Ernst's death in 1638.

Johann Ernst also had no children, so the Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach line died out, out the territory was divided between the other Ernestine line.

Dennis Rader

Dennis Lynn Rader (born March 9, 1945 ) is an American serial killer. He murdered 10 people near Wichita, Kansas between 1974 and 1991. He was known as the BTK killer (or the BTK strangler). "BTK" stands for Bind, Torture, Kill. He was named this because that was what he did to the people he killed. Letters were written soon after the killings and sent to police and to local news outlets. They talked about the crimes. The letters had information which only the killer and police knew about the crimes. The letters stopped being sent for a long time. In 2004, they started being sent again. This led to him being located in 2005 and found guilty of the murders. Rader was sentenced to at least 175 years imprisonment.

Tom and Jerry Kids

Tom and Jerry Kids Show is a 1990 television series by Hanna-Barbera Studios. This follows Tom and Jerry as kids in their cat-and-mouse games. The show also contains segments featuring Droopy and his son Dripple (who would later star in their own short-lived spin-off, "Droopy, Master Detective"), Spike & Tyke (from the original "Tom & Jerry") and Blast-Off Buzzard (from "The CB Bears"). The original run lasted until 1994 when the show was canceled. In certain countries, the Tom & Jerry Kids shorts have aired separately on Boomerang until 2014.







Hannelore Kohl

Johanna Klara Eleonore "Hannelore" Kohl (née Renner; 7 March 1933 – 5 July 2001) was the wife of former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl (died 2017). She met him for the first time in Ludwigshafen, Germany, when she was 15 years old.

She was born in Berlin as Eleonore Johanna Renner, and later, she changed her first name to "Hannelore". When her husband was chancellor she set up the Hannelore Kohl "Stiftung" (that is the Hannelore Kohl Charity) and the Kuratorium ZNS, a foundation to help find a cure for illnesses of the central nervous system.

In 1945, when she was 12, she was raped by Red Army soldiers.

On 5 July 2001, Mrs Kohl was found dead in her home in Ludwigshafen. She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills. She was said to have suffered from photo allergy (sunlight burns the skin).

However, journalist Andrew Gimson, writing in "The Spectator" questioned official version of events, and so did the German newsmagazine, "Stern" and the BBC.

Kohl is known for her collection of German-style cooking recipes, "Kulinarische Reise durch Deutsche Länder" ("Culinary Journey through German Regions"), published in 1996.


Amber Benson

Amber Nicole Benson(born January 8, 1977) is an American actress, writer, movie director, and movie producer. She is best known for her role as "Tara Maclay", on the TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

Benson was born in Birmingham, Alabama. She had a mixed Christian and Jewish upbringing.

While still working on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", Benson wrote, directed, produced, edited, and acted in a movie called "Chance" (2002). The movie also featured her "Buffy" co-star James Marsters. After her time on Buffy, Benson began working on a series of animated movies for the BBC with co-creator Christopher Golden and animation company Cosgrove Hall. "Ghosts of Albion: Legacy" (2003) and its sequels are available on the BBC Cult website (http://www.bbc.co.uk/cult/ghosts/legacy/). In 2006, Benson released her second movie "Lovers, Liars and Lunatics" through her own production company, Benson Entertainment. The movie was partly paid for by the sale of special action figures of her character Tara from the "Buffy" episode "Triangle".

Benson also writes novels and comic books. She usually writes these with Christopher Golden. In 2003, Benson worked with Golden, Terry Moore, and Eric Powell of Dark Horse Comics to create the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Willow and Tara" comic book titled "WannaBlessedBe". During the same year, she worked with Christopher Golden and AJ (Ajit Jothikaumar) of Dark Horse Comics to create the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Willow and Tara" comic books titled "Wilderness #1" and "Wilderness #2". In 2005, Benson worked with artist Jamie McKelvie on a short story for the Image Comics collection "Four Letter Worlds". In 2006, Benson worked with artist Ben Templesmith on "Demon Father John’s Pinwheel Blues" published by IDW. Benson and Golden have also worked together on two supernatural thrillers: "Ghosts of Albion: Accursed" and "Ghosts of Albion: Witchery". These books follow the stories of Tamara and William Swift, characters from the BBC computer animated web movie "Ghosts of Albion: Legacy". In September 2007, Benson signed a three-book deal with Penguin Books. The first book is believed to be titled "Death's Daughter".

In 2003, she worked with director James Kerwin to produce her play, "Albert Hall", in Hollywood.

Benson sang in the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" musical episode "Once More, With Feeling". She sang on the songs "I've Got a Theory / Bunnies / If We're Together", "Under Your Spell" (her solo), "Walk Through the Fire", "Standing/Under Your Spell (Reprise)" and "Where Do We Go From Here?" She also sang "Toucha Toucha Touch Me" (aka "Creature of the Night") at VH-1's celebrity karaoke tribute to The Rocky Horror Picture Show.

On the November 11, 2000 episode of the radio show "Loveline", Amber (at age 23) said that she did not have a driver's license, that her mother drove her to the studio. As of 2007, Benson resides in Los Angeles, California. She is a vegetarian.







Walter Scheel

Walter Scheel (8 July 1919 – 24 August 2016) was a German politician (FDP).

Scheel was born in Solingen.
During World War II, he became a member of the Nazi Party and served in the Luftwaffe, the last years of the war as a Radar operator on a Me 110 night fighter.

He was federal minister of economic cooperation and development (1961–1966), but he persuaded the FDP to leave Ludwig Erhard's coalition government in late 1966. This forced elections in Germany, and Kurt Georg Kiesinger became chancellor.

In 1969 his party formed a new coalition with the Social Democrats. He became Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor. With Willy Brandt his foreign policy meant the Federal Republic of Germany promised not to try and get back the parts of Germany given to Poland and the USSR. The treaty with Poland actually defined the western border of Poland, not the border between Poland and Germany. It is the same thing, but meant Poland could sign a treaty with West Germany that described the border of East Germany.

When Brandt resigned on 7 May 1974, Scheel, was acting chancellor, for about a week, until Helmut Schmidt was elected Chancellor.

A few weeks later, Scheel was elected Federal President of West Germany, a post he held from July 1974 until June 1979.

Like most ex German presidents, Scheel retired from political life term ended. He sometimes appeared on political talk shows or events. At the funeral of the murdered businessman Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977, Scheel gave a speech entitled "shame".

Scheel died on 24 August 2016 following a long illness. Having lived to he holds the record as the longest-lived German head of state, either imperial or elected.

Norman Mailer

Norman Kingsley Mailer (January 31, 1923 – November 10, 2007) was an American writer and journalist. He was born in Long Branch, New Jersey and raised in Brooklyn, New York City.

Along with Truman Capote, Joan Didion, and Tom Wolfe, Mailer writes creative nonfiction, sometimes called New Journalism, but which covers the essay to the nonfiction novel. He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize twice and the National Book Award once on his journalism career. In 1955, Mailer, along with Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf, first published "The Village Voice", which was shown to the Greenwich Village. In 2005, he won the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters from The National Book Foundation.

Mailer died of renal failure in New York City.


The Lion King

The Lion King is an animated movie made by Disney in 1994. It was the most successful animated movie of the 1990s. The movie is about a young lion prince who learns about his role as king and in the circle of life. 

It is dedicated to Frank Wells. Wells was the president of The Walt Disney Company. He died in a helicopter accident shortly before the movie was released into theaters. The movie was the first full-length Disney movie with no human characters since "Bambi". 

Most of the voice acting was done by well-known actors. This includes Matthew Broderick, Nathan Lane, James Earl Jones, Jeremy Irons, Whoopi Goldberg, Cheech Marin, Rowan Atkinson, Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Frank Welker.

"The Lion King" is a musical. The music for the songs was written by Elton John. The lyrics were written by Tim Rice. Computer animation was used a lot to make the movie.

Many animals and birds gather to see Simba, who had just been born. Simba is the son of Mufasa and Sarabi, the King and Queen of the Pridelands (an area ruled by lions). The animals celebrate and rejoice. Scar, Mufasa's brother, is jealous because Simba will be king instead of him when Mufasa dies.

Scar lies to Simba about a called the Elephant Graveyard. Scar says that only brave lions go there. Simba and his best friend Nala find the Elephant Graveyard. They are chased by the three Hyaenas (their names are Shenzi, Banzai and Ed). Mufasa saves Simba and Nala and takes them both home. Mufasa talks to Simba alone. He explains to Simba that being brave is not about looking for danger.

Scar is angry with the hyenas because they did not kill Simba. It is shown that the hyenas are working for Scar. They plan to kill Simba and Mufasa so that Scar can become king and the hyenas can help him rule over the animals.

The next day, Scar takes Simba into a gorge. Scar has actually planned a wildebeest stampede. Simba is trapped in the gorge as the wildebeest run towards him. Scar tells Mufasa that Simba is in trouble. Mufasa rescues Simba but is left hanging on a cliff. Scar then throws Mufasa into the stampede and Mufasa dies. Scar blames Simba for the death of Mufasa and Simba runs away. 

Scar becomes king and tells everyone that Simba and Mufasa are dead. Simba runs to a desert and collapses. He is rescued by Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog. Timon and Pumbaa live in the jungle. Timon and Pumbaa look after Simba until Simba is an adult lion.

One day a female lion comes to the jungle and tries to kill and eat Pumbaa. Simba fights the lioness. Simba finds out that the other lion is his friend Nala. They are very happy to see each other and they fall in love. Nala wants Simba to go home and fight Scar because Scar is a bad king. Simba does not want go home because he thinks that he killed Mufasa. 

Rafiki comes to the jungle and takes Simba to a field. In the sky above the field, Mufasa's ghost appears and tells Simba that he must go home because Simba is the true king. After this Simba goes home. Nala, Timon and Pumbaa follow him. When they get there, they see that the land is dry and the animals have gone because the hyenas have destroyed the food chain (Scar let them).

Nala gathers all of the lions and they fight Scar's hyenas. Simba attacks Scar. Scar does not want to die and so he lies to Simba that the hyenas are to blame for everything. This angers the hyenas and they attack and eat Scar alive. Rain starts to pour and the circle of life is restored.

The movie was also made into an award-winning stage musical. The stage show first opened on November 13, 1997 in New York City. It has been a big success. A version opened later in London, England. It is one of the United Kingdom's biggest and most popular shows. Many other shows of "The Lion King" have been shown across the world.

This movie has a sequel called "".

In 2019, a computer animated remake was released.


Singing voices
Frank Welker provided most of the lion roars, as well as the vocal effects for the hyenas and the wildebeests. In addition, Cathy Cavadini, Judi Durand, Bill Farmer, John Fiedler, Daamen Krall, David McCharen, Mickie McGowan, Linda Phillips, Phil Proctor, David Randolph and Tara Strong provided additional voices.



When the movie was released, it was the most successful movie worldwide. It was behind "Forrest Gump" as most successful in the United States that year. The movie was the most successful animated feature movie of all time until "Finding Nemo". , the movie has earned with over 1 billion dollars worldwide.
"The Lion King" received many award nominations. These include the Academy Award for Best Original Score (by Hans Zimmer) and the Golden Globe award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. It won both. The song "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" by Elton John and Tim Rice won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, the Golden Globe for Best Original Song, the BMI Film Music Award, and the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance Male.

Other awards include:


"The Lion King" was so successful that Disney created a sequel called "" and a television series called "The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa". A second sequel, "The Lion King 1½", was released on February 10, 2004. A preschool series called The Lion Guard was released on Disney Junior.

"The Lion King" had a special edition that was released in IMAX cinemas.

In one scene of the movie, it looks as if animators had accidentally written the word "sex" into some of the frames of animation, but that was a word that was vulgar and indicates sexual promiscuity. However, they wanted to show the letters "SFX" (meaning "special effects"). Because of that, in "The Lion King" DVD the word has been taken out. Now, the word now reads correctly as "SFX".

"Kimba the White Lion" is an animated television program from the 1960s. It was made in Japan by Osamu Tezuka. Some characters and parts of the story in "The Lion King" are similar to "Kimba the White Lion" but Disney has said that it was not done on purpose.

In one scene with Timon and Pumbaa, they both sing "The Lion Sleeps Tonight". This has caused problems between Disney and the family of South African Solomon Linda, who composed the song (originally titled "Mbube") in 1939. In July 2004, the family went to court, seeking $1.6 million in royalties from Disney. In February 2006, Linda's family reached a legal settlement with Abilene Music, who held the worldwide rights and had let Disney us the song.

Upon its release, some critics complained that the hyenas in the movie were negative (bad) racial stereotypes of African-American people and Hispanic people.

In August 2007, the Hamas terrorist group made an animated propaganda movie that made fun of the style of "The Lion King". The programme was shown on their television station, "Al-Aqsa TV". Hamas was shown as a lion that chased and killed rats that looked like members of the secular Fatah group in Gaza. The programme was shown for a short time but was taken off the air for changes.



Kelly Osbourne

Kelly Michelle Lee Osbourne (born 27 October 1984, in London) is an English singer and actress. She is the daughter of the singer Ozzy Osbourne.

Osborne is one of the co-presenters in the E! programme "Fashion Police". She also presents a programme on BBC Radio 1 called "The Surgery" on Sunday evening. Her duet song with her father, singer Ozzy Osbourne, "Changes", received much praise.


Marie-Antoine Carême

Marie Antoine (Antonin) Carême (8 June 1784 – 12 January 1833), was a French chef and author. 

He is well known for greatly simplifying and writing about the style of cooking known as "haute cuisine", the high art of French cooking. He was known as "chef of kings and king of chefs", because he cooked for royalty, and is often thought of as the first celebrity chef.

Carême was born Paris, but was abandoned in 1792 because his parents were very poor. He worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap Paris cafe in exchange for a room and food. In 1798, he was apprenticed to Sylvain Bailly, a famous "pâtissier" (cake baker) with a shop near the Palais-Royal.

Carême gained fame in Paris for his cake centrepieces, which Bailly put in the pâtisserie window. The centerpieces were sometimes several feet high, and were only made out of foodstuffs such as sugar, marzipan, and pastry. He modelled them on temples, pyramids, and ancient ruins which he read about in the books he studied at the French national library (Bibliothéque Nationale). Some of his sugar works were so strong that court jesters could dance on them to entertain the king.

Carême also worked for other people, for example the French diplomat and gourmand Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord, and other members of Parisian high society, including Napoleon. When he worked in the private kitchens he quickly learned about main courses.

Napoleon was not interested in having fancy food, but he knew of social contacts that were important for diplomats. In 1804, he gave Talleyrand money to buy Château de Valençay. When Talleyrand moved there, he took Carême with him.

Carême was set a test by Talleyrand: he had to create a whole year’s worth of menus, without repeating them, and use only food that was in season. Carême passed the test and finished his training in Talleyrand's kitchens. When Napoléon was defeated Carême went to London for a time and served as "chef de cuisine" to the Prince Regent, later George IV. He returned to Europe to work for Czar Alexander I in St. Petersburg, before returning to Paris, where he was chef to banker James Mayer Rothschild.

He died in Paris at the age of 48, and is buried in the Cimetière de Montmartre in Montmartre.

Talleyrand encouraged Carême to start a new refined style of eating.

Carême's is said to have started "service à la russe" (serving each course in the order printed on the menu) instead of "service à la française" (serving all dishes at once) 



X Window System

The X Window System is a set of protocols and programs. It is also known as X11, or simply X. It can manage windows, and other components of a graphical user interface (GUI) on a bitmap display. This way of doing graphics is most common in Unix-like operating systems.

X provides the basic components to build GUI environments: drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse or a keyboard. X does not say what the user interface should look likedifferent client programs handle this. Different X11-based environments have radically different designs. X is not a part of the operating system; instead, it is built as an additional program on top of the operating system.

Unlike display protocols from before, X was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on a display near the computer. X has network transparency: the machine where an application program (the "client" application) runs need not be the user's local machine (the display "server").

X was developed at MIT in 1984. The current protocol version, X11, appeared in September 1987. The X.Org Foundation leads the X project, with the current reference implementation, version 11 release 7.7 (6 June 2012), available as free software under the MIT License and similar permissive licenses.

Mammaliaformes

Mammaliaformes ("mammal-like") is a clade which contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives.

Living members of the clade include the monotremes (Monotremata), marsupials (Marsupialia) and the eutherians (Placentalia).

Mammaliforms have highly specialized molar teeth, with cusps and flat regions for grinding food. This is a single inherited system in present mammals, but it seems to have evolved convergently in pre-mammals more than once. Instead of having many teeth that are frequently replaced, mammals have one set of baby teeth and later one set of adult teeth which fit together precisely. This may help to grind food, and make it easier to digest.

Lactation (milk) and fur, along with other features, also characterize the Mammaliaformes, though these traits are difficult to study in the fossil record. The fossilized remains of "Castorocauda lutrasimilis" are an exception to this.

Fossils of Mesozoic proto-mammals are scarce. There were only 116 in 1979, but this has changed in recent times. There were about 310 in 2007, with an increase in quality: there are "at least 18 Mesozoic mammals [with] nearly complete skeletons".

There is still some truth in the "small, nocturnal insectivores" stereotype, but recent finds show that proto-mammals gradually developed a variety of lifestyles. For example:


This paints a picture of small-sized mammals being already quite successful and diversified in the Jurassic and early Cretaceous.

In some sources Class Mammalia takes the place of Mammaliaformes, and includes all members of that clade.


Pineal gland

The pineal gland is a small endocrine gland in the middle of the brain of humans and other vertebrates. It makes and releases the hormone named melatonin.

There is almost no melatonin in the blood in the daytime. At the end of the day, melatonin in the blood allows sleepiness in humans and other animals which sleep at night. There is melatonin in the blood all night, while the person or animal is sleeping. In the morning, there is less and less melatonin in the blood. When light enters the eyes, the melatonin of the blood goes away.

Some people have circadian rhythm sleep disorders which make them sleepy much earlier or much later than normal. The most common one is Delayed Sleep-Phase Disorder (DSPD, or Delayed Sleep-Phase Syndrome, DSPS). People with DSPD usually go to bed at 3 in the morning or later but they sleep normally for at least eight hours.


Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid

γ-Hydroxybutyric acid (gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid, commonly shortened to GHB) is a chemical substance. Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals. It can also be discovered in wine, beef and small citrus fruits. 

In the central nervous system, GHB interacts with other neurotransmitters, such as gamma-Aminobutyric acid (GABA). 

Many countries have regulated it as an illegal drug, even though it can be used in medicine. It can be used as an anesthetic, and a sedative. In the past it has been used to treat insomnia and depression. It can also help people who have a problem with alcoholism or cataplexy. In patients with narcolepsy it has been used to treat sleepiness during the day. Athletes have used it to make their performance better.

The drug has been used as a recreational drug. This is because it can make a person euphoric. Many countries have made it illegal if it is not used as medicine. Its most common name as an illegal drug is probably liquid Ecstasy. However, ecstasy is a different drug that is unrelated to GHB.

GHB is naturally produced in the human body's cells. Its chemical structure is similar to that of ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate. As a supplement or drug, it is used most as a salt. GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation. Small amounts of the substance can be found in some beers and wines. 

GHB can cause 'GHB comas'. This is when people faint or become unconscious. This is what causes most deaths.

GHB is a depressant of the central nervous system. Its effects have been described as similar to those of alcohol or ecstasy. People feel in a good mood. They also lower their inhibitions. If the dose is increased, the symptoms include nausea, drowsiness, breathing problems, amnesia, unconsciousness and death. The effects of GHB last between 1.5 and 3 hours, but may be longer. The effects when alcohol is used together with GHB, can last longer than 3 hours.

Certain substances called "pro-drugs", are changed to GHB in the stomach. One such drug, is gamma-butyrolactone. Such products are also a problem. Lots of them are used in industrial processes. An example of this are paint strippers. What is fine for use in industry may be bad for humans.

Some street names, especially when mixed with other substances such as amphetamines, can be Soap, Water, Salty water, Blue water, and Grievous Bodily Harm.

Reichsmark

The Reichsmark (which was shown with the symbol RM) was the currency in Germany from 1924 until June 20, 1948. One Reichsmark was subdivided into 100 "Reichspfennig".


Plum (color)

Plum is a color similar to purple. The name comes from the fruit called a plum.

The first written use of "plum" as a color name in English was in 1805.


Co-operative Party

The Co-operative Party is a small centre-left political party in the United Kingdom that supports cooperative ideas and values. Its candidates must be members of the Labour Party as well, and stand as "Labour and Co-operative Party" candidates.

It is the political part of the wider British co-operative movement, and all members of the party must be members of a co-operative business. Those who want to stand for election must also be members of the Labour Party.

Most of the party’s money is from grants made by the retail co-operative societies, and from the fee charged for managing the political affairs of Co-operatives UK, formerly known as the Co-operative Union. Local parties are not based on constituencies, but around a major local retail society, which gives most of the money a local Party Council has. The Party council organises local branches to organise local activity and liaise with Constituency Labour Parties. Some Parties exist without Society support, known as voluntary parties.

At first the Co-operative Party was mostly concerned with the problems of the co-op movement. Since the 1930s it has become a more mainstream political, but it still wants better recognition and protection for co-operative business, the social economy, and to advance support for co-operatives and co-operation across Europe and the developing world. The party also stands for a sustainable economy and society.

In 2005 there were 29 MPs in the Co-operative Parliamentary Group, who are also members of the Parliamentary Labour Party in the British House of Commons, 8 Members of the Scottish Parliament, 4 Members of the Welsh Assembly and 11 Members of the House of Lords, as well as over 700 local councillors. There is also an informal Co-operative Party group in the European Parliament.

The election agreement between the Co-operative and Labour Parties means that 30 candidates can stand as "Labour Co-operative" candidates, and get money for election expenses from the Co-operative Party. There are many other Labour MPs who are Co-operative Party members but are not sponsored. One of these was Gareth Thomas MP, chair of the Co-operative Party since 2001 and of the Co-operative Congress in 2003, who was invited to join the parliamentary group in 2003. The Party has not registered a logo with the electoral commission for use on ballot papers, as candidates use the Labour Party "Rose" logo. Under UK law a party and a logo must be registered if either are to be used on a ballot paper in an election

The Party holds an annual conference. The 2006 conference was held in Sheffield in September 2006.

The current General Secretary is Michael Stephenson.

The "Joint Parliamentary Committee" was set up in 1881 by The Co-operative Union. It was not set up to get MPs elected, but to watch over what was happening in parliament, and to lobby sympathetic MPs. The Co-operative Union Annual Congress tried to get a regular party set up but the retail societies would not give any money.

At the start of the war, the many retail societies in the Co-op movement grew, partly because they were very public about "anti-profiteering". Making a large profit in war time was seen as not being patriotic or helping the country. When conscription (men were ordered into the army) was started and food and fuel supplies restricted, the co-op societies began to suffer. The co-ops were started by ordinary workers, but the government distribution committees and draft tribunals were usually run by members of the upper classes and gentry. Co-ops smaller amounts of food to sell, and coop managers were often drafted, whereas business opponents were able to have even clerks declared vital for the war effort. Co-op Societies were also made to pay "excess profits tax" even though as co-operatives they made no profits.

The 1917 Congress in Swansea decided to set up a Co-operative Party, the decision was passed by 1979 votes to 201.

An Emergency Political Conference was held on 18 October 1917. As a result, the "Central Co-operative Parliamentary Representation Committee" was formed in 1917, with the objective of putting co-operators into the House of Commons. This was soon renamed the Co-operative Party.

At first the party put forward its own candidates. The first was H J May, later Secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance. He was unsuccessful at the 1918 Prestwich by-election.

Ten people stood in the 1918 general election. One candidate was elected: Alfred Waterson who became a Member of Parliament for the Kettering seat. Waterson took the Labour whip in Parliament. In 1919, 151 Co-operative Party local councillors. Waterson retired from Parliament in 1922, but four new Co-operative MPs were elected that same year, including A.V. Alexander. All of them took the Labour whip. Six were elected in 1923 and five in 1924.

However, since the 1927 Cheltenham Agreement, the party has had an electoral agreement with the Labour Party, which allows for a limited number of "Labour Co-operative" candidates. This means that the parties do not waste resources by opposing each other. The agreement has been changed several times, most recently in 2003. The 2003 agreement was the first between the Labour Party and the Co-operative Party, instead of the Co-operative Societies. After the first formal agreement, nine Labour Co-op MPs were elected at the 1929 general election, and Alexander was made a cabinet minister. However, only one was returned at the 1931 election against the backdrop of a massive defeat for Labour.

The Labour party recovered from the bad election of 1931 and was in government during World War II. This helped the Co-operative Party through the formal election links.. In 1945, 23 Labour Co-op MPs were elected and two had high office in the Labour government - Alexander and Alfred Barnes, who had been chair of the Party.

After the war the co-operative movement declined and so did the influence of the Party. By 1983 only eight Labour Co-op MPs were elected. However, in 1997, all 23 candidates won seats in Parliament and, in 2001, only one was defeated, Faye Tinnion who had stood against the Leader of the Conservative Party, William Hague. Gordon Brown is very interested in the co-operative principles of self-help, and this support allowed the co-operative movement to make representations, and sponsor important bills on updating company law, employee share ownership and micro-generation of energy.



See and List of Labour Co-operative Members of Parliament for wider lists.

Nicholas Russell, the 6th Earl Russell (and grandson of the philosopher, 3rd Earl Bertrand Russell) is a strong supporter of the Co-operative Party and secretary of its Waltham Forest branch; he is vocal in his call for the abolition of the House of Lords.



Bánica

The Dominican city of San Francisco de Bánica, or simply Bánica, is a municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti and near the River Artibonite.

The name Bánica comes from the Taíno name of the region, Banique ("land of ebony trees").

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 2,112: 1,043 men and 1,069 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The town was founded in 1504 by Diego Velázquez, who later went to conquest the island of Cuba, on the left side of the Artibonite river. It was an important town in those years but later it lost its importance. In the 18th century, the Spanish government moved the city to its present place, away from the river, and brought families from the Canary Islands to live there.

When the Haitian independence, most of the people moved to other places. When the Haitians occupied the eastern part of the island (the present Dominican Republic), they founded again the town as part of the Artibonite department.

After the Dominican Independence in 1844, the town was made a municipality of the Azua province. But again the town was abandoned by its inhabitants. After the "Restoration War" (1863 - 1865), some families from other towns near the Haitian border came to live in Bánica.

Bánica was made a municipality of the San Juan province in 1938 and then, in 1942, of the new province of Elías Piña.

Bánica is at to the west of Santo Domingo and to the northeast of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Pedro Santana to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Comendador to the south and Haiti to the west.

The average daily temperature in the city is 25.4 °C.

The municipality of Bánica has two municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city.


Quillaja saponaria

Soap bark tree ("Quillaja saponaria") is a tree of the family "Quillajaceae". In commerce, it is known as Panama wood. The tree grows naturally from warm temperate central Chile north to Bolivia and Peru. It can grow to to high. The Soap bark tree gets its name because the inner bark can be made into a powder which can be used as soap. Its compounds are also used as foam in beer and other drinks. The tree also has medicinal uses. 
Quillay is an evergreen tree, with grey bark. Alternate leaves, glaber, acute apex and obtuse base, bright green, near entire margins with 4-8 teeth. Flowers light green or white, hermaphrodite, pentamer, radiate. Five petals, 5 sepals, 10 stamens and 5 pistils. Fruit: a star-shape capsule, with winged seeds.

Clarence E. Anderson

Clarence Emil "Bud" Anderson (born January 13, 1922) is a retired officer in the United States Air Force, a triple ace of World War II, and the highest scoring living American fighter ace. During the war he was the highest scoring flying ace in his P-51 Mustang squadron. Towards the end of Anderson's two combat tours in Europe in 1944 he was promoted to major at 22, a young age even for a highly effective officer in wartime. After the war Anderson became a well regarded fighter test pilot, and a fighter squadron and wing commander. He served his wing commander tour in combat in the Vietnam War. He retired as a full colonel in 1972, after which he worked in flight test management for McDonnell Douglas. A member of the National Aviation Hall of Fame, Anderson has remained a sought-after speaker at aviation and military events well into his 90s.

On December 2, 2022, Anderson was promoted to the honorary rank of brigadier general by Gen. CQ Brown Jr., the Air Force chief of staff at the Aerospace Museum of Oklahoma 

Wild Weasel

A Wild Weasel is a nickname for an aircraft in the United States Air Force that is supposed to destroy enemy anti-aircraft guns, surface-to-air missiles, and other ground attack weapons by seeking them out with radar and destroying them with missiles.

The idea was first thought of in 1965 during the Vietnam War, because North Vietnamese surface-to-air missiles, or "SAMs" were destroying American aircraft. The first Wild Weasel airplane was the , a variant of the F-86 Sabre. In 1966, the F-105 Thunderchief took the job.

After that, a new kind of F-4 Phantom IIs, the "G" model was used as a Wild Weasel. During the Gulf War of 1991, Wild Weasel missions were done by the F4-G and not theF-16 Fighting Falcon, a light fighter-bomber that can also battle enemy fighter aircraft. Currently, the F-16CJ does this. They were being used in the Iraq War.

In the Vietnam War, the main missile used by Wild Weasels was the . Currently, some of the weapons used by the Wild Weasel planes includes the and the air-to-ground missiles. They can also have ALQ-131 and ALQ-184 pods that can mess up enemy radar.

Republic F-105 Thunderchief

The F-105 Thunderchief was a bomber during the Vietnam War. It first flew in 1955, and was introduced in 1958. It was used as a bomber, but was later replaced by the F-4 Phantom II and the F-111 Raven. But it was still in service for a while as a Wild Weasel. It could carry an electronic counter-measures pod that could mess up the enemy radar.

Labour Co-operative

Labour Co-operative or Labour and Co-operative is the name used in the United Kingdom to describe politicians who are elected as members of the Co-operative Party.

The electoral agreement between the Labour Party and the Co-operative Party says that the Co-operative Party candidates must be members of the Labour Party as well.

Heraldic badge

A heraldic badge is not a part of an armiger's achievement of arms, but it is granted by the same body.

The badge is designed to be used by the supporters of an armiger. A mediaeval knight would be granted arms by letter patent, but his supporters or followers would not be allowed to display that achievement, instead they would use a badge to help identify themselves to each other and to other people.

Today, many English towns and cities have an achievement of arms. Usually the mayor and council are the only ones allowed to used the full coat of arms. The departments of the council use a badge, and it is the badge which is painted on council vehicles etc. to identify them.

Badges, like the arms, can only be used with the permission of the person to whom they were granted.

The "Prince of Wales's Feathers" is the badge of the heir apparent of the British monarch. The badge is used because the coats of arms of the prince and the monarch are very similar.

Postal code

A Postal code is a series of numbers or letters and numbers used by a post office to help identify where a letter or parcel should be sent.
The code can be read by machines, this speeds up sorting mail.

In the United Kingdom the first part of the post code has one or two letters and one or two numbers. This identifies the post town and an area in the post town. The second part is used to identify an even smaller area, down to just one street or a few house in a long street.

The post town is the main town in an area. Sometimes this is a lot bigger than the real town. Ipswich, for example is the post town for most of east Suffolk.

In Europe most postal codes are all numbers. Often the one or two letter country code is put in front of the code to make sure that towns and cities are not mixed up, or for international post.

In France the first two numbers of the postal code relate to the department. Codes for Monaco start with 98 as if it was part of France, but has the letters "MC" instead of "F" for international mail.


Bethlehem Housing Authority

The Bethlehem Housing Authority (BHA) provides social housing in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

The Bethlehem Housing Authority was formed in 1939. Its job was to build houses for the people living in Bethlehem, which is a city in eastern Pennsylvania.

The National Housing Act (1937) was one of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's first tries to make better the living conditions of Americans badly affected by the Great Depression of the 1930s. Bethlehem's Housing Authority was one of the first in the nation. Robert Nuemeyer became the Authority's first executive director in 1939. BHA's first board consisted of chairman (and mayor) Robert Pfeifle, Weir Jepson, Merritt Kreidler, Lt. Colonel William Coyle and Andrew W. Litzenberger.

The first thing the BHA built was "low-income public housing". That means the houses were built for people who did not earn a lot of money, and they were not built to be sold to make money. The new houses were called Pembroke Village. They were on reclaimed farmland in the northeast part of the city. This area was near the border with the boroughs of Freemansburg, Steel City and Bethlehem Township.

Pembroke Village was planned to have 202 houses or apartments, and a community building/office. At about this time, the US entered into World War II. The war meant there was very little building in the US. But Bethlehem Steel's factory was more or less turned over completely toward providing goods for the war effort. Thousands of workers were brought into Bethlehem to help the plant work for 24 hours a day. This meant a lot of houses were needed in the city. The government and the housing authority got extra land and built three communities as "temporary war housing". 700 homes for these workers were built at Parkridge, South Terrace and Clearfield. Pembroke Village was hurried to completion and its 202 units were set aside as "permanent war housing", meaning that at the end of the war, Pembroke would revert to low-income housing, while the others would be demolished.

After the end of WWII, Bethlehem had another housing crisis. Men were leaving the armed forces and going back home. From about the start of 1946, the population of the United States increased greatly. In Bethlehem the city population increased from 50,000 to 75,000 by 1960.

This meant that a lot of affordable housing was needed. The BHA decided to keep the Parkridge, South Terrace and Clearfield units and use them as public housing.

The BHA also planned to build another 500 - 600 units next to Pembroke on a former family farm along Pembroke Road. These buildings would increase Bethlehem's public housing stock to more than 1,400 units.

By June 1950, firms had offered to build Fairmount for $962,000.00. By the end of the year, the Marvine Village bid was also approved for $3.9 million. A lot of the Fairmount project was paid for by the State of Pennsylvania. It stayed part of the state's housing inventory until the late 1970s.

By 1952, Mr. Nuemeyer became ill and stepped down. He was replaced by Ralph J. Bartholomew, who was a longtime member of the banking community. During Mr. Bartholomew's tenure, the housing authority started an expansion program designed to help the growing needs of the elderly population.

In 1962, BHA showed plans for its first development designed for older people. The "Robert Pfeifle Homes", was a 50 unit community in the northeast area. It had ten buildings.
They were among the very first of their type in the United States. In the next ten years, the BHA would design and build more public housing for seniors, including the "Litzenberger House", the "Bodder Building" and the "Bartholomew Building" and the "Monocacy Tower". BHA www.bha645.com now has some 450 apartments to serve the older adults in need of affordable housing.

At around this time, Mr. Bartholomew died and his successor was brought in from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Frank V. Loretti, with a background in labor relations became the BHA's third director.

Frank Loretti wanted to modernize the way the authority worked and was organized. He wanted to use computers for the authority's records and other functions. In addition, the board wanted to begin an authority-wide building modernization program.

During this time a plan was formulated to address the authority's aging infrastructure. The war-time era South Terrace, Parkridge and Clearfield projects were demolished. South Terrace and Parkridge were rebuilt between 1985 and 1991 and all other buildings were modernized, using capital fund money, which was made available by the federal government.

Also during this period, various management functions were centralized for greater organization and efficiency. The maintenance shops were also centralized within one modern facility in 1978. A Central Supply facility was dedicated in 1977.

The current executive director is Clara A. Kendy (2004). Today, BHA's challenge is similar to all other housing agencies. Federal subsidy reductions of up to 15% have caused housing authorities to become leaner and to look toward innovation in order to succeed.

BHA has several new ideas, including homeownership initiatives where the authority connects eligible tenants with opportunities to help them own their own home. One such example is a partnership with Habitat For Humanity. Economic self-sufficiency is a goal that BHA continuously tries to help its residents achieve.

Today, the Bethlehem Housing Authority manages 1,430 conventional housing units within ten developments serving the city of Bethlehem. In addition, there are nearly 500 Housing Choice Vouchers available for eligible families. HCV was formerly known as "Section 8" housing. The authority also has various recreational and social programs for tenants of all ages.

In 2007, BHA's new First Tee Golf Learning program received a national merit award, recognizing it as an innovative recreation/learning program for children. During its 70th anniversary in 2009, it proudly broke ground for a brand new community in northeast Bethlehem. The first "Bayard Homes" will be rented during the first months of the year (2011).


Surgeon

A surgeon is a medical practitioner who is qualified to practice surgery.

Les Six

Les Six (pronounced "Le sees") is French for "The Six". Les Six were a group of six French composers who were friends around the year 1920. They were young at the time, and they shared a lot of ideas about music. The composer Erik Satie called them "Les Nouveaux Jeunes", but then a man called Henri Collet called them "Les Six" in an article he was writing, and that name was always used for them after that.

In their music they tried to be different from Richard Wagner and other composers of Romantic music, and different from Debussy and Ravel who had been writing Impressionistic music. They also wanted to write in a simple way instead of using complicated rhythms such as those of Stravinsky or twelve tone music like Arnold Schoenberg. Many of their pieces were quite short. They liked strong, masculine music, especially jazz. 

The six composers did not stay together for very long as they soon developed their own personal styles in their compositions.


It was really only in 1920 that all six composers were together. They had all been inspired by Jean Cocteau and Eric Satie. By 1921 Louis Durey had already left the group. Les Six continued to be associated with the style of French music from around the 1920s. They still remained friends, and used to visit a bar known as "La Gaya" which became "Le Boeuf sur le Toit" (The Ox on the Roof): the title of Milhaud's ballet. The group published an album of piano pieces together called "Album des Six". Five of the members worked together on the music for Cocteau's work "Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel" 

The name "The Six" was a reference to the group of Russian composers who had been known as "The Five".

Georges Auric

Georges Auric (born Lodève, France, 15 February 1899; died Paris 23 July 1983) was a French composer. He was one of the six composers who became known as Les Six.
Auric was a child prodigy. He composed a lot of music from the age of 10, but most of these early works he destroyed later. He grew up in Montpellier. In 1913, his parents moved to Paris so that he could study at the Paris Conservatoire. He studied with the composer Vincent D'Indy at the Schola Cantorum.

By the time he had joined Les Six he had already become a composer with a strong, personal style of writing. His music is often energetic and aggressive.
Auric wrote ballet music for Diaghilev. When Jean Cocteau started making motion pictures at the beginning of the 1930s Auric began writing film music. He wrote soundtracks for a number of French and British films, and then for Hollywood movies, too. "The Song from Moulin Rouge" made it to the hit parade.

In 1962, he gave up writing for moving pictures when he became director of the Opéra National de Paris and then chairman of SACEM, the French Performing Rights Society. Auric continued to write classical chamber music, especially for wind instruments, for the rest of his life.

The Left (Germany)

The Left (), sometimes called the Left Party (), is a political party in Germany. It is a democratic socialist political party in Germany. It is considered to be left-wing populist by some researchers. The party is the direct descendant of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED). It was formed on 16 June 2007, when The Left Party.PDS joined with WASG to form a unified party. The Left is a founding member of the Party of the European Left. It is also the largest party in the European United Left–Nordic Green Left (GUE/NGL) group in the European Parliament.

According to official party figures, the Left Party had 60,350 registered members as of December 2020. It is the fifth-largest party in Germany.

The party participates in governments in many states including Brandenburg, Thuringia, and Berlin. The Left parliamentarian Bodo Ramelow is the Minister-President of Thuringia.

While the PDS was considered by German authorities as extremist, the WASG was not considered extremist. The party is the most left-wing party of the six represented parties in the Bundestag. It has been called far-left by some news outlets. The German Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ("Verfassungschutz") states that the party is not regarded as extremely left or a threat to democracy. However, it does monitor some of its internal factions, such as Socialist Left.



Louis Durey

Louis Durey (born Paris, 27 May 1888; died Saint-Tropez, France, 3 July 1979) was a French composer. He was the oldest, but probably the least well-known of the six composers who are called Les Six.
Louis Durey was the son of a businessman. He had no idea that he wanted to be a composer until he heard the opera Pélléas et Mélisande by Claude Debussy. He was then already 19 years old. He taught himself how to compose.
Durey became a member of the group called Les Six in 1920. However, he did not take part in the music they wrote together in 1921 called "Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel". This made Jean Cocteau very annoyed. 

Durey became interested in left-wing politics and later joined the Communist Party. During the years of the Nazi occupation of World War II, he worked with the French Resistance and wrote anti-Fascist songs. After the war he had strong Communist ideas. This made it difficult for him to be successful in the world of music.
In 1950 he got the job of music critic for a communist newspaper in Paris.

He wrote a lot of music during his life, but there were many years when he wrote nothing. He composed songs, chamber music and choral works.

Louis Durey died at Saint-Tropez, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.

Arthur Honegger

Arthur Honegger (10 March 1892 - 27 November 1955) was a Swiss composer, who was born in Le Havre, France and lived a large part of his life in Paris. He was a member of the group of composers called Les Six. His most popular piece of music is an orchestral work called "Pacific 231", which imitates the sound of a steam locomotive.

His full name was Oscar-Arthur Honegger, but his first name was never used. He studied harmony and violin in Paris until his parents moved to Zürich, Switzerland, when he studied at the Conservatory there. He then went back to Paris to study with Charles-Marie Widor and Vincent d'Indy. He wrote a ballet "Le dit des jeux du monde" in 1918. In 1926 he married Andrée Vaurabourg, a pianist and fellow student at the Paris Conservatoire. They often went on tour together, and his wife played the piano parts to his compositions. The couple had one daughter, Pascale, born in 1932. Honegger also had a son, Jean-Claude (1926-2003) whose mother was the singer Claire Croiza.

In the early 1920s Honegger became famous with the "dramatic psalm" "Le Roi David" ("King David"), which is still often sung by choirs. He wrote a lot of music between the wars, including the oratorio "Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher", one of his best works. It tells the story of Joan of Arc.

During World War II Honegger could not leave Paris. He joined the French Resistance. He continued to write very serious music, including four symphonies (numbers 2-5) and some religious music.

Honegger loved trains. As a student he had spent some time travelling to Paris twice a week by train from Le Havre. His popular orchestral work "Pacific 231" describes a train on the Canadian Pacific Railway. It was an early piece, written in 1923. 

In 1947 Honegger suffered a severe heart attack, and after that he composed little. A second heart attack caused his death eight years later in Paris. 

Honegger's music is different to that of the other members of Les Six, partly because Honegger liked the Romantic music of Wagner, Strauss and Reger. His music is tonal but with numerous strong dissonances. His musical style was also influenced by the music of Bach.

Darius Milhaud

Darius Milhaud (pronounced "DAR-yus MEE-oh") (born Marseille, 4 September 1892; died Geneva 22 June 1974) was a French composer. He was a member of the group called "Les Six". He is one of the most important French composers of the 20th century. He wrote more than 400 compositions. His music is often influenced by jazz and polytonality (music in more than one key at once).

Milhaud's family were Jewish. He grew up in Aix-en-Provence. His father was an almond dealer. When he was very small he often listened to the songs that were being sung by the women who were sorting out the nuts. They were folksongs from the Provence. When he was a young man he liked to go for walks in the Provence country. This was an important part of his life.

Milhaud's parents liked music. His father was a pianist and often played at local music gatherings. His mother had a nice contralto voice. When he was seven he learned to play the violin. He loved the music of Claude Debussy, whom he met once. 

Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre who were also to become members of Les Six. He studied composition under Charles-Marie Widor and harmony and counterpoint with André Gédalge. He also studied privately with Vincent d'Indy. He taught himself to play the piano. In Paris he was able to listen to music by a lot of great composers.

He was terribly sad when a close friend was killed in World War I. He decided to go to Brazil. He worked there for nearly two years, deciphering codes. He liked the sounds of the jungle. These sounds were to have an impact on his music. The other great influence was jazz, which he heard in 1922 in New York.

Milhaud returned to France and worked very hard. He often travelled. In 1940 he had to emigrate to the United States because the Nazis were arresting Jewish musicians. In America he gave lectures.

His health became poor. He had rheumatoid arthritis for nearly all his adult life, and by 1948 he was in a wheelchair. He still continued to travel, and to teach, for as long as possible. Probably his most famous student was Dave Brubeck.

In 1925 Milhaud married his cousin, an actress called Madeleine Milhaud. She often performed speaking parts in her husband's musical works. In his final years, she devoted herself to looking after him. She died in Paris on 17 January 2008 at the age of 105.

Milhaud's most popular works include "Le Boeuf sur le Toit" (ballet), "La création du monde" (a ballet for small orchestra with solo saxophone, influenced by jazz), "Scaramouche" (for Saxophone and Orchestra, also for two pianos), and "Saudades do Brazil" (dance suite). His autobiography is called "Notes Sans Musique" ("Notes Without Music"), later rewritten as "Ma Vie Heureuse" ("My Happy Life").


Saône

The Saône is a river in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river. It starts in the Vosges department and joins the Rhône in the city of Lyon.

Two French departments has the name of the river in their names: Haute-Saône and Saône-et-Loire, both in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

The Saône river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or in the Metropolitan Lyon.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or (13 years)
The Saône river starts in the "commune" of Vioménil in the Vosges department, at an altitude of about . The river flows in general to the south-southwest.

The Saône river flows through the 3 regions and 6 departments. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

The Saône river flows into the Rhône river as a right tributary in the city of Lyon.

The main tributaries, over 40 km long, of the Saône river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Hereford

Hereford (pronounced or ) (pronounced "Henforth") is a city and civil parish in the West Midlands of England, close to the border with Wales and on the River Wye. It is the county town of Herefordshire.

The name "Hereford" comes from the Anglo Saxon "here", meaning an army and "ford" which is a place where soldiers could cross.

Hereford has had a cathedral since 1059.

In 1997, Hereford Council lost its status as a city council, and had to appoint Charter Trustees. Its ancient city traditions are recognised and carried on by the parish council, which is led by the City Mayor.

The A49, A438, A465, A480, A4103, A4110, B4399, B4224 and B4359 roads pass through Hereford.

Hereford has a train station.

Hereford has a city bus station, for routes in the city, and a country bus station, for routes out of the city.


The finger

The finger (also called "the bird", or most commonly "the middle finger") is a common insulting hand signal in some countries. 

If you put your middle finger up, you are saying something like "fuck you" or "fuck off". However, it may also be used humorously, for example between people who are close friends. Context is everything in these non-verbal gestures.

The gesture dates back to ancient Greece and it was also used in ancient Rome. Historically, it represented the phallus. 

Ariel (moon)

Ariel is a moon of Uranus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell. It was found at the same time as Umbriel.

The moon is named after the leading sylph in Alexander Pope's poem "Rape of the Lock". It is also the name of the spirit who serves Prospero in Shakespeare's "The Tempest".

Trondheim

The city of Trondheim was founded in 997. It was frequently used as the seat of the king, and was capital of Norway until 1217. In the Middle Ages, Trondheim was the site of several battles, including the battle between King Sverre and Erling Skakke, in 1179. The city has experienced several major fires - the most devastating in 1651 and 1681. The 1651 fire destroyed 90% of the buildings in Trondheim, and the 1681 fire led to a total reconstruction of the city.

The city of Trondheim became a municipality January 1, 1838. The rural municipalities of Byneset, Leinstrand, Strinda and Tiller were joined into Trondheim on January 1, 1964. 

Since 1981, caves surrounding the city have been home to materiel from the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway.



Ajax

Ajax can mean different things:


Trondheim Region

The Trondheim Region is a statistical metropolitan area in the counties of Sør-Trøndelag (population: 223,363) and Nord-Trøndelag (23,388) in Norway. It is centered around the city of Trondheim.

Electric potential

Electric potential is electric potential energy (EPE) per unit of charge. (The unit of energy is the joule and the unit of charge is the coulomb.) Electric potential tells what the electric potential energy of a charged object will be for every coulomb of charge it has, or how many joules of energy there will be per coulomb. The unit for electric potential, joule per coulomb, it is named the volt in memory of Alessandro Volta. One volt equals one joule per coulomb. 
A good analogy is water in a mill pond. In a pond, water has gravitational potential energy because of how high it is above sea level. When the water goes over a fall, it loses energy. There might be a pond in the hills with 100 liters of water and 1000 joules of energy in the pond, and so there are 10 joules of energy per liter. Another pond might have 100 liters of water but yet only 500 joules of energy because the pond is in a lower valley. This pond has 5 joules per liter. Similarly, we could have 100 coulombs of charge with 1000 joules of electric potential energy stored somewhere, maybe in an electric circuit. The electric potential would be 10 joules of energy per coulomb. In another place, maybe another place in the same electric circuit, there might be an electric potential of 5 joules per coulomb.

Just like a mass falls from a place where it has a higher potential energy, an airplane or someplace in the universe, to where it has a lower potential energy, the ground or a different place in the universe, so do charges. Charges will always go to where they have lower electric potential or potential. This going is also called "falling". A group of charges or a charged object will fall from where there is an electric potential of 10 joules per coulomb to where there is an electric potential of 5 joules per coulomb, or from a place with an electric potential of 10 volts to one with an electric potential of 5 volts. If there are 20 coulombs of charge on an object, it will fall from having an electric potential energy (EPE) of 200 joules (20 c x (10 j/c) = 200 joules) at the place with an electric potential of 10 volts to an electric potential energy of 100 joules (20 c x (5 j/c) = 100 joules) at the place with an electric potential of 5 volts.

While this concept is also valid for gravity, it is not used. It is almost always more useful to think of and use the total gravitational potential energy, GPE, of an object and not use the GPE per kilogram. In electricity, it is very often more useful to use electric potential, the EPE per charge, instead of using the total electric potential energy.

Electric potential is not the same as electric potential energy. It is electric potential energy per unit charge. Electric potential is not the same as electric potential difference. Electric potential difference is also called voltage (see the voltage page).

Please note that the volt and voltage are two different things. The volt is a unit by which we measure something. Both electric potential and voltage are things we measure, and the volt is the unit of measure for both. Yes, a little confusing, but that is the way it is. The symbol for the unit volt is written with a V (9 volts or 9 V). When voltage is used in a formula, the symbol for voltage is a lowercase v. ( e.g. voltage = current x resistance or v = ir) This distinguishes the difference between volts (V) and voltage (v) when there is only a single letter symbol to go by. Electrical engineers use the symbol 'e' for voltage (e.g. e=ir) to distinguish the difference more clearly.

Christine Teipel

Christine Teipel (1621 – 4 May 1630) was a 9 year old child who was executed as a witch. This execution happened in Schmallenberg-Oberkirchen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

She was questioned on March 7, 1630. She told about 15 other people who had taken part in a Witches' Sabbath, at night. There were 8 men, 6 women, and a little girl. During that year, there were 7 processes, from April to June of that year. During these processes, 58 people were sentenced to burn at the stake for witchcraft. 22 people of these were men, 2 were children. 

Christine Teipel was sentenced and executed in the third of seven rounds of trials. 

Near Oberkirchen there is a place where commemorative inscriptions have been erected.

""bekend guetlich, daß Johan Bell...vor etzlicher zeit, weiß nit, wieviel jar, in Stephans backhaus sie die zauberei gelert, ...(Sie) Hette auch austrucklich dem teuffel zugesagt, waruf der teuffel in eins wackern jungen gestalt, ...zu ir kommen, ... zu ir gesagt, ob sie im auch stehen [zu ihm stehen] wolte. Sie im druff geandwortet: ja, wen er ir etzwas guts tun wölte, wilches er ir auch zu tun versprochen.""

Approximate translation:

""confesses, that Johan Bell (...) had taught her to do magic, some time ago; she does not know how long ago. This happened in Stephan's bakery. She had also committed to serving the devil. The devil had then appeared in the form of a vigorous young boy. The boy had asked her if she wanted to commit herself to him; she had agreed, under the condition that he should do something good for her, which he had promised (...)"

""Sein boel (Teufelsbuhle) hett mit ir gedanzt... Der tanz hette woll zwei stunde geweret""

Translation:
""Her mate (sex partner) had danced with her... The dance had lasted about two hours""

""bekend, daß der bol (Teufelsbuhle) ein ding furm leib gehabt, damit ihr in ir schamb etc., hab kein freud dabei gehabt, were gewesen, als wens holz gewest; und so oft sie zum tanz gezogen, hette er erst zu ihr kommen und boliret [= Geschlechtsverkehr haben], und wen sie´s nit leiden wolten, hette er ir zu schlagen gedrauwet" [= gedroht]."

Translation:
""confesses, that the mate (sex partner) had had a thing before him, to put into her (etc), that she did not enjoy it at all, it was like this thing were wood; And whenever she wanted to dance, he had first come, and had had sex; and when she did not want to, he had threatened to beat her (..)""



Ajax (programming)

AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML. It is a technique used to make webpages faster to use. If they are programmed with AJAX, they seem to react faster. They only send small bits of information to the web server. That way the whole web page does not need to reload, only small parts of it.


There are also some problems with Ajax. These are among other things:

Bradford

Bradford is a major city in West Yorkshire, England. The city has a population of about 500,000 people. Bradford grew due to its excellence in the textile trades of nineteenth century England. Bradford is home to Bradford City Football Club who became the first English football club to win the current FA Cup trophy in 1911.

Bradford is near Leeds. The two cities share the Leeds Bradford International Airport.

Lithuanian litas

Lithuanian litas (Lithuanian: "litas") was the national currency of the Republic of Lithuania. Litas became a currency of Lithuania in 1922, then again in 1993. In present days, there are 8 coins (1, 2, 5, 10, 50 cents and 1, 2 and 5 LTL) and 6 banknotes (10, 20, 50, 100, 200 and 500 LTL) in use. It stopped being in use in 2015.


Maria Holl

Maria Holl (* 1549 in Altenstadt near Geislingen an der Steige, in Germany; † 1634) was an inn-keeper in Nördlingen. She was accused of witchcraft, but she did not confess to a crime, despite the torture. After this, she was released, and cleared of the accusations.

Because she was very successful running the tavern, she was accused of witchcraft. In total, she was tortured 56 times. At all times she only confessed to God. No matter what was done to her, she could not be made to say to have a pact with the devil. Many citizens of Nördlingen were in favor of her. She was cleared of the accusations on October 11, 1594. She was among the last people to be tried for Witchcraft, in Nördlingen.

Maria Holl died in 1634, probably from the Plague. 

Duduk

The Duduk is a traditional woodwind instrument of Armenian origins.

The duduk is one of the oldest double reed instruments in the world which dates back over 3,000 years. Many different duduks can be found in Armenia and the Caucasus. The roots of Armenian duduk music go back to the times of the Armenian king Tigran the Great (95-55 BC). The instrument is seen in many Armenian manuscripts of the Middle Ages.


Droopy Dog

Droopy Dog is a cartoon character created by Tex Avery for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio in 1943. It first appeared on a cartoon titled "Dumb Hounded" (1943).

Iraqi Kurdistan

Iraqi Kurdistan or South Kurdistan is the part of Kurdistan which is in Iraq.

Iraqi Kurdistan is in the north of Iraq. The area is to the west of Iranian Kurdistan. To Iraqi Kurdistan's west is Syrian Kurdistan, and to the north is Turkish Kurdistan.

Biohazzard Records

Biohazzard Records is a German based Independent record label. It was founded by music journalist Sascha Bahn and Alexander C.H. Lorenz (publisher of "MUMM" compilation). He has more as 20 years experience in management of bands. The label is distributed through "Alive!", edel.net (Digital Distribution) and DanseMacabre (Das Ich). They focus at Gothic, Gothic Metal and some kinds of Electro.




Arbil, Iraq

Arbil (also written Erbil or Irbil) is the capital of Kurdistan Region. In Kurdish, the city is called "Hewlêr". 1,190,251 people live there, mostly Kurds. The city is 80 kilometers (50 miles) east of Mosul.

Ruhr Area

The Ruhr Area ("") is an urban area in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Many of the cities in the Ruhrgebiet used to have a lot of heavy industry.

The Ruhr Area is bordered by the rivers Ruhr River to the south, Rhine River to the west, and Lippe to the north. Southwest it borders the Bergisches Land.

The area has about 5.3 million inhabitants, and is part of the larger Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan area of more than 12 million people.

The Ruhr Area consists of the cities of Duisburg, Oberhausen, Bottrop, Mülheim an der Ruhr, Essen, Gelsenkirchen, Bochum, Herne, Hamm, Hagen and Dortmund and the rural districts of Wesel, Recklinghausen, Unna and Ennepe-Ruhr

The city of Essen in the Ruhr area was selected as European Capital of Culture for 2010 by the Council of the European Union.




Iraqi dinar

The Iraqi dinar is the currency of Iraq. One dinar equals 1000 fils (فلس).

Massoud Barzani

Massoud Barzani (born 16 August 1946) was the first president of Iraqi Kurdistan. He became president on 14 June 2005.

Masoud Barzani succeeded his father, the Kurdish nationalist leader Mustafa Barzani, as the leader of KDP in 1979. Working closely with his brother Idris Barzani until Idris's death, Barzani and various other Kurdish groups fought the forces of the Iraqi government in Baghdad during the Iran–Iraq War. For much of this time, the Kurdish leadership was exiled to Iran.

Barzani was born in Iranian Kurdistan, during the short-lived Republic of Mahabad.

Nechervan Idris Barzani

Nechervan Idris Barzani (Kurdish:نێچیرڤان بارزانی, Nêçîrvan Îdrîs Barzanî) (born 21 September 1966) has been the Prime Minister of Iraqi Kurdistan since March 2006.

Credit card

A credit card is a card which allows people to buy items without cash. Each card has a unique number. Using this number, plus other details on the card (such as the validity date, or a code), the client can buy goods or services. The issuer of the card automatically transfers the money to the seller. The person using the card gets a credit. The customer has a certain amount of time to pay the credit card bill. If the bill is left unpaid for some time, the customer will have to pay interest for the amount that is left unpaid. Payment using a credit card is one of the most common methods of electronic payment. A debit card similarly allows paying without cash, but it pays with money in the user's bank account.

Credit cards are usually small plastic cards with a unique number attached to an account. Most are magnetic stripe cards and many have an EMV chip for use by card readers.

Paying with a credit card means you borrow the money and must pay it back in a specified time. Users who fail to pay in time may have to pay much more.

Lebanese Civil War

nificantly worsened by Lebanon's changing demographics. There was a conflict between Sunnis and Shias, between Christians and Muslims, and the involvement of Syria, Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) exacerbated existing issues. After a short break in the fighting in 1976 due to Arab League mediation and Syrian intervention fighting continued in south Lebanon, occupied first by the PLO, then occupied by Israel. 

Violent events increased from the end of the 1960s and the first half of 1970s. Several armed movements were creating, with different political views. The Lebanese National Movement, led by Kamal Jumblatt wanted to end the religious class society system. Sunni and Shi'i struggled for more representation and supported the Palestinian refugees. Many Palestinians joined the struggles.

The civil war started on the 13 of April, 1975, after one of these attacks, committed by the phalanges against a Palestinian bus. Fights spread on that day. The government was unable to control the militias and violence spread extremely quickly.

During the first two years of war, several massacres were committed: the massacre of Tel al-Za'atar (1976) by the Syrian and Lebanese Phalanges forces against Palestinians and the massacre of Damour (1976) by the Palestine Liberation Organization against Christians.

Civilian fighting lasted for a year until other countries joined in the fight. In 1976, Syria joined the conflict, and so the Lebanese civil war starts to impact all the Middle-east region. Israel joined the conflict in 1976, because of the attempt against the Israeli ambassador, Shlomo Argov. The Israeli army invaded Lebanon by the south and reached Beirut. According to the claims of the invaders and the leaders representing them, the intention of the invasion was to safeguard Israeli citizens and to generally diminish the threat of international terrorism. This would mean a siege of West Beirut and destruction of the PLO as well as the surrounding area. At this time, Syrian forces also began occupying areas of Lebanon.

On May 17, 1977, a US-backed agreement was reached for making peace between Lebanon and Israel. The agreement failed when Syria refused to withdraw its forces.

About 150,000 people were killed during the war and almost one million people moved out of Lebanon.

Mosul

Mosul ( "", , ) is a city in the north of Iraq. Under the Ottoman Empire it was the capital of northern Iraq. More than a million people lived there when Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant conquered it in 2014. In 2017 the Iraqi Army with help from Kurdish Peshmerga troops and other militias took the city back.





Mayonnaise

Mayonnaise (also known as Mayo) is a thick sauce. It is an emulsion of vegetable oil and egg yolk, with either lemon juice or vinegar. It is often used as a condiment for food such as salads, sandwiches and french fries.

Francis Poulenc

Francis Poulenc (7 January 1899 in Paris – 30 January 1963 in Paris) was a French composer. He was one of the group of six composers who became known as Les Six. He composed music in many different forms: song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music and orchestral music. His music is easy to enjoy at first hearing: it is much simpler than the music of many other composers who were writing modern music at the time. At first the music critics did not think he was a serious composer, but later people realized the importance of his music. He is the greatest writer of French song (mélodie) since Fauré.

Poulenc came from a rich family. His father had a large pharmaceutical business. His mother, an amateur pianist, taught him to play the piano. The Catholic faith was important to him, as well as the artistic life. These two influences shaped his personality. The music critic Claude Rostand said that Poulenc was "half monk and half naughty boy".

Poulenc wanted to study music at the Paris Conservatoire after his school years, but the death of both his parents changed his plans. He had lessons from Ricardo Viñes who was a great teacher for him and helped him develop as a person. Poulenc wrote his first compositions for his teacher. He met many famous people including the composers Satie, Auric and Falla and writers such as Apollinaire. He started to get his works performed, and Stravinsky helped him to get them published in London. He continued to compose while he was doing his military service, and became a member of Les Six. These six composers did not all compose in the same way, but they were good friends.

Poulenc felt that he needed more lessons and he studied with Charles Koechlin. He was asked by Diaghilev to write ballet music for "Les Biches". He composed his "Concerto for Two Pianos" and the "Organ Concerto". He was very upset by the death of Raymonde Linossier who was the only woman he ever wanted to marry. Poulenc was becoming aware that he was gay. He had a lot of emotional problems with big changes of mood.

His friendship with the singer Pierre Barnac was a great help to him professionally. Barnac was a baritone. Poulenc composed about 90 songs for him. They gave many concerts together.

Poulenc spent some periods of his life composing and other periods performing. He made a series of broadcasts on French radio. He composed a great deal of music during the 1950s. He died suddenly of a heart attack in 1963.

Poulenc was an excellent pianist and he wrote a lot of music for the piano, especially during the 1930s. He liked to create blurred effects by using the sustaining pedal a lot. Some of his best piano writing is in the accompaniment to his songs.

Poulenc’s early chamber music often uses jazz ideas. He wrote several sonatas for various instruments. He liked writing for wind instruments. His "Piano Sextet" is for piano and five wind instruments.

He wrote several works for orchestra as well as music for the stage and choral music. His "Gloria" is often performed by choirs. Children like his "Story of Babar the Elephant". It is for a storyteller and piano. Jean Françaix made an arrangement for an orchestra.

Germaine Tailleferre

Germaine Tailleferre (born Saint Maur Des Fossés, France, 19 April 1892; died Paris, 7 November 1983) was a French composer. She was one of the members of the famous group Les Six.
She was called Marcelle Taillefesse when she was born. When she was grown up she changed her last name to "Tailleferre" just to annoy her father because he had refused to let her study music. She studied piano with her mother at home, composing short works of her own and then began studying at the Paris Conservatoire. There she met Louis Durey, Francis Poulenc, Darius Milhaud, Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger. She won several prizes at the Conservatoire. She often met with her friends who became known as Les Six.
In 1923 Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L'Amaury. Ravel encouraged her to enter the "Prix de Rome" Competition. In 1925, she married Ralph Barton, an American caricaturist, and moved to Manhattan, New York. She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France. They divorced shortly afterwards.

Tailleferre wrote many of her most important works during the 1920s, including her 1st Piano Concerto, The Harp Concertino, the Ballets "Le Marchand d'Oiseaux" (the most often performed ballet in the repertoire of the Ballets Suédoises during the 1920s) and "La Nouvelle Cythère" which Diaghilev had asked her to write for his ballet company.

In the 1930s she composed the Concerto for Two Pianos, Choeurs, Saxophones and Orchestra, the Violin Concerto, the Operas "Zoulaïna" and "Le Marin de Bolivar", and her masterwork, "La Cantate de Narcisse", which she wrote with Paul Valéry. Her work in film music included "Le Petit Chose".

When World War II started she had to escape across Spain to Portugal and from there to America.

After the war, in 1946, she returned to her home in France where she composed a lot more music, much of which was not published until after her death. She was accompanist at a children's music and movement class. She wrote shorter pieces towards the end of her life because her arthritis made writing difficult.

Tailleferre carried on composing until a few weeks before her death in November 1983.

Cladistics

Cladistics is the method of classifying organisms into groups called clades.

A clade (Greek = branch) is a group of organisms with a common ancestor and all its descendants (and nothing else). Such a clade is monophyletic. The term 'clade' was coined by English biologist Julian Huxley.

Birds, dinosaurs, crocodiles, and all other descendants (living or extinct) of their most recent common ancestor form a clade. In the terms of biological systematics, a clade is a single branch on the tree of life, a monophyletic group. Biological classification needs such a natural group of organisms to be put together and given a taxonomic name.

This brings classification in line with phylogeny (how living things evolved). In cladistics, clades are the only acceptable units.
Some versions of cladistics have been the subject of controversy.

The term "clade" was introduced in 1958 by Julian Huxley, "cladistic" by Cain and Harrison in 1960, and "cladist" (for an adherent of Hennig's school) by Mayr in 1965. Hennig referred to his own approach as "phylogenetic systematics". From the time of his original formulation until the end of the 1980s cladistics remained a minority approach to classification.

In the 1990s it rapidly became the dominant method of classification in evolutionary biology. Computers made it possible to process large quantities of data about organisms and their characteristics (traits). At about the same time the development of effective sequence analysis techniques made it possible to apply cladistic methods of analysis to biochemical and molecular features of organisms as well as to anatomical ones.

For some decades in the mid to late twentieth century, a commonly used methodology was numerical taxonomy. This made no attempt to resolve phylogeny, only similarities. The weakness of this approach was that it left out the connection between classification and evolution.

Phylogenetic nomenclature is a way of giving names to the groups (clades) that have been decided on by cladistic methods. It differs in many ways from Linnaean nomenclature. Critics of phylogenetic nomenclature include Ashlock, Mayr, and Williams.
Monophyly is defined differently in evolutionary biology and cladistics. In evolutionary biology, the term monophyletic refers to a group of organisms descended from its most recent common ancestor. A monophyletic group may include all or only a part of the descendants of the common ancestor. The ancestor may be a taxon of various ranks.

In cladistics, by contrast, a monophyletic group is a group consisting of all the inferred descendants of an ancestral species.

In cladistics, a group that includes only some of the descendants of the ancestral species is not monophyletic but paraphyletic. The objective of cladistics is to block out monophyletic clades. Therefore, the elements of a paraphyletic group must be rearranged so that they do form one or several clades. Degree of similarity is not a criterion in grouping organisms into clades.

Cladograms show who's related to what, and evolutionary trees show which evolved from whom.


Kimbo Slice

Kevin Ferguson also known as Kimbo Slice (February 8, 1974 – June 6, 2016) was a Bahamian-born American mixed martial arts fighter. He began fighting in a series of web videos. He fights in backyards, airplane hangars, and nuclear power plants. He was trained by Bas Rutten. He was born in Nassau, Bahamas.

Slice had six children. He used to work as a bodyguard.

Slice died of heart failure at a hospital in Margate, Florida on June 6, 2016, aged 42.


Pangaea

Pangaea was the global supercontinent which formed in the Palaeozoic era. The process started about 450 million years ago (mya) and was complete by 210 mya. So, apart from some volcanic islands (not proven, but very likely), all the land areas were collected together in one big supercontinent.

Pangaea was the latest of a series of global supercontinents. They formed at various times since plate tectonics began on Earth. Panthalassa was the name of the huge global ocean which surrounded Pangaea.

The collisions between continental plates formed the greatest mountain ranges in the history of the Phanerozoic eon. The mountain building included the Caledonian orogeny, the Alleghenian orogeny and the Variscan orogeny. The low mountains of Scotland, Scandinavia and eastern North America are the ground-down remains of these vast events.

There were three major phases in the break-up of Pangaea. The first signs of rifting came in the Triassic before Pangaea was completely formed.

Pangaea broke up about 180/200 million years ago, in the early middle Jurassic. It broke into supercontinents Laurasia and Gondwana before each of these broke into the present continents. One rift resulted in a new ocean, the North Atlantic Ocean.

The second major phase in the break-up of Pangaea began in the Lower Cretaceous (150–140 mya), when Gondwana separated into continents (Africa, South America, India, Antarctica, and Australia).

The third major and final phase of the break-up of Pangaea occurred in the early Cenozoic (Paleocene to Oligocene). Laurasia split when North America (Laurentia) broke free from Eurasia, opening the Norwegian Sea about 60–55 mya. The Atlantic and Indian Oceans continued to expand, closing the Tethys Ocean.

The break-up of Pangaea continues today in the Great Rift Valley in East Africa and Arabia.


Fatah

Fatah is a Palestinian nationalist political party. Fatah is an acronym for Harakat At-Tahriri Al-Filistiniya. That means Palestinian National Liberation Movement in English. It was created by Yasser Arafat in the late 1950s. 

In 1968 Fatah joined the Palestinian Liberation Organization, and in 1969 it got a leadership role. When it was founded, it did not accept the existence of Israel, but now the group officially does. 

The political part of the party is not considered a terrorist group by any country, but its military part, the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades is considered a terrorist group. Fatah says that the Brigades are not a part of the party but Israel says that Fatah supports the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades.

Leaders of the brigades, and other members have said they are a military group that is a part of Fatah. On their website, and on posters they post the Fatah Emblem. Leaders of Fatah have said they did not create the brigades, or make them the military of Fatah. Since 2002 leaders in Fatah have tried to get the brigades to stop attacking Israeli citizens.

Balkh

Balkh () is a city in Balkh Province of Afghanistan. It was a big city hundreds of years ago, but it was ruined by Mongols. It was not ruined forever, though. In 1850 it was captured by Dost Mohammad Khan.


Hessischer Rundfunk

The Hessischer Rundfunk (HR) is a German television and radio broadcasting company based in Frankfurt am Main in the State of Hesse.

HR is a member of the group of German public-broadcasting institutions that makes up ARD.

The HR produces the regional television service "HR Fernsehen " (which used to be called HR Fernsehen ) and six regional radio channels.


Sulaymaniyah Governorate

As Sulaymaniyah (, ) is a province in the east of Iraq. The capital is Sulaymaniyah. The area is . Almost 1,800,000 people live there.

Erbil Governorate

Arbil (, Hewlêr; also written Erbil or Irbil) is a province in the north of Iraq. The area is . According to Arbil governorate in 2009 Arbil population was 1,720,000.

Duhok Governorate

Dahuk (also Dohuk or Duhok, , , Duhok, Assyrian: ܢܘܗܕܪܐ, Nohadra) is a province in north of Iraq. The capital is also called Dahuk. 510,000 people live in the province.

Al Anbar Governorate

Al Anbar (; or Anbar) is a Western Region of Iraq. The largest province in Iraq by area, it shares borders with Syria, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia. Al Anbar is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim Arab. Its capital is Ar Ramadi.

The name of the province is from the Arabic , "’Anbār", and means "granaries," as this region was the primary entrepot on the western borders of Lakhmid Kingdom. The famous Sunni theologian Abu Hanifa an-Nu‘man, who developed Hanafi, one of the Sunni Madh'habs (schools of thought) is associated with this region.

Before 1976 the province was known as Ramadi; before 1962, it was known as Dulaim.

Most of the inhabitants are Sunni Muslims from Dulaim tribe.

The Euphrates River flows diagonally from the north to the southeast, passing through six of the eight districts; Al-Qa'im, Anah, Haditha, Hīt, Ramadi, Fallujah, Abu Ghraib, Ar Rutba, forms the majority of the Governorate's area, occupying the large desert area in the southwest.

There are an estimated 20 million weapons in Al Anbar, opposed to an estimated population of 2 million, according to official reports, a ratio of ten firearms for every citizen.
It's traditional for Dulaim tribe members to keep a weapons at home.
The arms included mortars, surface-to-air missiles, anti-tank shells, rocket-propelled grenades as well as large quantities of mines, explosives and ammunition.

The city of Fallujah is also in Anbar. The Iraqi resistance were widely considered to be stronger in this province than in any other in Iraq, and hostility toward Against American forces.

In late 2004 to 2007, a series of operations by US forces, was not successful in driving resistance from Anbar. Additionally, in early 2006, several clans—some including resistance groups raids against Americans forces in the area, the increase of sectarian violence in baghdad(that pushed many of the Sunni Dulaimi clans back into alliances with militants) and the continued resistance control of several cities in Anbar showed that fighting in the region was far from over. Reports in March 2006 suggested that the Anbar capital Ramadi had largely fallen under resistance control along with most of the region, as a result the US sent an additional 3,500 Marines to re-establish control of the region.

The Iraq war website icasualties has reported that 1,842 Iraqi soldier and 2220 US Soldier and 7542 Mercenary were killed in action in Anbar province between the start of 2004 and the end of February 2006. Many of these died in and around Fallujah and Ramadi.

Anbar, with Ramadi and Haditha and Hit and Al Qa'im and Fallujah in particular, is known for its inhabitants' strong tribal
and religious traditions. Allegedly, former President Saddam Hussein was constantly
wary of the volatile nature of the area. All the inhabitants of the province are Sunni Muslims from the Dulaim tribe.

In 2015 ISIL conquered Ramadi and other places in Anbar. In late 2016 the government of Iraq recovered most of those places.

According to statistics of the Ministry of Commerce in 1999, there about million and half million inhabitants in seven major Cities in Al Anbar province.
According to statistics in 2008 The population 2,405,000 people.

According to the former regime in 2003 just the city of Fallujah (600 thousand) and Ramadi (700 thousand) exceed million and three hundred thousand people.

According to the election for the council governorate on January 30, 2005, The largely Sunni province is one of the most violent Against the occupation in Iraq and turnout was very low. Of the total population of some 2 million only 3775 voted.

According to The UN statistics in 2003 the Population of Al Anbar is 1,230,169, Ramadi (444,582), Fallujah (425,774), Al-Qaim (116,129), Hit (105,825), Haditha (75,835), Anah (37,211), Ar Rutba (24,813).

But The governor of Al Anbar Mamoun Sami Rashid Alwani says "The UN statistics are Incorrect and just included 7 major Cities from 80 cities and towns in Al Anbar" It continues, "We know our country more than strangers And Al Anbar Population about more than 3 million citizen".

Number of the Population is unknown, and there are no precise statistics Include all of the cities and towns and villages and the people of Al Anbar, just in the city of Abu Ghraib eastern Al Anbar There between 750,000 and 1.5 million inhabitants.
after the occupation The population of Al Anbar province Increase because of the sunni immigrants from Baghdad and southern Iraq, Whom are more than million people, and some areas in Al Anbar Decreased such as Fallujah and Ramadi.


Babil Governorate

Babil () is a province in Iraq. The area is . 2,000,000 people live in the province. The capital is Al Hillah a Shia 

It contains the ancient city of Babylon.

The name Babil is the Arabic name for Babylon.

Coruscant

Coruscant is a fictional planet in the "Star Wars" movies. It has been the capital of the Galaxy for many years, and during that time, the planet has become one big city. It's most notable appearance was in the prequel trilogy.

Digital Video Broadcasting

Digital Video Broadcasting (often shortened to DVB) is a series of standards for sending digital content, like Television using digital technology. Compression of the data stream allows carrying several video channels in one analog television channel.

There are different standards, some of them are

Digital Audio Broadcasting is similar, but for audio.


Baghdad Governorate

Baghdad () is a province in Iraq. The capital is also called Baghdad. 

The area is . The province is the smallest province in Iraq. 

Linguine

Linguine are a form of Italian pasta. Sometimes they are also called Linguini (this is an English-language form, and is not Italian). 
They are flat, like fettuccine and trenette, but narrow like spaghetti. 

The name means "little tongues" in Italian - the word being derived from Latin "lingua" "tongue" with the suffix "-ine" which indicates that an item is smaller or lesser.

Linguine "alle vongole" (with clams) is a popular use of this sort of pasta.

Basra Governorate

Basra or Al Basrah () is a province in the southeast of Iraq. It has an area of . The capital is also called Basra. 2,565,893 people live in the province.

Egg (food)

Most eggs that are eaten by humans have a eggshell. there are multiple parts to the egg: the egg white, the egg yolk and various thin membranes, Every part of the egg is edible, although the eggshell is usually thrown away. Eggs are a good source of protein.

Roe and caviar are edible eggs produced by fish. They do not have an eggshell, since they hatch underwater. They also are much smaller and do not have a white or yolk.

Birds' eggs are a common food source. The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken, the duck, and the goose. Smaller eggs such as quail eggs are sometimes used as a fancy ingredient, as are the largest bird eggs, from ostriches. 

Most of the chicken eggs sold for human consumption are unfertilized. The hens are kept without any roosters. Fertile eggs can be bought and eaten as well. There is no difference in the food value of fertilised and unfertilised eggs. Fertile eggs for eating do not have a baby bird inside. This is because eggs have to be kept cool before they are sold, and the cold stops the young inside from starting to grow.

Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of cooking. Recipes that use eggs include sweet and savoury dishes. Eggs can be used and cooked in many different ways. They can be hard-boiled, soft-boiled, scrambled, fried, combined with flour in cakes or eaten raw. Roasted eggs are used at the Jewish holiday of Passover. Pickled eggs are hard-boiled and then put in vinegar. They are often sold in UK fish and chip shops.

Eating raw eggs is not recommended for some people. This is because the egg may be contaminated with bacteria (like salmonella) that could cause illness. This could be serious for the elderly, the infirm, or pregnant women.

The body can use about 91% of the protein of a cooked egg, nearly twice as much as from a raw egg.

There is no difference in taste or food value between white or brown eggs. The color of a chicken's egg depends on the breed.

In most of the United States, eggs are generally white; while in the northeast of that country and in the United Kingdom, eggs are generally light-brown. People in Brazil and Poland prefer brown or reddish eggs, because white eggs are thought of as "industrial", that is, for use in commercial bakeries. The reason some people prefer one colour of egg and other people prefer a different colour is probably because of what the colours are linked with in their minds. For example white is linked with purity, and brown-shelled eggs with greater wholesomeness.

Carotenoids can affect how intense the color of the yolk is.




List of egg dishes

The following is a list of egg dishes:

Dhi Qar Governorate

Dhi Qar () is a province in south east of Iraq, with an area of . The capital is An Nasiriyah and 1,454,200 people live in the province. 

Diyala Governorate

Diyala () is a province in east of Iraq. Its area is . The capital is Baqubah. 1,271,000 people live in the province.

Leitmotif

A leitmotif (pronounced , “LITE-mow-teef”) (also spelled leitmotiv), is a German word meaning leading motif. It is a little musical theme that is often repeated in a piece of music, very often in opera. The leitmotif is linked in the musical story with a person or a thing or an idea. The leitmotif might be a short tune, but it can also be a rhythm or just a chord.

The word “leitmotif” is sometimes used in other things such as literature. In a book it might be an idea that keeps coming during the story. It can also be used in movies or video games.

The word “leitmotif” is particularly associated with the operas of Richard Wagner. The leitmotif helps to make the story dramatic and bind it together, because it makes the music easier to understand. Sometimes a leitmotif will change during an opera as the character changes. Various dramatic effects can be made with leitmotifs. For example, a leitmotif might be played before a character comes onstage, so the audience will know who is coming before the actor can be seen. Three examples of leitmotifs from Wagner's Ring Cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen " are: the leitmotif for the chief god Wotan (a person), the leitmotif for the Tarnhelm, the invisibility helmet, (a thing), and the leitmotif for the Renunciation of Love (an idea).

The use of leitmotif was not completely new in the 19th century. For example: the first four notes of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony are used like a leitmotif during the whole symphony. It was, however, Carl Maria von Weber who first used it a lot in his operas. A music critic called F. W. Jähns used the word to describe Weber’s work. Hector Berlioz wrote a symphony called "Symphonie Fantastique" which has a tune which he called idée fixe (“fixed idea”) to represent the love between the two characters.

Wagner did not actually use the word “leitmotif”. He preferred to call such themes “Grundthema” (basic idea) or simple “Motiv”. Some people, such as Eduard Hanslick, who did not like Wagner’s music, thought that Wagner’s use of leitmotifs made the music too simple. Claude Debussy said the use of leitmotifs in operas was like having a world where crazy people would always use "visiting cards" to introduce themselves and then start singing their names to be sure everyone knew what was going on.

Many other composers used leitmotifs in a similar way to Wagner, e.g. Richard Strauss in his operas, Elgar in his oratorios "The Kingdom" and "The Apostles" or Alban Berg in his opera "Lulu". 

Leitmotifs or music themes are also used to dramatise movies. For example, the famous Jaws theme uses a leitmotif for the shark.

Karbala Governorate

Karbala () is a province in Iraq, with 710,274 people living there. The capital of the province is also called Karbala, that is a holy city for Shi'a Muslims.

Pointe shoes

Pointe shoes are special shoes worn by ballerinas. They are made with a wide, flat, reinforced front end. This lets the dancer stand on tiptoe. 

In normal flat ballet shoes, the toe construction does not provide this support for the dancer's body weight. So they cannot stand or dance "en pointe".

Mid-18th century dancer Marie Camargo of the Paris Opéra Ballet was the first to wear a non-heeled shoe, enabling her to perform leaps that would have been difficult, if not impossible, in the old shoes.

The first dancers to rise up on their toes did so with the help of an invention by Charles Didelot in 1795. His 'flying machine' lifted dancers upward, allowing them to stand on their toes before leaving the ground. This lightness and ethereal quality was well received by audiences and, as a result, choreographers began put more pointework into their pieces.

As dance progressed into the 1800s, the desire grew to dance en pointe without the aid of wires. When Marie Taglioni first danced "La Sylphide" en pointe, her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers. Because the shoes of this period offered no support, dancers would pad their toes for comfort and rely on the strength of their feet and ankles for support.

The birth of the modern pointe shoe may be due to the early 20th century Russian ballerina Anna Pavlova, who was one of the most famous and influential dancers of her time. Pavlova's feet had particularly high arches, which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe. To help this problem, she would put tough leather soles into her shoes for extra support, and would flatten and harden the toe area to form a box. While this practice made dancing en pointe easier for her, it was regarded by her rivals as 'cheating'.

Girls will usually start en pointe between the ages of 10 and 13. Starting too early may be bad for the feet of the dancer. Dance teachers' societies give their members information and advice on this subject.

Some girls will never go en pointe. This is usually because they are not strong enough, as going en pointe means one has to have enough strength. Ballet class is not social dancing, it is aimed at professional training. But the basic pre-pointe class may still be useful for young dancers who later move into, for example, stage dancing. In that case, the lack of pointe work would not interfere with their eventual employment.

It takes considerable strength in the feet, ankle, leg, knee, and abdomen to dance en pointe. Students must be at least 11 or 12 years of age before attempting pointe work. The bones and growth plates in the feet are usually not fully hardened and developed before that age. Serious foot deformities can result from starting pointe too early, even if the student is strong and skillful. Attempting to dance en pointe before the feet and toes are fully grown can cause career-ending damage that will prevent dancing en pointe for a lifetime. Top ballet schools have specialist orthopaedic consultants, and foot X-rays are an obvious and necessary safeguard before pointe work begins.

Pointe shoes are normally only worn by female ballet dancers. Male dancers may wear them for a comic effect in unorthodox roles such as the Ugly Stepsisters in "Cinderella", or Bottom in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". The all-male dance troupe Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo have dance programs with choreography entirely on pointe. This is one element of spectacle for the audience to demonstrate how the physical demands of classical ballet combine the artistic and the athletic.

All pointe shoes are handmade. There are many different companies which make these shoes. Some of them include: Bloch, Capezio, Gamba, Grishko, Gaynor Mindens, Sansha and Freed of London.

There are many different parts to a pointe shoe:

Its important that pointe shoes fit correctly. If they do not, it can cause the dancers feet to become sore. It can also affect the way the dancer performs in them and may cause injury to the dancer. A dancer may need to try on many pairs of pointe shoes before they find ones that fit correctly. Also, when the pointe shoes are "dead" (too soft to dance in any more), the shoes will need to be replaced.

With light use, a pair of pointe shoes may last through ten to twenty hours of wear. A dance student may get weeks of serviceable use from a pair of pointe shoes. Professional dancers wear out pointe shoes much more quickly; a new pair may wear out in a single performance. As a result, ballet companies either buy shoes in bulk or give shoe allowances for their dancers.

Ballet companies order pointe shoes in huge quantities at maybe $50-$110 a pair. A soloist or principal dancer will have her shoes specially hand-made to her needs, and may get through several in a single performance. Dancers' feet take a terrific battering, and few end their careers without having some damage to their feet. This is the reality behind the light, airy, graceful sight on the stage.

Demi-pointe shoes are often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique. They help dancers get used to the feel of pointe shoes, strengthen the ankles and feet. The toe box allows the dancer to feel a pointe, while the insole and outsole work together to give the resistance for developing foot and ankle strength.

Demi-pointe is often used in modern dance, because choreography in modern dance most often asks for balance on the ball of the foot, which is what those shoes are made for.

Maysan Governorate

Maysan () is a province in southeastern Iraq, bordering Iran. The capital is Amarah. 785,068 people live in the province. 

Najaf Governorate

Najaf () is a province in southwestern Iraq. The province has an area of 28,824 km². The capital is also called Najaf. 1.477.134 people live in the province.

Nineveh Governorate

Ninawa (, , Assyrian: ܢܝܢܘܐ Nîněwâ) is a province in north of Iraq It has an area of 37,323 km². The capital is Mosul which lies near the Tigris river. 2,600,000 people live in the province. The ancient Biblical city of Nineveh is also in this province. The name Ninawa is the Arabic name for Nineveh.

Muthanna Governorate

Al Muthanna (also Muthanna, ) is a province in southern Iraq, bordering Saudi Arabia. The province has an area of 83,268 km², and 1.035.000 people live there. The capital is Samawah.

Kirkuk Governorate

Kirkuk Governorate ( , "Parêzgay Kerkûk", , ) or Kirkuk Province is a governorate in northern Iraq, with an area of . 

The capital is also called Kirkuk, and 949,000 people live in the province. 

Provinces of Iraq

Iraq is divided into 18 provinces ("muhafazah"). also the Iraqi Constitution has recognized only one autonomous federal region inside Iraq, the name of the region is Iraqi Kurdistan Region, this region consists of the three provinces of Dahuk ( دهوك ), Arbil ( اربيل ) and As-Sulaymaniyyah (السليمانية )

Brussels-Capital Region

Brussels-Capital Region is one of the three regions of Belgium. Its official name in the three official languages of Belgium:

It has a population of 1,222,637 (1 January 2022) on an area of 162 km².

Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual: Dutch and French, but most people speak French. In earlier times, they spoke Brabantian, which is a Dutch dialect. 

The area of Brussels-Capital Region belonged to the Duchy of Brabant until 1795. After the French occupation it became part of the newly formed province of South Brabant during the United Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1815 until 1831. After the Belgian separation in 1831, it became part of the newly formed province of Brabant. On 1 January 1995, Brabant province was divided into the provinces of Flemish Brabant (Dutch-speaking) and Walloon Brabant (French-speaking), and into the bilingual Brussels region.

Brussels-Capital Region has 19 municipalities:

¹ Capital, English name "Brussels".

There are two other regions:


Vaishali

Vaishali or Vesali (Pali) was a city in what is currently Vaishali District, Bihar, India. The city was the capital of the Licchavi and the Vajjian Confederacy. At the time of the Buddha, Vesali was a very large and rich city. It was crowded with people and with much food.

Licchavi

Licchavi (also "Lichchhavi", "Lichavi") was an ancient republic that existed in what is now Bihar state of India before the birth of Mahavira (b. 599 BC). Its capital was Vaishali.

From about 400 to 750, a kingdom in Nepal in the Kathmandu Valley had the same name, Licchavi.

Early Buddhist legends tell that Licchavi was a ruling family during Gautama Buddha's time in India, but links to the Nepalese kingdom are speculative. The language of Licchavi inscriptions is Sanskrit, and the particular script used is closely related to official Gupta scripts. That means that India was a significant cultural influence. That was likely through Mithila, now the north of Bihar, India.


Republicanism

Republicanism is the ideology of governing a nation as a republic with an emphasis on liberty and the civic virtue practiced by citizens. Republicanism always stands in opposition to aristocracy, oligarchy, monarchy, and dictatorship. More broadly, it refers to a political system that protects liberty, especially by incorporating a rule of law that cannot be arbitrarily ignored by the government.

According to John Adams, “They define a republic to be a government of laws, and not of men.” Much of the literature deals with the issue of what sort of values and behavior by the citizens is necessary if the republic is to survive and flourish; the emphasis has been on widespread citizen participation, civic virtue, and opposition to corruption.

Many Commonwealth realms (countries which have the British Monarch as their head of state) have political movements to become republics. For example, the Prime Minister of Jamaica said that it will become a republic by 2025. In 1999, Australia had a vote to decide whether or not to keep the monarchy. The result was a majority supporting the monarchy.


Tabriz

Tabriz () is the largest city in north-western Iran with a population of 1.6 million. Most of them speak the Azerbaijani language. Tabriz is north of the volcanic cone of Sahand and south of the Eynali mountain. It is the capital of East Azarbaijan Province.


Saber–toothed cat

The sabertoothed cats or sabretooth cats are some of the best known and most popular extinct animals. They are among the most impressive carnivores that ever have lived. These cats had long canines and jaws which opened wider than modern cats. This suggests a different style of killing from modern felines.

The sabre-tooth style of life evolved at least five times amongst carnivorous mammals. This is one of the best-known examples of convergent evolution.

The saber tooths were ambush predators, and probably lived in open forests. This would explain their widespread occurrence in the Miocene, when much of the land was covered with woodland. Apart from the canine teeth, their adaptations included strength in the forelimbs (more so than present-day large cats). Their robust (heavy, tough) bodies speak of strength rather than speed.

An idea of how they killed is as follows. They hid in wait, and pounced. They hung on round the prey's neck, gripping and slashing the underside of the throat with their canine teeth. This would cause death by blood loss and loss of the air supply.

The fact that their teeth vary is interesting. Some have larger teeth, some had smaller dagger-like teeth, some had smooth thick teeth, others had blade-like teeth, sometimes with serrated edges. Some had flanges on the lower jaw, most did not. Ewer remarks that this must show that there were variations in killing method, and in the type of prey, but we know little about this.

There are none living today: they are extinct. The extinctions followed climate change, as the world cooled and grassland took over from woodland in the Pliocene and Pleistocene.

Prosper Mérimée

Prosper Mérimée (September 28, 1803 – September 23, 1870) was a French writer. He was also a historian and an archaeologist. He is probably best known for writing the short story "Carmen". "Carmen" became the basis for the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet.

Jerry Hsu

Jerry Hsu (b. December 17, 1981) is an American professional skateboarder. He was born in, and currently lives in, San Jose, California. Hsu is a member of the San Jose Tilt Mode Army crew. He has several pro model skateboard decks with Enjoi Skateboards. Hsu was featured in the skateboard videos "Bag of Suck" by Enjoi. He won an award for best video part by Transworld Skateboarding Magazine and a reader's choice award for his work in the video. 

Barnes &amp; Noble

Barnes & Noble, Inc. is the largest bookseller in the United States. It operates mostly through its "Barnes & Noble Booksellers" chain of bookstores which is based in lower Fifth Avenue in Lower Manhattan, New York City. Barnes & Noble also operated the chain of small B. Dalton Booksellers stores in malls until they announced the liquidation of the chain.

The company is known for large, upscale retail stores. Many of them contain a café serving Starbucks Coffee. Most stores also sell magazines, newspapers, DVDs, graphic novels, gifts, games, and music. Video games and related items were sold in the company's GameStop retail outlets until October 2004. Then, the division was made into its own company.

As of October 2009, the company operates 777 stores in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. It also has 636 college bookstores, which serves nearly 4 million students and 250,000 faculty members across the country.

Barnes & Noble began in 1873 when Charles Barnes opened a book-printing business in Wheaton, Illinois. Their first true bookstore was set up by his son, William, with G. Clifford Noble, in 1917 in New York City. The original bookstore was at 31 West 15th St., and opened during World War I. In 1932, at the height of the Great Depression, the bookstore was moved to its current location on 18th Street and Fifth Avenue.

The business was bought in 1971 by Leonard Riggio. He oversaw the growth of the business. In 1974, Barnes & Noble became the first bookstore to advertise on television. A year later, the company became the first bookseller in America to discount books. It sold "New York Times" best-selling titles at 40% off the publishers’ list price. During the 1970s and 1980s, Barnes & Noble opened smaller discount stores. These were eventually phased out in favor of larger stores. They also began to publish their own books to be sold to mail-order customers. These titles were mostly low price reissues of out-of-print titles. Selling them through mail-order catalogs allowed Barnes & Noble to reach new customers nationwide.

Barnes & Noble continued to expand throughout the 1980s. In 1987 it purchased the mostly shopping mall-based B. Dalton chain from Dayton Hudson. The last B. Dalton stores closed in January 2010. The purchase of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer. As of the end of fiscal year 1999, the second-largest online bookseller in the United States. B&N's critics claim that it has added to the decline of local and independent booksellers.

It first began selling books online in the late 1980s, but the company’s website was not launched until May 1997. The site now carries over 1 million titles.

In 2002, Leonard Riggio's brother Stephen Riggio was named CEO.

Steve Riggio is vice chairman of the company and served on the board of directors. Riggio began his career at Barnes & Noble in 1975 after graduating from Brooklyn College. After getting his start in the buying and merchandising departments, he became general manager and vice president of the company’s direct mail division. He held this position from 1981 to 1987. Riggio became executive vice president of merchandising in 1987. Then, in 1995, he was appointed chief operating officer. He was appointed CEO in January 2003 and held that position till March 2010. In addition to his career at Barnes & Noble, Riggio serves on the board of directors of the National Book Foundation, Association for the Help of Retarded Children and the National Down Syndrome Society. According to Forbes.com, in 2007 Riggio’s salary is $786,358 a year. He also earns $2,323,942 in other long-term payments, for a yearly grand total of $3,110,480.

Barnes & Noble publishes some of the books it sells. It reprints non-copyrighted titles or gets the American or English language rights from another publisher. In addition, Barnes & Noble pays for reprint anthologies and omnibus editions using in-house editors.

Barnes & Noble began to publish books during the 1980s, when they started reissuing out-of-print titles. One of these titles, "The Gentle Art of Verbal Self-Defense" by Suzette Haden Elgin, has sold over 250,000 copies. The reissued edition of "The Columbia History of the World" by John Garrity has sold over 1 million copies.

Since then, the company has expanded its publishing operation. This expansion was helped by the company’s purchase of SparkNotes, an educational website and publishing company. Further expansions of the company’s publishing business include the purchase of how-to publisher Sterling Publishing in 2003 and the launch of Quamut in 2008.

From around 1992 through early 2003, Barnes & Noble released a series of literary classics for adults and children under the imprint Barnes & Noble Classics Collection. Originally available only in hardcover, most titles came in a black or cream-colored dustjacket edition. In 2003, Barnes & Noble redesigned and expanded its line of literature classics, releasing books in hardcover, trade paperback and mass-market editions.

The first store to feature a café serving Starbucks beverages was in Springfield, New Jersey in 1993. Since then, most stores have been changed or built specifically to feature a cafe. The cafes serve Starbucks beverages, Harney & Sons or Tazo Tea, FIJI Bottled Water, bakery goods from The Cheesecake Factory, candy from Godiva Chocolatiers, sandwiches and other specialty products. Although the cafés are owned and operated by Barnes & Noble, servers follow Starbucks' standards in beverage preparation.

In 2004, Barnes & Noble began offering Wi-Fi in the café area of selected stores, using the AT&T FreedomLink network. All 777 stores currently offer Wi-Fi, an effort which was completed in 2006. As of July 27, 2009, Wi-Fi is offered for free to all customers.

Barnes & Noble hires community relations managers to engage in community outreach. The tasks of these managers include organizing in-store events, such as author appearances, children’s storytimes and book groups. Community relations managers work closely with local schools and groups for the promotion of literacy and the arts. One of the things that Barnes & Noble does in the community is sponsor a children's summer reading program that promotes literacy and puts over 2 million books into the hands of the children each year. Barnes & Noble also hosts bookfairs which raise funds for schools and libraries. The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children. in 2007, 1.16 million books were collected and distributed. To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer, Barnes & Noble has started a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading, Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book.

Barnes & Noble Nook is an electronic book reader created by the company, based on the Android platform. The device was announced in the United States on 20 October 2009. It was released 30 November 2009 for US$259. nook competes with the Amazon Kindle, Sony Reader, and other readers, and includes Wi-Fi and AT&T 3G wireless connectivity, a six-inch E Ink display, and a separate, smaller color touchscreen that serves as the primary input device.

Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, Inc. is a part of the company which operates bookstores at more than 600 colleges. College Bookstores was previously owned by company chairman Leonard Riggio. It is based in Basking Ridge, New Jersey.

Barnes & Noble College Booksellers says that its store at Fifth Avenue and 18th Street in New York City is the "world's largest bookstore". This store carries a large variety of textbooks, medical books, and medical supplies in addition to the various trade titles carried at the company's main stores.



Wasit Governorate

Wasit () is a province in the east of Iraq. The capital is Al Kut. "Wasit" is an Arabic word meaning "middle". The province is along the Tigris about midway between Baghdad and Misan.

Birth defect

A birth defect (or congenital disorder) is a defect in a baby at birth, or which develops in the first month of life. It is "neutral" as to whether the cause is genetic (inherited birth defect) or environmental (causes in the environment, that is, "outside the foetus"). 

If a condition is said to be "congenital", that is neutral language. Often it is not known what causes a condition found at birth. In common use, it is often redirected to "birth defect". That term is also neutral as to cause. 

There are two main types of congenital defect. The first is caused by genetic abnormalities, which are hereditary. The second may be caused by conditions (such as infectious diseases) which a baby may get. However, we may not know what caused the condition.

Sometimes doctors may find out that a baby has a congenital disorder before its birth. They use prenatal diagnosis and screening tests, such as amniocentesis.

Some gene alleles (versions of a gene) can damage the baby.

Conditions like dwarfism are nearly always genetic in origin. One type, achondroplasia, happens when a child's bones does not grow correctly. Another type is caused by pituitary malfunction, where the pituitary gland, which puts out growth hormones, does not work properly.

Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations (or changes) in gene alleles. Mutations can cause development to go wrong, or a simple biochemical deficiency (the body does not have enough of an important chemical). In the case of a chemical deficiency, the problem may be curable. For example, phenylketonuria was a cause of mental retardation. Doctors came up with a simple test to find which babies have this condition. They found that if these children got treated and followed a strict diet, they could get enough of the chemical they needed. Phenylketonuria now causes few cases of mental retardation.

Cells divide and copy themselves to produce gametes. Sometimes, errors happen in the way that chromosomes are copied during this process. These errors are then copied again and again as cells keep dividing and copying themselves. The most common chromosomal disorder is Down syndrome ('Mongolism'). This condition happens when a child has three copies of the 21st chromosome, instead of two.

The other main type of congenital disorder is caused by an infectious disease being passed from mother to child. For example, If a pregnant woman gets rubella, her child can have many birth defects. Congenital syphilis was common a century ago, and congenital AIDS occurs today, and is common in some parts of Africa.

Screening and antibiotics has caused the number of infections transmitted by the mother to drop. It is a much smaller proportion than a century ago, despite AIDS. Also, maternal nutritional defects are much rarer, except in countries where food supply is limited. Therefore, "genetic disorders have grown as a proportion of the total congenital defects".

Sometimes mothers take chemicals which cause the embryo damage. Any substance that causes birth defects is known as a teratogen.

Drugs taken by the mother may affect development of the embryo. Pregnant women are not allowed to use some drugs. For example, thalidomide should not be used by a pregnant woman, or it can cause many defects in the foetus.

If the mother took certain things during pregnancy, these can lead to problems with the baby. Common examples of such things are smoking tobacco, or drinking alcohol. Food related: Pregnant women should eat well. If a pregnant woman does not receive enough folic acid with her food, the child can get neural tube defects.

Many women give up cigarettes and alcohol when pregnant, because this gives the embryo a better chance of developing normally.

About 3 percent of all babies have what is called a "major physical anomaly". This is something that damages the way the baby looks, or how it functions (its physiology).

Birth defects involving the brain are the most common problems. They concern about 10 per 1000 live births, compared to heart problems, at 8 per 1000, kidney problems at 4 per 1000, and limbs at 1 per 1000. All other physical anomalies together occur in 6 per 1000 live births. The human brain has had changes and expansion fairly recently in evolutionary terms. 

Birth defects of the heart have the highest risk of death during childhood. They are the cause of 28% of infant deaths due to birth defects. chromosomal abnormalities and respiratory abnormalities each account for 15%, and brain malformations about 12%. About 10% of deaths in children are because of a genetic disease. This is (in modern times) more than the number of deaths caused by infectious diseases.

China Birth Deformity Monitoring Centre says that one baby with birth defects is born every 30 seconds in China.

Pregnancies which do not come to term (miscarriages) have similar causes to birth defects. Many will be due to failures in the genetics controlling development of the embryo.

Most clinically apparent miscarriages (two thirds to three-quarters in various studies) occur during the first trimester. Chromosomal abnormalities are found in more than half of embryos miscarried in the first 13 weeks.

A pregnancy with a genetic problem has a 95% probability of ending in miscarriage. Genetic problems are more likely to occur with older parents; this may account for the higher miscarriage rates observed in older women.


Scrambled eggs

Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites and yolks of eggs (usually chicken). The dish often contains other ingredients. Cream, butter, milk, water or oil (used in China) will dilute the egg proteins to create a softer texture.

The eggs and a large piece of butter are put into a saucepan over a low heat. The egg whites and egg yolks are then "scrambled" or mixed together. The mixture should be mixed together all the time they are being cooked.

When cooked a little créme frâiche is added. This is because the eggs will be hot enough to carry on cooking themselves. Adding a cool liquid will stop the eggs from overcooking. Some salt and pepper or other seasoning can be added to taste as well.

In the home the eggs can be mixed together first and then poured into a pan. The créme frâiche does not need to be added if the eggs will be eaten almost immediately.

Properly made, the eggs should be moist and creamy consistency. If any liquid is coming from the eggs, it means the eggs have been overcooked or that the add the vegetables were undercooked.

Using a double boiler or "bain-marie" means that the heat is constant, and does not to be adjusted to make sure the eggs do not brown or burn. The baine marie method is slower than cooking directly in a pan over a heat but makes it easier to cook the eggs perfectly. The eggs must be taken out of the bain marie when cooked, otherwise they will carry on cooking and spoil.

Scrambled eggs may also be made in a microwave oven by put the ingredients in a glass bowl and cooking for 30 seconds then whisking, then cooking and whisking again until the desired consistency is achieved.

Many things can be added to scrambled eggs. Often the end result can have a different name, for example:







Elizabeth of Bohemia

Elizabeth of Bohemia (born Elizabeth Stuart, August 19 1596 to February 13 1662) was a Scottish born Queen of Bohemia. As well as being Queen of Bohemia, she was also titled Electress of Palatine and Princess Elizabeth Stuart of Scotland Elizabeth was the oldest daughter of King James VI of Scotland (later, James I of England) and his wife, Anne of Denmark. Her brother was Charles I. She was Queen of Bohemia only for a few months so she is sometimes called "The Winter Queen".

Elizabeth was born at Falkland Palace in Fife, Scotland. Her father gave her the name Elizabeth to make Queen Elizabeth I of England happy. The Queen had no children. James wanted her to choose him to be King of England when she died. She later agreed and James VI became King James I of England (as well as Wales and Ireland) in 1603. Elizabeth Stuart now had a higher status. This meant meant that more important men would want to marry her.

At this time, there was strong fighting between Catholics and Protestants in England. King James was a devout Protestant, and many Catholics did not like him because he persecuted many papists by levying taxes against them, banning Mass, and even executing people for being heretics and witches if they didn’t denounce Catholicism. In 1605, a group decided to try to blow up the English Parliament with gunpowder when King James was there. This is called The Gunpowder Plot. The group planned to kidnap Princess Elizabeth from Coombe Abbey, in Warwickshire. They wanted to make her the Queen. Because she was only nine years old, important Catholics would have the real power over her kingdoms. In the end, the group were found before they could kill King James.

On February 14 1613, Elizabeth married Frederick V. He was the Elector of the Palatinate. She moved to his court at Heidelberg. Frederick was the leader of an important group of Protestant princes, called the Evangelical Union. James wanted Elizabeth to marry someone from this group so he could have a stronger friendship with them. 

In 1619, Frederick was asked to become King of Bohemia. He and Elizabeth moved to Prague. There was also strong fighting between different religious groups there. After only a few months of being King, Frederick had to leave the country. Because she was queen for such a short time, Elizabeth is sometimes called ‘The Winter Queen’. She was also called ‘Queen of Hearts’ because many people liked her.

Elizabeth and Frederick lived in exile in The Hague. They could not return to Bohemia. Frederick died in 1632 and Elizabeth lived in Holland for most of the rest of her life. After her brother’s son, Charles, became King of England and Scotland, she went to London to see him. She died there in 1662, when she was 65 years old.

She had thirteen children in total. Charles I Louis, became Elector of the Palatine in 1648. Her other children were: Frederick Henry von der Pfalz, Elisabeth of Bohemia, Princess Palatine, Prince Rupert of the Rhine, Louise Marie of the Palatinate, Prince Maurice von Simmern, Edward, Count Palatine of Simmern and Sophia of Hanover. After the 1701 Act of Settlement, Electress Sophia and her children were made heirs to the English and Scottish thrones. This means that all Kings and Queens of Great Britain after George I are Elizabeth’s descendants.

The Elizabeth River in Southeastern Virginia was named in honour of the princess. Cape Elizabeth a peninsula and, today, a town in the U.S. state of Maine was also named for her. John Smith explored and mapped New England. He gave names to places mainly based on the names used by Native Americans. When Smith showed his map to Charles I, he said that the king should feel free to change the "barbarous names" for "English" ones. The king made many such changes. Only four survive today. One of which is Cape Elizabeth.

Saladin Governorate

Salah ad Din () is a province in north of Iraq. The province has an area of 24,751 km². The capital is Tikrit where Saddam Hussein was born and 1,147,000 people live in the province. The majority population is Sunni. In 2011, the province declared autonomy.

LATAM Airlines Brasil

LATAM Airlines Brazil () is Brazilian airline. LATAM was founded in 1961, but since 2000 it has grown fast. It's now the biggest airline in Brazil and all of Latin America.

TAM Airlines began in 1961, with the name "Taxi Aereo Marília" (Marília Air Taxi). In 1971, one of the airline's pilots buys 33% of the airline's shares. In 1976, the pilot founds an airline with the name "Transportes Aereos Regionais" (Regional Air Transport). Both "TAM" and "TAR" Airlines were combined in 2000. This formed the TAM Airlines. In 2010, LAN Airlines and TAM Airlines were also combined. They formed the LATAM Airlines Group. 

Al-Qādisiyyah Governorate

Al-Qādisiyyah () is a province in south of Iraq. The capital is Al Diwaniyah.

Limb

A limb is a part of the body of a living creature, which extends from its trunk. Examples are the branches of a tree, and the legs of a man.

In normal human body, there are four limbs: two "upper limbs" (arms) and two "lower limbs" (legs). Each limb has several joints.

Natalee Holloway

Natalee Holloway (born October 21, 1986), from Mountain Brook, Alabama, United States, disappeared on May 30, 2005 during a graduation trip in Aruba. Holloway remains officially missing to this day, although according to Aruban authorities, she is most likely dead. The disappearance generated a media sensation in both the U.S. and Aruba and sparked considerable interest in the Netherlands.

Holloway was scheduled to fly home later on May 30, but failed to appear for her flight. She was last seen by her classmates outside Carlos'n Charlie's, a Caribbean chain restaurant and nightclub in Oranjestad, in a car with locals Joran van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe. When questioned, the three men said they dropped her off at her hotel and denied knowing what became of Holloway. Upon further investigation by authorities, Van der Sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the Kalpoes were each arrested three times. Due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest.

Natalee Ann Holloway was born October 21, 1986, in Clinton, Mississippi, the daughter of David Edward Holloway and Elizabeth Ann ("Beth") Holloway. Her parents divorced in 1993, and she and her younger brother Matthew were raised by their mother. In 2000, Elizabeth Holloway married George "Jug" Twitty, a prominent Alabama businessman, and Natalee moved with her family to Mountain Brook, Alabama. Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School. She was also a member of the National Honor Society, her school Dance squad, and was a participant in other extracurricular activities.

On Thursday, May 26, 2005, Holloway and 124 fellow graduates of Mountain Brook High School, located in a wealthy suburb of Birmingham, Alabama, arrived in Aruba for a five-day, unofficial graduation trip. The graduates were accompanied by seven chaperones. According to teacher and chaperone Bob Plummer, the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong. However, Jodi Bearman—the chaperone who organized the trip—has stated, "the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move".
Police Commissioner Gerold Dompig, who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006, described the behavior of the Mountain Brook students, stating there was "wild partying, a lot of drinking, lots of room switching every night. We know the Holiday Inn told them they were not welcome next year. Natalee, we know, she drank all day every day.

Holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the Aruban bar and night club Carlos'n Charlie's around 1:30 a.m. on Monday, May 30. Holloway left with 17-year-old Joran van der Sloot, a Dutch honors student living in Aruba and attending the Aruba International School, and his two Surinamese friends, 21-year-old Deepak Kalpoe and 18-year-old Satish Kalpoe, in Deepak Kalpoe's car. Holloway, who had been scheduled to fly home later on May 30, did not appear for her return flight.

On May 30, 2005, immediately following Holloway's missed flight, Jug and Beth Twitty traveled to Aruba with friends by private jet. Within four hours of landing in Aruba, the Twittys presented the Aruban police with the name and address of Van der Sloot as the person with whom Holloway left the nightclub. Beth Twitty has stated that Van der Sloot's full name was given to her by the night manager at the Holiday Inn, who supposedly recognized him on a videotape. The Twittys and their friends, with two Aruban policemen, went to the Van der Sloot home looking for Holloway. Van der Sloot initially denied knowing Holloway's name, but he then told the following story, with which Deepak Kalpoe, who was present, agreed. Van der Sloot related that they drove Holloway to the California Lighthouse area of Arashi Beach because Holloway wanted to see sharks, before dropping Holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. According to Van der Sloot, Holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused Van der Sloot's help. He stated that she was then approached by a dark man in a black shirt similar to those worn by security guards as the young men drove away.

The search for physical evidence was extensive and, on occasion, subject to false leads; for example, a possible blood sample taken from Deepak Kalpoe's car was tested but determined not to be blood.

On June 9, 2005, Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering Holloway. Aruban law allows for arrest on serious suspicion from investigators; to continue holding the suspect in custody, an increasing evidentiary burden must be met at periodic reviews. According to Dompig, the focus was on these three suspects from the "get-go". Dompig stated that surveillance of the three began three days after Holloway was reported missing, and included surveillance, telephone wire taps, and even monitoring of their e-mail. Dompig indicated pressure from Holloway's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects. On Monday, July 4, following hearings before a judge, Deepak and Satish Kalpoe were released, but Joran van der Sloot was detained for an additional sixty days.

On April 15, 2006 Geoffrey von Cromvoirt was arrested by Aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that, according to the prosecutor, might have been related to the disappearance of Holloway. At his first court appearance, his detention was extended for eight days. However, Von Cromvoirt was released on April 25, 2006. In addition, another individual with initials "A.B." was arrested on April 22, 2006, but was released the same day.

On May 17, 2006 another suspect Guido Wever the son of a former Aruban politician, was detained in the Netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting, battering, and killing of Holloway. Wever was questioned for six days in Utrecht. While initially Aruban prosecutors sought his transfer to the island, he was instead released by agreement between the prosecutor and Wever's attorney.

With Aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence, Joran van der Sloot and Satish and Deepak Kalpoe were rearrested November 21, 2007, on suspicion of involvement in "manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of Holloway". Van der Sloot was detained by Dutch authorities in the Netherlands, while the Kalpoe brothers were both detained in Aruba. Van der Sloot subsequently returned to Aruba and was incarcerated.

In November 2007, Dave Holloway announced a new search for his daughter, probing the sea beyond the original depths in which earlier searches had taken place. That search, involving a vessel called the "Persistence", was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of February 2008 with nothing of significance found.

On November 30, 2007, a judge ordered the release of Satish and Deepak Kalpoe, despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention. The two brothers were released on the following day. The prosecution appealed the Kalpoes' release. That appeal was denied on December 5, 2007, with the court writing, "Notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved, the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that Natalee passed away due to a violent crime". Van der Sloot was released without charge on December 7, 2007, due to lack of evidence implicating him as well as a lack of evidence that Holloway died as the result of a violent crime. The prosecution indicated it would not appeal.

On December 18, 2007, prosecutor Hans Mos officially declared the case closed, and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence. The prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the Kalpoes and Joran van der Sloot (though they are now no longer legally suspects), and alleged that one of the three, in a chat room message, had stated that Holloway was dead. This was hotly contested by Deepak Kalpoe's attorney, who stated that the prosecution, in translating from Papiamento to Dutch, had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to Holloway. Attorney Ronald Wix also stated, "Unless (Mos) finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids, there's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore".

On January 31, 2008, Dutch crime reporter Peter R. de Vries claimed that he had solved the Holloway case. De Vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on Dutch TV on February 3. Beth Twitty's attorney, John Q. Kelly, told ABC News that he had little faith that the supposed evidence would prove pivotal to the case and suggested that it would be quickly debunked.

The broadcast aired February 3, 2008. The broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of Patrick van der Eem, a Dutch businessman and ex-con, who gained Van der Sloot's confidence. Van der Sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with Holloway when she began convulsively shaking, then became unresponsive. Van der Sloot stated that he attempted to revive her, without success. He said that he called a friend, who told Van der Sloot to go home and who disposed of the body. An individual reputed to be this friend, identified in the broadcast as Daury, has subsequently denied Van der Sloot's account, indicating that he was then in Rotterdam at school.

On February 8, 2008, Van der Sloot met with Aruban investigators in the Netherlands. Van der Sloot denied that what he said on the tape was true, stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time. Van der Sloot indicated that he still maintains that he left Holloway behind on the beach.

On March 20, 2009, Dave Holloway flew a search dog to Aruba to search a small reservoir in northern Aruba, previously identified by a supposed witness as a possible location of Natalee's remains. Aruban authorities indicated that they had no new information in the case, but that Holloway had been given permission to conduct the search.

On February 23, 2010, it was reported that Joran van der Sloot had stated in an interview (first offered to RTL Group in 2009) that he had disposed of Holloway's body in a marsh on Aruba. New chief prosecutor Peter Blanken indicated that authorities had investigated the latest story, and had dismissed it. Blanken stated that "The locations, names, and times he gave just did not make sense".

An underwater photograph taken by an American tourist while snorkeling in October 2009 was publicized in March 2010 after the photographer stated that the image depicted something on the sea bed which resembled human remains. Aruban authorities indicated that they would send a dive team to examine the site.

Beth Twitty alleged in televised interviews that Joran van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers know more than they have told, and that at least one of them sexually assaulted or raped her daughter. Twitty has stated that she has received copies of police statements stating that Joran van der Sloot admitted having sex with Holloway at his home and described intimate details of her. She has never released copies of the alleged statement, though she characterizes them as admissions of "sexual assault" and Vinda de Sousa, former Holloway–Twitty family Aruban attorney, has indicated that no such admission was made. In addition, Dompig has denied that any such statement was made, stating that Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with Holloway.

Twitty has been criticized for her focus on Joran van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers, to the exclusion of any other theory as to what happened to Holloway. According to the lawsuit filed by the Kalpoe brothers, she has (on various television programs) repeatedly accused them, and Joran van der Sloot, of "sexual assault" and "gang rape" of her daughter.

Following the airing of the De Vries program, Beth Twitty, adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired, told the "New York Post" that she believes her daughter might still be alive if Van der Sloot had called for help. She contends that Van der Sloot dumped Holloway's body, possibly alive, into the Caribbean. Twitty also alleges that the individual Joran van der Sloot supposedly called that evening was his father, Paulus, who, according to Twitty, "orchestrated what to do next". She, and Dave Holloway, alleged that Joran van der Sloot was receiving "special legal favors". After the court decision not to rearrest Van der Sloot was affirmed, Twitty stated, "I think that what I do take comfort in, his life is a living hell", later adding, "I'd be good with a "Midnight Express" prison anywhere for Joran.

Twitty's book "Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith",written under the name "Beth Holloway", which she has resumed following her divorce from Jug Twitty, was released on October 2, 2007. The release was accompanied by a number of TV appearances, including a full hour on "On the Record". A television movie, titled "Natalee Holloway", based in part on Beth Twitty's book, was made by LMN (formerly the Lifetime Movie Network). Twitty has continued to make television appearances when there were new developments in the case.

In October 2008, the Lifetime Movie Network (LMN) announced plans to create a television movie, "The Natalee Holloway Story", based on Beth Twitty's book "Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith". The senior vice president of original movies, Tanya Lopez, stated in the announcement that the network was "pleased to be working closely with Natalee's mother" and that they intended to tell the story of Holloway's disappearance "sensitively and accurately". The movie was expected to focus on Beth Twitty's involvement in the search for Holloway. The movie, which aired April 19, 2009, under the title "Natalee Holloway", stars Tracy Pollan as Beth Holloway, Grant Show as George "Jug" Twitty, and Amy Gumenick as Natalee Holloway. The movie brought in the highest television ratings in Lifetime's 11-year history, with average viewership of 3.2 million people and more than 1 million women in the 18-49 age bracket. Although the movie set ratings records for Lifetime, the movie was not received well by critic Alec Harvey of "The Birmingham News". Harvey called the movie "sloppy and uneven, a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation's attention for months".

U.S. television networks devoted much air time to the search for Holloway, the investigation of her disappearance, and rumors surrounding the case. Greta Van Susteren, host of Fox News' "On The Record", and Nancy Grace on CNN's "Headline News" were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident. Van Susteren's almost continuous coverage of the story caused "On The Record" to get its best ratings to date, while Grace's show became the cornerstone of the new "Headline Prime" block on Headline News, which ran two episodes (a live show and a repeat) every night during prime-time. As the case wore on, much of the attention was given to Beth Twitty and her statements. Aruban government spokesman Ruben Trapenberg stated, "The case is under a microscope, and the world is watching". Locally, the Aruban press published extensive news on the story in Dutch, English, and Papiamento.

The saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the "missing white woman syndrome" theory, which argues that missing-person cases involving white skinned women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color. CNN ran a segment criticizing the amount of coverage their competitors gave to the story despite what they characterized as a lack of new items to report, with CNN news anchor Anderson Cooper calling the coverage "downright ridiculous".

Early in the case, political commentator and columnist Arianna Huffington wrote, "If you were to get your news only from television, you'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an 18-year-old girl named Natalee who went missing in Aruba. Every time one of these stories comes up, like, say, Michael Jackson, when it's finally over I think, what a relief, now we can get back to real news. But we never do".

In March 2008, "El Diario" commented, "But if doubts persist about cases involving missing Latinas, there are reasons why. These cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons. The English-language media, for example, appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women, such as with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba. Cases of missing Latina and African American women often remain faceless, when they are even covered".

Australosphenida

Australophenida are a clade of mammals which has nearly entirely died out. Today, living specimen exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species species, but fossils have been in Madagascar and Argentina. Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.
This grouping includes the following animals:

Steropodontidae

Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia.


Steropodon

Steropodon galmanii was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or a egg-laying mammal, that lived during the Mesozoic, in the Lower Cretaceous period. It is the second-earliest known relative of the platypus: the earlist is called "Teinolophos".


Kollikodon

Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species. It is known from an opalised teeth fragment, with one premolar and two molars in situ. The fossil was found al Lightning Ridge, New South Wales, Australia.


Teinolophos

Teinolophos trusleri was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or egg-laying mammal. It is known from a lower jawbone found in Flat Rocks, Victoria, Australia. It lived during the Lower Cretaceous, about 123 million years ago (mya).

Obdurodon

Obdurodon is a extinct monotreme genus. "Obdurodon" differed from modern Platypuses in that it still had teeth (except for juveniles, the modern platypus does not have teeth).


Mario (disambiguation)

Mario is a Nintendo video game character. Mario or Mario Son may also mean:



Curtiss P-40 Warhawk

The Curtiss P-40 (also called the Tomahawk, Warhawk, and Kittyhawk) was a fighter aircraft that could also be used for attacking things on the ground. It was made by Curtiss. It first flew in 1938 and saw combat during World War II. It was not as fast high up as the German Luftwaffe fighters, but was used a lot in other places. It was used not only the United States Army Air Force, but also a mercenary air force called the "Flying Tigers." They put the mouth of a shark on their P-40s. It could fly to 360 miles per hour. In 1948, the United States Air Force stopped using it.

Flying Tigers

The Flying Tigers was a group of American fighter pilots from the United States Army Air Force, the United States Navy, and the United States Marine Corps. Claire Lee Chennault commanded it.

During 1937, Claire Lee Chennault retired from the American military and became the military advisor to China. He to looked at their air force. It was bad, and could not fight their enemy, Japan. In 1938, Chennault was going to make the Flying Tigers. In late 1941, after Pearl Harbor, the Flying Tigers started fighting the Japanese.

The airplane they used was the Curtiss P-40 Warhawk. There were about 100 of the fighter aircraft. They could not turn with the Japanese fighters, such as the A6M Zero, Ki-43 Oscar, and Ki-27 Nate, but the P-40 was tough, had more guns, and was faster in a dive.

The Flying Tigers stayed in World War II for the whole time.

The Flying Tigers are well known for things. One thing was their airplane paint, which had a shark face on the sides. They were also known for fighting hard during the war. Franklin D. Roosevelt had said they were good.

The following are flying aces from the Flying Tigers, with their air-to-air victory credits: (In alphabetical order).


Shusha

Shusha is a city in Azerbaijan. The city is a major centre of Azerbaijani culture and music.

Shusha was founded in 1750-1752 by Panah-Ali khan Javanshir (r. 1748-1763), the founder and the first ruler of the Karabakh Khanate (Qarabağ xanlığı - in Azerbaijani). The first capital of the Karabakh khanate was the castle of Bayat, built in 1748 in the district of Kebirli. However, soon afterwards Panah Ali khan realized that in order to secure himself and his newly established khanate from external threats, he needed to build a new more reliable castle. Shusha was turned into the capital of the Karabakh khanate.

Shusha was a popular mountainous-climatic recreation resort in Azerbaijan.

On May 8, 1992, the city was captured by the Armenian forces and all of the city's predominantly Azerbaijani population was either expelled or killed. It was recaptured by Azerbaijan on 8 November, 2020 during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, with the city's Armenian population fleeing beforehand.


Doritos

Doritos (), is a brand of flavored corn (maize) tortilla chip snack. They have been made by the American food company Frito-Lay since 1966. They come in different flavors, including Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch. They may be eaten with a dip such as salsa. They are made with a few different vegetables and are not fruit products. They have a savory flavor. They are made by Frito-Lays. They are typically triangular in appearance and orange or yellow in color. They are a very popular chip.










Mount Silverthrone

Mount Silverthrone is a 20 km wide, deeply dissected caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. Most of its eruptions occurred during the last ice age. The products have since been heavily eroded. It is the highest peak in the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield, the largest icefield in the Coast Mountains south of the Alaska Panhandle.

AIM-9 Sidewinder

The AIM-9 Sidewinder is a short-range air-to-air missile, which means it is shot from an aircraft to hit another aircraft. It is a heat seeking infrared missile, which locks on to something that gives out a large heat signature

. It first flew in 1953, and went into air forces in 1956. It was used during the Vietnam War along with the AIM-7 Sparrow. The AIM-9 of that time was made for shooting at an enemy from behind and homing in on the engine. In Vietnam it hit only 10-20% of the time, and could be fooled. Sometimes it could lock on to the sun or other bogus heat source and not an enemy airplane.

Later versions are better. They can see the enemy aircraft from all directions, not just from behind. They have a good hitting rate and can hit from 11 miles. Sidewinders are carried on many different aircraft around the world.

X-intercept

The x-intercept of a line on a graph is where the line touches (intercepts) the x-axis.


Liberty

Liberty means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will and alternatively, achieve their potential, within the context of other words like political freedom. It is a term that has contested meanings.

Communism and socialism claim to have something defined as liberty for them because of their social equality ideals. Libertarians and classical liberals think communism is against Liberty because communism is most of the times against the individual basic rights (life, freedom and property).

Classical liberalism conceptions of liberty conceive mainly of the freedom of the individual from outside compulsion in terms of freedom from restraint and social liberalist perspective, on the other hand, highlights the need for social and economic equality, as in the power and resources to fulfill one's potential. As such, a social connects liberty (i.e. freedom) to the equal distribution of political power (i.e. democracy) in the sense of positive liberty. They argue that liberty without equality means the domination of the most powerful. Thus, freedom and democracy are seen as connected and ultimately, antagonistic.

John Stuart Mill, in his work, "On Liberty", was the first to recognize the difference between liberty as the freedom to act and liberty as not being forced to do something. Mill also sought to define the "nature and limits of the power which can be legitimately exercised by society over the individual” and as such, he describes an inherent and continuous antagonism between liberty and authority and thus, the prevailing question becomes "how to make the fitting adjustment between individual independence and social control".

There are mainly ten types of Freedom. They are:





Liberty (disambiguation)

Liberty generally means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will.

Liberty may also refer to:







Liberty is the name of a number of places in the United States:



Dignity

Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or esteem.

"All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood".
Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights

It is easy to show that many societies do not agree with this in practice. The civilised Greeks and Romans regarded other races as barbarians. A shocking example was Aristotle's advice to Alexander to be 'a leader to the Greeks and a despot to the barbarians, to look after the former as after friends and relatives, and to deal with the latter as with beasts or plants'. Many societies based on religion have treated persons of other religions harshly, with little dignity. And sometimes political movements have deliberately and openly talked about and treated some groups as not having human dignity. Nazi treatment of the Jews came after a long period of propaganda against their humanity and dignity.



Dignity (disambiguation)

Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or of esteem.

Dignity could also mean:

In music:

Concepts:

Relating to non-governmental organisations:

Political Parties:

Dignity may also refer to:

Association

Association can mean:


Voluntary association

A voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body (or organization) to work together for a purpose.

In most of the cases no formalities are necessary to start an association. But in some jurisdictions, there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association, in others the association must register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association's existence. This is not necessarily a tool of political control but much more a way of protecting the economy from fraud.

An unincorporated association has been defined as existing:

In most countries, an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality, and nor do members of the association usually enjoy limited liability. However, in some countries they are treated as having separate legal personality for tax purposes.

Associations that are organized for profit or financial gain are usually called partnerships. A special kind of partnership is a co-operative which is usually founded on one man–one vote principle and distributes its profits according to the amount of goods produced or bought by the member. Associations may take the form of a non-profit organization or they may be not-for-profit corporations; this does not mean that the association cannot make benefits from its activity, but all the benefits must be reinvested. Most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates. Such an instrument is often called the organization's bylaws, regulations, or agreement of association.

The freedom of association stands in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:



Helen Keller

Helen Adams Keller was an American writer and speaker. She was born in Tuscumbia, Alabama in 1880 to Arthur H. Keller and Kate Adams Keller. When she was nineteen months old she became sick and lost her eyesight and hearing. The doctor didn't know what it was, so he called it a "congestion of the stomach and brain." Some people say that it was scarlet fever or meningitis. Communicating with other people was hard for Helen, because she could not see or hear. She made up some home signs that she used to communicate with her family. The home signs were quite simple, pull meant "come", push meant "go" and so on. Sometimes Helen's family did not understand what Helen was meaning with her home signs. That made Helen frustrated and she had temper tantrums. 

When Helen was seven years old, her family decided to find a teacher for her. They wrote to Michael Anagnos, who was the director of the Perkins Institute and Asylum for the Blind. They asked him to help them find a teacher for their daughter. He wrote to them and told them that he knew a young teacher and her name was Annie Sullivan. She had been blind, but a series of operations helped to restore her eyesight. Annie traveled to Alabama to live with Helen’s family and to teach her. Annie went to live with the Keller family in March, 1887.

Annie helped Helen to learn how to communicate with other people. She taught her the names of things by writing the words on Helen’s hand. At first Helen didn't understand the meaning of the words. The first word Helen understood was "water". She learned this word when Annie put Helen's hand under some water and wrote W,A,T,E,R on her hand. Then she learnt the words and sentences with this method. In 1890, Helen’s family sent her to the Perkins Institute to learn how to speak and communicate. When she was nineteen years old, Helen went to Radcliffe College in Massachusetts. She graduated from Radcliffe in 1904. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.

In 1903, Helen wrote a book about her life. It was called "The Story of My Life". The movie "The Miracle Worker", made in 1962, was based on Helen's book. She also wrote a book about Annie Sullivan called "Teacher". She wrote twelve other books.

Helen tried to help poor people and other blind people during her life. She traveled to over 39 countries with Annie to talk about her life and experiences. When Helen was in Japan, she met Hachiko, a famous Akita. She decided to adopt an Akita, and was the first person to bring an Akita to America.

Helen Keller wanted to get married. She fell in love with her secretary, but her mother didn't allow Helen to marry him. At that time, disabled people often could not marry. Helen Keller died in her sleep on June 1, 1968, at Arcan Ridge in Connecticut.

Pausanias (geographer)

Pausanias (Greek: ) was a Greek traveller and geographer of the 2nd century A.D., who lived in the times of Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and Marcus Aurelius. He is famous for his "Description of Greece" (), a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations. He is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology.

Pausanias was probably a native of Lydia; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of Asia Minor, but his travels extended far beyond the limits of Ionia. Before visiting Greece he had been to Antioch, Joppa and Jerusalem, and to the banks of the River Jordan. In Egypt he had seen the Pyramids, while at the temple of Ammon he had been shown the hymn once sent to that shrine by Pindar. In Macedonia he had almost certainly viewed the traditional tomb of Orpheus. Crossing over to Italy, he had seen something of the cities of Campania and of the wonders of Rome. He was one of the first to write of seeing the ruins of Troy, Alexandria Troas, and Mycenae.

Pausanias' "Description of Greece" takes the form of a tour in Ionia on the coast of Asia Minor and in the Peloponnese and part of northern Greece. He constantly describes ceremonial rites or superstitious customs. He frequently introduces narratives from the domain of history and of legend and folklore, and it is only rarely that he allows the reader to see something of the scenery.



Dignitas

In Ancient Rome, Dignitas was regarded as the sum of the personal influence that a male citizen acquired throughout his life. It included personal reputation, moral standing, and ethical worth and the man's entitlement to respect and proper treatment as well.

The word does not have a direct connotation or translation in English. Some interpretations include dignity (merely a derivation) and prestige. The Oxford Latin Dictionary defines the expression as fitness, suitability, worthiness, visual impressiveness or distinction, dignity of style and gesture, rank, status, position, standing, esteem, importance, and honor.

Authors who had used "dignitas" extensively in their writings and oratories include M. Tullius Cicero, Julius Caesar, Cornelius Tacitus, and T. Livius (Livy). The most prolific user was Cicero, who initially related it to the established term auctoritas. These two words were highly associated, auctoritas was thought to be the expression of a man’s "dignitas".

Over the course of Ancient Roman history, "dignitas" took on different meanings over time, adjusting for the gradually changing viewpoints of society, politicians, and the various authors.

Years after Caesar's death, his heir Augustus rejected the contemporary meaning of "dignitas". Augustus found the related term "auctoritas" to be a suitable alternative.


Tacitus

Publius (or Gaius) Cornelius Tacitus (ca. 56 – ca. 117) was a senator and a historian of the Roman Empire. The surviving parts of his two major works—the "Annals" and the "Histories"—report about the reigns of the Roman Emperors Tiberius, Claudius, Nero, Galba, Otho, Vitellius, and Vespasian.

Experts believe Tacitus wrote these five works that have survived. The dates are approximate:




Tacitus (disambiguation)

Tacitus was a Roman historian. Other people and things named "Tacitus" include:


Connotation

Connotation is a meaning that is suggested or implied, as opposed to a denotation, or literal definition. 

Today the word has different meanings, but it is always used for the contrast of a word or phrase with its primary, literal meaning (known as a denotation). That can be an implied value judgement or feelings.



Margrave

A Margrave () is a German nobleman. 

Originally the Holy Roman Emperor would give a Markgraf an area of the borders (the Marches or ) to look after. The Margrave would have to protect the people in the area from invaders, and at the same time protect the empire. 

A Markgraf ranked higher than a graf, but lower than a duke. The Margraves of Brandenburg were in control of such an important area that they were made Electors of the Holy Roman Empire, which was the highest honour in the Imperial Parliament. There were no Kings in the Empire, so when the Margraves of Brandenburg took control of some territory outside the empire as well, they could call themselves King in Prussia.

As the Middle Ages ended and Europe and the Holy Roman Empire became more secure the military importance of the Margraves became less. At the end of the German Empire in 1918, there were no Markgrafs left. All had been given higher title, but may have kept the Markgraf title as an extra. The Kings of Prussia, for example, always kept the lower title Margraves of Brandenburg.

Meppel

Meppel is a city and a municipality in the north east of the Netherlands (in the province Drenthe). On January 1, 2007 it had about 31,063 inhabitants. It has a density of 558/km² (1,445.2/sq mi). The timezone in Meppel is CET.

Meppel received city rights in 1644. It is the oldest town of Drenthe.

In the World War II almost all the Jews of Meppel were killed. 232 of the 250 were killed, so 18 survived it. Now there is a monument in Meppel for all those who died.

These are the cities in the municipality of Meppel.

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar (1465 - 1524) was a Spanish soldier and colonial administrator (a "Conquistador").He conquered and governed Cuba for Spain. He is often called "Diego de Velázquez" by Dominican historians (that is the name used in the Appleton's Cyclopedia).

He was born in Cuéllar, near Segovia, Spain. He came to America in the second voyage of Christopher Columbus in 1493. He spent 17 years in the Hispaniola, living most of the time in the southwestern region of the island.

He worked together with the Spanish governor Nicolás de Ovando in the fight against the Taíno Indians of the region. He founded and governed several towns: Azua de Compostela (1504), San Juan de la Maguana (1503), Bánica (1504), Salvatierra de la Sabana (1504, now Les Cayes, Haiti), Santa María de la Verapaz (near the present Port-au-Prince, Haiti), Villanueva de Yáquimo (now Jacmel, Haiti).

In 1511, he left from Salvatierra de la Sabana with 300 men and three or four ships to the island of Cuba to conquer that island. He was the first governor of the island and he founded several cities, Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Baracoa (the first European city in Cuba and its first capital) in 1511, San Salvador del Bayamo (1513), Santiago de Cuba in 1514 and Havana in 1515.

In 1517 he sent Juan de Grijalva to explore the coast of Mexico and in 1518 he sent Francisco Hernández de Córdoba to explore the coast of Yucatán. Then in 1519 he sent his secretary, Hernán Cortés, to conquer Mexico with about 450 soldiers but when Cortés got to México (in Veracruz), he broke all relations with Velázquez.

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar died in Santiago de Cuba in 1524.


Denotation


In order to understand fully the difference between denotation and connotation in the media studies and semiotics uses it is necessary to become familiar with some examples:

Several parts of meaning may be called denotation. That depends on the contrast being drawn.




In logic and semantics, denotational always attracts the extension meaning "in the pair", but the other element genuinely varies. See intension for some more discussion.

A denotation is the strict, literal, dictionary definition of a word, devoid of any emotion, attitude, or colour. 

Denotation often links with symbolism, as the denotation of a particular media text often represents something further; a hidden meaning (or an Engima Code) is often encoded into a media text (such as the images below).


Doner kebab

Doner kebab (also spelled döner kebab) (, ; or ) is a type of kebab. A Doner can be made from bread, salad, lamb, chicken or beef. It is cooked on a vertical rotisserie then thinly sliced. When bought from kebab shops it usually comes with salad or french fries. 

Restaurants in Germany offer hot chili sauce and garlic yoghurt-style sauce. Barbecue sauce, burger sauce, lemon juice, or a mint sauce similar to raita are also popular. 

Doners are often eaten as take-away food on the way home after a night out. There are several common ways in which doner kebabs are served.


It is a very popular German fast food. The Döner was introduced to the Germans in the 1970s.

Kebabs are very much part of the Friday and Saturday night culture in the UK rather than breakfast or lunchtime food. UK "doner kebab" often uses a different mixture of spices, because immigrants from Cyprus run many of the shops. They may offer doner, shish (lamb and chicken) and kofte kebabs, with a 'special' including some of each with bread and chips.

Murder of Meredith Kercher

The murder of Meredith Kercher happened on the night of 1 November 2007. Meredith Kercher was born in London on 28 December 1985 and was 21 years old at the time of her death. She was a student at Leeds University in England but moved to Italy in August 2007. Meredith went to a university in Perugia, Italy as part of her course of study. She lived in a house, upstairs, with three other female students.

Police investigators concluded that Kercher had been killed by striking her neck with a knife, undressed, and locked in her bedroom. Missing from her bedroom were credit cards, 300 euros (~US$450) as rent money due, and her house keys, all never found. Also missing were her 2 mobile phones (one international and one for local calls) which were found in bushes several blocks away when they rang as friends called on the next day.

A local unemployed man from Ivory Coast, found on the run north of Switzerland, without a rail pass on a train in Germany, was taken by police when his bloody fingerprints and DNA matched on the girl's body and handbag. The court judge found him guilty of the crime when his statements claimed he had seen a man with a knife and left the stabbed girl bleeding in her clothes on her bed with a white pillow, but that pillow was later found under her naked body with his bloody shoeprint and fingerprints on the pillow. He was sentenced to 30 years in prison but lowered to 16 years on appeal of his court case.

Also accused in the case were the girl's 3-month flatmate and college classmate, Amanda Knox, along with her new student boyfriend of 8 days, an Italian young man named Raffaele Sollecito (), who lived in an apartment nearby. Knox and Sollecito were both held in prison, without bond, for 4 years as they waited on the court judges to re-hear the case until they were found innocent of the crimes. None of their DNA was found anywhere in the girl's locked bedroom, only out in the hallway or other rooms.
However, the court continued for over 7 years in again attempting to sentence them, to 26 and 25 years in prison, until they were judged completely innocent in 2014.

An American student named Amanda Knox who lived in the house with Kercher, came home the next day. At 12:07 pm, she called Kercher's local Italian mobile phone, but it rang without being answered for 16 seconds. Then she called another roommate, Filomena R., and said that there were drops of blood in the house and that Kercher did not answer her phone. Knox then tried calling Kercher again two times, but there was still no answer on either her local Italian phone or her UK phone. Immediately, Filomena called back to Knox to say she was coming home, and Knox then announced that Filomena's bedroom window had been broken, with glass all over her clothes and the computer on the floor.

After Filomena had called Knox again, two police officers came to the house because two mobile phones had been found in gardens about one kilometer (0.6 mile) from the house. When Knox had called Kercher (at 12:07 pm), her phone was found ringing in some garden bushes. It was found by a neighbour who then called the communications police.

Entering the house, the police noted all the drops of blood that Knox showed them, and they confirmed that Kercher's bedroom door was locked. A friend of Filomena's broke the door to open it. The police looked in the bedroom and found Kercher's body under a duvet (quilt). She was naked except for her T-shirts pulled up to her shoulders. There was a lot of blood on her body and around the room. Someone had stabbed her neck with a knife. Her clothes were laying scattered towards the door. Two credit cards, 300 euros (about US$420), and her house keys were missing.

The next day, the police arrested three people. They arrested Knox, her 2-week boyfriend (an Italian student) Raffaele Sollecito. They also arrested Knox's boss at a local pub where she worked but later released him. Sollecito was Knox's new boyfriend, and she had met him just eight days before the murder. Weeks later, police arrested another person called Rudy Guede. Originally from the Ivory Coast, Guede later acquired dual citizenship in Italy. After the murder, he went by train to Germany. Police in Germany caught him and took him back to Italy.

Guede was put on trial in Italy in October 2008. He was found guilty and sent to prison for 30 years.

Knox and Sollecito were also put on trial. Sollecito was sent to prison for 25 years, and Knox for 26 years. They both appealed their sentences.

The prosecutors said that Guede, Knox and Sollecito killed Kercher together. The lawyers of Knox and Sollecito said that Guede killed her alone, and undressed and moved the body hours later. In June-November 2009, their lawyers presented evidence and witnesses to support a "lone-wolf" theory, that Guede killed Kercher and later undressed and moved her body away from the window of her bedroom in the house where she lived with Knox.

Guede had claimed that he had been invited to her house, as a date planned with Kercher on Halloween. While in her house, he claimed he became sick, and while in the bathroom, he heard a loud scream. In his story, Guede claimed that he saw a brown-haired Italian man holding a knife, over Kercher on the floor of her room. He then claimed that the man fought him, and ran from the house, saying in perfect Italian, ""Trovato negro, trovato colpevole"" ("found black, found guilty"). Guede said that he tried to help Kercher, as she was bleeding quickly, but he became scared and ran from the house, without calling the police or anyone for help. Guede had told officials that Kercher was fully dressed when she was stabbed, and he left her with the bed quilt and pillow on her bed. However, witnesses and CSI experts, from the Forensic Police in Rome, presented evidence that contradicted Guede's story about that night:
At Guede's trial, the judge and jury did not believe Guede's claims, and they convicted him of the murder. He had been caught because his palm-print on the pillow matched his police file, including the Milan school incident, when Milan police had released him just 5 days before the murder. Guede was sentenced to 30 years in prison, but that was reduced to 16 years after his first appeal trial.

In a separate trial, both Knox and Sollecito were tried for the murder, but the evidence was much less than with Guede. No witnesses testified that they had seen or heard Knox or Sollecito enter or leave the house that night. Also, the small amounts of DNA connecting them to the murder were in such low amounts that it could be considered contamination, and such small amounts of DNA are inadmissible during trials in British or U.S. criminal courts. Although numerous shoe prints had been found matching Guede's Nike shoe, there were no shoe prints matching any of the shoes which police had taken from the houses of Knox and Sollecito. The main issues about them were that they said things that seemed suspicious:

Because no other witnesses could confirm the couple stayed in his house, during the murder at Knox's house, they were both sent to trial. The evidence against them was very limited:
When Knox was convicted in the first trial, the verdict was questioned by some as "anti-Americanism", but Sollecito was also convicted at the same time.

Guede appealed against his sentence, and it was changed from 30 to 16 years in prison. He still says that he did not kill Kercher. His second appeal trial ended in December 2010 with upholding the verdict of guilty.

Knox and Sollecito filed the proper legal documents to appeal their convictions, and they were still considered "presumed innocent" as if the previous trial verdicts were suspended. Their appeal trial began in November 2010, with a new judge who ruled to re-examine DNA evidence against them. The judge also granted a re-questioning of witness Antonio C. about which days he saw what.

On 3 October 2011, murder convictions against Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were overturned and they were both set free that same night.

Italy's supreme court ordered a re-trial. The case was heard in Florence, and ended on 30 January 2014. Both Knox and Sollecito were found not-guilty of murder. They were originally sentenced to 28 (Knox) and 26 (Sollecito) years in prison.

Meredith Monroe

Meredith Monroe (born December 30, 1968) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Andie McPhee on Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2000. She's currently part of the CBS program NCIS.

She was a series regular in Seasons 2-3, appearing in several episodes at the beginning and end of season 4, and was a special guest star in the final series episode in Season 6, though these scenes were cut from the televised episode.


Michelle Williams (actress)

Michelle Williams (born September 9, 1980) is an Academy Award-nominated American actress. Williams first appeared in the teen series "Dawson's Creek" and later acted in full length movies, such as "Brokeback Mountain", for which she was nominated for an Oscar as Best Supporting Actress.

In 2018, Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her role as Gail Getty in "All the Money in the World".

In 2023, she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "The Fabelmans".

She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2006.

Pernilla Wiberg

Pernilla Wiberg (born October 15 1970 in Norrköping) is one of the most successful Swedish alpine skiers. She won the giant slalom in the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and the Alpine combination at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer as well as 24 wins in the Alpine skiing World Cup between 1991 and 1999. She was elected a member of the International Olympic Committee in 2002. In club competitions, she represented Norrköpings SK.

Ebba von Sydow

Ebba von Sydow (born February 18, 1981 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish journalist and author. She is the great-granddaughter of Swedish prime minister Oscar von Sydow, and also related to actor Max von Sydow and politician Björn von Sydow.

Lulu (opera)

Lulu is an opera by the composer Alban Berg. Berg took the story from two plays called "Erdgeist" and "Die Büchse des Pandora" by the German playwright Frank Wedekind. Berg wrote the libretto (the words for the opera) himself.

Many people found "Lulu" very shocking because the story is very decadent. There is a lot of blood, murder, sex and violence in it. Also: Berg’s music was quite difficult to understand. He uses twelve tone music, which is not in any particular key, although he uses it to make a style of music which is often very Romantic and expressive.
Berg started to write the opera in 1929, but then he stopped working on it to write his Violin Concerto. When Berg died, he had not finished the last act of the opera, he had only sketched it. Schoenberg was asked whether he would finish the opera, but he thought it would be too much work. When the opera was first performed in 1937 there were only two acts: the opera was unfinished. Berg’s widow, Helene, said that nobody was allowed to finish it and that it should stay unfinished. For more than 40 years, that is how the opera was performed.

When Helene died in 1976, a man called Friedrich Cerha finished the opera, guessing what Berg might have written. This completed version was performed in 1979 at the Opera Garnier, conducted by Pierre Boulez.

Famous sopranos who have sung the main part of Lulu include Teresa Stratas, Anja Silja and Christine Schäfer.

Prologue: A circus ringmaster introduces all his animals. The last one is Lulu herself, who is carried on stage and introduced as a snake.

Scene 1: Lulu, the wife of Dr. Goll, an old doctor, is having her portrait painted. Dr. Schön, a newspaper editor who rescued Lulu when she was living in the streets, is now having a love affair with her. Dr. Schön’s son Alwa arrives, excuses himself, and he and Dr. Schön leave. The Painter wants to make love to Lulu. Dr. Goll unexpectedly walks in, sees that the two of them are alone, collapses and dies of a heart attack.

Scene 2: Lulu has now married the Painter. She gets a telegram which says that Dr. Schön is engaged to be married. Schigolch, a tramp, visits her. He seems to have had something to do with her in the past. Dr. Schön arrives. He talks as if Schigolch is Lulu's father. He has come to ask Lulu to stay out of his life from now on. She takes no notice and leaves after her husband, the Painter, arrives. Dr. Schön tells the Painter about their affair, and says he must talk to his wife about it. The Painter leaves, but instead of going to talk to Lulu he cuts his own throat and dies. Lulu does not seem to care and simply tells Dr. Schön "You'll marry me all the same."

Scene 3: Lulu, working as a dancer, is sitting in her dressing room with Alwa. They talk about a Prince who is in love with Lulu and who wants to marry her. Lulu leaves to go on stage, but refuses to go on because Dr. Schön and his fiancée are in the audience. Dr. Schön comes in to try to persuade her to perform. When the two are left alone, she tells Schön that she is thinking of leaving with the Prince to go to Africa. Dr. Schön realises that he cannot live without her, and Lulu makes him write a letter to his fiancée saying that he does not want to marry her. Lulu carries on with the show.

Scene 1: Lulu has now married Dr. Schön, who is full of jealousy because so many men and one woman seem to love Lulu. One of them, the lesbian Countess Geschwitz, visits her to invite her to a ball, but leaves when Dr. Schön disapproves. When the two go out, the Countess returns and hides. Two other admirers, the Acrobat and the Schoolboy, also enter, and all begin to talk to Lulu when she returns. Alwa arrives, and the admirers hide as Alwa tells Lulu he loves her. Dr. Schön returns, sees the Acrobat, and begins a long argument with Lulu. Gradually he finds the other people who are hiding. He gives Lulu a revolver, and tells her to kill herself, but she shoots Schön instead. The police arrive to arrest Lulu for the murder.

Interlude: during the music of the interlude a silent movie is shown. In it, we see Lulu being taken by the police, tried in court, and put into prison. Then we see her deliberately getting the illness cholera and being taken to hospital. The Countess Geschwitz visits her, and gives her own clothes, so that Lulu can escape disguised as the Countess.

Scene 2: The Countess Geschwitz, Alwa and the Acrobat are in the same room as Act II, Scene 1. They are waiting for Schigolch, who is to take the Countess to the hospital. She is going to give up her own freedom by taking Lulu's place so that nobody will discover she has escaped until it is too late. The Acrobat says he is going to marry Lulu and move with her to Paris where the two will work in an act together. Schigolch leaves with the countess, then returns with Lulu, who is so ill from her disease that the Acrobat does not follow his plan, but goes off to get the police instead. Schigolch is sent off to buy train tickets, and, left alone, Alwa and Lulu say they love each other and agree to go away together.

Scene 1: Lulu and Alwa are now living in Paris. The scene is a party in a casino. Lulu is being forced by blackmail to work in a Cairo brothel by the Acrobat and a pimp. The police still want her for Dr. Schön's murder and the Acrobat and the pimp say to her that they will take her to the police if she does not do as they say. Schigolch arrives, asking for money. She is persuaded to lure the Acrobat away to a hotel and murder him. After they have gone, news arrives that the railway company has run out of money. The guests have all got money in the company. The party quickly breaks up, and in the confusion, Lulu manages to change clothes with a young man. She escapes with Alwa just before the police arrive to catch her.

Scene 2: Lulu and Alwa are now living with Schigolch. They are poor are in London so that the police cannot find them. Lulu is working as a prostitute. She arrives with a client, a professor (played by the same actor as Dr. Goll, Lulu's first husband). The Countess Geschwitz then arrives with a portrait of Lulu which she has brought from Paris. Alwa hangs it on the wall. Lulu goes out, and returns with another client, the Negro (played by the same actor as the Painter, Lulu's second husband). He refuses to pay before making love, and kills Alwa in a struggle. Schigolch takes the body away while Geschwitz thinks about killing herself, but then gives up the idea when she realises that Lulu does not care. Eventually, Lulu goes out and comes back with a third client (played by the same actor as Dr. Schön, Lulu's third husband). He argues over the price, and is about to leave when Lulu decides she will sleep with him for less than her usual fee. This client, who is actually Jack the Ripper, murders Lulu, and then on his way out kills the Countess as well, who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain comes down.

The shape of the whole opera is often said to be like a mirror – Lulu's popularity in the first act is mirrored by the poverty she lives in during Act III. Also, Lulu's husbands in Act I are played by the same singers as her clients in Act III. In the middle of the opera is the movie. Even some of the music is a palindrome (it reads the same forwards as backwards). This can be seen at the very middle of the Act II movie Interlude, when a piano plays a rising pattern of notes, which then reverses direction and falls.

Some of the characters have their own music which, in each case, is a theme made of twelve notes. This is the twelve-tone system which was invented by Berg’s teacher Arnold Schoenberg. By giving each character a theme, he is using the idea of a leitmotif, which was used a lot by Wagner. This can be heard in Scene I of Act II, when Lulu sings a dramatic solo telling Dr. Schön she has never pretended to be anything other than what she is. The first twelve syllables (If men have killed themselves for my sake...) that she sings are set to her leitmotif.

Howard University

Howard University is an African-American college in Washington, D.C.


Seth MacFarlane

Seth Woodbury MacFarlane (born October 26, 1973) is an American actor, comedian and voice actor. He is best known for creating the animated television series, "Family Guy", "American Dad!" and "The Cleveland Show." MacFarlane developed the upcoming animated series, The John Layzell Show, which will be premiered in October 2024.

MacFarlane went to Rhode Island School of Design (RISD), a school in Rhode Island where he studied animation. He made a short cartoon movie named, "The Life of Larry" during his senior year. He worked at Hanna-Barbera writing and making episodes of "Johnny Bravo". FOX, a media network, saw "The Life of Larry" and offered him $50,000 to make a pilot.

MacFarlane is a supporter for the Democratic Party. In 2015, MacFarlane revealed support for Bernie Sanders on the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and he introduced Sanders on a Los Angeles rally.

On the morning of September 11, 2001, MacFarlane was scheduled to return to Los Angeles on American Airlines Flight 11 from Boston. After having a hangover from last night's celebrations, and after getting his departure time incorrectly (8:15 a.m. instead of 7:45 a.m.) from his travel agent, he arrived at Logan International Airport about ten minutes too late to board the flight as the gates had been closed. Fifteen minutes after departure, American Airlines Flight 11 was hijacked, and at 8:46 a.m. it was flown into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, destroying the airplane, and killing everyone on board.

In August 2011, Fox ordered a 13-part updated series of "". MacFarlane will co-produce with Anne Druyan and Steven Soter. It will be hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson. The series was broadcast on Fox in 2014.
Seth MacFarlane is on his fifth animated series "Bordertown" with Alex Borstein. Its broadcast date is on January 3, 2016. It shows a family and has a female lead role.


Tanuki

Tanuki is a word for the Raccoon Dog in Japanese. Tanukis are in Japanese folk tales. In Japan, it is said that tanukis deceive a person, and that the ability is superior to a fox.

Megalibgwilia

Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from Australia, it contains the oldest known echidna species.


Mantle

Mantle is a word with various meanings:


Ajax the Great

Ajax the Great or Aias () son of Telamon, was a hero from the Trojan War. He was a cousin of Achilles. Ajax died by suicide. This happened after Achilles died and Ajax was in a contest with Odysseus to see who would receive Achilles's armour. Ajax lost the contest.


Phoenicia

Phoenicia was a civilization to the north of Canaan. that existed from 1200 to 900 BC. People from Phoenicia had their own language, Phoenician, which is the origin of most of the world's alphabets.

Phoenicians set up colonies in the Mediterranean region and beyond. Carthage was one of them. Phoenician traders went as far as the British Isles to buy tin. At their peak, the Phoenicians were a major power in the Mediterranean. 

Seattle Seahawks

The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team in Seattle, Washington, USA. They started playing football in 1976. They are currently members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Seahawks played football in three Super Bowls, winning one of them. The Seahawks have retired five jersey numbers: #80, #71, #96, #45, and #12. The number 12 was retired in honor of the Seahawks fans, often referred to as the 12th Man, while the other four were retired in honor of former players. The Seahawks play their home games at Lumen Field (formerly known as Seahawks Stadium, Qwest Field, and CenturyLink Field).

Salisbury

Salisbury is a city in Wiltshire, South West England. It is the only city in Wiltshire and is its second largest settlement. It sits at the joining of five rivers: the Nadder, Ebble, Wylye, and Bourne, which are tributaries to the Hampshire Avon, which flows to the south coast and into the sea at Christchurch in Dorset.

To the north of Salisbury is an old settlement surrounded by mounds and ditches for protection. It is called Old Sarum. Today there are only a few ruined stone foundations. This was the original town that was first occupied about 5,000 years ago. Experts think it was built there because it was close to the River Avon for water and it was near major trackways across the country.

Salisbury Cathedral has a copy of the Magna Carta. 

Salisbury has 45,000 people. Salisbury is about 15 kilometers (9.5 miles) from Stonehenge.

Jan Ullrich

Jan Ullrich (born 2 December 1973 in Rostock, Germany) is a retired German bicycle rider. He was very good in riding in the mountains. In Individual time trials he was one of the best cyclists at his time. He won the Tour de France in 1997. Jan Ullrich is the only German athlete who has won this event. 
Jan Ullrich started cycling early. When he was ten years old, he won his first race. After Germany's reunification he went to a club in Hamburg. In 1993, when Ullrich was 19 years old, he won the World Amateur Road Race championship in Oslo, Norway. In this year Lance Armstrong won the Professional World Race championchip. The year after, he became third in the Individual Time Race championchip. After this succes he became a professional member of the German Team "Team-Telekom".

Jan Ullrich first rode the Tour de France in 1996. There he won a stage and became overall second, after his team mate Bjarne Riis. Some experts say, Jan Ullrich could have won the Tour the France that year, but he did not because he helped his team-mate over the Tour.

In 2007 Bjarne Riis said that he used drugs to win the 1996 Tour. In 1997 Jan Ullrich won the Tour the France, when he was 23 years old (fourth youngest winner of the Tour since 1947). During this year he won the Tour de Suisse, German-Tour and HEW-Cyclassics. At the end of the year, he was elected as the "sports person of the year" in Germany.

Many of Jan Ullrichs Team-members said, he was taking drugs in the 90. In 2002 he tested positive for amphetamine. He said he took pills in a disco, without knowing that they were an illegal substance. He was suspended for 6 months. In 2006 Ullrich was suspected to be a client of Fuentes. In 2007 a DNA-test gave the evidence that he was one, and that he was planning to use the illegal blood doping. Ullrich denied using drugs for a long time. In 2013, Ullrich decided to tell the truth. He admitted he used illegal substances during his career.


Lincoln, England

Lincoln is an old city in Lincolnshire, England. Lincoln has a population of about 100,000 people. It is the county town of Lincolnshire, in the East Midlands of England.

Lincoln developed from the Roman town of "Lindum Colonia". Before then it was an Iron Age settlement. Lincoln's major landmarks are Lincoln Cathedral, a famous example of English Gothic architecture, and Lincoln Castle, an 11th-century Norman castle.

The city has the University of Lincoln and Bishop Grosseteste University. Lincoln is north of London, and by the River Witham, in the East Midlands.

Burj el-Barajneh

Burj el-Barajneh is a settlement in Beirut, Lebanon. It was set up as a Palestine refugee camp in 1948. It was laid siege to by the Israeli army and local Christian Phalangists during 1982, after Israel invaded Lebanon earlier that year.


Coelacanth

A coelacanth is a type of fish in the Sarcopterygii, the lobe-finned fishes. They are a sister group to those fish which evolved into tetrapods. Their fossil record goes back 400 million years, before any land vertebrates had evolved.

There are at least two species of coelacanths living in the Indian Ocean. Scientists thought they had been extinct for 80 million years until one was caught off the east African coast in 1938. However, fisherman in the Comoros islands had been catching it for a very long time and called it "gombesa".

The coelacanths are the closest link between fish and the first amphibians which made the transition from sea to land in the Devonian period (408–362 million years ago). Whereas the fishapods lived near the shore in muddy water, the coelacanths lived in open water. The modern species are predators that live in the deep ocean.

"Latimeria" is the only living genus of the otherwise fossil coelacanth fish. It is probably the best-known Lazarus taxon. That such a creature could have been unrecorded for so long is rare, but perhaps the cold depths of the West Indian ocean (in which the Coelacanth lives), and the few predators it has, may have helped the species survive. Its disgusting taste means that fishermen did not deliberately try to catch it, that is, before scientists started offering rewards.

The population living off Tanzania is threatened by Japanese trawlers, but the fish is not edible. They are simply caught in trawls by accident. More than 20 have died this way, and their total numbers cannot be large.

"Latimeria" was first found by scientists in 1938 by Marjorie Courtenay Latimer, the curator of a small museum in the South African port town of East London. She was visiting a fisherman who would let her search through his boat's catch for interesting specimens. Another one was found off the Comoros islands in 1952. The largest specimen was about 1.8 metres (~6 ft). 

Tent city

A tent city is used to describe a variety of temporary housing facilities made using tents. Informal tent cities may be set up without authorization by homeless people or protesters. As well, state governments or military organizations set up tent cities to house refugees, evacuees, or soldiers. Tent cities set up by homeless people may be similar to shanty towns, which are informal settlements in which the buildings are made from of scrap building materials.

Since Hurricane Katrina made landfall in August of 2005, the term has been used to describe temporary housing sites set up for Gulf Coast residents who were left homeless by the storm. Some of the tents that were built by Seabees and funded by FEMA are wooden structures covered by tents. With the exception of indoor plumbing, most of the tents have heat, air, and lights. The tent city can hold as many as 250 occupants. Displaced residents are only expected to stay for three to six months. In late December 2006, the St. Vincent de Paul Society in Saint Petersburg, Florida established an encampment on their property when dozens of homeless moved off of public land across the street from the society. In early January 2007, city officials noted city codes that prohibit living in tents and gave the society one week to evict the occupants of the tent city.

Every year, the Saudi Arabian government's Ministry of Hajj sets up a tent city to support Muslim pilgrims in the village of Mina, where the ritual Stoning of the Devil takes place as part of the overall Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. A tent city is also established annually at Mount Arafat, another essential stop during the Hajj . Because up to four million pilgrims may be performing the Hajj annually, the tent cities are densely inhabited with 20-40 people per tent. As such, fire and disease outbreaks are constant concerns. Since the late 1990s, Saudi authorities have started using fireproof tents to reduce the risks of a major fire.

In the military, the term "tent city" usually refers to temporary living quarters erected on deployed military bases, such as those found in Bosnia or Iraq. Depending on the branch of service and the length the tent city has been in place, the living space may have most modern amenities. For sanitary reasons, military tent cities place toilet, shower, and laundry facilities at least 50 feet (15m) from living quarters. Also, tents are typically divided into clusters of 8-10 to prevent the rapid spread of fire, which is of utmost concern because of the tent and bedding materials.

Norwegian Refugee Council

The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) (Norwegian: "Flyktninghjelpen") is an independent, non-governmental organisation in Norway which helps refugees and internally displaced persons around the world.
The NRC protects the rights of people who have been forced to leave their countries, or their homes within their countries. It is the only Norwegian group that specialises in international efforts for these types of people. 
The NRC was established in 1946 with the name "Aid to Europe", to help refugees in Europe after World War II. Today, the NRC is an independent, private organisation. It works closely with the United Nations and other organisations around the world, as well as in Norway.
The group focuses on five main activities:



Euphemism

Euphemism is the use of a word (or phrase) that replaces another one that one thinks to be too offensive or vulgar.

It also may be a replacement of a name or a word, that could reveal a secret or holy and sacred names to the uninitiated. It may also be used to obscure the identity of the subject of a conversation from potential eavesdroppers. A well known example for many is the replacement of "Lord Voldemort's" name by "You-Know-Who" or "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named" in Harry Potter. Some euphemisms are intended to be humorous.

When a phrase is used as a euphemism, it often becomes a metaphor whose literal meaning is dropped. Euphemisms may be used to hide unpleasant or disturbing ideas, even when the literal term for them is not necessarily offensive. This type of euphemism is used in politics.

Examples for euphemisms are:


List of German presidents and chancellors by age

This is a list of German Presidents (since 1919) and Chancellors (since 1871) by age at death.

Where the person in question is still alive, the age is worked out up to .

Boscobel House

Boscobel House is a house on the Shropshire/Staffordshire border, near Wolverhamptonand Albrighton, England. It was built around 1632 when landowner John Gifford of White Ladies Priory turned a farmhouse into a hunting lodge. Charles II famously hid in a tree at the Boscobel House to escape discovery by Parliamentary soldiers after the Battle of Worcester in 1651. The tree became known as the Royal Oak

42 days after the Battle of Worcester, Charles escaped to France on a coal ship called "Surprise". Nine years later, Charles ll was invited back to England to become king. In 1660, he came back to England to be the king and Charles named that day "Oak apple day".



Wismar

Wismar () is a town in northern Germany. It is on the Baltic Sea, in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. It is about east of Lübeck, and north of Schwerin. It has a university and a harbor.

Till September 4, 2011, Wismar was an urban district.

Dysphemism

Dysphemism means using of an harsh or rude word or phrase instead of a polite one. It is more or less the opposite of euphemism.

Examples of dysphemism are “dead tree edition” for the paper version of an online magazine, or the American soldiers calling their common breakfast of creamed chipped beef on toast “shit on a shingle”.


Christian worship

In Christianity, worship has been thought as by most Christians to be the central act of Christian identity throughout history. Many Christian theologians have called humanity "homo adorans", which means "worshipping man," and so the worship of God is at the very centre of what it means to be human. 

Throughout most centuries of Church history, Christian worship has been primarily liturgical, symbolised by prayers and hymns, whose texts were closely related to, the Scripture. Set times for prayer during the day were made (based mostly on Jewish models), and a festal cycle throughout the Church year pointed out the celebration of feasts and holy days relating to the events in the life of Jesus, the lives of the saints, and features of the Church's view of God. 

A large amount of importance was placed on the forms of worship, as they were seen in terms of the Latin phrase "lex orandi, lex credendi" (""the rule of prayer is the rule of belief"") — that is, the details of someone's worship show, teach, and govern the principle beliefs of the community. To change the patterns and content of worship were to change the faith itself. So even though there was always a certain amount of variety in the early Church's liturgical worship, there was also a great deal of unity. Each time a heresy appeared in the Church, it normally came by a shift in worship for the heretical group. Orthodoxy in faith also meant orthodoxy in worship, and vice versa.

The very early development of Christian worship is lost in history, but Christian worship is, normally, fixed in the worship of Judaism. The Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles present the very early Christians as visiting both the Temple and synagogues, as well as worshipping in private homes, frequently to "break bread," a term which signifies both the sharing of a meal and, when used in that context, celebrating the Eucharist. Acts 2:42 shows the very early Church of Jerusalem as "continuing in the Apostles' teaching and fellowship [or communion], the breaking of bread, and the prayers."

In general, worship for the Eastern churches and for the Catholic and Anglican churches in the West is centered in regular celebration of the Lord's Supper, celebrated by a priest with more or less participation from the whole body of believers that are there. This tradition, variously known as the Mass, Divine Liturgy, Eucharist or Communion, continues in the Anglican church and among some Protestants. A worship service in these traditions is centered on the sharing of bread (or bread and wine) although it also includes prayer, the reading of Scripture, and usually singing and some form of teaching or sermon.

In many Protestant traditions, however, Communion is celebrated rarely or not at all, and corporate worship is centered on a formal sermon, which may resemble a lecture. Worship in such a context also generally is described by spoken prayer, Scripture, and music, mainly hymns.

In virtually all Christian traditions, this regular public worship is accompanied by other forms of worship, such as prayer and study, small group prayer (often linked with Bible study), and formal ceremonies on special occasions, including weddings, funerals and events of Church or state.











The most popular religious holidays in the Christian calendar are Christmas, which is after the Advent season, and Easter, which is after Lent and Holy Week. While Christmas is very popular, especially in Western countries, Easter is liturgically by far the most important celebration.

Prose

Prose is the ordinary form of the written (or spoken) language. It is not poetry. On the written page it looks like a group of paragraphs. It does not need any special format such as lists or tables. In writing, it is without special rhythm. It is similar to everyday communication. That is what makes it different from poetry and from theatrical works such as plays.

The word prose comes from the Latin "prosa", meaning straightforward; so we have the term "prosaic". Prose writing is usually used to describe facts or to discuss whatever one's thoughts are in free flowing speech. It may be used for newspapers, novels, magazines, encyclopedias, broadcast media, letters, stories, history, philosophy, biography, and many other kinds of writing.

Prose generally has no formal structure, like meter or rhyme, that is often found in poetry. Therefore, it is used to describe literature which is non-poetic, and non-theatrical. There is, however, a blend of the two forms of literature known as "prose poetry". 

Caper story

The caper story is a special sort of crime story. In the typical caper story, one or more crimes happen (especially thefts, swindles, or occasionally kidnappings) in full view of the reader. The actions of the police or detectives may also be told, but are not that important for the story.

The typical elements of caper stories are humor, adventure, or unusual cleverness or audacity. 

The "Dortmunder" stories of "Donald E. Westlake" are very funny tales where unusual thefts happen; in another story, Dortmunder's gang steals the same gem several times, steals an entire branch bank, and kidnaps someone from an asylum by driving a stolen train onto the property. 


14 BC

Year 14 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Crassus and Lentulus.



Death of Tina Watson

Christina Mae "Tina" Thomas Watson (13 February 1977 – 22 October 2003), was a 26-year-old American from Helena, Alabama. She died on her honeymoon on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia in 2003. She had only been married to her husband, David Gabriel "Gabe" Watson, for 11 days when she died. The doctor who performed the autopsy said she drowned in a scuba diving accident. 

Six years later, Gabe Watson was charged for murder and manslaughter. He pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sent to prison for a year by an Australian court. Six months were added to the prison sentence after an appeal that took place just six weeks later. The appeal was held as soon after the trial as possible because of concerns raised by Tina's father with the trial itself. However, the appeal judges had agreed with the trial judge on most of the issues except the six month increase in the prison sentence.

Tina was a Southern Baptist and a graduate of the University of Alabama at Birmingham. She worked as a departmental manager at the small Southern department store chain, Parisian. She was buried at the Southern Heritage Cemetery, in Pelham, Alabama, USA.

While scuba diving at the site of the SS "Yongala", a passenger ship that sank in 1911 in the main southern shipping channel to the Australian port of Townsville, she either lost consciousness or died and then sank to the sea floor below. Tina's death of accidental drowning was not a criminal investigation in itself in Australia. It was a coronial enquiry. Mr Watson gave evidence to the enquiry through his lawyers. He returned to Australia voluntarily and spoke to investigators on a number of occasions. Some of these interviews are available on the Internet. At the trial, prosecutors said that Mr Watson had made a mistake in not trying to rescue his wife. They said that mistake was the same as manslaughter. Tina's father said that immediately before their wedding Gabe had asked Tina to increase her life insurance policy to the maximum possible and make him the sole beneficiary.

Gabe Watson was tried for the murder of Tina, in the Queensland Supreme Court at Brisbane on 5 June 2009. He said he was "not guilty" of murdering his wife. To the charge of manslaughter, accidental killing, he said he was guilty. The trial judge said the murder charges made against him were not true and sentenced him to one year in prison, with a further three and a half years suspended. Tina's father said the Australian justice system was a "sham". He also said one of Australia's most senior government lawyers, Mr Tony Moynihan, had been misleading the public.

The reason Gabe received the one year in prison, was explained by the judge. He said that Gabe had been accused of things of which he had not been guilty, had suffered considerably since Tina's death, and had co-operated with the Court. He said the media reporting had been unfair. The judge said Gabe had come back to Australia of his own free will in May of 2009 and given himself up. The judge said Gabe loved his wife, deeply regretted her death and felt guilty because he had been unable to save her. He said that Gabe had not caused the accident, but had failed to save Tina when she ran into difficulty with her breathing while underwater.

Three judges heard an appeal started by the State of Queensland on 17 July, 2009. The state wanted Gabe to serve two and a half years in prison. Gabe's Australian lawyers said the extra time was unfair because of the history of the case. The judges published their decision on 18 September, 2009.

To understand the outcome of the appeal, it is necessary to understand a little of the legal process and thinking that lawyers put into an appeal. On one side we have the State of Queensland, Australia. In Australia, as in England and countries such as Canada and New Zealand, the State is usually called the "Crown" in court proceedings. The appeal was heard before three judges of the Queensland Court of Appeal, which is the State's highest court.

The Crown had said that Gabe's sentence should be increased because it was wrong. Gabe's lawyers replied this was not the case. They said that Gabe had never done anything wrong in the past and he was a good person. The death of Tina resulted from an error or mistake, and the short prison sentence was fair in his lawyers' opinions.

The Court of Appeal judges also said that the murder claim was not true. The judges were in agreement about most of the trial. However they did not agree about the prison sentence. On one hand, Justice Muir said the appeal court should not change the decision of the trial judge. On the other, Chief Justice De Jersey said prison time should be increased to two and a half years. In the third opinion, Justice Chesterman said it ought to be increased from twelve months to eighteen months. To reach agreement, the Chief Justice went with Chesterman's opinion.

With the agreement of two of the three judges, the sentence was increased to eighteen months. Each judge carefully explained their view. Finally, Chesterman said of Gabe Watson, ""That the respondent himself promptly provided the information which proved the case against him and that for years he has borne the unjust charge, made very public, of murder are factors requiring substantial amelioration in sentence."" (Gabe Watson gave the information which showed he had killed his wife accidentally. Because he was for many years unfairly blamed and unfairly accused for her murder, he should have his prison sentence shortened.)

For four years, no one took much notice of the death, as there is a drowning in Queensland about once a week. Tina's parents however, set out to get the attention of the media and by 2007 had succeeded. Other people had been diving near Gabe and Tina when Tina died. One diver had photographed Tina, lying on the ocean floor, while taking a picture of another diver on holiday. This picture was not known until a couple of weeks later when the pictures were developed. Investigators were uncertain if Tina was already dead in the picture or if she was unconscious. The picture gives no clues as to what made Tina sink to the bottom.

After hearing that flowers and gifts left for Tina at her grave were being destroyed or were disappearing, even when held down by a chain, Sergeant Flynn investigated it. On a hidden videotape, he saw Gabe Watson taking them away with bolt cutters and then throwing them in the trash angrily. 

Gabe married Kim Lewis on August 15, 2008.

Tina Watson's father told the media in November 2009, two months after the appeal decision, that he thought Gabe was a copycat killer. He might have got the idea for the murder by a copying the way another, almost successful, murder was done in the British Virgin Islands.

The death of Tina Watson was shown in a 90-minute account on "Dateline NBC" on Monday, May 19, 2008. Watson's death got media attention in both Australian and American media and from media around the world. Media from Queensland described Tina's death as "murder" while Queensland Courts had found it to be manslaughter by way of a failure to rescue. This issue finally came to a head with the "Townsville Bulletin" on 10 February 2010. They again described Tina's death as "murder". Seven days later they published an apology and correction which said:

On July 17, 2010 a leading Australian daily newspaper, "The Age", published a complete review of the Watson case "Death on Reef Mystery". The author was award-winning investigative journalist Peter Patrick. This was the first media account to contain first-hand interviews from both Gabe Watson's family and Tina's family. Relying on technical experts, the story reported that Gabe was exonerated by the Queensland Court of Appeal of murder but convicted of failing to comply with a previously unused and little-known part of the Queensland Penal Code. This was a violation of section 290. He says the court decided to call this manslaughter. The story says the charge amounts to a crime by Gabe of failing to rescue his wife, once she got into trouble. It also explains Tina's extensive history of heart irregularity and the medication she was taking, on the morning of her death, including anti-sea-sickness pills. Patrick says that Tina gave a 'no' answer to the medical question at her diving induction, which asked about prior heart disease. He also states that because Mr. Watson had been absent from diving for some years, his level of rescue skill would have been that of beginner.

The story would eventually have worldwide ramifications, for in a footnote, Patrick revealed he had written to Australia's Attorney General, Robert McClelland MP, requesting Watson not be deported to Alabama, because of the risk he faced of the death penalty in that state and because he had already been tried in the Australian State of Queensland, with a comprehensive review by the Queensland Court of Appeal. This brought an instant response from an Alabama police web site, questioning the link between the journalist and Mr. Watson.

On December 15, 2010, Watson appeared before Judge Tommy Nail in the 10th Judicial Circuit, Jefferson County, Alabama and requested bail. The courtroom was packed with his friends and relatives, both Australian and U.S. media with a smaller showing from Tina's family.

Don Valeska Alabama's assistant attorney general, told the judge the basis of the Grand Jury indictment of Gabe Watson was evidence from Tommy Thomas that Gabe Watson had murdered Tina Watson for insurance money. In often heated argument, Judge Nail said that motive could not be substituted for evidence. He asked what hard evidence the State had against Watson. Mr Valeska replied that the question of motive was a question for the jury. After an hour-long hearing, Watson was granted bail with a bond of $100,000. He had to wear a monitoring radio bracelet, surrender his passport, not leave Alabama, and remain indoors at his home from sundown to sunup during the bail.

On hearing that bail was to be granted, those in the courtroom rose and cheered, causing Judge Nail to respond with the words, "Sit-down, sit-down; this is not a spectator sport."

On January 31, 2011, Gabe Watson appeared in Judge Nail's court to formally answer two charges: firstly, that he had kidnapped Tina and taken her to Australia with the intention of murdering her, and secondly, that he had then murdered her while scuba diving on the Great Barrier Reef. He pleaded "Not Guilty" to both charges.

The trial date was set for 23 May 2011 (later changed to 13 February 2012 due to security concerns). Mr Valeska told Judge Nail that important witnesses were to be flown in from Australia. He then added that a previous witness Mr David Glasgow, the Queensland Magistrate who was the Australian official responsible for Gabe's indictment of murder in Australia, would not now be called. No reason was given as to the reason why the State had changed its mind on calling Mr Glasgow. The arraignment lasted just fourteen minutes.

On February 23, 2012, the case against David Gabriel "Gabe" Watson was dismissed by Judge Tommy Nail in a Birmingham, Alabama County Court. The judge found the State's case lacked credibility and said, "It just doesn't make any sense quite frankly." In concluding his findings, he said "There is no evidence to suggest that he [Gabe] intended to kill her and he hatched it here and carried it out there. I'm going to grant this defendant's motion. Case dismissed." 

Watson was never at risk of facing the death penalty as both the U.S. Government and the State of Alabama had given undertakings to the Australian Government, he would not be executed. He faced a mandatory life sentence, if found guilty.

On 25 August 2012, The Lifetime Movie Network ran a cable TV movie titled, ""Fatal Honeymoon"".

It was billed by the Network as a movie, based on the true-story murder allegations that Gabe Watson had kidnapped then murdered his new wife, Tina Watson, during their scuba-diving trip to Australia in 2003. It stars Billy Miller as Gabe Watson and Aussie Amber Clayton as Tina, with Harvey Keitel in a supporting role as the father of the dead bride. Well-known Aussie actor, Gary Sweet plays tough Queensland cop Detective Campbell, as the lead Australian investigator. The screenplay follows much of the work of Lindsay Simpson and Jennifer Cooke, published in their book, "Honeymoon Dive." While this is the most comprehensive attempt to review the death of Tina Watson, events since publication have largely overtaken the Simpson/Cooke account.

"Fatal Honeymoon" was directed by Nadia Tass. The screenwriters were Mac Gudgeon and Teena Booth. Geoff Berkshire, writing for Variety TV Reviews says "There's no sense that these stick figures trapped in a by-the-numbers melodrama could be real people swept up in tragic circumstances...Tech credits are in line with low-budget telepic standards." Jill O'Rourke in a review on the website "Crushable", describes "Fatal Honeymoon" as a show, underscoring Lifetime's skill at "making men look irredeemably evil and women look like clueless victims".


City of Wakefield

The City of Wakefield is in West Yorkshire, England. As well as Wakefield there are five other medium-sized towns - Normanton, Pontefract, Featherstone, Castleford and Knottingley - and some smaller towns in the City area. Most people who live in those towns will tell other people that they live in those towns, instead of telling them that they live in Wakefield. The City of Wakefield has a population of about 320,000 people.

There is a mulberry tree in the exercise yard of the Wakefield Prison. It is believed that the prisoners made up the song "Here we go round the mulberry bush" as they walked around and around the tree.

Io (moon)

Io is a moon of the planet Jupiter. It is Jupiter's third biggest moon with a diameter of 3642 km, slightly bigger than Earth's moon. 

Io has about 400 active volcanos. It is the most volcanically active body in the Solar System. Volcanoes erupt massive volumes of silicate lava, sulphur and sulphur dioxide. This constantly changes Io's appearance. 

The picture of Jupiter's moon Io was produced by combining the best images from both the Voyager 1 and Galileo Missions. Superbly detailed Voyager 1 images cover longitudes from 240 W to 40 W and the nearby southern latitudes.

Io has highest density of any moon, the strongest surface gravity of any moon, and the lowest amount of water of any known astronomical object in the Solar System.

Due to the same tidal locking that makes the Moon have the same side always facing Earth, Io always has the same side facing Jupiter. Io is a prolate spheroid, pulled out of round by tidal stress from Jupiter’s gravity.

Cormorant

Cormorants are a family of seabirds. There are about 40 different species of Cormorants. In some areas, they are also known as shags.

Cormorants range in size from as little as 45 cm (18 in) and 340 g (12 oz) to a maximum size 100 cm (40 in) and 5 kg (11 lbs). Most cormorants, including nearly all northern hemisphere species, have mainly dark feathers. Some southern hemisphere species are black and white. A few species are very colorful. Many species have areas of colored skin on the face. These areas can be bright blue, orange, red or yellow. They usually become more brightly colored in the breeding season. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet have webbing between all four toes.
Cormorants can dive for 4 minutes looking for food.

Cormorants breed on rocky headlands and islands as well as near inland lakes, marshes and reservoirs. The birds spend the winter on coasts, estuaries, rivers, lakes and reservoirs.


2006 Tour de France

The 2006 Tour de France was the 93rd Tour de France. It took place from 1 to 23 July 2006. The winner was Óscar Pereiro. Floyd Landis was the first person to finish the race, but was disqualified on 20 September 2007 for taking the drug testosterone during the 17th stage of the race.

The Tour began in Strasbourg, on the French-German border. It ended Sunday 23 July in Paris. The distance of the race was 3657 km (2272 mi). The race was the third fastest in average speed. Along the way, the cyclists passed through six different countries including France, The Netherlands (a stop at Valkenburg in Stage 3), Belgium (at Huy, Stages 3 and 4), Luxembourg (at Esch-sur-Alzette, Stages 2 and 3), Germany (though not stopping there, Stage 1) and Spain (Pla-de-Beret, Stage 11). For the first time since the 1999 race, there was no team time trial.

One day before the start of the Tour, there was a doping scandal. 13 racers were removed from the Tour, because it was believed that they were getting drugs from a doctor named Fuentes. Two of the 13 riders were the expected to do well in the race. They were Jan Ullrich and Ivan Basso.


Beth Phoenix

Elizabeth Copeland ( Kociański; born November 24, 1980), better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix, is an American professional wrestler and commentator. She works for WWE as a color commentator. 

Phoenix is a former 3-time WWE Women's Champion and won a Slammy Award in 2008 for "Diva of the Year". She is the actual WWE Divas Champion, she defeated to Kelly Kelly with her "Glam Slam" at Hell in a Cell 2011.


Cartridge (firearms)

A cartridge (also called a round, sometimes a shell) is a type of ammunition, consisting of a cylindrical casing (made of metal, usually brass) that has inside of it a bullet, gunpowder and primer. It is made to fit neatly in the chamber of a gun. This kind of cartridge became usual in the 19th century.

Hong Kong Island

Hong Kong Island is an island in the southern part of Hong Kong SAR (Special Administrative Region). Most of the city of Hong Kong was built on the island. Hong Kong Island is in size.

In 2008, 1,289,500 people lived on Hong Kong Island (16,390 people per square kilometre). Years ago, when the British first took over Hong Kong Island, 3,000 people were living there in fishing villages. China officially gave the island to the United Kingdom in 1842. The British built a city on it, which they called the city of Victoria.

The northern part of the island has the southern shore of Victoria Harbour. This area is the historical, political, and economic centre of Hong Kong. The northern part of Hong Kong Island and Kowloon form the central urban area of Hong Kong. The island also includes the area of Aberdeen.

There are many famous places on the island, like Victoria Peak and Repulse Bay. There are places that are important to history and large shopping centres. People like to hike on the mountains around the island.

Communist Party of China

The Chinese Communist Party (CCP), officially the Communist Party of China (CPC), spelled as 中国共产党/中國共產黨 in Simplified/Traditional Chinese, is the dominant political party and founder of the People's Republic of China, and is the only ruling party in People's Republic of China now. Originally, the party was led by Chen Duxiu, who was the General Secretary of the Central Committee. In the early stage, the CPC got help from the , and worked with Kuomintang until 1927. After the victory of World War II, the CPC led its own army called People's Liberation Army to fight with Kuomintang. Their fight is called The Chinese Communist Revolution. The CPC won the war. In 1949, the CPC drove Kuomintang out from mainland China and established (formed) the People's Republic of China. Ideologically, it is an communist Marxist-Leninist party.

From 1943 to 1982 the most powerful position in the party was Chairman. In 1982, members of the Central Committee voted to name the leader of the party General Secretary again. The current General Secretary is Xi Jinping.

The CPC tries to keep good relationships(how good or bad they feel with each other) with other communist parties. Other communist parties also send people to have meets with the CPC. For example, the chairman of Portuguese Communist Party, Jeronimo de Sousa, met with Liu Qibao, a member of the Central Politburo in 2007. For another example, Pierre Laurent, the National Secretary of the French Communist Party (FCP), met with Liu Yunshan, a Politburo Standing Committee member.

Also, the CPC gives help to the communist party of Cuba in a wide range and a deep degree. After the disintegration of the USSR (USSR was not a whole country anymore), the CPC became the only major helpers of Cuba.

Communism had fallen in the Western Europe. The CPC began to make good party-to-party relations with other non-communist parties. The CPC also used this way to learn.

The relationships between the CPC and the Kuomintang and other parties in Taiwan, has loosened since Jiang Zemin’s time.

Tatar language

The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by the Tatar people, and is the official language of the Republic of Tatarstan in Russia.

Like many other Turkic languages, different alphabets are used to write the Tatar language.

In Russia, the Tatar alphabet is Cyrillic by a federal government law passed in 2002. It has 39 letters, of which 33 are the same as in Russian. The other 6 (and their positions in the alphabet) are:

In 2001, the government of the Republic of Tatarstan created a Latin alphabet for the Tatar language called "Zamanälif". But the next year, the federal government did not allow it to be made official. The "Zamanälif" alphabet has these 35 letters:

A, Ä, B, C, Ç, D, E, F, G, Ğ, H, I, İ, Í, J, K, L, M, N, Ñ, O, Ö, P, Q, R, S, Ş, T, U, Ü, V, W, X, Y, Z

There was another Latin alphabet for Tatar called Jaьjalif, Yangalif or Yañalif (Tatar: jaьja əlifba/yaña älifba → jaьjalif/yañalif, Cyrillic: Яңалиф, "new alphabet") which is the first Latin alphabet used during the latinisation in the Soviet Union in the 1930s for the Turkic languages. It replaced the Yaña imlâ Arabic script-based alphabet in 1928, and was replaced by the Cyrillic alphabet in 1938–1940. After their own independence in 1991, several former Soviet states in Central Asia switched back to Latin script, with some differences to Jaьjalif.

There are 33 letters in Jaьjalif, nine of which are vowels. The apostrophe (') is used for the glottal stop (həmzə or hämzä) and is sometimes thought of as a letter for the purposes of alphabetic sorting. Other characters may also be used in spelling foreign names. The lowercase form of the letter B is ʙ (small caps B), to prevent confusion with Ь ь (I with bowl). Letter No. 33, similar to Zhuang Ƅ, is not currently available as a Latin letter in Unicode, but it looks exactly like Cyrillic soft sign (Ь). Capital Ə (schwa) also looks like Russian/Cyrillic Э in some fonts. There is also a digraph in Jaьjalif (Ьj ьj).

There have been two Arabic alphabets used to write Tatar: "İske imlâ" and "Yaña imlâ". "İske imlâ" is the older of the two and was used until 1920, when it was changed to become "Yaña imlâ" and remained in use until it was replaced by the Latin "Yañalif" alphabet. However, Tatars in China still use "İske imlâ".

Since 2012, it is possible for people and organizations to write to the Tatarstan government in either the Latin or Arabic scripts, but the government has to answer in Cyrillic.

House of Medici

The House Medici (pronounced med-ee-chee) or Medici family was a very important family in Florence, Italy from the year 1300 to about 1600. They were the richest family in Europe for many years. Many leaders of Florence during the Renaissance were Medicis. The Medicis were important because they ran many banks, including the most important bank in Europe. They were so powerful they became like a royal family. 4 popes of the Catholic Church were from the Medici. Their names were Pope Leo X (the 10th), Pope Clement VII(the 7th), Pope Pius IV (the 4th), and Pope Leo XI (the 11th) 2 Queens of France were from the medici- Catherine de’ Medici and Marie de’ Medici.The heir to the Tuscan throne was traditionally known as the Grand Prince.
The family ruled the state with the title of Grand Duke of Tuscany.


Giovanni Bicep de' Medici, (1360-1429), was the first important member of the family. He invested his money very wisely and became rich. He and his son, Cosmo de' Medici, (1389-1464), began the Medici Banking Company, which did so well that they soon had branches of the bank in large cities all over Europe, including London and Paris. Giovanni Bicep and Cosmo were the richest men in Europe, and their family was politically the most powerful in Florence. 

Florence already had an industry, the cloth industry. Florentine merchants (traders) traded with Lombard traders from the north of Italy. They bought English wool and Chinese silk to be woven into the most magnificent cloth in Europe at the riverside factories of Florence. Florence was perfectly sited for making cloth. A lot of water is needed to make cloth. Other towns nearby are high on the tops of hills, but Florence is in a wide valley, with the broad Arno River flowing through it. There was a harbor on the coast near Pisa. The Pisans were not very friendly towards Florence, so Florence took them over. Then the rich traders of Florence could have their own ships and did not have to worry about the Lombard traders who brought their goods across Europe and over the mountains on the backs of donkeys.

Cosimo de' Medici was a patriot and a patron. He was a "patriot" because he acted like a father to his city. He became part of the town council. They were a group of men called the "signorina" (the seniors or elders). Cosimo made laws that adjusted the taxes. Some of the rich people did not like this at all and left the city, making Cosimo more powerful. He took good care of industry, of trade and of farming, because Florence needed all these things. He particularly needed the loyalty of all the farms and villages, because a city in a valley is easy for an army to attack. Cosimo built public buildings and when he had a palace built for himself, he had long stone seats built along the walls for the poor and the elderly to sit on.

He was a patron because he supported the church, and lots of writers, artists, architects and students. He founded a "Platonic Academy" where students could study the works of Ancient Greek writers and talk about politics, religion and new ideas. The head of the Academy was a philosopher called Marsillio Ficino. Cosimo encouraged architects to design buildings in the style of Ancient Rome. He collected a huge library of books and gave them to the monastery of San Lorenzo to be used by students. When he wanted some quiet time, he went to friary, (which is like a monastery), Sant Marco's, where he encouraged one of the "brothers", Fra Angelico, to paint beautiful sacred pictures.

After the death of Cosimo, his grandson Lorenzo de' Medici became even more famous. He was called Lorenzo il Magnifico (the Magnificent). It was during the time of Lorenzo that some of the most famous artists in world history were alive in Florence, and worked for the Medici:- Botticelli, Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci.


Giordano Bruno

Giordano Bruno (January 1548 – 17 February 1600) was an Italian friar of the Dominican Order. He was also a philosopher and mathematician. He is best known for believing in the infinity of the universe. His cosmological theories went beyond the Copernican model. 

Bruno thought the Sun was just one of an infinite number of independently moving heavenly bodies. He is the first man to have thought the stars we see at night are identical in nature to the Sun. For publishing beliefs contrary to Roman Catholic dogma about transubstantiation, trinity and other matters, he was burnt at the stake as a heretic by the Inquisition of the Roman Catholic Church.

Bruno also wrote extensive works on the art of memory, a loosely organized group of mnemonic techniques and principles.

The Catholic Church made the following accusations against Bruno:

Bruno did accept and promote Copernicus' idea that the Earth revolves round the Sun. Many believe this was one of main reasons for his downfall; others think his theological beliefs were more critical. In 1584 he published two dialogues which argued for his idea on astronomy. Eight years later he was arrested, and his trial took another eight years. His accusers demanded complete recantation of all his 'erroneous' beliefs. He refused, and went to his death. Later the Inquisition used his example to terrify Galileo into withdrawing his works from publication.


Wheel of Fortune (US game show)

Wheel of Fortune is an American television game show. It was created by Merv Griffin in 1975. The program was first hosted by Chuck Woolery from 1975 until n 1981. Pat Sajak has been hosting it since 1981. Susan Stafford was the co-host who turned the letters from 1975 until 1982. She was replaced by Vanna White in 1982. The program has been aired in syndication since 1983. The 39th season of the program premiered on September 13, 2021

On the program, three people compete for prizes. The game combines the game of hangman with a prize wheel.

There are 24 spaces on the wheel. When a person lands on a cash space, they may guess a consonant . If that letter is in the puzzle, it is shown and the person is credited the amount of money shown on the wheel for each time the letter is in the puzzle. Rather than spinning the wheel, a person can buy a vowel for $250. The program uses A, E, I, O, and U as the vowels in each puzzle. Only the person who solves the puzzle keeps any money and prizes that they earned each round.

The wheel has both money amounts and special spaces. If a person lands on "Lose a Turn", their turn ends and the next person takes a turn. After landing on the "Free Spin" space, the person must guess a letter. If it is in the puzzle, they earn a free spin token and can take an extra turn. If a person lands on Bankrupt, their turn ends and they lose all of the money and special prizes that they have earned in the current round. They do not lose any "Free Spin" tokens they have and may use a free spin at that time to take another turn. A "Wild Card" is used to guess another consonant for the same cash value that the wheel is on. There are two "1/2 Car" tags on the wheel. When a spin ends on one of these spaced, the person collects the tag. If they win a round with both tags, they win a new car. There is also a prize wedge and a Gift Tag. The prize wedge is a prize announced before the first round. To win it, a contestant has to land on the wedge, call a correct letter, and solve the puzzle. The Gift Tag is $1,000 credit from a company. In the first three rounds, there is a special $1,000,000 wedge. If it is claimed and brought to the bonus round, the person can play for $1,000,000 in the bonus round. If a person lands on "Free Play", they can take an action without any risk. They can buy a vowel at no cost. If they call a letter that is not in the puzzle, they do not lose their turn. They can even try to solve the puzzle, and if they are wrong, they do not lose their turn.

At the beginning of the show, there is a Toss-Up puzzle. During this puzzle, one letter at a time is shown on the board. Any contestant may ring in to solve the puzzle before the last letter is revealed. An wrong answer means that person can not play for the rest of that round. After the puzzle is solved, a second Toss-Up is used to determines who starts the next round of the game. 

In round two, two mystery wedges are added to the wheel. One hides $10,000 and the other hides a Bankrupt. When a person lands on a mystery wedge, they guess a letter. The person may take $1,000 for each time the letter is in the puzzle or chose to turn over the wedge. If the $10,000 is under the wedge, $10,000 is added to their amount for that turn. If the Bankrupt is under the wedge, the lose everything they have earned that round and their turn ends. If one wedge has already been turned over, the other acts as a regular $1,000 space. 

Round three is the Prize Puzzle round. The person who solves the puzzle wins a prize. An Express wedge is added to the wheel in the third round. If a person lands on this wedge and guesses a correct letter, they can continue playing the game normally or choose to play for $1,000 per letter without spinning. If a contestant chooses to play for $1,000 per letter without spinning and calls a wrong letter, or takes too long to call a letter, it is treated as a Bankrupt.

Starting in Season 37, a "Triple Toss-Up" was added to the game. During this, there are three consecutive puzzles in the same category. The third puzzle determines who starts the next round. 

When time runs short, a bell sounds. Starting in Season 39, the person in control spins the wheel. Remaining consonants are worth $1,000 plus the value on the wheel in front of the left-most person. Each person take a turn guessing a letter. A vowel may be called at no cost. Then, the person has three seconds to solve the puzzle.

The person with the most cash at the end of the game plays the bonus round. If the game ends in a tie, another toss-up puzzle is played to chose who plays the bonus round. The person who wins the game gets to pick from one of three categories for the bonus round. They spins the bonus wheel to chose what prize they are playing for. This wheel has 24 prizes, just like the main wheel. The category is then announced and a bonus puzzle is revealed. The person is given the letters R, S, T, L, N, and E. They then chose three more consonants and a vowel. If a contestant has a Wild Card in the bonus round, a fourth consonant is called. Once all the chosen letters have been shown, they have 10 seconds to solve the puzzle. If the puzzle is solved, they win the prize that they landed on. If they cannot solve the puzzle, the board shows the correct answer. The host then shows the prize in the envelope regardless of the result. Prizes include amounts ranging from $35,000 to $50,000 in $5,000 amounts and a top prize of $100,000. If the Million Dollar Wedge is bought to the bonus round, the $100,000 envelope is replaced with a $1,000,000 one. Prior to season 35, a car and $5,000 cash was also on the prize wheel. 


Shalom

Shalom (שלום) is a Hebrew word which means "peace". It is also used as a method of greeting like "hello" and "goodbye".

Similar to its use in English, it can mean peace between two persons or entities. It also means inner peace, being calm or the quietness of a person, well-being, welfare or safety of an individual or a group. 

The root of the word "shalom" can be related to ""shalem"" which means "wholeness", or to "le-shalem" which means "to complete, to reward, to pay, to compensate". This means that it is more than the absence of conflict or struggle or the breaking of unfriendliness: It also means a return to the balance, to justice, and to the complete equality.

In general, one uses the word "shalom" as the short form of the sentence "Shalom Aleichem" (exactly "Peace is with you") that can be translated as "good day (morning, afternoon, high noon...)" (a greeting). This is very similar to the Arabic phrase "Salam Alaykum" (سلام عليكم) which is again a greeting meaning "Peace be with you".

Villa Gordiani

Villa Gordiani is a park in Rome. Several Roman ruins, some of them still well preserved, are in the park.

Massachusetts Bay Colony

The Massachusetts Bay Colony was an English settlement in the 17th century on the east coast of North America. The colony was later called New England and what is now the cities of Salem and Boston. The Bay Colony also included what is now known as the States of Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.

John Winthrop, the founder of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, continued to work on the colony, and improve it any possible way. He knew that the Church of England was bad, so he decided to improve it at the New World; either colonizing the natives or getting rid of them.

There were two companies who brought settlers in the New World. The first company was the Dorchester Company but was a failure. The second company was in 1628 and called the Massachusetts Bay Colony. This was successful and brought approximately 20,000 people to the Colony.

At first the colonists had a good friendship with the Native Americans but as more Europeans moved to these areas there were problems over land borders. The Native Americans also had many different customs. These differences led first to the Pequot War (1636–1638), and then to King Philip's War (1675–1676). After these wars, the Native Americans became peaceful and others moved to different places.

The colony was doing well and made money trading with England. They also traded with the West Indies. In 1686 there was a civil war in England. King James II wanted to have total control over the colonies. After the war, the colonies remained the same until 1692. Then Sir William Phips arrived and Massachusetts Bay and the Plymouth Colony were combined. The colonists helped in the running of the government and how it would spend its money.

From the earliest times many Native American lived in this area. They farmed and hunted within their own land borders and did not cross each other's land. Early in the 1600s, explorers, Samuel de Champlain and John Smith made a map of the area.

Living in the New World was very hard work for the first settlers. Many became ill and died though the cold winter. There was not enough food, and the rest of the people decided to return to England after one year. For awhile there was no more talk of settling people in those parts. English ships did still come to the New England area for fishing and trading with the Indians.

In November 1620, a group of Europeans arrived and started Plymouth Colony. Other settlements were tried near there but they failed and the people either joined the Plymouth Colony, returned to England, or lived nearby the Colony.

The people of Plymouth faced many problems during the first years and could not pay back their investors. In 1627 the companies left the colonists to take care of themselves. Edward Winslow and William Bradford, two of its leaders, wrote about the "Mayflower" and the colony they created, called Plymouth Colony. It was published in England in 1622 called "Mourt's Relation". The two men have different opinions but it was written to encourage people to come to the New World to live.


About a Girl (TV series)

About a Girl is a Canadian comedy television series, which was first shown on October 5, 2007 on The N in the United States, and Global in Canada. It is the first scripted comedy for The N. On February 25, 2008, actor Sandy Robson announced that the show was getting cancelled. The show ended with 13 episodes in one season.

The series centers around Amy, a young college student who moves in an apartment off campus with four guys, when she finds out her dorm room is a uninhabitable sty. Her new roommates are wild, unpredictable, and...kind of hot.




Number line

A number line is a line with integers (simply ordinary numbers, ...-3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3...) on it extending forever in both directions. Usually, zero (0) is placed in the middle of the line. The numbers have an equal space from each other. Other numbers in between the numbers on the line represent rational, irrational, and other types of real numbers.

There is another number line, equally valid and useful, that extends vertically through 0 (the origin) at right angles to our traditional number line and uses imaginary numbers ("i"). These so-called imaginary numbers extend above and below the traditional number line and are used in very real calculations in many areas of science and technology and also extend in both directions forever (into infinity).

A number line is usually drawn as a simple horizontal line. Another form is the helical number line. If the line of numbers is wrapped around a cylinder following an upward helical path, it becomes a helical number line.
If the circumference of the cylinder is equal to the length occupied by ten numbers on the number line, it then becomes a decimal helical number line, and the numbers arrange themselves into columns, each number in a particular column having the same number ending.


Tunicate

Tunicates (sea squirts or Urochordata) are a subphylum of the Chordates. 

They are sea filter-feeders: they live mainly on plankton. They are called tunicates because the adult form is covered by a leathery tunic. This tunic supports and protects the animal. The adults are sessile, stuck to rocks. 

Many tunicates are colonial or semi-colonial in their adult stage. They are quite a large group, containing about 3,000 species. The adults live mostly on the sea floor, in the littoral zone.

The sea squirt has two openings in its small body. One opening, called the "oral siphon", sucks water into the animal; the other opening, called the "atrial siphon", squirts water out of the animal. Inside is a little basket-like sieve which traps food: so these sea squirts are filter feeders. The Sea squirt can close the holes in its siphons, like a drawstring can close the opening in a bag. 

When in its larval state, it looks like a tadpole and is sometimes called a "tadpole larva". Like many sea creatures, a sea squirt larva looks very different from an adult sea squirt. The larva swims for a short time and then attaches itself to something on the sea floor, like a rock, transforming into its adult form. It usually stays in one place for the rest of its life.

Tunicates are more closely related to craniates (hagfish, lampreys, jawed vertebrates) than to lancelets, echinoderms, hemichordates, or other invertebrates.

Chemical substances which might help fight diseases like cancer or various viruses have been found in some species. 

Scientists have also found out that some species can heal some damage done to them, over several generations. A similar process might be possible for humans.



Zheng He

Zheng He or Ma He is en (Chinese 郑和; 1371–1433) was an explorer, diplomat, and admiral from China. He lived during the Ming Dynasty. Zheng He was the leader of a very large fleet of ships that traveled all over the Indian Ocean and Southwest Asia. Zheng He was an eunuch of China's Imperial Court. The fleet that Zheng He commanded had 317 ships that were very large. 28,000 Chinese soldiers were on board these ships.

Zheng He was born in Kunyang, a village in Yunnan. He was born with the name Ma He (Chinese 马三宝). He and his family were Muslim. At the time, Yunnan was ruled by Mongols. In 1381, however, a Ming army invaded and took control of the area.

Ma He was taken as a prisoner by the Ming armies. He was about 10 years old. He was castrated and then taken away to serve the Prince, Zhu Di (the future emperor). Ma He became a servant at the Imperial Court. The name Zheng He was given to him by the Prince. He also came to be called "Sanbao", a reference to the Three Jewels of Buddhism.

From 1405 to 1433, Zheng He went on seven journeys to the Indian Ocean, or what the Chinese people called the "Western Ocean". He was the leader of a large fleet of ships and a big army.

In his first three journeys he visited the countries of Southeast Asia, India and Sri Lanka. In his fourth to seventh journeys he went as far as the east African coast. In his journeys he gave the countries he visited gifts of silk, porcelain, gunpowder and other goods. He got lots of unusual gifts as well, including giraffes and zebras.

Zheng He had his first journey from 1405–1407, but it is not known why the journey was made. He travelled from the mouth of the Yangtze River to Vietnam, as well as the south of India. His fleet was made up of 317 ships, more than 27,000 men, and the cargo included porcelain, silk, and lacquerware. He used a treasure fleet which is known as the largest wooden ships ever built, being long, and about wide. On his first voyage, he defeated a famous pirate in the Strait of Malacca.

For the next 28 years, Zheng He traveled on six more voyages. From 1407–1409, he visited Calicut, Thailand and Java. From 1409–1411, he saw Ayutthaya, Malaya, Sumatra and Sri Lanka. From 1413–1415, he went to Sri Lanka, Bengal, India, Hormuz, Arabia and Aden. On his fifth journey, from 1417–1419, he visited the Ryukyu Islands, Brunei, and east Africa. Then from 1421–1422, he expanded on his fifth journey. His final journey, from 1433–1435, he revisited many of the previous places and brought back gifts from many rulers.

Zheng He visited over 30 countries, and is believed to have died in 1433 on the journey home during the final treasure fleet voyage. After Zheng He died at sea in 1433, his treasure fleet quickly faded, even though his voyages had been a success. Less than 100 years after his death, all of the ships from China were destroyed.



List of elements

This page shows a list of all 118 chemical elements that have been identified.



Georg Büchner Prize

The Georg Büchner Prize (German: Georg-Büchner-Preis) is the most important literary prize of Germany. It was created in 1923 in memory of German writer Georg Büchner and was only given to artists who came from or were closely tied to Büchner's home of Hesse. 

In 1951, the prize changed to a general literary prize, given yearly by the "Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung". It goes to German language authors, and the annual speech by the recipient takes place in Darmstadt. Since 2002, the prize has been endowed with 40,000 Euros.










Brigham Young University Hawaii

Brigham Young University Hawaii, or "BYU-Hawaii" for short, is an undergraduate university that educates 2,400 students from Asia, the Pacific islands, the United States, and other parts of the world. 

The campus is in Laie, Hawaii. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It was founded in 1955 by the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints - David O. McKay.

Australopithecus africanus

Austalopithecus africanus was first discovered by Raymond Dart in 1925. He found a well-preserved skull of a young australopithecine, three to four years old. This skull is often called the Taung Child, after Taung, South Africa where it was found. It is perhaps the most complete skull of "A. africanus" known. Based on current data "A. africanus" dates to between 3.03 and 2.04 million years ago.

"Australopithecus africanus" had a dish shaped facial structure with teeth that were large compared to modern humans. While it had larger front teeth compared to the back, the emphasis was on back tooth grinding. Males had a sagital crest on the tops of their skulls. Large muscles were attached to this ridge that helped to support the heavy jaw.


Australopithecus

Australopithecus is a genus of extinct hominids closely related to humans.

The first "Australopithecus" described was the Taung Child, discovered by Raymond Dart, and described in 1925.

Their remains are mostly found in East Africa, and the first fossil is from 3.9 million years ago (mya). The split from other apes would have taken place earlier, perhaps about 5 mya.

It is widely believed that the group of which they are part gave rise to the genus "Homo", and hence to human beings.

The genus "Australopithecus" originally included two rather different forms. One form was lightweight: the gracile australopithecines. The other form was bulkier, the robust australopithecines.

It is still under discussion whether they should be put in separate genera. Here we treat the gracile forms; the robust forms are described elsewhere as "Paranthropus".

Gracile australopithecines shared several traits with modern apes and humans. They were widespread throughout Eastern and Northern Africa 3.9 to 3 million years ago.

The brains of most species of "Australopithecus" were roughly 35% of the size of that of a modern human brain. This is not much more than the brain of a chimpanzee. Brain size in hominins does not increase significantly until the arrival of the genus "Homo".

The Taung specimen had short canine teeth, and the position of the foramen magnum was evidence of bipedal locomotion.

Most species of "Australopithecus" were diminutive and gracile, usually standing between 1.2 and 1.4 m tall (approx. 4 to 4.5 feet). There is a considerable degree of sexual dimorphism. Modern hominids do not show sexual dimorphism to the same degree — particularly, modern humans display a low degree of sexual dimorphism, with males being only 15% larger (taller, heavier) than females, on average.

In "Australopithecus", however, males can be up to 50% larger than females, though usually less pronounced than this.

The skeleton, the fossil footprints found at Laetoli, Tanzania, the canine teeth and the foramen magnum all show that these apes had achieved bipedalism.

"Australopithecus africanus" used to be regarded as ancestral to the genus "Homo" (in particular "Homo erectus").

However, fossils assigned to the genus "Homo" have been found that are older than "A. africanus". Thus, the genus "Homo" either split off from the genus "Australopithecus" at an earlier date (the latest common ancestor being "A. afarensis" or an even earlier form, possibly "Kenyanthropus platyops"), or both developed from a common ancestor independently.

According to the Chimpanzee Genome Project, both human ("Ardipithecus", "Australopithecus" and "Homo") and chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes" and "Pan paniscus") lineages diverged from a common ancestor about 5 to 6 million years ago, if we assume a constant rate of evolution.

However, hominins discovered more recently are somewhat older than the molecular clock would suggest. "Sahelanthropus tchadensis", commonly called ""Toumai"" is about 7 million years old and "Orrorin tugenensis" lived at least 6 million years ago. Since little is known of them, they remain controversial because the molecular clock in humans has determined that humans and chimpanzees had an evolutionary split at least a million years later.

One theory suggests that the human and chimpanzee lineages diverged somewhat at first, then some populations interbred around one million years after diverging. More likely, the assumptions behind molecular clocks do not hold exactly. The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate.
Researchers such as Ayala have challenged this assumption.

Homo

Homo is a genus of upright primates that walk on two legs. The only living species is "Homo sapiens" (humans).

The genus began about 2.3 million years ago. Their ancestors were almost certainly some line of Australopithecine apes. Species of "Homo" have:

As the process continues, the forehead becomes more vertical, the skull becomes rounder, the teeth are reduced in size, arms are shorter and legs are longer. The skeleton becomes more delicate. particularly in our species. 

All species used stone tools, but there is no evidence of when language developed. Human evolution is a much studied topic.


Poverty in India

Poverty in India is an issue that has been important in India however the population of those in poverty has started to decrease.

The Government of India says that the poverty line for rural areas is ₹ 816 per month and ₹ 1000 per month in urban areas. This means that many people do not have enough money. India's proposed but not yet adopted official poverty line is ₹972 (US$14) a month in rural areas or ₹1,407 (US$21) a month in cities.

In India, the average calorie requirement of an average man is 2400 calories per day in Rural area and 2100 calories per day in Urban area.

In 2012, the latest report by the Planning Commission of India (Tendulkar Committee) reported that 26% of all people in India fall below the international poverty line of US$1.25 per day. Over the last decade, poverty has been witnessed a consistent decline with the levels dropping from 37.2% in 2004-05 to 29.8% in 2009-10. The number of poor people is now estimated at 250 million.

In 1947 the average income in India was similar to South Korea. South Korea became a developed country by the 2000s, but India did not.

For the first 40 years, India followed the Soviet-style economic planning, nationalization programs and government ownership of industry. Its economic growth averaged about 3.5%, while Asian economies such as South Korea grew on average more than twice that rate annually. Adjusted for population growth in India, its income per head grew at 1.49% annually, while incomes of South Koreans - rich and poor - rose rapidly.

India's Soviet-style economy included the "Licence Raj": the elaborate licences, regulations and red tape needed to set up and run a business in India between 1947 and 1990. The License Raj was a result of India's decision to have a planned economy, where all aspects of the economy are controlled by the state. Licences were only given to a select few. Corruption flourished under this system. Under this system, the country created few jobs and little wealth. Widespread poverty remained.

The Christian Community

The Christian Community (original German name: "Die Christengemeinschaft") is a Christian denomination. It was founded in 1922 in Dornach (Switzerland) by a group of theologians and pastors, led by the Protestant pastor Friedrich Rittelmeyer. He was helped by Rudolf Steiner, the Austrian philosopher and founder of anthroposophy.


List of railway stations in Melbourne

This is a list of the 200 currently operating suburban railway stations (216 including greater metropolitan stations) in Melbourne, Australia. The stations make up 16 railway lines going out from the city (and 4 greater metropolitan lines), as well as the central City Loop.

There are also a further 19 stations on 3 old, volunteer-operated, tourist railways. These are not a part of the suburban network.

Stations are broken up into 2 Myki ticketing zones (some stations are included in both zones, where tickets for either zone may be used), as well as the City Saver area, which is within Zone 1 and covers the central business district. On March 4, 2007 zone 3 was made part of zone 2.





For detailed travel information, do not rely only on this page; please go to the Metlink website.


56 stations

Separates from the Pakenham line at Caulfield station.

19 stations


The Stony Point line is a greater metropolitan line that joins the Frankston line.

Separates from the Sandringham line at South Yarra station.

23 stations


The Traralgon line is a regional line that continues the Pakenham line.

Separates from the Pakenham line at Dandenong station.


Separates from the Eastern lines (Burnley group) at Richmond station.

12 stations


53 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Southern Cross and Flagstaff stations.

14 stations


Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.

13 stations


Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.

12 stations


The Sunbury line is a greater metropolitan line that joins the Sydenham line.

Separates from the Sydenham line at Footscray station.

7 stations


Separates from the Williamstown line at Newport station.

7 stations


The Geelong and Warrnambool regional lines join the Werribee line.

Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at Newmarket station. Trains may start running on this line every day, as part of renewing the Royal Melbourne Showgrounds.


49 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.

23 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Burnley station.

12 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Ringwood station.

8 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Camberwell station.

6 stations


37 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.

23 stations


Separates from the Hurstbridge line at Clifton Hill station.

14 stations


These lines have trains pulled by diesel engines and railcar services, and use Myki tickets. All trains are run by V/Line, except for the Stony Point line run by Metro Trains Melbourne using engines borrowed from V/Line Passenger.

15 stations

Begins at Frankston station on the Frankston line.

9 stations


Separates from the Sydenham line at Sunshine station.


The Ballarat regional line is joined to the Melton line.

Continues from the Sydenham line.


The Bendigo regional line is joined to the Sunbury line.

These lines are run part-time (full-time in the case of Puffing Billy) by groups of people who want to keep old trains running, and are do not use Myki tickets.

19 stations

12 stations. In this list only, a star ( * ) shows stations at which trains do not normally stop, and are there mainly to be historic.






Flag of Kurdistan

The Flag of Kurdistan (Kurdish: "Alaya Kurdistanê") has three colours and are placed horizontally. The top colour is red, the middle is white and the bottom is green. In the middle of the white is a sun with 21 rays. The 21 rays represent Navruz.

Vector graphics

Vector graphics (also called graphical modeling, or object-oriented graphics) is a type of computer graphics. Vector graphics uses geometrical objects, like points, lines, curves, and polygons to model the image. Mathematics can be used to describe the graphics. Most often vectors and matrices are used. The first major use of vector graphics was in the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment air defense system.

The other way to model computer graphics is to use raster graphics. Raster graphics model images as a collection of pixels. Unlike raster images, vector-based images can be scaled indefinitely without loss of quality. Vector graphics are most often used for diagrams, and other things that can be described using simple shapes. Photographs are most often raster images.


Silence (band)

Silence is a German rock - heavy metal band. It was founded in 1995 in Bavaria, Germany. Its founding members were Stefan Mueller (guitar), Holger Kronester (drums), and the brothers Bernd (guitar) and Marco Wolf (bass). They played a mix of rock and metal music. Their music always had a dark, depressive side.

The band's first successful album was "Enola". It was listed as "Album of the month" in German Metal-Hammer. The album was released in 2000. Three years later they recorded "the p/o/u/r letters". It got very good reviews all over Germany and Europe. In 2007 they released their 5 track EP "The Badtime Stories". With this album they got a record deal with the German record label Biohazzard Records, a sublabel of Danse macabre.

In 2010 they released the follow-up full-length album to "the p/o/u/r letters". It was titled "Life: Failed". 

The today's members of the band consists of Stefan (singer), Bernd (guitar), Sebastian (keyboard), Bastian (guitar), Oliver (bass) and Bastian (drums).



Georg Büchner

Karl Georg Büchner (17 October 1813 – 19 February 1837) was a German dramatist and writer of prose. He was the brother of physician and philosopher Ludwig Büchner. Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller if he had lived longer.
He was the son of a doctor and born in Goddelau near Darmstadt, Hesse-Darmstadt. Büchner went to a secondary school that focused on Latin, Greek and on modern languages (including French, Italian and English). But he was mainly interested in science and when he went to university he studied medicine in Strasbourg.

In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a group which later on probably became the Gießen and Darmstadt section of the "Gesellschaft für Menschenrechte" (Society for Human Rights). In Strasbourg, he studied not only medicine but French literature and political thought as well.
While Büchner continued his studies in Gießen he started a secret society which wanted revolutionary change. With the help of the Protestant theologian Friedrich Ludwig Weidig he published the leaflet "Der Hessische Landbote", a revolutionary text that criticized social problems in the Grand Duchy of Hesse. The authorities charged them with treason and issued a warrant of apprehension. While Weidig was arrested, tortured and died imprisoned in Darmstadt, Büchner fled across the border to Strasbourg where he wrote most of his literary work and translated two plays by Victor Hugo, "Lucrèce Borgia" and "Marie Tudor". Two years later, his dissertation, "Mémoire sur le Système Nerveux du Barbeaux (Cyprinus barbus L.)" was published in Paris and Strasbourg. The ideas of François-Noël Babeuf and Claude Henri de Saint-Simon had an important influence on his work. In October 1836 he got a job at the University of Zürich as a lecturer in anatomy and went back to Zürich where he spent his final months writing and teaching until he died of typhus at the age of twenty-three.

In 1835, his first play, "Dantons Tod" (Danton's Death), about the French revolution, was published, followed by "Lenz". It is a novella based on the life of the Sturm und Drang poet Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz. In 1836 his second play, "Leonce and Lena" he describes the nobility. His unfinished and most famous play, "Woyzeck", was the first literary work in German whose main characters were members of the working class. Published after Büchner's death, it became the basis for Alban Berg's opera "Wozzeck" which was first performed in 1925.

By the 1870s, Büchner was nearly forgotten in Germany when Karl Emil Franzos edited his works; these later became a major influence on naturalism and expressionism. Arnold Zweig described "Lenz", Büchner's only work of prose, as the "beginning of modern European prose".



There are many translations of the individual plays.

Ludwig Büchner

Friedrich Karl Christian Ludwig Büchner (29 March 1824 – 1 May 1899) was a German philosopher, physiologist and physician who became one of the exponents of 19th century scientific materialism. 

Büchner was born at Darmstadt, Germany, on 29 March 1824. From 1842 to 1848 he studied physics, chemistry, botany, mineralogy, philosophy and medicine at the University of Giessen. In 1852 he became lecturer in medicine at the University of Tübingen, where he published his great work "Kraft und Stoff: Empirisch-naturphilosophische Studien" (Force and Matter: Empiricophilosophical Studies, 1855). In this work, he sought to demonstrate the indestructibility of matter and force. The extreme materialism of this work excited so much opposition that he was compelled to give up his post at Tübingen. He retired to Darmstadt, where he practiced as a physician and contributed regularly to pathological and physiological magazines. 

He died at Darmstadt on 1 May 1899. 

Ludwig Büchner was the brother of Georg Büchner, a famous playwright.


Goitre

A goitre or goiter (Latin: "struma"), also called a bronchocele, is a swelling in the neck (just below Adam's apple or larynx). It happens when the thyroid gland gets larger (usually because the body is not getting enough iodine). Goitre and associated deaf-muteism was widespread in Switzerland until the 1920s, when iodised salt was introduced. 

Goitres are classified in different ways (put into different categories): 


Some of the causes of goitre include:

New research says that some people may be more vulnerable to goitre (more likely to have goiters) because they inherited that vulnerability (it was passed down to them from their parents).



Cincinnati Reds

The Cincinnati Reds are a Major League Baseball team from Cincinnati, Ohio, are the oldest team in professional baseball, established in 1869. The team was known as the Cincinnati Red Stockings until 1878, when the team changed the name to the current Cincinnati Reds. The Reds joined the National League in 1876 The Reds have won World Series championships in 1919, 1940, 1975, 1976 and 1990. The strong Reds teams of the 1970s were nicknamed "The Big Red Machine". From 1912 to 1970, the Reds home stadium was Crosley Field, from 1970-2002 home games were played at Riverfront Stadium. Since 2003 the Reds have played home games at Great American Ballpark.


Josh Beckett

Joshua Patrick Beckett (born May 15, 1980) is an American former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He has played for the Florida Marlins, Boston Red Sox, and the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Curt Schilling

Curtis Montague (Curt) Schilling (born November 14, 1966 in Anchorage, Alaska) is an American Major League Baseball starting pitcher. Schilling is a right-handed starting pitcher for the Boston Red Sox. He has won World Series championships in 2001 with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in 2004 and 2007 with the Red Sox. Schilling began his career on September 7, 1988 playing for the Baltimore Orioles.

On Wednesday, February 5, 2014 Schilling revealed that he has been diagnosed with and is being treated for cancer.

In 2016, Schilling announced that he is interested in running for President of the United States in the future if Hillary Clinton were to win.


Adam Dunn

Adam Troy Dunn (born November 9, 1979, in Houston, Texas), nicknamed "Big Donkey", is an American retired Major League Baseball first baseman, outfielder, and designated hitter. He played for the Cincinnati Reds, Arizona Diamondbacks, Washington Nationals, Chicago White Sox and Oakland Athletics. He batted left-handed and throws right-handed. Dunn retired after the 2014 season.


Stroke

A stroke is an illness in which part of the brain loses its blood supply. This can happen if an artery that feeds blood to the brain gets clogged, or if it tears and leaks.

A stroke is when there is a lack of blood flow to the brain. There are two types of strokes. One is when there is a blood clot blocking the artery. The other type of stroke is when a blood vessel bursts and there is blood moving around freely in the brain.

A stroke is the rapid loss of brain function(s) due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. This can happen because of ischemia (lack of blood flow) caused by blockage (thrombosis, arterial embolism), or a haemorrhage (leakage of blood).

As a result, the affected area of the brain cannot work properly. Symptoms might include: hemiplegia (an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body), aphasia (inability to understand or use language), or an inability to see one side of the visual field.

A stroke is a medical emergency. It can cause permanent damage. If it is not quickly treated, it may lead to death. It is the third most common cause of death and the most common cause of disability for adults in the United States and Europe.

Strokes happen on both the left and right side of the brain. When a stroke happens on the left side of someone’s brain, it affects the right side of the body. It can also cause problems with the patient’s speech and language. If a stroke affects the right side of the brain, it affects the left side of the body. It also changes patient’s spatial (relating to space) perceptions. Getting a stroke on the right side of the brain can also cause people to not acknowledge their illness. Patients behave impulsively and neglect the side of their body.

Factors that increase the risk of a stroke include old age, high blood pressure, a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, smoking, atrial fibrillation, migraine with aura, and thrombophilia (a tendency to thrombosis). Of those factors, the most easy to fix are high blood pressure and smoking.

The Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale was designed to help "pre-hospital" medical professionals (like EMTs) identify a possible stroke before the patient gets to the hospital. It tests three basic signs. If any of these signs are not normal, the patient may be having a stroke and should be transported to a hospital as soon as possible.


About 72% of patients who cannot do one of these three tasks normally are having an ischemic stroke. More than 85% of patients who cannot do all three tasks are having an acute stroke.

The 'spot a stroke' campaign, created by the American Heart Association and the American Stroke Association, teaches everyday people how to recognize a stroke. It teaches the basic tests from the Cincinnati Stroke Scale, using the acronym FAST:

Once the patient is in the hospital, doctors can find out for sure whether they are having a stroke by looking at their brain with special scanning machines, like an MRI or a CT scanner.

Strokes can kill. To prevent a stroke, doctors advise people to:




Wheel of Fortune

Wheel of Fortune could mean a popular TV game show:

Wheel of Fortune could also mean:

Rota Fortunae

The Wheel of Fortune, or "Rota Fortunae", is a concept in medieval and ancient philosophy and means the unpredictable nature of Fate. The wheel belongs to the goddess Fortuna, who spins it at random, changing the positions of those on the wheel - some suffer great misfortune, others gain windfalls.

The concept developed in antiquity; it was used by Cicero. The Wheel originally belonged to the Roman goddess Fortuna, whose name seems to derive from "Vortumna", "she who revolves the year". Fortuna eventually became Christianized: the Roman philosopher Boethius (d. 524) was a major source for the medieval view of the Wheel, writing about it in his"Consolatio Philosophiae".

The Wheel of Fortune motif appears significantly in the "Carmina Burana" (or "Burana Codex"), over one thousand poems and songs — often profane in content — written by students and clergy in the early 13th century. Excerpts from two of the collection's better known poems, ""Fortuna Imperatrix Mundi" (Fortune, Empress of the World)" and ""Fortune Plango Vulnera" (I Bemoan the Wounds of Fortune)," read:The concept developed in antiquity; it was used by Cicero. The Wheel originally belonged to the Roman goddess Fortuna, whose name seems to derive from "Vortumna", "she who revolves the year". Fortuna eventually became Christianized: the Roman philosopher Boethius (d. 524) was a major source for the medieval view of the Wheel, writing about it in his"Consolatio Philosophiae".vv

Fortuna and her Wheel have remained an enduring image throughout history.

William Shakespeare in "Hamlet" wrote of the "slings and arrows of outrageous fortune" and, of fortune personified, to "break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel." And in "Henry V", Act 3 Scene VI, are the lines:

Selections from the "Carmina Burana", including the two poems quoted above, were set to new music by twentieth-century classical composer Carl Orff, whose bombastic and well-known "O Fortuna" is based on the poem "Fortuna Imperatrix Mundi".

Fortuna does occasionally turn up in modern literature. She is often associated with gamblers, and dice could also be said to have replaced the Wheel as the primary metaphor for uncertain fortune.


Raster graphics

Raster graphics is one of the two different kinds of computer graphics. Raster graphics are also called bitmap graphics.

With raster graphics, images are made of many tiny dots. The dots are called pixels.

The individual pixels of a raster image each has its own color.

The problem with raster graphics is that they can look blurry when zoomed in on. Therefore, there is another type of graphics called Vector graphics that work differently.

A computer monitor is a good example of a raster image because it is made of pixels. The number of pixels it has is called the resolution of the monitor. Another example is photographs, which are normally raster images.
Many printers today use computer languages like Postscript or PCL. These languages are usually based on the other type of computer graphics, called vector graphics. 

But to be printed, these images need to be translated into raster graphics first. 

This is done by a part called a Raster Image Processor. Most modern printers have those processors inside the printer. Some printers use a special piece of software on the computer to do that job.

Postscript

Postscript is a programming language. It was developed by Adobe, in 1984. It is a standard used by many computer printers. There are three different versions of it, Postscript Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3.

The Portable Document Format is another standard, also from Adobe. It is better adapted to printing. Many things computer languages have, have been dropped to develop PDF.

And finally, a Hello World program, the customary way to show a small example of a complete program in a given language, might look like this in Postscript:

or if the output device has a console

Horse chestnut

A horse chestnut ("Aesculus hippocastanum"), also known as the horse-chestnut, buckeye, conker tree, or Spanish chestnut, is a large deciduous tree. It is native to southern Europe, in the Balkans. It is often grown in temperate climates. It can grow up to 36 metres tall. The name of the tree (and the whole genus of similar trees) is because its fruit, the conker, was used to treat horses, against cough and some parasite worms. 

Horse chestnuts are not edible for humans. The trees are not closely related to sweet chestnuts.

Francisco Pizarro

Francisco Pizarro González, Marqués de los Atabillos (16 March 1478 – 26 June 1541) was a Spanish conquistador. Today, he is known as the conqueror of the Inca Empire. He also founded Lima, La Ciudad de los Reyes, capital of Peru. Pizarro was born in Trujillo, Extremadura, Spain.

He was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro Rodríguez de Aguilar (senior) who as colonel of infantry served in the Italian campaigns under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba, and in Navarre, with some distinction. His mother was Francisca González Mateos, a woman of slender means from Trujillo. Through his father, Francisco was second cousin to Hernán Cortés, the famed conquistador of Mexico.

In 1502, Pizarro traveled to the New World where he joined in several expeditions to see the Pacific Ocean. In 1513 Pizarro joined the expedition of Vasco Núñez de Balboa across the Isthmus of Panama to become one of the first Europeans to see the Pacific Ocean. In 1524, after hearing stories about the exploration of Peru, he joined Diego de Almagro and Hernando de Soto. Together, they agreed to travel to Peru and look for gold. Despite the expedition ending in failure, Pizarro managed to make connections with the Inca people.

In 1528 he returned to Spain, where the king allowed him to conquer the new land for Spain. Pizarro himself was to be named governor of Peru. In 1531 he landed in Peru again, leading fewer than 300 soldiers. The country was devastated by a recent civil war between Atahualpa and Huascar, the sons of the dead emperor. In November 1532, Pizarro met Atahualpa in the city of Cajamarca and managed to capture him, even though the Inca was protected by thousands of soldiers. The weapons of the Spaniards proved superior. In 1533, after paying a huge ransom for his release, Atahualpa requested to be let free but Pizarro killed him anyway. He then continued south into Peru and captured the capital of Cuzco.

In 1535, Pizarro founded a new capital named La Ciudad de los Reyes, today known as Lima. However, some Spaniards had not been part of the capture of the Inca and therefore had not been paid any gold. Led by Almagro, the "Almagristas", Almagro's men, marched south into present-day Chile to find new riches, while Pizarro stayed in Peru. The Inca were treated very poorly and their riches stolen by the Spaniards, who built huge estates or brought gold back to Spain.

In 1536, the Inca tried to overthrow him in a rebellion, but failed since Pizarro managed to subdue the Incas after a year of fights.

However, the Spaniards had became so weakened that when Almagro returned, he took power and expelled Pizarro to the north. Pizarro returned with an army in 1538 and defeated Almagro. Almagro was executed in the plaza of Cuzco and Pizarro was again sole ruler.

However, Almagro had a son who swore revenge, and in 1541, Pizarro was assassinated in his palace in Lima by a number of men following Diego Almagro the younger. He was himself caught and executed the following year, so was the last brother of Pizarro struggling for power in Peru, in 1548. Then the Spanish king took personal control over the country by a personal envoy, the "Viceroy".


Bingo

Bingo or Housie is a game where people try to match numbers drawn at random with numbers on a card. When someone does this, they call "BINGO!" or "HOUSE!" very loud so everyone playing can hear.

The game was invented in Italy in the 1500s. The game slowly moved to other countries like France, Great Britain, and other parts of Europe. Bingo originates from the Italian lottery, Il Gioco del Lotto d'Italia. In Paris the game was known as Le Lotto, played by the rich part of French society. Since then the game become popular all over the world and today Charitable Bingo in US is worth $3 Billion.

In the United Kingdom, the game is played by marking a card. The card has 27 squares in 3 rows of 9. 15 squares have a numbers between 1 and 90. 5 numbers on each row. The winner is the first player to mark the 5 numbers in one line or all fifteen numbers on the card.

Bingo cards are normally printed in strips of six. A strip of six cards has every number between 1 and 90. Many people buy only 4 cards, so that the other two cards were usually wasted. Edward Thompson and Company, the largest printer of bingo tickets in the UK found a way to print strips of 12 so that there would be less waste, and so that any 6 tickets had all of the numbers 1 to 90.

In the UK, all money used to buy the bingo ticket must be given back in prize money. The owner of a bingo club is allowed to charge an entrance fee and also a "participation fee" (a fee to be allowed to take part in the bingo game).

In the United States, the game is played by a group of people. All of the group has cards and tokens. When a number is called that you have on your card, you place a token on that spot. The first person to make a line of 5 tokens up or down, across, or diagonally wins the game. This game is played for prizes usually.

9 (number)

Nine is the Arabic number which comes after 8 and before 10. It is an odd number, and is the highest single-digit number. It is also a square number. In Roman numerals, nine can be written as IX.

The number nine (9) takes the shape of an upside-down six (6), is a multiple of 3, and the third square number after 4.

Nine is also a composite number, having the factors: 1, 3 and 9 itself.

5 (number)

The number five is a number that comes after four and before the number six. In Roman numerals, it is V. 

Five is the third prime number, after two and three, and before seven. The number five is also an odd number.

Most people have five fingers (including one thumb) on each hand and five toes on each foot.

It is not known for certain who and how the shape of the number five was created, but most people think it was made by the Brahmin Indians.

Hurling

Hurling (in Irish, "iománaíocht" or "iomáint") is an Irish outdoor team sport similar to hockey, played by two teams of 15 people.

The object of the game is for players to use a wooden axe-shaped stick called a hurley (in Irish a "camán", pronounced kam-awn), or a hurl, to hit a small ball called a sliotar (pronounced slith-er) between the opponents' goalposts either over the crossbar for one point, or under the crossbar into a net guarded by a goalkeeper for one goal, which is equivalent to three points.

The ball can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than four steps, struck in the air, or struck on the ground with the stick. It can be kicked or slapped with an open hand (the hand pass) for short-range passing. A player who wants to carry the ball for more than three steps has to bounce or balance the ball on the end of the stick, and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession.


 Hurling is played on a pitch approximately 137m long and 82m wide The goals at each end of the field are formed by two posts, which are usually 6 m high, set 6.4 m apart, and connected 2.44 m above the ground by a crossbar. A net extending in back of the goal is attached to the crossbar and lower goal posts.



6 (number)

The number six is a natural number that comes after the number five and before the number seven. 

Six is also the first perfect number which means that the sum of its factors (1, 2 and 3) are equal to the number itself (6). The next perfect number is 28. In Roman numerals, it is VI.

The number six is an even number.

4 (number)

The number four is a number and a numeral. It comes after the number three, and before the number five. In Roman numerals, it is IV.

In mathematics, the number four is an even number and the smallest composite number. Four is also the second square number after one.
A small minority of people have four fingers on each hand and four toes on each foot. Four squared is 16, and four doubled is 8.

In geometry, quadrilaterals or tetragons are a kind of shapes called polygons have four sides and vertices, to which squares are quadrilaterals with sides of same length and vertices of the same wideness.

7 (number)

The number seven is a natural number that comes after six and before eight. In Roman numerals, it is VII.

In mathematics, the number seven is an odd number and a prime number.
It is also a Mersenne prime.
Example

918785
77 is divisible by 7, so the original number 918785 is also divisible by 7.

Proof:
Pretend formula_1 is the root number and formula_2 is the last digit. Then formula_3 is the whole number.
If the whole number (formula_3) is divisible by 7, formula_5 is also a multiple of 7. And formula_6 is also a multiple 7. That proves formula_7 is divisible by seven, since 3 and 6 are both multiples of 3. So formula_8 is also divisible by 7.


8 (number)

The number eight is a natural number that comes after the number seven and before the number nine. In Roman numerals, it is VIII.

In mathematics, the number eight is an even number and a composite number. Eight is also a power of two, being 2 times itself 3 times.

Donatello

Donatello (born Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi, c. 1386 – 13 December 1466) was an Italian sculptor during the Renaissance. He lived in Florence. He worked in stone, bronze, wood, clay, and wax with several assistants. His reputation as a great artist was stated by Vasari, and has always stood well. He worked in Rome, Sienna and Padua as well as Florence, and worked for the Church, for Cosimo de' Medici, and for various city authorities.

He was born in Florence. He was the son of Niccolo di Betto Bardi. His mother's name is not known. When Donatello was older, he studied with Filippo Brunelleschi the architect. He also helped the sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti to make statues for the Battistero di San Giovanni.

Donatello's work was inspired by ancient sculpture. He was the first sculptor of his time to celebrate the human body, an idea that had died out after Greek and Roman times. His life-size statue of David is his best-known work. The David is the first known free-standing nude statue made since antiquity. Much of his work was done for display in grand churches. Between 1415 and 1426, he made five statues for the Florence Cathedral, also known as the Duomo.

Donatello was a realist: an artist whose sculpture showed the subjects as real people. Naturalism and the showing of human feelings are his influences.


Sarah Bernhardt

Sarah Bernhardt (; born Henriette-Rosine Bernard; 22 or 23 October 1844 – 26 March 1923) was a French stage actress, and has often been called "the most famous actress in the history of the world". Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s, and was soon working in Europe and the United States. She developed a reputation as a serious actress, getting the nickname "The Divine Sarah."

She was born in Paris as Marie Henriette Bernardt, the daughter of Julie Bernardt and a Dutch father. She added the letter "H" to her first and last name, and used the name of Edouard Bernardt, her mother's brother, as the name of her father. This was probably done to hide the fact that her father was unknown.

Bernhardt's career started in 1862, when she was a student at the Comédie-Française. She was not very successful there, and left to become a courtesan by 1865. She became famous in Europe in the 1870s, and was soon in demand all over Europe and in New York. She may have been the most famous actress of the 19th century. She coached many young women in the art of acting, including Liane de Pougy.

In 1905, while performing in Rio de Janeiro, Bernhardt hurt her right knee during the final scene when she jumped from a high wall. The leg never healed properly, showing signs of bruising. By 1915, gangrene had set in and her entire right leg was amputated, meaning she was in a wheelchair for several months. Nonetheless, she continued her career. She carried out a successful tour of America in 1915, and died on returning to France. On 26 March 1923, Bernhardt died of uremia following kidney failure. She is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. 

Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street.




Kevin Rudd

Kevin Michael Rudd (born 21 September 1957) is a former Australian politician who was twice Prime Minister of Australia serving from 2007 to 2010 and again from 27 June 2013 to 18 September 2013. He also served as Prime Minister from 2007 to 2010. Rudd was the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs from 14 September 2010 to 22 February 2012. He was member for Griffith in Brisbane from 1998 to 2013.

Rudd went to the Australian National University and studied International Studies. He learned to speak the Chinese language. He became a diplomat for the Australian government. He lived and worked in Sweden, and later in China. Rudd won a seat in Parliament in 1998. The Australian Labor party elected him the Leader of the Opposition in December 2006. After 11 years of the Liberal Party being in power, the Labor Party won the 2007 federal election. During the election Rudd talked a lot about work agreements (industrial relations laws) and global warming. As prime minister he signed the Kyoto Protocol and "apologised" to Aboriginal Australians for bad things done by the government long ago. He spoke about human rights in China in the Chinese language to Chinese students. Australia and China were doing lots of trade, but the Chinese government did not like this talk. He also supported the Afghanistan war and took Australian troops out of the Iraq conflict.

Rudd was Prime Minister at the beginning of the Global Financial Crisis. His government, with Wayne Swan as treasurer, spent a lot of money to try and keep the economy going. Australia did not have a recession, but management of this government spending started problems for Rudd. His government was seen as being unable to cope with and this started to affect Rudd's popularity.

Rudd planned a new tax on the huge profits being made mining companies in Australia. These companies and their leaders started a huge advertising campaign against the Labor government. He also decided to delay his election promises to do something about Global Warming. His leadership style was unpopular with many members of the Labor Party. members of parliament felt that they were not able to take part in making important decisions. They felt that Rudd left things until the last moment, and then acted quickly when things had almost became a crisis. With these things happening, the Labor Party decided that there had to be some changes. Realizing that he had lost support, Rudd resigned as leader of the Labor Party, and as Prime Minister. Julia Gillard was elected to the position of leader, and therefore prime minister. He was really sad. Gillard promised that Rudd would be made Foreign Minister if they won the 2010 election.

After the 2010 Election, Gillard chose Rudd to be Foreign Minister. In February 2012, Rudd decided that he should again be leader of the Labor Party. He said he could not work with Gillard because she did not trust him. He resigned as Foreign Minister, and said he would challenge Gillard for the leadership. The Labor Party held a meeting on 27 February 2012 and held a new vote for the leader's position. Rudd only received 31 votes while Gillard got 71 votes. Rudd returned to the backbench, and not have any positions of responsibility in the government until on 26 June 2013, Gillard announced another caucus ballot on the leadership. Rudd won it so he became the Leader of the Labor Party for a second time. On 27 June 2013, Rudd was sworn in as Prime Minister. Rudd is the first former Prime Minister to return to the office since Robert Menzies in 1949 and the second Labor Prime Minister to do so.

On 31 May 2012 Rudd became a grandfather when his daughter Jessica gave birth to a baby girl.

On 7 September 2013, Labor lost the 2013 election to the Coalition led by Tony Abbott.

On 13 November 2013, Rudd announced that he would be retiring from politics at end of week. His resignation took effect on 22 November 2013.


Hurley (stick)

A hurley(Irish: Camán), also known as a ‘hurl’, is a wooden stick measuring between 70 and 100 cm (26 to 40 inches) long with a flattened, curved end (called the "bas"), used to hit a "sliotar" (leather ball) in the Irish sport of hurling. It is also used in camogie, the female equivalent, and there often called a camogie stick. 

Hurleys are made from ash wood, and are usually bought from local craftsmen in Ireland, who still use traditional production methods. 

No matter how well crafted the hurley is, a hurler may well expect to use several hurleys over the course of the hurling season. The hurleys often break if two collide in the course of a game, or occasionally they break off on the other players (arms, legs, etc.). Two hurleys colliding is colloquially known as "the clash of the ash." Throwing the hurley (e.g. to block a ball going high over one's head) is illegal, but camogie players may drop it to make a handpass.

Sliotar

A sliotar (or sliothar) is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball, consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together. Sometimes called a "puck" or "hurling ball", it resembles an American baseball with more pronounced stitching. It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling, camogie, rounders and shinty.

Early sliotars used various materials, depending on the part of the country:


Camogie

Camogie (in Irish, "camógaíocht") is an Irish team sport, organised by the "Camogie Association of Ireland", the women's variant of hurling. The rules are almost identical to hurling with a few exceptions.

One is that goalkeepers wear the same colours as outfield players and a player in camogie can handpass a score, which is not allowed in the men's game. All games last 60 minutes (senior inter-county hurling games last 70), and dropping the camogie stick to handpass the ball is allowed. The All-Ireland Final is held every year in Croke Park during September, usually the week between the hurling final and Gaelic football final. There are two main competitions; the National League which is staged during the winter-spring months and is used as a warm-up to the All-Ireland Championships during the summer.

The reigning champions are Cork.

Camogie/hurling is unique in that it uses a different name for the version played by men and women. The reason is complicated: men play using a curved stick called in Irish a "camán". Women would use a shorter stick, called by the diminutive form "camóg". The suffix -"aíocht" was added to both words to give names for the sports: "camánaíocht" (which became "iománaíocht") and "camógaíocht". When the Gaelic Athletic Association was founded in 1884 the English-origin name "hurling" was given to the men's game. When an organisation for women was set up in 1904, it was decided to Anglicise the Irish name "camógaíocht" to "camogie".



Rounders

Rounders is a sport which originated in Great Britain and Ireland. The game is regulated by the "Gaelic Athletic Association" (GAA) in Ireland and the "National Rounders Association" (NRA) in the UK. Both have different, although broadly similar, game-play and culture. Competitions are held between teams from both traditions, often with one version being played in the morning and the other being played in the afternoon.

Game-play centers around innings where teams act at turns being batters and fielders. A maximum of nine players are allowed to play in fielding positions at one time. Points ("rounders") are scored by the batting team by completing a circuit around the field through four bases/posts without being put 'out' - for example, by a ball they batted being 'caught-out' or touching a tagged base/post.

The earliest nationally formalised rules of play were devised by the GAA in Ireland in 1884. 

Although it is generally considered a school game, rounders is played at international level as well. Currently, teams from Canada, England, Ireland, the Isle of Man, Scotland and Wales compete against each other. 
Some theories on the origin of baseball claim that baseball is based on rounders. Rounders is a sport played with a bat and ball when the ball is thrown to you the ball is meant to be hit with the bat.

Official rules of rounders:

Cricket (insect)

Crickets, family Gryllidae (also known as true crickets), are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae). They have somewhat flattened bodies and long antennae. There are about 900 species of crickets. They tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs.

Crickets are known for their chirp (which only male crickets can do; male wings have ridges or "teeth" that act like a "comb and file" instrument). The left forewing has a thick rib (a modified vein) which bears 50 to 300 "teeth". The chirp is made by raising their left forewing to a 45 degree angle and rubbing it against the upper hind edge of the right forewing, which has a thick scraper (Berenbaum 1995). This sound producing action is called "stridulation" and the song is species-specific. There are two types of cricket songs: a calling song and a courting song. The calling song attracts females and repels other males, and is fairly loud.

Night-time in the Jurassic included the sound of chirping bush crickets. This is according to scientists who have reconstructed the song of a cricket that chirped 165 million years ago. "A remarkably complete fossil of the prehistoric insect enabled the team to see the structures in its wings that rubbed together to make the sound".


Rounders (movie)

Rounders is a 1998 movie about the underground world of high-stakes poker. The movie was directed by John Dahl and starred Matt Damon and Edward Norton. It follows two friends who need to quickly earn enough cash playing poker to pay off a huge debt. The term “rounder” refers to a person whose sole means of earning a living is by playing cards.

The movie opened to mixed reviews and only made a modest amount of money. However, with the growing popularity of Texas hold 'em and other poker games, "Rounders" has become a cult hit.



Gaelic Athletic Association

The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) (Irish: "Cumann Lúthchleas Gael") is an organisation which is mostly focused on promoting Gaelic Games - traditional Irish sports, such as hurling, camogie, Gaelic football, handball, and rounders. The organisation also promotes Irish music and dance, and the Irish language. It is the largest and most popular organisation in Ireland with some 800,000 members out of the island's population of almost 6 million.

Gaelic football and Hurling are the main and most popular activities promoted by the organisation.

Gaelic football is a contact sport that combines the skills of soccer, basketball, and some of the skills of volleyball in a high-scoring game in which players punch or kick the ball over the crossbar for one point, or kick the ball into a net on the bottom for three points. The game also has similarities with Australian Rules Football (see below).

Hurling is a stick-and-ball game that combines many of the skills of field hockey, lacrosse, and baseball but pre-dates all three. Players can catch the ball and use a hurley (Irish: "camán") to hit a ball (sliotar) between the goalposts using the same scoring system as in Gaelic football and on the same size of field. It is not to be confused with the Scottish game of shinty.



Gaelic Games

Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland. The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and hurling. Both are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA). Other games organised by the association include camogie, rounders, Gaelic handball. During the late 19th century 21, Gaelic games in Ireland were dying out. This decline was stopped by the GAA and the Irish national Gaelic Revival. Today they are the most popular games in Ireland.

Gaelic football is the most popular of the gaelic games and is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The object is to score by driving the ball through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins. It combines the skills of soccer and basketball in a fast-paced, high-scoring contact sport.

A slightly different rule set is used for women's Gaelic football (officially called "ladies' Gaelic football"). The women's game also uses 15-player teams and H-shaped goals, but allows less physical contact.

Hurling is a stick-and-ball game played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The primary object is to score by driving the ball through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins. It is over three thousand years old, and is said to be the world's fastest field game, combining skills from lacrosse, field hockey, and baseball in a hard-hitting, highly skilled game.

Camogie is a game almost identical to hurling, but played only by women. Like hurling, it is a stick-and-ball game played by teams of 15, with the pitch and goals the same as those in hurling. Other rules are almost the same between the two sports, but camogie does not allow as much physical contact.

Rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in Ireland; a similar version is played in England. Rounders is the least popular of the GAA gaelic games and is organised by a sub division of the GAA known as the Rounders Council of Ireland. It is similar to baseball.

Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall. The game is similar to American handball; Gaelic handballers play against their US counterparts.

Other Gaelic Games such as gaelic athletics have nearly or completely died out. Pastimes such as Road bowling, a sport played in Ireland for a long time, could be considered Gaelic games.


Gaelic handball

Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall. The game is similar to American handball; Gaelic handballers play against their US counterparts.


American handball

American (or court) handball, usually referred to simply as handball, is an American form of fives played against one or more walls. 

It is a common belief that "American handball" was brought to the United States in the 1880s by Irish immigrants. The Gaelic handball sport was played since the 15th century in Ireland and Scotland.

American handball is played on a court 12.2 meters long by 6.1 meters wide (40 feet long by 20 feet wide) with either a single (front) wall, three walls, or in a fully enclosed four-wall court (the most common). The four-wall court is a rectangular box. The front wall is 6.1 meters (20 feet) square, and the side walls are 12.2 meters (40 feet) long and 6.1 meters (20 feet) high. In the middle of the floor of the court lies the short line, that divides the floor into two 6.1 meter (20 feet) squares. Also along the floor is the service line, which is 1.5 meters (5 feet) in front of the short line. The service zone is the area between these two lines. The back wall of the court is usually 3.7 meters (12 feet) high, with an above gallery for the referee and scorer, and also spectators. A few courts have a glass back wall and/or glass side walls to allow for a better view of the match. (In three-wall court handball, the court often has a front wall and two full side walls, or the front wall is flanked by two triangular wings.) 




Fives

Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports. In fives, a ball is propelled against the walls of a special court using gloved or bare hands as though they were a racquet. 

The name may be derived from the slang expression "a bunch of fives" (meaning a fist). The game has also been known as hand-tennis and historically was often played between the buttresses of church buildings in England. There are links between Fives and the Irish and North American handball games and indeed, in recent years, British clubs have begun to establish ties with clubs in those countries.

Fives is not the same as Long Fives, which is played in a real tennis court.

There are two main forms of the game Rugby Fives and Eton Fives. 
Eton Fives is played competitively as a doubles game, whilst Rugby Fives is played as both a singles and a doubles game. 


Miami Heat

The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Miami, Florida. It was started in 1988. They play their home games at the Kaseya Center and won three championships in 2006, 2012, and 2013. Led by Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal, they won the 2006 NBA Finals where they defeated the Dallas Mavericks 4 games to 2 after trailing two games to zero. Wade was the Finals MVP. During the 2010 off-season, the Heat acquired LeBron James and Chris Bosh from the Cleveland Cavaliers and Toronto Raptors, respectively to team up with 2003 fellow draftee Wade, making the Heat favorites to win multiple championships. With a "Big Three" of Wade, LeBron, and Bosh, Miami reached four consecutive Finals from 2011–2014. Miami met Dallas again in the Finals in 2011 with the Mavericks winning the rematch 4 games to 2. The Heat won again in the 2012 NBA Finals where they defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4 games to 1. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the first time in his career. They also defeated the San Antonio Spurs in 2013 Finals 4 games to 3, handing the Spurs their first-ever Finals loss. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the second straight year. In the 2014 Finals, the Heat were attempting a three-peat and once again faced the Spurs, with the Spurs winning in five games. After four years with the Heat, LeBron returned to the Cavaliers. The Heat returned to the Finals in 2020, losing to the Los Angeles Lakers (led by former Heat player James) in six games. Three years later, the Heat made their seventh Finals appearance, this time against the Denver Nuggets, losing in five games.

Buttress

A buttress is a structure placed against the walls of a building to give it more support, or to help it to hold the roofs. Buttresses are common in ancient buildings, especially in Europe. A buttress can be an inside or outside support.

Real tennis

Real tennis is the original racket sport from which the modern game of lawn tennis, or tennis, developed. It is also known as "jeu de paume" in France and as "court tennis" in some parts of United States.

Real tennis is still played at a small number of active courts in the United Kingdom, Australia, the United States, and France. The sport is supported and governed by 
organizations around the world.



Jeu de paume

Jeu de paume was originally a French game similar to lawn tennis, but played without racquets. The players hit the ball with their hands as in volleyball. "Jeu de paume" literally means: game of palm (of the hand). After some time gloves replaced bare hands. But even when bats, and finally racquets, became standard equipment for the game, the name did not change. It became known as "tennis" in English (see History of tennis), and later "real tennis" after lawn tennis became more popular than the parent game.

Some important buildings in France are known by the name "jeu de paume", in general because they are near to tennis courts or to sites on which courts once stood. Several works of art also bear this name, including the famous "serment du jeu de paume" ('the Tennis Court Oath') in the Palace of Versailles. It depicts the formal announcement of the French revolution made in the Royal Tennis Court there on 20 June, 1789.



Palace of Versailles

The Palace of Versailles, or simply Versailles, is a royal castle in Versailles, France.

In French, it is often called the Château de Versailles. When the castle was built, Versailles was a country village, but it is now a suburb of Paris.

From 1682, when King Louis XIV moved from Paris and lived in this palace, until the royal family was forced to return to the capital in 1789, the Court of Versailles was the centre of power in the Ancien Régime. Versailles is therefore famous not only as a building, but as a symbol of absolute monarchy.




Château

A (plural "") is a manor house or castle of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry.

The term comes from French-speaking regions and is used most often for buildings in these regions. Where clarification is needed, a fortified château (that is, a castle) is called a "château fort". But the word is not used in the same way as "castle" is in English, and most châteaux are more appropriately described as "palaces" or "country houses" in English than as "castles". For example, the Château de Versailles is so called because it was in the country when it was built, but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle, so it is usually known in English as the Palace of Versailles.The Château de Montsoreau is the first Renaissance château to have been built in France, in the world famous Loire Valley. The Château de Montsoreau is also the only one to have been built in the Loire riverbed.


Château (disambiguation)

Château may refer to:




Positron

A positron (also called an antielectron) is the antimatter version of an electron. It has the same mass and spin as an electron. However, it has a positive electric charge, whereas an electron has a negative charge. Like all antimatter, when it meets its so-called counterpartner, each are annihilated and turned into energy. The electron and positron disappear, and the total mass decreases. There is no name for this type of energy, as it is neither mechanical, radiation, chemical, electrical, nuclear, nor thermal. Although the energy does emit light photons when annihilated, it is converted from some form of energy that has not been named.

A positron also very rarely makes a structure called positronium. Positronium is like an atom in many ways, but is very unstable, and usually quickly annihilates.


Basque pelota

Basque pelota called Pelota in Spanish, pilota in Basque and Catalan, or pelote in French is the name for several sports played with a ball using one's hand, a racket, a wooden bat or a basket, against a wall or with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net. Their roots can be traced to the Greek and other ancient cultures, but in Europe they all come from real tennis (see "Jeu de paume"). Today, Basque Pelota is played in several countries: in Spain and France, specially in the Basque Country and its neighbour areas and in Latin American countries like Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Cuba and some parts of the United States.

The International Federation of Basque Pelota has made rules for the 14 different sorts of pelota. Two are for both women and men, and 12 just for men. 

People bet on the results of the games.

The players are called pelotari.



Pump-jet

A pump-jet or water jet is a marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion. The mechanical arrangement may be a propeller with nozzle, or a centrifugal pump and nozzle.

Pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications, usually related to requirements for high-speed. 


Propulsor

A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion. The pump-jet is an example.

Valencian language

Valencian ("valencià") is the historical, traditional, and official name used in the Valencian Community (Spain) for the language spoken in this region, also known as Catalan ("català") in the Spanish Autonomous Communities of Catalonia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands; in the country of Andorra; in the southern French region of the Roussillon; and in the Italian city of Alghero on the island of Sardinia.

In linguistics "Valencian" is also used to identify this distinctive variant spoken in central and southern Valencia which has gained its own currency within the Catalan domain.

The official authorities, which are the government of the Valencian Community and the Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua, accept Valencian as a dialect of Catalan. The Real Acadèmia de Cultura Valenciana and several associations disbelieve this opinion . They believe Valencian is a language in its own. They also accuse the official authorities of mixing Valencian with Catalan. This is done by approaching the Valencian ortography and grammar to the Catalan one.

Valencian pilota

"Pilota Valenciana" or Valencian pilota ("pilota" means "ball" in Valencian) is a traditional handball sport played in the Valencian Community. Its origins are not known, but seems to be related to the French Jeu de paume.

Rules vary from area to area but the common trait is that the ball is struck with a bare, or almost bare, hand (only some minimal protection is applied in some versions of the sport). The general rule involves two teams made from two up to five players each (the numbers depend on the particular version played).

The second characteristic is that it is not played against a wall. Instead, similarly to modern tennis, two individuals or teams are placed face to face separated either by a line on the ground or a net. 
A distinctive trait of Valencian pilota is that the spectators are often seated or standing very close to the court which means that they may be impacted by the ball and thus become an (unwilling) part of the game.

Valencian pilota origins are not known with certainty, but it's commonly supposed to be a variant from the middle-aged Jeu de paume, as many other European handball sports (Basque "laxoa", French Longue paume, Frisian handball and Italian Pallone) similar to the actual Valencian llargues variant.

"Jeu de paume" is documented at Paris in 1292 since there were 13 ball workshops and many "tripots" (courtfields), it was first played with the hands, and the scoring system was very similar to the current Valencian one. There were so many resemblances with the "Valencian pilota" sport that, in the 16th century Joan Lluís Vives compared both games in his "Dialogues" and claimed them to be exactly the same despite some minor differences.



Trapezoid

In geometry, A trapezoid (in North America) or trapezium (in Britain and elsewhere) is a quadrilateral, which is defined as a shape with four sides. This shape has two parallel sides which are called the "bases" of the trapezoid, and another two sides called its "legs". In North America, the term "trapezium" is used for what is elsewhere called an irregular quadrilateral, which has no parallel sides.

Some trapezoids are special cases where they have at least one noteworthy feature:


To calculate the area of a trapezoid, you must add the two parallel sides together, divide that by 2, then times that by its height.


Frisian handball

Frisian handball ("Dutch: kaatsen, Frisian: Keatsen") is a traditional Frisian sport, related to American handball and fives, that is most commonly practiced by people from the northern province of Fryslân, or Friesland. It is believed to be one of the oldest ballgames. The score is similar to tennis. The first team that scores six games, wins the match. It is played by the ethnic group of the Frisians.

In parts of Belgium, a similar game is played, there called "Jeu de Pelote". This game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field, mostly on marketplaces.


Gaelic football

Gaelic Football (Irish: "Peil", "Peil Ghaelach" or "Caid" ), commonly referred to as "football", or "Gaelic", is a form of football played mainly in Ireland. It, along with Hurling, is the most popular spectator sport in Ireland.

Gaelic football is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The object is to score by kicking/striking the ball with your hand and getting it through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins.

Players advance the ball up the field with a combination of carrying, "soloing" (dropping and then toe-kicking the ball upward into the hands), kicking, and hand-passing to their team-mates.

Gaelic football is one of four Gaelic Games run by the Gaelic Athletic Association, the largest sporting organization in Ireland. It has strict rules on player amateurism. The game is believed to have come from ancient Irish football known as caid which dates back to 1537, although the modern game took shape in 1887.

The grass pitch is rectangular, stretching 130–145 metres long and 80–90 metres wide. There are H-shaped goalposts at each end with a net on the bottom section. The same pitch is used for hurling; the GAA, which organizes both sports, decided this to facilitate dual usage. Lines are marked at distances of 13m, 20m and 45m from each end-line. Shorter pitches and smaller goals are used by under-12s and under 10s.

All Gaelic football matches last for 60 minutes, divided into two halves of thirty minutes, with the exception of senior inter-county games which last for 70 minutes (two halves of 35 minutes). Draws are decided by replays or by playing 20 minutes of extra time (two halves of 10 minutes) or elas in a penalties shoot out.

Teams consist of fifteen players (a goalkeeper, two corner backs, a full back, three half backs, two mid fielders, three half forwards, two corner forwards and a full forward) plus up to fifteen substitutes, of which five may be used. Each player is numbered 1–15, starting with the goalkeeper, who must wear a different coloured jersey.

The game is played with a round leather football, similar to a soccer ball, but heavier, and with horizontal stitching rather than the hexagon and pentagon panels often used on soccer balls, and similar to a standard volleyball.


Caid (sport)

Caid was the name given to several ancient and traditional Irish football games. "Caid" is now used by some people for modern Gaelic football.

The word "caid" originally meant the ball which was used. It was made out of animal skin, with a natural bladder inside.

Some people believe that "caid" has influenced the modern sport of Gaelic football the rules of which were officially published in 1887.

The first recorded mention of football in Ireland was in 1308, when John McCrocan, a spectator at a football game was charged with accidentally stabbing a player named William Bernard. Football games are mentioned in the "Statute of Galway", 1527, which allowed the playing of football and archery, but banned ""hokie" – the hurling of a little ball with sticks or staves", as well as other sports. 
"Caid" was especially popular in rural areas.

There is some evidence that "caid" was taken around the world by the Irish diaspora, and that it may have influenced the development of Australian rules football, although this is controversial.

By the late 19th century, "caid", like many aspects of native Irish culture, was in steep decline.

Longue paume

Longue paume is an outdoor version of jeu de paume and therefore an ancestor of modern lawn tennis. Hundreds of years ago it was quite popular, particularly in France. It was part of the Paris 1900 Summer Olympics, but not all think that the medals that were awarded for longue paume at that Olympics have full value. Today, the sport is played regionally in Picardie. The governing body of the sport is the "Fédération Française de Longue Paume" with its headquarter in Amiens.


Pallone

Pallone (Italian for an inflated ball, similar to the word "balloon") is the name of several traditional ball games, played in various regions of Italy, with minimal differences in regulations.

"Pallone col bracciale" was particularly popular throughout Italy in the 18th century then in 19th century and 20th century until 1930 was the most popular sport of ancient Italian national sports; its first official regulations date back to 1555. The "pallone col bracciale" players are called "pallonisti" and during 19th century Italian professional pallonisti were richest and best rewarded sportsmen of all the world. This sport and his champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Giacomo Leopardi, Edmondo de Amicis, Antonio Francesco Grazzini, Ottavio Rinuccini, Gabriello Chiabrera, Tommaso Grossi, Giuseppe Gioachino Belli. Where Angels Fear to Tread (1991) includes a brief film depiction of this game.

Balls are struck back and forth with a wooden cylinder, called "bracciale", worn over the forearm, if carelessly played, a broken arm can result: in fact bracciale weighs 2 or 1 kilogram. Originally the ball of 934 grams was inflated, but now hard rubber ball of 350 grams is used. Scoring is by fifteens, as in tennis and the team which wins 12 games is final winner of the match. A special feature is that the ball is put into play by a designated server, who otherwise is not part of the game. The receivers can reject serves at will. Pallone is played on courts marked out on town streets. Registered players of official championships dispute their matches in a kind of stadium named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language. Nowadays they play two forms of this sport: 3 players a side with lateral wall and 4 players a side in open playing field without lateral wall.

Celebrated former professional champions include:

"Pallapugno", one time named "pallone elastico", is a game from Piedmont and Liguria and it is played with a bandaged fist; rubber ball has diameter of 10,5 
centimetres and weighs 190 grams. Scoring is also by fifteens, but in this version a second bounce can result in a "chase" rather than an outright point, similar to real tennis. Every team has 4 players and the team which wins 11 games is final winner of the match. Professional players dispute their matches in sferisterio 90 metres long and 18 metres large with lateral wall. Professional Italian pallapugno league is top level of competitions: in 2008 10 teams competed.

This sport is played in various nations and they dispute a world championship.

"Pallapugno leggera" is played in courtfield which has same size of volleyball's courtfield without net (device). Each team has 4 players with 2 reserve players. A match consisted of one set or three sets.

"Pantalera" or "pallapugno alla pantalera" is generally played on the urban streets. First action of every match consisted of shot pushing up the ball for rebound on a roof called pantalera in Piedmontese language. Other rules are the same of pallapugno.

"Pallonetto" or "pallonetto ligure al lungo" is generally played on the urban streets with tennis balls without covering felt. Playing field is long between 60 and 90 metres and it's large 18 metres with or without lateral wall. Players push the ball using one bandaged hand.





Palla

Palla, Italian language for ball, is the name of various traditional ball games of Italy. In Italian they also call "pallacanestro" for basketball, "pallavolo" for volleyball, "pallamano" for handball and "pallanuoto" for water polo.

"Palla eh!" is an old Tuscan ball game from Maremma towns between Siena and Grosseto. It has this name because players call out "eh!" before serving.

Small hand-made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover. The game is played by facing teams who strike, not catch, the ball with either a bare or gloved hand: every team include 3, 4 or 5 athletes. Courts are marked out with painted lines on town streets, but there is no net, and players can move between sides. Adjacent buildings, objects, and sometimes spectators, are considered "in play." Play does stop for oncoming automobiles. Similar to real tennis, a second bounce can result in a "chase" rather than an outright point, marked in chalk where the ball stops rolling. In one version of palla, scoring is identical to that of tennis: 15-30-40-game.

In a variant called "palla 21" scoring is 7-14-21 or game. In this form they use a rubber or plastic ball of 35-40 grams. Firstly a palla 21 tournament was played in Chicago during 2007 with Italian national team.
"Palla elastica" is a team game: every team include 5 athletes who catch a rubber ball, similar to tennis ball, with either a bare hand. The team which wins 11 games is final winner of the match: each game consists of 4 points. Registered players of official championships dispute their matches in a kind of stadium, 75 metres long with lateral wall, named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language.

"Pallamuro" is Italian name of American handball.

"Palla prigioniera" is Italian name of prisoner ball.

"Pallacorda" or "palla della corda" is the Italian name of ancient form of real tennis where a cord of rope was strung across the street and players used hands, racket or tamburello alias "tambourine" in English language. Pisa, Prato, Rome, Siena, and various Tuscan towns still have streets named "via Pallacorda" or "via Della Corda".

"Pallamaglio" is an other ancient game called pall mall in English language and his modern form named skittles is played in England, Germany, Austria and Switzerland currently.

"Pallina" means "small ball" and it is a team game: every team include 4, 5 or 6 athletes who catch a rubber ball, of almost 50 grams, with either a bare hand.



Pellet

Pellet is a term used for a small particle or grain, typically one created by compressing an original material. The term is used in a variety of specific contexts.


Storm history of Hurricane Katrina

The storm history of Hurricane Katrina started on August 23, 2005. Hurricane Katrina was a highly destructive Category 5 hurricane which formed as Tropical Depression Twelve near the Bahamas. The next day, the tropical depression strengthened to a tropical storm, and was named "Katrina". Katrina continued on to make landfall on the southern part of the U.S. state of Florida as a Category 1 hurricane.

While passing across Florida, Katrina weakened to a tropical storm. However, the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico allowed it to rapidly intensify to the sixth strongest Atlantic hurricane in recorded history. Afterwards, Katrina made landfall as a Category 3 hurricane near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana, and once more near the Mississippi/Louisiana border. Katrina did not stop going northward through the central United States and finally dissipated near the Great Lakes, where it was absorbed by a cold front.

Tropical Depression Twelve formed over the southeastern Bahamas at 5:00 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) on August 23, 2005. Some of the tropical depression was from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten, which had dissipated from the effects of a nearby upper tropospheric trough. 

As the atmospheric conditions surrounding Tropical Depression Twelve were good for tropical development, the system began to strengthen, was upgraded to Tropical Storm status and given the name "Katrina" on the morning of August 24. A burst of convection allowed Katrina to become the fifth hurricane of the 2005 season on August 25, only two hours before it made landfall around 6:30 p.m. EST (2230 UTC) between Hallandale Beach and Aventura, Florida.

Katrina struck the peninsula at a high speed with 80 mph (130 km/h) winds, and had a well-defined eye on Doppler weather radar, which stayed undisturbed throughout its passage over Florida. The storm weakened over land on August 26 to a tropical storm, but regained its strength as a hurricane at 2:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC), about one hour after making landfall in Florida. Parts of the Florida Keys experienced tropical storm force winds throughout August 26, with the Dry Tortugas briefly experiencing hurricane-force winds.

Katrina continued a westerly and west-southwesterly track, which forecast Katrina to move westward into New Orleans.

Right after the storm entered the Gulf of Mexico, the low wind shear, good upper-level outflow, and the warm sea surface temperatures of the Gulf Loop Current caused Katrina to intensify rapidly. On August 27, the storm was upgraded to Category 3 strength, becoming the third major hurricane of the season. An eyewall replacement cycle inhibited strengthening of its maximum winds for about 18 hours, but nearly doubled the size of the storm as a result. The storm then began a second period of rapid intensification starting at 7:00 p.m. CDT on August 27, and by 12:40 a.m. CDT on August 28, Katrina was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph (233 km/h). It became a Category 5 storm by 7:00 a.m. CDT, twelve hours after the beginning of the second round of rapid intensification, and reached its peak intensity at 1:00 p.m. CDT with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), gusts of 215 mph (344 km/h) and a central pressure of 902 mbar (26.64 inHg). The minimum pressure made Katrina, at the time, the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record. As the hurricane came closer to New Orleans, the Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana gave out two strongly-worded warnings of the storm's danger.

By the afternoon of August 28, the storm was large enough that some areas of the Gulf Coast were already experiencing tropical storm-force winds. The center of Katrina was about 180 statute miles (290 km) from the mouth of the Mississippi River, but tropical storm-force winds extended 230 mi (370 km) from the center of the storm, and hurricane-force winds extended about 105 miles (170 km) away.

Overnight on August 29, and into the morning of the next day, Katrina quickly weakened (in terms of maximum sustained winds) as it began to enter another eyewall replacement cycle. The inner eyewall disappeared before an outer eyewall had fully formed, which was one of the reasons of its rapid weakening. In 18 hours, the hurricane's maximum sustained winds decreased from 170 mph (280 km/h) to 125 mph (205 km/h). However, storm surges remained high at landfall because large waves greater than 30 feet (9.1 m) in height were generated beforehand (with a buoy recording a 55 ft/16.7 m wave at sea), when Katrina was at Categories 4 and 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The waves then combined with the storm surge of the large Category 3 hurricane.

Katrina made its second landfall at 6:10 a.m. CDT on August 29 as a Category 3 hurricane with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana. Because Katrina had just weakened from Category 4 strength, and also because of the shape of the coastline, Category 4-force winds are believed to have existed on land while the eye was over water. Hurricane-force winds were recorded 120 miles (190 km) from the center. The storm's central pressure was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), and its forward speed was 15 mph (10 km/h). As it made its way up the eastern Louisiana coastline, most communities in Plaquemines, St. Bernard Parish, and Slidell in St. Tammany Parish were severely damaged by storm surge and the strong winds of the eyewall, which also went over eastern New Orleans, creating $1 billion worth of damage to the city from intense flooding and wind damage.

The storm weakened just before landfall to Category 3 intensity. This follows the trend of previous strong cyclones in the Gulf of Mexico: all cyclones with minimum central pressures of 973 mbar (28.73 inHg) or less have weakened over the 12 hours before making landfall in the Gulf Coast of the United States.

A few hours later, after weakening slightly, Katrina made its third landfall near the Louisiana-Mississippi border with 120 mph (195 km/h) sustained winds and 928 mbar (27.37 inHg) pressure, still at Category 3 intensity. Its minimum pressure at its second landfall was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), making Katrina the third strongest hurricane on record to make landfall on the United States, behind Hurricane Camille's 909 mbar (26.85 inHg) reading in 1969, and the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane's 892 mbar (26.35 inHg) record.

Because the storm was so large, its highly destructive eye-wall winds and the strong northeastern quadrant of the storm pushed record storm surges onshore, smashing all of the Mississippi Gulf Coast, including towns in Mississippi such as Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, Ocean Springs, Gautier and Pascagoula, and, in Alabama, Bayou La Batre. The surges at its peak were at 28 feet (8.5 m) in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, and at 13 feet (4.0 m) as far away as Mobile, Alabama, which saw its highest storm surge since 1917. Storm surge was particularly high due to the hydrology of the region, the hurricane's extreme size, and the fact that it weakened only shortly before landfall. As Katrina moved inland diagonally over Mississippi, high winds cut a swath of damage that affected almost the entire state.
Katrina stayed at hurricane strength in Mississippi, but it soon weakened. It lost hurricane strength more than 150 miles (240 km) inland, near Meridian, Mississippi. Katrina was then lowered into a tropical depression near Clarksville, Tennessee and broke in half. One half of the storm continued to race northward, affecting the Central United States, and it was last noticeable in the eastern Great Lakes region. On August 31, it was absorbed by a frontal boundary and became a powerful extratropical low, causing 1.97–6.69 inches (50–170 mm) of rain in 12 hours. It also caused gale-force wind gusts from 31 to 61 mph (50 to 98 km/h) in southeastern Quebec and northern New Brunswick. In the region of Saguenay and Côte-Nord, rain caused breakdowns and failure in roads. The Côte-Nord region was isolated from the rest of Quebec for at least 1 week. However, the other half of Katrina broke off in the eastern part of the Appalachians, which caused a major tornado outbreak in the area from central Georgia to central Pennsylvania. The tornadoes were strong, killing two people and creating heavy damage.

At 11:00 p.m. EDT on August 31, the center of the remaining storm that was once Katrina was absorbed by another weather system in southeastern Canada.



Troposphere

The troposphere is the lowest layer of the Earth’s atmosphere. It extents up to 20 kilometers above the earth’s surface. It contains 75% of the atmosphere's mass and 99% of the total mass of water vapor and aerosols. This layer is rich in oxygen. The temperature drops from an average around 62°F (17°C) to -60°F (-51°C) at the troposphere. 

The transitional area between the troposphere and stratosphere is called the tropopause. The troposphere is made up of approximately 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and 1% other gases, which include carbon dioxide, methane, neon, krypton, argon, helium, and hydrogen. The air in the troposphere is warmest closest to the earth and colder at higher elevations. Most of the dust particles in the earth's atmosphere are found in the troposphere.


Rapid deepening

Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly. The National Weather Service describes rapid deepening as a decrease of 42 millibars in less than 24 hours. However, this phrase is usually applied to most storms that are quickly becoming stronger.

Doppler radar

Doppler radar uses the Doppler effect to measure the speed (radial velocity) of targets. Radial velocity is how fast the target is coming towards, or going away from, the radar. The Doppler effect will shift the received frequency up or down, based on the radial velocity of a target in the beam. This gives a direct and highly accurate measurement of target velocity, but only the radial velocity. Doppler radar by itself doesn't measure the azimuthal velocity (how fast it is going in other directions). 

Doppler radars may be Coherent Pulsed, Continuous Wave, or Frequency Modulated.

Horseshoe crab

The horseshoe crab or king crab is a benthic or bottom-dwelling creature. It is not a crab at all, but a relative of the arachnids. Its main habitats are coastal areas and river estuaries.

"Limulus polyphemus" is the best-known of the four species.

On its dome-shaped carapace, the horseshoe crab has four small eyes. It has two compound eyes at the sides of the carapace, and two simple eyes on the front.

A horseshoe crab has twelve legs: five pairs of walking legs and a set of tiny pincers. The long, spiky tail is not used as a weapon or for defense; instead, it is just used for steering and flipping the body over if it gets turned upside down.

Atlantic horseshoe crabs, "Limulus polyphemus", can be found all over the eastern coast of North America and Mexico. Buried under mud or sand, they eat small clams, crustaceans, and worms. All over the coast, you will find their shells washed up on shore. Some of these shells are quite big, as the horseshoe crab can grow up to two feet long and a foot wide. Horseshoe crabs go through moults to reach that size.

The horseshoe crab population ranges from the Yucatán Peninsula to northern Maine, but they are most commonly found in the mid-Atlantic region between Virginia and New Jersey. Each major estuary along the coast has its own horseshoe crab population, distinguished from one another by size, colour and eye pigment. The females lay about 100,000 eggs.

The other three species are also called horseshoe crabs. The Japanese horseshoe crab ("Tachypleus tridentatus") is found in the Seto Inland Sea, and is considered an endangered species because of loss of habitat. Two other species occur along the east coast of India: "Tachypleus gigas" and "Carcinoscorpius rotundicauda". All four are quite similar in form and behavior.

Horseshoe crabs may be threatened by Asian overconsumption and by their use by pharmaceutical companies. The tri-spine horseshoe crab, was listed as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2019. In 2023 BNP Paribas wrote to 14 of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies asking them to use a cloned substance called recombinant factor C instead of blood from horseshoe crabs for tests. The Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative, a lobby group set up by large pharmaceutical companies said its members should stop sourcing blood from the two Asian horseshoe crab species most at risk.

The horseshoe crab has an effective immune system. Its brackish maritime environment is a perfect home for bacteria. 
The blood of horseshoe crabs contains an enzyme that causes very rapid clotting in response to the presence of infectious bacteria. This response is used by medical and pharmaceutical companies to detect those kinds of bacteria in products, before the products are sold.

Horseshoe crabs are relatives of the Eurypterids (sea scorpions), whose first fossils appeared at the same time. They are quite ancient. They were definitely present in the early Ordovician, 450 million years ago, in a Burgess Shale-type environment. Their body shape has not changed much since then, though fossils in this group are scarce. The Atlantic horseshoe crab itself has no fossil record at all, and the genus "Limulus" goes back only some 20 million years, not 200 million.

The order they belong to, the Xiphosura, are basal to a clade of the Eurypterida and the Arachnida. It is estimated that the Xiphosura diverged from the Arachnida 480 million years ago.

Because they are famous as so-called "living fossils", the evolutionary record and the genetics of the horsehoe crabs have been studied with interest.

Atlantic hurricane

An Atlantic hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean, usually in the Northern Hemisphere during the summer or autumn, with one-minute maximum sustained winds of at least 74 mph (64 knots, 33 m/s, 119 km/h). When applied to hurricanes, "Atlantic" generally refers to the entire "Atlantic basin", which includes the North Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.

Most Atlantic tropical storms and hurricanes form between June 1 and November 30. The United States National Hurricane Center monitors the basin and gives out reports, watches and warnings about tropical weather systems for the Atlantic Basin as one of the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers for tropical cyclones as defined by the World Meteorological Organization.

Tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre-determined list. On average, 10.1 named storms form each season, with an average of 5.9 becoming hurricanes and 2.5 becoming major hurricanes (Category 3 or greater). The climatological peak of activity is around September 10 every season. Hurricane Wilma of 2005 was the most powerful hurricane ever recorded in history.


Buras-Triumph, Louisiana

Buras-Triumph is an unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The population was 3,358 at the 2000 census. On the peninsula, Buras is higher, with Triumph southeast of Buras.

Buras-Triumph has become famous as the location where, on August 29, 2005, at 6:10 AM CDT, the eye of Hurricane Katrina made its strongest landfall. However, the storm surge and high winds began on the previous day, August 28, 2005. During those 2 days, the area was destroyed as a result.

Dry Tortugas

The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands. They are at the end of the Florida Keys, United States. They are about west of Key West, and west of the Marquesas Keys, at , the closest islands. Still farther west is the Tortugas Bank, which is now underwater. The islands were discovered in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León. They are an unincorporated area of Monroe County, Florida and belong to the Lower Keys Census County Division. With their surrounding waters they make up the Dry Tortugas National Park.


Aventura, Florida

Aventura is a city found in the northeastern part of Miami-Dade County, Florida. The city name is from the Spanish word for "adventure," and was named "Aventura" because that was the name of the original group of condominium developments in the area. The name predates the well known mall (Aventura Mall) built near the condominium developments. According to the 2020 U.S. census, 40,242 people lived in the city.

Florida Keys

The Florida Keys is an archipelago of about 1700 islands in the southeast United States. They begin at the southeastern tip of the Florida peninsula, about 15 miles south of Miami, and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West, the westernmost of the inhabited islands, and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas. The islands lie along the Florida Straits, dividing the Atlantic Ocean to the east from the Gulf of Mexico to the west, and defining one edge of Florida Bay. At the nearest point, the southern tip of Key West is just 98 miles (157 km) from Cuba. The Florida Keys are between about 23.5 and 25.5 degrees North latitude, in the subtropics. The climate of the Keys however, is defined as tropical according to Köppen climate classification. More than 95 percent of the land area is in Monroe County, but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County, primarily in the city of Islandia, Florida. The total land area is 355.6 km² (137.3 sq mi). As of the 2000 census the population was 79,535, with an average density of 223.66/km² (579.27/sq mi), although much of the population is concentrated in a few areas of much higher density, such as the city of Key West, which has 32% of the entire population of the Keys.

The city of Key West is the county seat of Monroe County, which consists of a section on the mainland which is almost entirely in Everglades National Park, and the Keys islands from Key Largo to the Dry Tortugas.

Upper keys 

Middle keys

Lower keys


Climatology

Climatology is the study of climate, scientifically defined as weather conditions averaged over a period of time, and is a branch of the atmospheric sciences. Basic knowledge of climate can be used within shorter term weather forecasting using analog techniques such as teleconnections and climate indices.

The Greeks began the study of climate.


Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger

"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" is a 2001 single from the album "Discovery" by Daft Punk.

Kanye West's 2007 song "Stronger" from the album "Graduation" uses a sample from "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger".

Fiona Apple

Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart, or Fiona Apple (born September 13, 1977) is an American musician. Her song "Criminal", which was on her first album, "Tidal", won a Grammy Award in 1998 for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.
Since then Apple has released three studio albums.

Apple was born in New York City to singer Diane McAfee and actor Brandon Maggart. She started psychotherapy when she was 11. When she was 12 she was raped outside the apartment she lived in. She had obsessive-compulsive disorder.

In 1994 Apple gave demo tape containing the songs "Never Is a Promise", "Not One of Those Times", and "He Takes a Taxi" to her friend, who was the babysitter of music publicist Kathryn Schenker. Schenker passed the tape on to Sony Music executive Andy Slater. Slater signed Apple to the label. In 1996 Apple's first album "Tidal" was released. Apple won the MTV Video Music Award for "Best New Artist" for her song "Sleep to Dream" in 1997. Apple famously said that "the world is bullshit" in her acceptance speech.

In 1999 Apple's second album "When the Pawn..." was released.

Apple sang with Johnny Cash on a cover of Simon & Garfunkel's "Bridge over Troubled Water" on Cash's 2002 album "American IV: The Man Comes Around".

Apple's third album "Extraordinary Machine" was released in 2005. Apple was on the cover of NYLON magazine.

In 2012 Apple's fourth album "The Idler Wheel..." was released.

A cover of "I'm in the Middle of a Riddle" that Apple made with her sister Maude Maggart was released on February 4 on "Sweetheart", a Valentine's album only sold at Starbucks.

Apple is vegan. In October 2013 she asked a fan to leave her concert in Portland, Oregon after they shouted "Get healthy!" at her.


Pastor

A pastor is what a leader is called in some Christian Churches. The word "pastor" is Latin for "shepherd".


Egyptology

Egyptology is the study of Ancient Egypt. It falls under both history and archaeology. Someone who studies or works in this field is called an Egyptologist.

Lichfield

Lichfield is a small city in Staffordshire, England.

The first part of the name comes from a nearby Roman-British village called "Letocetum". It was captured by the Mercians some time before 669, when it was called "Licidfelth". Between 786 and 803, the Christian archbishop in England was here, instead of Canterbury.

New France

New France was a colony settled by France in North America. The regions in New France included Quebec, Acadia, and the Louisiana Territory. Quebec City was its capital. The French settled there after finding Quebec and in doing so created New France. The colony was most valuable for its fur trade. France lost the colony during the French and Indian War and it became part of British North America, except the western part of the Louisiana Territory which France had ceded in 1762 to the Spanish Empire. In 1800 Spain returned that territory to Napoleon, who sold it to the United States in 1803.

El Llano, Dominican Republic

El Llano ("The Plain") is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 4,193: 2,161 men and 2,032 women. The urban population was of the total population.

El Llano became a municipality by the law 687 of 2 July 1974. Before that date, it was part of Comendador.

El Llano has an area of . It is to the east of Comendador, next to the San Juan province.

The municipality of El Llano has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. The main crop is rice.

Hondo Valle

Hondo Valle (in English, "Deep Valley") is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province. It is in the northern "Sierra de Neiba" mountain range.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 7,194: 3,782 men and 3,412 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Hondo Valle was elevated to the category of municipality by the law 916 of 12 August 1978. Before that date, it was a municipal district of Comendador.

Hondo Valle is in a small valley on the Sierra de Neiba mountain range, at an elevation of 890 m. It is at to the south of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the municipality of El Llano to the north, the municipality of Juan Santiago to the east, the Independencia province to the south and Haiti to the west.

Hondo Valle has a tropical wet and dry/savanna (Köppen climate classification : Aw).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is December with .

Hondo Valle is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Hondo Valle has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Juan Santiago, Dominican Republic

Juan Santiago is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 4,360: 2,394 men and 1,966 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Juan Santiago became a municipal district of Comendador by the law 916 of 12 August 1978. Then, in 2005, it became a municipality of the Elías Piña province.

Juan Santiago has an area of . The limits of the municipality are the municipality of El Llano to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the Independencia province to the south and the municipality of Hondo Valle to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Río Limpio, Elías Piña

Río Limpio (in English, "Clean River") is a Dominican municipal district of Pedro Santana in the Elías Piña Province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 3,364: 1,913 men and 1,451 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Río Limpio became a municipal district of Pedro Santana by the law 36 of 15 November 1992.

Río Limpio has an area of . It is on the right side of the "Vallecito" river, a left tributary of the Artibonite river.

The town is to the west of the "Loma Nalga de Maco" mountain, high (), the highest mountain in the western Cordillera Central mountain range.

The limits of the municipality are the Dajabón province to the northwest, the Santiago Rodríguez province to the northeast, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Pedro Santana to the south and Haiti to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. The main crops are coffee and rice.

Sabana Cruz, Elías Piña

Sabana Cruz (in English, "Savanna [of the] Cross") is a Dominican municipal district of Bánica in the Elías Piña Province. It has a total area of 66.0 km².

Sabana Cruz is on the southwest of the municipality of Bánica, on the border with Haiti.

In the last national census (2002), the population of Sabana Cruz was of 2,081 persons. The population density was 31.5 persons/km².

The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

Sabana Larga, Elías Piña

Sabana Larga (in English, "Long Savanna") is a Dominican municipal district of Comendador in the Elías Piña Province near the border with Haiti.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 2,056: 1,127 men and 929 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sabana Larga was made a municipal district of Comendador by the law 18 of 20 January 2004; a municipal district is a part of a municipality that has its own government.

Sabana Larga is to the northeast of the city of Comendador, on the northern side of the "Macasías" river, the main left tributary of the Artibonite river.

The main economic activity of Sabana Larga is farming.

Destiny Fulfilled

Destiny Fulfilled is the fifth and final studio album by the American R&B trio Destiny's Child. The album features the top five singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier" along with the top twenty single "Cater 2 U" and top thirty single "Girl".

"Destiny Fulfilled" debuted too early at number-nineteen on the Billboard 200 selling 61,000 copies a week before its official release. During its first official week of sales the album sold over 497,000 (558,000) copies and went to number two on the pop charts behind Eminem's "Encore" and number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart (for two weeks). The album sold over 337,000 copies in its second week (number four), 164,000 in its third (number nine) and 214,000 in its fourth (number seven). "Destiny Fulfilled" was made Triple platinum by the RIAA after only eight weeks on the chart in January, 2005. It spent nine weeks in the top ten and fifty weeks on the Billboard 200 and has sold 2.7 million copies in the US says Nielsen SoundScan. The album has sold 6 million copies worldwide, to date.




Kanal 5

Kanal 5 is a Swedish television channel.


Decadence

Decadence (pronounced: DEK-a-dence) means a state in which people are behaving in a way that is regarded by some people as being morally bad. The adjective is 'decadent'. It has nothing to do with the word decade (10 years). 

“Decadence” comes from the Latin words “de” (from) and “cadere” (to fall). Thus it means "to fall from a higher state of being".

Decadence is usually a state in a society which used to be good but has become bad. Many people have started to behave in a way that others think is shocking and society does not function as well as it did before. Of course, not everyone will agree what is “good” or “bad”, but some societies, such as Sodom and Gomorrah, are thought to have been decadent.

The end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century is often called the "fin de siècle" (end of century). It is an example of a supposed decadent society in literature and art. 

In France there were several writers who were happy to be called “decadent”. They included Paul Verlaine, Charles Baudelaire, Arthur Rimbaud and Stéphane Mallarmé. In France, the symbolist artists such as Gustave Moreau regarded themselves as "decadent". In England decadent artists included the author Oscar Wilde and visual artists such as Aubrey Beardsley. The "decadents" advocated living a "decadent lifestyle", which means a lifestyle based on seeking the maximum possible amount of aesthetic pleasure. 

In the early 1970s, glam rock musicians such as David Bowie called themselves "decadent". David Bowie's 1973 album "Diamond Dogs" is about the theme of decadence. Glam rock musicians and fans of glam rock music signaled that they were decadent by wearing platform shoes. The popular 1976 film "Rocky Horror Picture Show" was a humorous depiction of "decadence". 

People of the goth subculture, which began in the early 1980s among fans of the band Bauhaus, generally regard themselves as being "decadent". One way they may symbolize themselves as being decadent is by wearing fishnet stockings. 

The color lavender is usually used to symbolize decadence. Both of the books in the "further reading" list below are colored different tones of lavender. In the 1890s, the color mauve was used to symbolize decadence--the 1890s were called the "mauve decade". 


Kanye West

Ye (born Kanye Omari West, June 8, 1977), known professionally as just Kanye West, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and fashion designer from Chicago, Illinois. In 2020, West ran for President of the United States, under his own political party, the Birthday Party. He changed his name to Ye in late 2021.

He rose to fame in the mid 2000s. His first three albums, "The College Dropout", "Late Registration", and "Graduation" received many awards, critical acclaim, and commercial success. In 2008, he released his fourth album, "808s & Heartbreak". In 2010, he released his fifth album, titled "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". In 2013, he released his sixth album, "Yeezus". "Yeezus" obtained great reviews from many music critics. In 2016, he released his seventh album, "The Life of Pablo". In 2018, he released his eighth album, "Ye". West explored Christian and gospel music on his 2019 album "Jesus Is King". His tenth album "Donda" was released in 2021. West's discography also includes the two full-length collaborative albums "Watch the Throne" (2011) (with Jay-Z) and "Kids See Ghosts" (2018) (with Kid Cudi).

Kanye Omari West was born at Grady Memorial Hospital; in Atlanta, Georgia. He was from a middle-class African-American family. He moved with his mother to Chicago, Illinois when he was three years old. During the same time, his mother and father divorced. He started writing poetry at the age of five. Kanye moved with his mother to Nanjing, China when he was 10. In 1997 West started taking painting classes at Chicago's American Academy of Art. After a short time he changed to Chicago State University to major in English. When he was 20 he left college to focus on music.

West started his music career as a producer creating beats for local Chicago artists. He was well known in these beats to take samples of old and popular soul songs, speed them up, raise the pitch and put these samples in his beats to enhance the sound. This is called Chipmunk Soul. In the late 1990s, West became a member of the amateur rap group called Go-Getters with GLC, Timmy G, and Really Doe. In 1999 they released their only album, "World Record Holders".

In 2003 West released his first mixtape, "Get Well Soon...". In "Get Well Soon..." He rapped on an instrumental from Twista's single "Slow Jamz". In 2004. West's first album "The College Dropout" was released by Roc-A-Fella. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number two. Five singles were released from the album. That year West started a record label called GOOD Music. John Legend is signed to the label. West was nominated for three American Music Awards.

In 2005 West's second album "Late Registration" was released. Five singles were released from the album. The second single "Gold Digger" was nominated for Record of the Year at the 2006 Grammy Awards. West was also nominated for Best New Artists. Other rappers on the album included Jay-Z, Ludacris, and Mos Def. In 2005 West released his first fashion line. West's third album "Graduation" was released in 2007. The album was nominated for eight Grammy Awards. Five singles were released from the album. The album's first single "Stronger" won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.

In 2008, West's fourth studio album "808s & Heartbreak" was released. The album was sung instead of rapped by West. It sold 450,145 copies in its first week. West acted in the 2008 movie "The Love Guru".
"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" was released on Roc-A-Fella Records in 2010. Music critics gave it great reviews. "Pitchfork" gave the album a score of 10/10. "Pitchfork" rarely gives a 10/10 rating, so this was a big achievement. "Rolling Stone" gave it five out of five stars. Four singles were released from the album.

In 2011 West released an album with Jay-Z called "Watch the Throne". In 2011 "All of the Lights" was released as the fourth single from "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". Rihanna sang in it.

On May 23, 2012 a short movie made by West called "Cruel Summer" was shown for the first time at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. The movie was given good reviews. The movie's name came from an album West released called "Cruel Summer" on his record label GOOD Music.

On June 18, 2013 West's sixth studio album "Yeezus" was released. The album got very good reviews from music critics. In November 2013 West gave a lecture at Harvard University. On November 15, 2013 Busta Rhymes' single "Thank You" was released. West rapped on it with Lil Wayne and Q-Tip. On November 24, 2013, West said in an interview that he is making his seventh album. "New Slaves" was nominated for Best Rap Song at the 2014 Grammy Awards. On June 27, 2015, West headlined Glastonbury Festival 2015 to much controversy.

On February 14, 2016, West released "The Life of Pablo" on Tidal, Jay-Z's online music service. On April 1, 2016, West released "The Life Of Pablo" on other music services, including Spotify, Apple Music, and Google Play.

On June 1, 2018, West released "Ye," an album about his mental health struggles"."

In 2018 West released a collaboration album with Kid Cudi called "Kids See Ghosts".

On October 25, 2019, West released "Jesus is King," a religious hip-hop album. It became the first to top the "Billboard" 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Rap Albums, Top Christian Albums and Top Gospel Albums charts at the same time. 

West released a single called "Wash Us in the Blood" on June 30, 2020, featuring rapper and singer Travis Scott. "Wash Us in the Blood" serves as the first single from West's tenth studio album "Donda".

On August 29, 2021, after a long roll out, West released "Donda".

In 2022, West released "Donda 2" only on a music listening device known as the Stem Player.

West married Kim Kardashian in 2014. They have a daughter, North "Nori" West, who was born on June 15, 2013. They also have a son, Saint West, who was born on December 5, 2015. Their third child, daughter Chicago West, was born on January 15, 2018. They had their fourth child on May 9, 2019, a son named Psalm West. In January 2021, CNN reported that the couple were discussing divorce. On February 19, 2021, the couple officially filed for divorce. The divorce became official in 2022.

In January 2023, it was reported that West had informally married Australian architectural designer Bianca Censori in a private ceremony in Beverly Hills, California. The ceremony had no legal standing; the couple did not file for a marriage license. West said Censori is his muse.

In August 2015 during MTV Video Music Award, West announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 election.

In September 2015, West announced that he intends to run for President of the United States in 2020. He later implied on Twitter that he intends to run for President in 2024 due to Donald Trump's win in the 2016 election. On December 13, 2016, West met with President-elect Trump to discuss (according to West) "bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago."

On July 4, 2020, West announced on Twitter that he would be running in the 2020 presidential election, although it's unclear if he has filed official paperwork to appear on ballots.

Kanye West has released 10 studio albums:
On October 9, 2022, West said on Twitter that he would be “going death con 3 On JEWISH PEOPLE", seemingly a misspelling of DEFCON 3. This suggested he was anti-semitic. He also said he supported Adolf Hitler and denied the existence of the Holocaust.


Giro Manoyan

Giro (Kiro) Manoyan () is an Armenian politician, one of the leaders of ARF Dashnaktsutiun and the head of "Armenian Cause" Office.

Manoyan attended and finished Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. In the 1980s he was the Executive Director of the Armenian National Committee of Canada. From 1989 to 1999, he edited the Horizon Weekly Armenian newspaper. Since 2000, he is the Director of the International Secretariat of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Bureau in Yerevan.


Castleton, Derbyshire

Castleton is a small village in the Derbyshire Peak District national park, in England. It is built on a limestone part of the national park and nearly all the buildings are built of limestone. It has extremely good access as it is near some main cities.

The main attractions in Castleton include Mam Tor, a tall mountain made out of shale. Burbage Moor is a lovely walking spot. It has some climbing spots and has a valley in a valley. Winnats Pass is a path way in between two cliffs. It is very spectacular walking through it. There are big limestone caves near Castleton. They have stalagmites stalactites. 

Blue John is a type of rock which is found near Castleton. Water can be seen flowing out of the ground. This is water which has soaked into the limestone.

Castleton has the nickname "Gem of the Pee*”


Los Angeles Lakers

The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games in the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California, which they share with the Los Angeles Clippers, their sister team the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Lakers were originally known as Minneapolis Lakers. The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 17 NBA championships, tied with the Boston Celtics for the most in NBA history. More recently, the Lakers were the champions of the NBA's inaugural In-Season Tournament in 2023.

Many famous players played on the Los Angeles Lakers' team, including:
The Lakers have won 17 NBA championships, including 5 in Minneapolis (1949, 1950, 1952, 1953, 1954) and 12 in Los Angeles (1972, 1980, 1982, 1985, 1987, 1988, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2009, 2010, 2020).

Three of the Lakers' rivals are the Boston Celtics, Portland Trail Blazers, and the Sacramento Kings.

Asterix

Asterix () is a French comic book. It was created by René Goscinny (words) and Albert Uderzo (pictures). Goscinny died in 1977 and Uderzo continued to draw and write the series by himself until his death in 2020. The title character Asterix is a Gaul, a member of a Celtic tribe that lived in France, in the year of 50 B.C.E. Asterix lives in a small village in northwest Gaul (Ancient France) during the time of Julius Caesar in 50 BC. Unlike the rest of Gaul, this village has not been taken over by the Romans, because the people in the village drink a magic potion brewed by their druid Getafix. Asterix has many adventures with his friend, Obelix, a Menhir delivery man. The stories have been adapted into movies and video games; there is even an amusement park. There is also a couple of cartoons made after this popular comic, and both the comic and the cartoon can be made into so that the characters speak French.

Hurdy gurdy

A hurdy gurdy is a stringed musical instrument played by a rosin-covered wheel. It dates back to the Middle Ages. 
The hurdy gurdy can create three types of sounds. The melody is played on melody strings by pressing keys on the side of the instrument. These press tangents against the strings. Hurdy gurdies can also have drone strings, which play one note continuously. Many hurdy gurdies also have a buzzing bridge. Turning the wheel faster causes this to make a rhythmic buzzing sound.


Airplane

An airplane, also known as an aeroplane or just plane, is a fixed-wing aircraft. It moves by thrust from a jet engine, propeller, or rocket engine. Airplanes come in many shapes and sizes. The use of aircraft is called aviation. Airplanes are used for many things including recreation, transportation of goods and people, military, and research. They can move much faster than road, rail or sea transport, and so they are often the choice for long distances. 

Commercial aviation transports more than four billion passengers annually on airliners and transports more than 200 billion ton kilometres of cargo every year, which is less than 1% of the world's cargo movement. Most airplanes are flown by a pilot on board the aircraft, but some are airplanes made to be remotely or computer-controlled such as drones.

Airplanes fly between many cities all over the world, carrying people and cargo. Big cities usually have an international airport, where large airplanes can land and take off safely. Some large cities like New York City and London have more than one airport. Two major makers of airplanes are Airbus and Boeing.

Statistics show that riding in a plane is safer than driving in a car.

People make jokes about airline food, because they say it tastes bad. While travelling on an airliner at a high altitude, it can cause dryness. Because of the low pressure, a person's taste buds are around 30% less sensitive to sweet and salty foods.

The wings of a fixed-wing aircraft are static planes extending either side of the aircraft. When the aircraft travels forwards, air flows over the wings, which are shaped to create lift. This shape is called an airfoil and is shaped like a bird's wing.

Fixed-wing aircraft have long been used as airliners for moving passengers from place to place. Cargo aircraft carry cargo across seas and long distances, and passenger aircraft also carry some cargo.

The first aircraft for war bombing was used in Libya in 1911 by Italy against the Ottoman Empire (ItaloTurkish War). Some fixed-wing aircraft are used by air forces to defend countries. These may be fighter aircraft, using guns or missiles for combat with other aircraft. They may be bombers, dropping bombs on ground targets.

Fixed-wing aircraft allow people to travel longer distances, and faster than ships or trains. Aircraft can fly from New York to London in about 7 hours. It would take one week or more on a ship. Militaries use airplanes to carry their soldiers quickly from place to place.

Airplanes are also used by the military to see many things on the ground easily. This is called surveillance or reconnaissance. Often, fixed-wing aircraft will take photographs as well, which can be used for military planning later. This role is now being taken over by drones, which are automatic planes.

Fossil fuel-powered aircraft release soot and other pollutants into the atmosphere. They burn fossil fuel which releases CO2 emissions, and has warming non-CO2 effects due to nitrogen oxides (NOx), vapor trails and cloud formation.

List of magicians

This is a list of magicians, illusionists, escape artists, and other practitioners of stage magic.

Magicians are listed by the most common name used in performance. Magicians' real names, if different, follow in parentheses.


Magician

A magician is an entertainer who does illusions and magic tricks by learning about the tricks of the mind and using them to his/her advantage; magicians will occasionally use props, such as a pack of cards. 

The most famous magicians are:


Republic P-47 Thunderbolt

The P-47 Thunderbolt (also called The Jug ) was a fighter aircraft made by Republic Aviation. It first flew in 1941, and was introduced in 1942. It had a very big Pratt and Whitney R-2800-59 engine, which had more than 2,000 horsepower. Because of this, the P-47 could go more than 430 miles per hour. In fact, it was the biggest engine ever at the time. It had 8 machine guns, 2 more than most fighters. It's shape and speed made it similar to the Fw 190.

During 1944, the P-51 Mustang was lighter, faster, and could turn better. Because of this, it started replacing the P-47 as a fighter. The P-47 was then used for bombing in late World War II. It was retired from the American Air National Guard in 1955.

Now, there is a jet called the A-10 Thunderbolt II, and it is named after the P-47.


Judo

Judo is very scientific in its training methods and fighting techniques.

Judo grew out of an older martial art, "Jujutsu" or "Jū-jutsu".

"Jujutsu" was an ancient and deadly martial art which used chokes, throws, joint locks, and strikes. Kanō created judo by using techniques which were common in jujutsu. He eliminated techniques that he thought were dangerous in training, so that students could train with resistance. Some basic throws are Tai-otoshi and De-ashi-barai (these are in Japanese). There are two types: groundwork and feet work. Ground work is when both players are on the ground. Usually the attacker would be on top and the uke (defender) would be on the bottom. In feet work both players would move along the mat in a variety of moves. Every once in a while a player will throw their opponent on the floor. In competitions the players will go full on for each other. Once someone has thrown their opponent down, they need to hold them down for 20 seconds or the point will not count. The person who has the most points at the end wins a gold, silver or bronze.


Michelle Williams

Michelle Williams may refer to different people:


Humus

Humus (or humous) is the organic matter in the soil. It is made of dead parts of plants and animals. Humus takes in water and has plenty of nutrients. Nitrogen is the most important. Plants put roots into the soil to get the water and nutrients. Humus is good for plants because it is like a sponge.

The dark colour of humus (usually black or dark brown) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring.

When plants and insects die they are first raw organic matter. Bacteria and fungi eat the raw material, but they do not eat all of it. They leave a small amount behind. The part they leave behind is named "humus". This activity is dynamic and keeps happening. There is always more dead material arriving on top. So the soil always has organic material in it, along with small pieces of rock.

In agriculture, "humus" usually means mature compost, or some taken naturally from a forest, where it may have lived for many years. 


Soil science

Soil science deals with soil as a natural resource on the surface of the earth.

It includes soil formation, classification and mapping.

But many more sciences deal with knowledge of soils and the advancement of the soil sciences: engineering, agronomists, chemistry, geology, geography, biology, microbiology, sylviculture, public health, archaeology, and regional planning.

"Soil" refers to anything between the top of the dirt and the top of the underlying rock (called "bedrock"). Soil is often broken into layers. The top layer is high in organic matter (roting plants and such). Then there is a layer of layer of soil where rain water has removed some metals (called "leaching"). Those metals get collected in another, lower layer. Finally, there is a layer made up mostly of broken bits of bedrock. A soil can have all of these layers, or only a few.

Soils are important because most groundwater, which is used in everything from city water supplies to farming, is found in soil, not bedrock.




King's Counsel

King's Counsel (postnominal KC), during the reign of a female sovereign known as Queen's Counsel (QC), are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.

They are appointed by letters patent to be one of "His Majesty's Counsel learned in the law". They are not a separate type of lawyer. They are more than long serving lawyers, because their status is given by the Crown and recognised by the courts. 

King's Counsel have the privilege of sitting within the Bar of court, and wear silk gowns of a special design (hence the informal title Silks). The special robes are the reason why becoming a
KC is often called "taking silk".

In order to "take silk" a lawyer usually has to serve as a barrister or a Scottish advocate for at least 10 years. Recently solicitors have also been appointed King's Counsel.

A KC's status means they generally charge higher fees than ordinary barristers, and always have another barrister as an assistant. This assistant is called a "junior" even if the junior has been a lawyer longer than the "silk".

Pedogenesis

Pedogenesis or soil evolution (formation) is how soil is created.

Climate regulates soil formation. Soils develop more in areas with more rainfall and more warmth. The rate of chemical weathering increases by 2-3 times when the temperature increases by 10 degrees Celsius (50°F). Climate also affects which organisms are present, affecting the soil chemically and physically (movement of roots, burrowing by animals).

The organisms living in and on the soil form distinct soil types. Coniferous forests have acidic leaf litter. Mixed or deciduous forests leave a larger layer of humus. Prairies have very high humus accumulation, creating a dark, thick soil.

The rock from which soil is formed is called 'parent material' (bedrock). The main types are: eolian (wind), glacial material, alluvium, lake material other parent materials.

Pedogenesis is the major topic of the science of pedology. Its other aspects include the soil morphology, classification (taxonomy) of soils, and their distribution in nature.



11 (number)

11 (eleven or ) is a number. It comes between ten and twelve, is an odd number, and is a prime number, after 2, 3, 5, and 7.

12 (number)

12 (also written as twelve) is a number. It comes between eleven and thirteen, and it is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12. Its ordinal is 12th (twelfth). In Roman numerals, it is written as XII. It is the base of duodecimal numbers. It is often called dozen.

12 is also referred to as, The Twelve Imams or the Twelve Apostles of Christ 


Sedimentary rock

Sedimentary rocks are rocks formed from sediment. They are deposited over time, and often show layers which can be seen in cliffs. Other types of rock are igneous rock and metamorphic rock.

Sediments are usually formed from matter which falls to the bottom of oceans and lakes. The matter includes tiny pieces of other rocks, and dead animals, plants and microorganisms. Also, inorganic chemicals may be precipitated from solution in the water. The three most common sedimentary rocks are limestone, sandstone and shale.

Sedimentary rocks cover 7580% of the Earth's land area, but they make up only 5% of the Earth's crust. The relative abundances of the different types of sedimentary rocks are:

Squeezed and compressed over time, the sediments become 'consolidated' (made solid) into layers of rock. Stratigraphy is the study of those layers

Cementation occurs when dissolved mineral components deposit in the interstices of sediments. It is the sticking together of sediment that forms a rock.

Otherwise, rocks may have the water squeezed out, yet remain for long periods with their character unchanged. There are many quarries of unconsolidated deposits where sand and gravel are removed for the construction industry. Such quarries may be taking out sand which has lasted as sand since the Jurassic period. But consolidated sand, sandstone, can be a very hard rock.

Consolidated rocks may be changed some more, by water seeping through, or by heat and extreme pressure.

Sediments are formed by three processes:

These sedimentary processes – weathering, transportation, and deposition – reach three final end products: quartz sand, shale (from clay), and limestone (CaCO). Most sedimentary rocks are variations on this general pattern.

Chalk, limestone, and dolomite are all basically made from calcium carbonate. This comes from a mixture of minerals and pieces of animals (especially animal shells). They are mostly formed in oceans.
Shales, sandstones, and conglomerates are all clastic rocks. They are made from pieces of other rocks. The pieces may have come from erosion by water, ice or wind.
Coal is made from ancient plants; oil and natural gas is also organic in origin.

Some sedimentary rocks are made of just one type of sediment, all about the same size, such as sand. Other sedimentary rocks will have large and small lumps, and pieces of different types of rock. Well-known sedimentary rocks are sandstone and limestone.

Sedimentary rocks may be found anywhere on Earth. When sedimentary rocks are heated and squeezed, they become metamorphic rocks. Igneous rocks have a volcanic origin. Over a very long time, rocks get recycled, in two ways. When marine sediments are raised above sea level, they get weathered, and the pieces carried down to the sea. On a much longer time-scale continental plates may collide. Then one plate goes under the other (is subducted), and all its material is recycled, emerging much later.



14 (number)

Fourteen is a number. It is between 13 and 15. It is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 7, and 14.

In Roman numerals, 14 is written as XIV.

Rock (geology)

A rock is a naturally occurring solid. Rocks are made of collections of mineral grains that are held together in a firm, solid mass. They are made of minerals (which are crystalline), or other mineral-like substances. 

The Earth's outer solid layer, the lithosphere, is made of rock. That means the Earth's crust is made of rock. The different minerals in the rocks make different kinds of rock. 

Rock is often covered by soil or water. It is beneath the oceans, lakes, and rivers of the earth, and under the polar icecaps. Petrology is the scientific study of rocks.

Rocks are classified by their minerals and chemical make-up. The processes that formed them are also noted. Rocks may be igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic. Rock types may change in a so-called 'rock cycle'.

Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools, either above or below the surface. They are divided into two main categories: plutonic rock and volcanic rock. Plutonic or intrusive rocks are made when magma cools and crystallizes slowly within the Earth's crust (example granite). Volcanic or extrusive rocks result from magma reaching the surface either as lava or ejecta (examples pumice and basalt). There are over 700 hundred types of igneous rocks, and they are usually the hardest and heaviest of all rocks.

Sedimentary rocks are the most common rocks on Earth. They form at or near the Earth's surface. Sedimentary rock is formed in layers which were laid down one by one on top of another. Some of the layers are thin, some are thick. Layers are made by deposition of sediment, organic matter, and chemical precipitates. Of the rocks exposed on the Earth's surface, 66 percent of it are sedimentary rocks. 
Deposition is followed by squeezing of sediment under its own weight, and cementation. This process is called 'consolidation': it turns the sediment into a more or less hard substance.

The approximate amounts of different kinds of sedimentary rock are:

Only sedimentary rocks have fossils.

Metamorphic rocks are formed by rocks coming under great pressure and high temperatures without melting. These temperatures and pressures are found under mountains and volcanoes, especially when continental plates move together. These conditions change the make-up of the original minerals.

Rocks have had an impact on human life. They have been used by humans for over two million years. The mining of rocks for their metals has been one of the most important things in human advancement. Rocks are mined for building materials of all kinds.


15 (number)

Fifteen is a number. It is between fourteen and sixteen, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 5, and 15.

In Roman numerals, 15 is written as XV. 

16 (number)

Sixteen is a number. It comes between fifteen and seventeen, and is an even number. It is also the 4th square number, after 1, 4, and 9. It is the base of hexadecimal numbers.

In Roman numerals, 16 is written as XVI. 

Weathering

Weathering is the breaking down of rocks, soil and their minerals through direct contact with the Earth's atmosphere, waters, or living things. It is a natural process. 

Weathering occurs in one place with little or no movement, and should not be confused with erosion which is when rocks and minerals are moved to another place by ice, water, wind or gravity.

Mechanical or physical weathering is when the rocks and minerals are broken down but the Chemical composition remains the same. Mechanical weathering physically breaks up rock. 

Wind can blow water or small particles such as sand against the rock thus breaking it down.
The wind blowing over your skin removes body heat.local winds are the winds that blow over short distances.

Rain is another force that works slowly. The force of raindrops on some rocks make them wear down. Rain also can make a chemical change in some rocks, because it is usually slightly acidic. The water mixes with the minerals in the rock to break it down.

Changing temperature can make a rock crack. Every day when the sun shines on the rock, its surface is heated. Heat causes the surface to expand (get bigger) a little. The inside of the rock, though, does not heat up as fast as the outside of the rock. The inside of the rock stays cooler. At night, the surface cools down and contracts. The expanding and contracting makes some places on the surface weak, and a crack is made.

Also, if water gets into a crack in a rock and the temperature goes below the freezing point, the water will freeze and expand. After some time, the rock may be weak enough to break into pieces.

Ice, which can be miles thick, grinds the surface of the rock below it. The particles are carried with the ice, and if a glacier ends up in the sea, so does all the material carried with it.

Lava or magma can cause weathering when molten rock touches older rock. It causes the older rock to change form to a different crystal structure.

Chemical weathering is the breaking down of rock which changes the chemical composition.

The carbon dioxide cycle is the most important for weathering. CO is put into the atmosphere mostly by volcanoes, and it is taken out of the atmosphere by photosynthesis, and by one other process. 

While it is in the air, CO can dissolve in water droplets to form weak carbonic acid.

When rain hits rock it does so with mechanical energy and dilute acid. The acid dissolves many types of minerals and rocks though, of course, very slowly. When a mineral like feldspar is dissolved, it lets sodium ions into the sea; chlorine ions come from other minerals. The sea tastes salty because of the elements which have been dissolved out of rocks.


Recrystallisation

Recrystallization (see also crystallization) is an essentially physical process that has meanings in chemistry, metallurgy and geology.

In chemistry, recrystallization is a procedure for purifying compounds. A crystal compound often has other compounds on it that make it less useful. To get rid of these extra items, the crystal is placed in a boiling liquid. Soon the crystal dissolves. The boiling solution, or the mix of the liquid and the dissolved crystal, gets colder. The crystal will form again. The unwanted compounds stay in the solvent, or the liquid. Now the crystal is pure and made of only the compound. Each type of compound works best in a certain type of liquid. Sometimes two or more liquids mixed together are needed to dissolve a crystal.

In geology, solid-state recrystallization is a metamorphic process that occurs under situations of intense temperature and pressure where grains, atoms or molecules of a rock or mineral are packed closer together, creating a new crystal structure. 
Limestone is a sedimentary rock that undergoes metamorphic recrystallization to form marble, and clays can recrystallize to muscovite mica.

In metallurgy, recrystallization is the nucleation and growth of new undeformed grains in a deformed metal.

For ice, recrystallization means the growth of larger crystals at the expense of smaller ones. Some biological antifreeze proteins have been shown to inhibit this process, and the effect may be relevant in freezing-tolerant organisms.


Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981

The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 is an law for environmental conservation made by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It protects native species and restricts the release of non-native species into the wild. The Act is split into four parts. Killing most mammals and almost all birds is illegal in the United Kingdom, except for certain types and for certain reasons.

General licences under the act to hunt birds are issued each year by the Department for Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) in England. The Department can give a licence to kill or disturb birds. It also gives out a general licence. This allows any "authorised person", that is someone who has the landowner's permission, to kill certain birds, or to destroy their eggs or nests, if there is no other way to get rid of the birds.

This table shows the name of the bird, and the reasons () that type of bird can be destroyed.
or to prevent serious damage to livestock or damage to foodstuffs for livestock, crops, vegetables, fruit, growing timber, fisheries or inland waters.


Soil classification

Soil classification means that one finds categories of soils that are based on general characteristics as well as criteria that decide about the use that is possible.

Soil classification can be approached from both the perspective of pedogenesis and from soil morphology. But in both cases interpretations do not vary widely. 



Manor house

A manor house or fortified manor-house is a country house, which has historically formed the centre of a manor (see Manorialism). The term is sometimes used for relatively small country houses which belonged to gentry families, as well as to grand stately homes, particularly as a technical term for minor late medieval castles more intended for show than for defence.

In general terms, the manor house was the house of a feudal lord of a manor, which he occupied only on occasional visits if he held many manors. Although not built with strong fortifications as castles were, many manor houses were partly fortified: they were enclosed within walls or ditches. Often the farm buildings were within these walls as well. Many manor houses had small gatehouses and watchtowers. 

The main feature of the manor house was its great hall. By the beginning of the 16th century, manor houses as well as small castles began to acquire the character and amenities of the residences of country gentlemen. This late 16th century transformation produced many of the smaller Renaissance châteaux of France and the many country mansions of the Elizabethan and Jacobean styles in England. 

In France, the terms "château" or "manoir" are often used to describe a French manor house. "Maison-forte" is another French word to describe a strongly fortified manor house. In the western France provinces of Brittany and Normandy, certain large manors enjoyed real means of protection. 

In modern usage, the term "manor" or "manor house" is often used, especially outside Europe, to mean simply either a country house or indeed any other house considered to resemble one, without any reference to age or to the historical sense of the term.



English country house

The English country house is generally accepted as a large house that was once in the ownership of an individual who in most of the cases owned another great house in the West End of London. The country house was not only a weekend retreat for aristocrats, but also often a full time residence for the minor gentry.

The country houses of England have developed over the last 500 years. Before this time most larger houses were fortified, because their owners were feudal lords or overlords of their manor. The Tudor period of stability in the country saw the first of the large unfortified country houses.

With the rise of modern industry and urbanization, when people left the country to go to the big cities the popularity of country houses declined as there were less people in the country. After 1945 it became very difficult to pay for the huge staff that was required to maintain these houses.



Larynx

The larynx (plural "larynges"), also known as the voice box, is an organ in the neck of humans and animals. It helps to protect the wind pipe by stopping it from inhaling food. It also helps with breathing and making sounds. The larynx houses the vocal cords.

The larynx makes the voice. Both pitch and loudness are controlled here. It has a small slit through which air passes and makes the vocal cords vibrate. The vibrating vocal cords make the air vibrate. This sound changes as it travels through the vocal tract. It becomes a different sound based on the position of the tongue, lips, mouth, and pharynx.

When swallowing, the backward motion of the tongue forces part of the larynx called the epiglottis to cover up the opening to the larynx, also called the laryngeal opening. This is to stop the food swallowed from entering the lungs. The larynx is also pulled upwards to help with this process. If the larynx is irritated by something that is swallowed, a strong cough reflex is used to protect the lungs.

There are several things that can cause a larynx to not function properly. Some symptoms are hoarseness, loss of voice, pain in the throat or ears, and breathing difficulties. Larynx transplant is not done very often. The world's first successful operation took place in 1998 at the Cleveland Clinic, and the second took place in October 2010 at the University of California Medical Center in Sacramento.



Endangered species

An endangered species is a species (a population) of animals, plants or other organisms that is in danger of becoming extinct. This could happen because there are few of that animal left, its predators have grown in number, or the climate that it lives in is changing, or the places it lives in have been destroyed. The World Conservation Union (IUCN) has worked out that endangered species are 40% of all organisms. 

Many countries have laws to protect these plants and animals. These laws, if obeyed, can save species by stopping hunting, land development or making parks and reserves. Poaching and other illegal activities, however, can still destroy them. 

Only a few plants and animals at risk of extinction, mostly vertebrates, are put on the lists and get legal protection. Many more species become extinct, or will become extinct, without people knowing about it.

This is a list of some mammals that are endangered. They include:

Endangered birds include:



Archosaur

Archosaurs are a large group of reptiles, including all crocodiles, birds, dinosaurs, and pterosaurs (flying reptiles). There are also a number of smaller extinct groups, mostly from the Triassic period.

The Archosaurs are definitely a monophyletic clade, and do not include reptiles such as the Squamata (lizards and snakes) and the Sphenodontia ("Sphenodon").

They have these diagnostic features, called "synapomorphies" in cladistics talk:

The archosaurs or their immediate ancestors survived the catastrophic Permian–Triassic extinction event. Benton comments: "The key tetrapods to benefit from the Permo-Triassic mass extinction was the Archosauromorpha". Then, in the early and middle Triassic, there was rapid evolution into the types of aquatic and land tetrapods which dominated the rest of the Mesozoic era.

Clades:

This is an even wider group, which includes diapsid Sauropsida which appeared in the middle Permian and Triassic periods. Their relationships are not well established at present.


MS Explorer

The MS "Explorer was a cruise ship ("MS" stands for motor ship). It had been known as MS "Lindblad Explorer (–1985) and MS "Society Explorer" (–1992). It was registered in Liberia. It was designed for sailing in cold areas, such as around Antarctica. The MS "Explorer" was originally ordered by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad. The ship was sold several times. Its last owner was the Toronto-based travel company G.A.P Adventures. It had bought the "Explorer" in 2004.

Besides being the first cruise ship ever built specifically for the cold waters of the Antarctic Ocean, the "Explorer" became the first ever to sink there when it struck an unidentified submerged object, possibly ice, on November 23, 2007, which caused a 10-by-4 inch (25 × 10 cm) gash in the hull. Everyone escaped from "Explorer" in the early hours of November 23, 2007, near the South Shetland Islands in the Southern Ocean, which is usually stormy, but was calm at the time. The "Explorer" was confirmed by the Chilean Navy to have sunk at approximately position: 62 degrees 24 minute South and 57 degrees 16 minutes west, between South Shetlands and Grahams Land, in the Bransfield Strait, where the depth is roughly 2,000 feet (600 m).

Commissioned by Lars-Eric Lindblad, the Swedish-American pioneer of exotic expedition tours, the "Explorer" was built in 1969 at Nystads Varv shipyard in Uusikaupunki, Finland. The ship was built to stay afloat with two of its compartments filled with water, and its ice class on the HELCOM scale was IC.

The vessel was originally named the "Lindblad Explorer" in honor of Lars-Eric Lindblad. On February 11, 1972 the "Explorer" ran into the ground near La Plaza Point, Antarctica; its passengers, Lars-Eric Lindblad among them, were rescued by the Chilean Navy. It was towed to Buenos Aires, Argentina and then to Kristiansand, Norway for repairs.

In 1998 "Explorer" was the first ship to sail around the James Ross Island;.

The "Explorer" was depicted on at least two postage stamps issued by South Georgia.

The ship left Ushuaia, Argentina on November 11, 2007, on a 19-day cruise intended to trace the route of 20th century explorer Ernest Shackleton through the Drake Passage (an area typically stormy with rough seas). After visiting the Falkland Islands and South Georgia Island the "Explorer" hit an unidentified submerged object in the Bransfield Strait close to King George Island in the Antarctic Ocean, near the South Shetland Islands, on November 23, 2007. The object struck by the "Explorer" caused a 10-by-4 inch (25 × 10 cm) hole to the ship's port side (left side) which allowed sea water to enter the ship.

A passenger reported sea water in the cabin at about 03:00 UTC. Although some reports indicate there had been no noticeable impact, or at least nothing more than the normal crunching of ice experienced when sailing through icy waters, other reports say that there was a loud bang. Some reports also indicate that the ship drifted into an iceberg on the "Explorer's" starboard side while the crew was assessing damage caused by the original impact to the port side of the ship.

A mayday call was put out by the ship at 04:24 UTC, and rescue operations were quickly coordinated by the Prefectura Naval (Coast Guard Corps) of the Argentine Republic, and the Chilean Navy Center for Search and Rescue. Chile dispatched the icebreaker "Almirante Viel", and nearby commercial ships including the MN "Ushuaia", the "National Geographic Endeavor", and the Norwegian Coastal Express ship MS "Nordnorge" which was operating as a passenger cruise ship at the time. By 07:30 UTC, all 91 passengers, 9 guides and 54 crew, from over 14 countries, left the ship and took to the life rafts, where they drifted for three to four hours, until they were picked up by the Norwegian ship MS "Nordnorge" which arrived on scene by 10:00 UTC. It is believed that the "Explorer" sank at about 19:00 UTC. Coincidentally, earlier in 2007, the MS "Nordnorge" was involved in another Antarctic rescue when it evacuated 294 passengers from a sister ship, the MS "Nordkapp", when the Nordkapp ran aground on Deception Island, a part of these same remote South Shetland Islands archipelago.

Some of those rescued by the "Nordnorge" were taken to the Chilean Eduardo Frei Montalva Station on King George Island. Later they were flown by C-130 Hercules transport aircraft of the Chilean Air Force to Punta Arenas, Chile, in two separate flights on Saturday, November 24, and Sunday, November 25, 2007. Approximately 70 of the survivors were taken to Uruguay’s Artigas Base. The "Explorer" sank within 20 hours. 


Calcite

Calcite is one of the most common minerals on the Earth's surface. It is a often part of sedimentary rocks, especially limestone. It is also the primary mineral in metamorphic marble.

It is a chemical or biochemical calcium carbonate with the formula CaCO. It is a carbonate mineral. It can be a vein mineral in deposits from hot springs, and in caverns as stalactites and stalagmites.

 

Stalagmite

A stalagmite is a form that can be found on the floor of a cave. It rises from the floor of a limestone cave when mineralized solutions drip from the ceiling and deposits of calcium carbonate form columns on the ground. The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite. 

There are several methods to help remember which formation hangs from the ceiling (stalactite) and which rises from the floor (stalagmite):


When touring caves with stalactites and stalagmites you might be asked to not touch the rock formations. This is generally because the formation is considered to still be growing and forming. Since the rock buildup is formed by minerals solidifying out of the water solution, skin oils can disturb where the mineral water will cling. So the development of the rock formation will be affected and not will not be natural anymore.

Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors, but they form much more quickly on concrete than in the natural cave environment.



Deposit

Deposit could mean:


Deposition (geology)

Deposition is the geological process where material is added to a land (or a landform). This can happen in many places, such as a beach or river. Some parts of a shoreline build up and grow out, whereas other parts of the shoreline erode and fall into the sea.

In deposition, wind and water lay down grains of material that have been eroded and transported from another place. Deposition happens when the forces which transport sediments are weaker than the forces of particle weight and friction. This causes a resistance to movement, and the particles drop down. 

Deposition can also refer to the buildup of sediment from organically derived matter or chemical process.

Calcium carbonate

Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound, with the chemical formula CaCO. The elements involved are calcium (Ca), carbon (C) and oxygen (O). It is a common substance found as rock in all parts of the world, and is the main component of seashells, snails, and eggshell. 

Calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water. It is used as a calcium supplement or as a treatment for antacid, but too much can be bad for your health.

Calcium carbonate is found naturally as the following minerals and rocks:

To test whether a mineral or rock contains calcium carbonate, strong acids, such as hydrochloric acid, can be added to it. If the sample does contain calcium carbonate, it will fizz and produce carbon dioxide. Weak acids such as acetic acid will react, but less quickly. All of the rocks/minerals mentioned above will react with acid.


Hard water

Hard water is water that has a high mineral content (contrast with "soft water").

The main components of these minerals usually are calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) ions. But there are also dissolved metals, bicarbonates, and sulfates. Calcium usually enters the water as either calcium carbonate (CaCO) in the form of limestone and chalk, or calcium sulfate (CaSO) in the form of several other mineral deposits. The main source of magnesium is dolomite (CaMg(CO)). Hard water is generally not harmful and some hardness in water is a useful source of calcium for healthy bone development . 


Soft water

Soft water is water which has relatively low concentration of calcium carbonate and other ions . It contains less than 85.5 parts per million of calcium carbonate. 

The water that lathers with soap easily is called or known as soft water. It describes 

Soft water mostly comes from peat or igneous rock sources, such as granite but may also come from sandstone sources, since those sedimentary rocks are usually low in calcium and magnesium. 

Hard water may be better for the heart than soft water. Its calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg)ions may be a dietary supplement for some. 

The main disadvantage of hard water is it deposits calcium carbonate on pipes, especially hot water pipes. This is called "scale formation". It may cause blockage of pipes and reduce boiler efficiency. Also, soap and detergents work less well in hard water. These effects increase as hardness increases.

Moorland

Moorland or moor is a type of habitat that one can find in upland areas, that are characterised by acidic soils. 

Moorland habitats are rather common in the neotropics and tropical Africa but one can find them also in small scattered places in northern and western Europe, northern Australia, North America, Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent. In the tiny areas of European moorlands tend to be environments with only very few species. They are often dominated by heather. In the far more extensive moorlands of the tropics species diversity can be extremely high. 

Moorlands differ from typical heathland in being colder and much wetter, often with extensive bogs.

Notable areas of upland moorland in Britain include the Dark Peak, the Forest of Bowland, the Lake District, the Pennines, Mid Wales, the Southern Uplands of Scotland, the Scottish Highlands and a few very small pockets in western Herefordshire.

In Europe if the heather and other vegetation is left for too long, a large volume of dry and combustible material builds up. This may cause a fire which may burn out a large area. But generally moorland wildlife copes with even major fires and are easily able to recover if such intense burnings are not too frequent.


Moorland (disambiguation)

Moorland could mean:

In geography:


In other fields:


Neotropic

In context of biogeography, Neotropic or Neotropical means one of the world's eight terrestrial ecozones.

This ecozone includes South and Central America, the Mexican lowlands, the Caribbean islands, and southern Florida, because these regions share a large number of plant and animal groups.

It is sometimes used as a synonym for the tropical area of South America, although the ecozone also includes temperate southern South America. 
Its fauna and flora are distinct from the Nearctic (which includes most of North America) because of the long separation of the two continents. The formation of the Isthmus of Panama joined the two continents 2 to 3 million years ago.

The Neotropic includes more tropical rainforest than any other ecozone. They extend from southern Mexico through Central America and northern South America to southern Brazil and include the Amazon Rainforest. These rainforest ecoregions are one of the most important reserves of biodiversity on Earth. Extensive deforestation in the late 20th century has reduced this diversity to a degree.



Nearctic

"For the thoroughbred racehorse see Nearctic (horse)."
The Nearctic is one of the eight terrestrial ecozones dividing the Earth's land surface.

In ecology, an ecozone is a large land mass that contains many terrestrial ecoregions, each of which has unique plants and animals.

The Nearctic ecozone covers most of North America, including Greenland and the highlands of Mexico. 

Southern Mexico, southern Florida, Central America, and the Caribbean islands are part of the Neotropic ecozone, together with South America.

The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) divides the Nearctic into four Bioregions, defined as "geographic clusters of ecoregions that may span several habitat types, but have strong biogeographic affinities, particularly at taxonomic levels higher than the species level (genus, family)."



Nearctic (horse)

Nearctic (February 11, 1954 – July 27, 1973) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He had his most successful season in racing at 4 years old, when he won nine races. Nearctic was retired to stand at stud at "Windfields Farm" in Canada where he became father of a "Kentucky Derby" winner and the "Northern Dancer".
He died at age 19 on July 27, 1973.


Stud

Stud could mean:

Lockerbie

Lockerbie is a small town in Scotland. About 4000 people live there. The town has been there since about 900. By 1750 Lockerbie had become a significant town. From the 1780s it was a staging post on the carriage route from Glasgow to London. Thomas Telford's Carlisle-to-Glasgow road was built through Lockerbie from 1816. The Caledonian Railway opened the line from Carlisle to Beattock through Lockerbie in 1847 and later all the way to Glasgow. 

It was devastated on 21 December 1988 when a Pan American 747-400 aeroplane crashed after a bomb exploded on board. The bomb was hidden in a hand held radio in the rear cargo hold. It had been transferred onto the flight from a connecting flight from Amsterdam. All passengers and crew aboard the aeroplane, and 11 people in the town were killed. The total number of people killed was 270. The Libyan government was found to have organized the bombing. The United Nations placed sanctions on Libya, which stopped people buying and selling items with Libya. In 2003 Libya agreed to pay compensation to the families of the people killed.

Circadian rhythm

A circadian rhythm is a rhythm that repeats about every 24 hours. Plants and animals have these built-in cycles which allow them to flower at the right time, sleep at the right time, etc.

These cycles are also called circadian clocks. The word "circadian" comes from the Latin "circa", "around", and "diem" or "dies", "day", meaning "about a day". Biological time-keeping rhythms include daily, tidal, weekly, seasonal, and annual rhythms. However, most of these rhythms repeat once a day, so they are called circadian from the Latin "circa" (about) "dies" (a day).

Circadian clocks are the internal clocks which make sure that the organism is doing the right thing at the right time. With more complex animals there is the matter of sleep, which seems to be universal amongst animals which have a brain.

Circadian rhythms do some amazing things, especially in the oceanic animals whose eggs are fertilised externally. This means the eggs and sperm have to be released at the same time by both sexes of the same species. Little is known about the physiology of how this coordination is achieved.

Animal clocks have three main parts:

In 2017, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young "for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm" in fruit flies ("Drosophila").

The circadian rhythms, also called the "biological clock" or the "body clock", of humans and other animals, regulate many bodily functions including feeding, sleeping, body temperature and hormone production.

The actual machinery in plants, fungi and bacteria are different from those in the animal clock. However, they do the same kind of thing in practice.

Stud (animal)

A stud in animal breeding is a male animal, such as a horse or dog, that is employed for breeding. The terms for the male of a given animal species (stallion, bull, rooster, etc.) usually mean that the animal is entire, that is, not castrated, and therefore capable of standing at stud. A specialized vocabulary exists for de-sexed animals.

A stud farm, in animal husbandry, is an establishment for selective breeding using stud animals.

Castration

Castration is any action, surgical, chemical, or otherwise, by which a male loses the functions of the testes or a female loses the functions of the ovaries. It is also a type of anaphrodisiac.

Castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding. 
Domestic animals are usually castrated in order to avoid unwanted or uncontrolled reproduction; to reduce or prevent other ways of sexual behaviour such as territorial behaviour or aggression (like fighting between groups of uncastrated males of a species); or to reduce other consequences of sexual behaviour that may make animal husbandry more difficult, such as fence destruction when animals try to get to nearby females of the species.

Male horses are usually castrated, because stallions are rather aggressive. The same applies to male mules, although they are sterile. Male cattle are castrated to improve docility for use as oxen.

A specialized vocabulary has arisen for neutered animals of given species:

The practice of castration has its roots before recorded human history. Castration was frequently used in certain cultures of Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa and China, for political, religious or social reasons. After battles in some cases, victors castrated their captives or the corpses of the defeated to symbolise their victory and 'seize' their power. Castrated men — eunuchs — were often admitted to special social classes and were used particularly to staff bureaucracies and palace households: in particular, the harem. Castration also figured in a number of religious castration cults. Other religions, for example Judaism and Islam, were strongly opposed to the practice. The "Leviticus Holiness code", for example, specifically excludes eunuchs or any males with defective genitals from the priesthood, just as castrated animals are excluded from sacrifice.

In China, to become a servant of the emperor, men had to be castrated. This would prevent them from having sons or having affairs with royal concubines. Eunuchs in China have been known to usurp power in many eras of Chinese history, most notably in the Later Han, late Tang and late Ming Dynasties. There are similar recorded Middle Eastern events.

Testicular cancer is generally treated by surgical removal of the cancerous testicle(s) (orchidectomy), often followed by radiation or chemotherapy. Unless both testicles are cancerous, only one is removed.

Edward Gibbon's famous work "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" reports castration of defeated foes at the hands of the Normans. Castration has also been used in modern conflicts, as the Janjaweed militiamen currently (as of 2005) attacking citizens of the Darfur region in Sudan, often castrating villagers and leaving them to bleed to death. In some countries, the law suggests castrating sex criminals such as hebephilles.

In Europe, when females were not permitted to sing in church or cathedral choirs in the Roman Catholic Church, boys were sometimes castrated to prevent their voices breaking at puberty and to develop a special high voice. The first documents mentioning castrati are Italian church records from the 1550s.





Bullock

Bullock may refer to:


Bureaucracy

Bureaucracy is a concept. It is the structure and rules which control the activities of people that work for large organizations and government. 

It has standardized procedure (rule-following), formal division of responsibility, hierarchy, and impersonal relationships. However, in practice, the interpretation and execution of policy can lead to informal influence.

Bureaucracy is a concept in sociology and political science. Four things are central to any definition of bureaucracy: a well-defined division of work between persons and offices, consistent patterns of recruitment, and stable careers. There is a hierarchy among offices, such that the authority and status are distributed between actors. Formal and informal networks connect people to one another, through flows of information and patterns of cooperation. 

Examples of everyday bureaucracies include governments, armed forces, corporations, hospitals, courts, ministries and schools.


Anzère

Anzère is a small village in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is north of Sion. It is a popular ski resort, with several ski schools. 

The ski slopes in Anzère cover about 40 kilometers, with 1 cablecar, 2 chair lifts, and 8 T-bars.
There are several cafes in the area, and the entire area is known as Télé-Anzère. 
Facilities in and around Anzère's 'Place du Village' include both indoor and outdoor swimming pools, two supermarkets, many hotels, bars and nightclubs, as well as many restaurants and clothing shops. The 'Place du Village' is a person area right in the heart of the village, housing most of Anzère's cafes and restaurants. There is also an internet cafe, a crèperie and a children's play area.


Sion, Switzerland

Sion is the capital of the Swiss canton of Valais. In 2002, it had a population of 27,700.

Landmarks include the Basilique de Valère and Château de Tourbillon.

As of 31 December 2005, 28,013 people lived in Sion. It is in the center of the Rhône valley. Sion is the economic and commercial hub of the region and canton.

The older area of the city still stays and is well preserved. As well as the two Château's, a number of other important buildings are there, such as the "Château de la Majorie", the "Hôtel de Ville" and the "Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Sion".

Sion started to develop during the time of the Celts.

It takes its name from the Latin word "Sedunum". It housed the Romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century BCE.

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sion is the oldest bishopric in Switzerland. It is one of the oldest north of the Alps.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Salins merged into the municipality of Sion.

In 2017, Les Agettes became part of the municipality.

The tertiary sector is the main economic sector in Sion. Tourism is also an important sector due to its historic "château's" and museums.

Sion is the third largest wine making region in Switzerland, however, the valuable agricultural land and vineyards are undergoing constant regression due to the process of urbanisation.

Sion has also become an important medical site. The Sion-Region hospital is here next to the central institute of Valaisan hospitals and the "Romande" clinic for physical rehabilitation (SUVA).

Finally, the commune has a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes. This incinerator has a catalytic converter, something that reduces harmful gases to acceptable levels. The heat created from the burning is converted into electrical energy that is then provided to local communes.

Public airshows have been held at the airfield of Sion. Participating aerobatic teams have included the Frecce Tricolori from Italy was well as the Patrouille de France.

Sion is on the main railway line and the motorway. It also has an airport (Sion Airport).


Brig District

The Brig District is a part of the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It includes the following municipalities:

Monthey

Monthey is the capital of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

As of 2004, Monthey had a population is of 15,118 people ("Montheysans"). Monthey is located on the west side of the Rhône valley, south to Lake Geneva. Monthey is important to Swiss industry, with many important companies including chemical companies. The city is close to the famous winter sports region, the Portes du Soleil.


Sierre

Sierre is the capital of the Sierre district in the Valais canton in Switzerland.

It has a population of 14,355. It is at the language border of the German-speaking upper part of the ""Wallis"" and the French-speaking ""Valais"". This city counts as one of the three official bilingual towns in Switzerland. Sierre is starting point for the tourist sites of the Val d'Anniviers including the villages of Vercorin, Chandolin, St-Luc Vissoie, St-Jean Chandolin, Grimentz, Zinal and Ayer. Sierre is connected with Crans-Montana by a cable car.

At the beginning of the 20th century, Sierre became economically important as very early aluminium smelting was possible because of its access to hydroelectricity.


Brig, Switzerland

Brig is the capital of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

The historic town of 5,000 people is part of the Brig-Glis municipality. The name 'Brig' comes from "Briva", or "bridge." Its medieval name was "Briga dives". It is a small town in the Swiss canton of the Valais, at the foot of the northern slope of the Simplon Pass, on the right bank of the Saltine stream, and a little above its junction with the Rhone. Its older houses look very Italian. Its buildings were built during the 17th century, because of a single member of the local Stockalper family.

Brig is close to the Swiss-Italian borders. The language used when talking between one another is a unique German dialect, used only in this canton. Brig is popular among winter sport athletes, since it is surrounded by many Alp summits. The town itself is close to Rhone river. Due to the height, the temperatures in winter often remain below zero, resulting in frost. During the summer season, heat can be intense.

The place of meeting in the town is the train station, which links it to other Swiss cities.

The wealth of Brig is because of the Simplon Pass. The opening of the carriage road across the Simplon (1807) and of the tunnel beneath the pass (1906), as well as the fact that above Brig is the steeper and less fertile portion of the Upper Valais (then much frequented by tourists), greatly increased the importance and size of the town.


Pennine Alps

The Pennine Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps. They are in Switzerland (Valais) and Italy (Piedmont and the Aosta Valley).

They include the following peaks:

Bernese Alps

The Bernese Alps are a group of mountain ranges in the western part of the Alps, in Switzerland. Although the name notes that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, some of the Bernese Alps are found in the cantons of Vaud, Fribourg, Valais, Lucerne, Uri, and Nidwalden.

The main peaks of the Bernese Alps are:


Armenian National Committee of America

The Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA) is the largest and most influential Armenian American advocacy organization in the United States. Working in coordination with a network of offices, chapters, and supporters throughout the country and affiliated organizations around the world, the ANCA advances the concerns of the Armenian American community on a broad range of issues.

Beyond the Central offices of ANCA are in Washington DC, Boston and Los Angeles, ANCA has more than fifty local chapters and thousands of activists, it is cooperating with a large web of regional Armenian National Committees (or "Armenian Cause/Hay Tad" Offices) in Armenia, Russia, France, the Middle East, Canada and Australia.

The executive director of ANCA is Aram Hamparian.


Valais

Valais is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland in the south-western part of the country.

It is near the valley of the Rhone River from its springs to Lake Geneva, that separates Pennine Alps from the Bernese Alps. The canton is one of the drier parts of Switzerland in its central Rhone valley. It is also one of most well-watered parts, having large amounts of snow and rain up on the highest peaks in Switzerland. It is perhaps best known worldwide for the Matterhorn.

The canton of Valais is in the south of Switzerland. To its south is Italy, to the southwest France. To the north the canton there are the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Bern; the cantons of Uri and Ticino lie to its east.

The wide, icy Rhone valley dominates the area. There are many side valleys off the main valley. At the head of the Mattertal valley is Zermatt, a pretty tourist village dominated by views of the Matterhorn (4,478 m). Fifty of the mountains are more than 4,000m high, with the highest, Monte Rosa, that reaches to 4,638m (15,217 ft), and there are many glaciers.

The Rhône drains the main valley from east to west up to Martigny, Switzerland, then in a right angle north to its mouth in the Lake Geneva. After the small town of Saint-Maurice, the northern banks of the river belong to the canton of Vaud. The main valley is between the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south. Only about half of the total area is considered productive.

The Romans called the area "Vallis Poenina" (""Upper Rhône Valley"").

In 888, Valais became a part of the kingdom of Jurane Burgundy.

King Rudolph III of Burgundy gave the area to the Bishop of Sion in 999, and made him Count of the Valais. The count-bishops had to defend their area against the dukes of Savoy.

in 1474 was the Battle of Planta, a place near the capitale Sion. The Bishop of Sion and the people of the Sieben Zenden, beat the Duke of Savoy. The Battle of Planta is a part of the Burgundy War. 
After this battle, the bisoph conquired the area until Lake Geneva.

Valais did not follow the Protestant Reformation.

On March 12, 1529, Valais became an associate member ("Zugewandter Ort") of the Swiss Confederation.

In 1628 the Valais became a republic, the "République des Sept Dizains / Republik der Sieben Zenden" but the bishop remained in power until Napoleon's troops invaded the Valais and created the "République du Valais" on March 16, 1798 but on May 1, 1798, the Valais became part of the Helvetic Republic and became independent again in 1802 as the "Rhodanic Republic".

In 1810, the Rhodanic Republic was made a part of France, and was called the Simplon Department.

Valais became independent again in 1813 and on August 4, 1815 decided to join the Swiss confederation as a canton (state).

In 1845, the Valais joined the Catholic separatist league ("Sonderbund"), but never fought federal troops when other members of the league started fighting in 1847.

Wine production and tourism are some of the main industries of the canton. The Matterhorn near Zermatt is one of the biggest tourist attractions in the Swiss mountains, as is its sister valley immediately east Saas Fee. Other parts of the mountains of the canton farther west are popular as well, such as the more French speaking resorts near Verbier and the Evolene & Arolla region. The resorts on the north side of the main Rhone river valley are popular, looking out southwards towards the Peninne Alps and still part of the southern slope of the Bernese Alps, such as the family oriented resort of Crans-Montana. The resorts in the Goms region are slightly less known, yet also receive attention during the summer hiking season and the winter ski season.

Apart from tourism, agriculture is still important, particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains. The wine industry of the canton is the largest in Switzerland. There are also a large number orchards in the area, and saffron is also gathered here.

The most industrial western region of the canton is called Chablais. The area is very important for the economy. There are a lot of factories, the most important are the subsidiaries of Novartis and Syngenta, in Monthey. In the town of Collombey, there is an oil refinery.
Near Visp there is a large plant of aluminium manufacturing. Other metal products and chemicals are produced around Visp and Sierre.

Despite the thriving tourist industry, high level of infrastructure, and the many vineyards, canton Valais is still one of the poorest of the Swiss cantons, and not near the rich banking/financial cantons. A large portion of the canton's land and houses are now owned by foreigners.

A small airport is at Sion, but the main routes of transport are rail and road. Both networks are large and benefit from tourism. Many of the road passes are well known, such as the Grimsel Pass. The longest land tunnel in the world, the Lötschberg Base Tunnel, will soon be working, in late 2007 perhaps, connecting by rail the town of Frutigen in canton Bern, with the town of Visp in canton Valais/Wallis. This is to better spread car traffic in the highly scenic Kandertal, and also to provide faster transport through the Bernese Alps from the populous Mittelland in the north to the southern canton of Valais. Cars may be loaded onto the trains as freight.

Valais is mostly French speaking. The eastern part of the canton Upper Valais, however, speaks Walliser German. The French speaking population makes up a two-thirds of the population.

The people of the canton are spread thinly. The largest towns are the capitals Sion ("Sitten"), Sierre and Brig. There is no major city in the canton. Most of the population is Roman Catholic.


The following are the cities of the canton, by district.



Conthey District

Conthey is a district in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities:

Martigny, Switzerland

Martigny is the capital city of the French-speaking district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is 495 meters high. It has a population of about 15,000 people. Martigny is at the joining of Italy, France and Switzerland, one road linking this town over the Great St. Bernard Pass to Aosta (Italy), and the other one, over the col de la Forclaz to Chamonix (France). In winter, Martigny is appreciated for its nearby ski resorts like Verbier.

In the first century BCE, present-day Martigny was an oppidum or vicus of a Celtic tribe, the Veragri. It was then called Octodurus or Octodurum. When Julius Caesar was in Gaul (57-56 BCE), he sent Servius Galba with the twelfth legion and some cavalry into the country of the Nantuates, Veragri, and Seduni. His purpose in sending this force was to open the pass over the Alps, the pass of the Great St. Bernard, by which road the "mercatores" had been used to travel at great risk, and with the payment of great tolls. ("B. G." iii. 1.) The people of the Alps allowed the Italian merchants to pass, because if they plundered them the merchants would not come; but they got as much out of them as they could. Galba, after taking many strong places, and receiving the submission of the people, sent off two cohorts into the country of the Nantuates, and with the remaining cohorts determined to winter in Octodurus, which was in a valley with no great extent of level ground near it, confined on all sides by very lofty mountains. There is some level ground at Martigny, and the valley of the Rhone at this part is not very narrow. Caesar says that the town of Octodurus was divided into parts by a river, but he does not mention the river's name. It is the Dranse. Galba gave one part of the town to the Galli to winter in, and assigned the other to his troops. He fortified himself with a ditch and rampart, and thought he was safe. He was, however, suddenly attacked by the Galli before his defences were complete or all his supplies were brought into the camp. Thus began the Battle of Octodurus. The Romans obstinately defended themselves in a six hours' fight; when, seeing that they could no longer keep the enemy out, they made a sortie, which was successful. The Romans estimated the Galli at more than 30,000, and Caesar says that more than a third part were destroyed. The slaughter of the enemy was prodigious, which has been made an objection to Caesar's veracity, or to Galba's, who made his report to the commander. It has also been objected that the valley is not wide enough at Martigny to hold the 30,000 men. There may be error in the number that attacked, and also in the number who died. After this escape Galba prudently withdrew his troops, and marching through the country of the Nantuates reached the land of the Allobroges, where he wintered.

The region joined the Roman Empire. In 47, Emperor Claudius founded Forum Claudii Augusti, later renamed Forum Claudii Vallensium to avoid confusion with another city that was dear to him. Octodurus was the principal town of the area until the displacement of the episcopal see to Sion in the 4th century. Pliny (iii. c. 20) says that the Octodurenses received the "Latinitas" ("Latio donati"). The town appears in the Antonine Itinerary and in the Tabula Peutingeriana. In the "Notit. Prov.", the place is called Civitas Vallensium Octodurus. At a later period it was called Forum Claudii Vallensium Octodurensium, as an inscription shows. One authority speaks of the remains of a Roman aqueduct at Martigny. Many coins, and other memorials of the Roman time, have been found about the place.

The name "Octodur" is Celtic. The second part of the name is "Dur", water. The first part, probably some corrupt form, is not explained. The town sat on the Roman road from Augusta Praetoria (modern Aosta) in Italy.

On 1 January 2021, Charrat became a part of Martigny.

The Romans left many ruins. The city is known for the amphitheatre, which was restored in 1978. Cow fights are held in the amphitheatre during early autumn for the "Comptoir". The city is also famous for its museum, the Pierre Gianadda Foundation, built on top of Roman ruins.

The area has some apricot orchards, and vines on steep slopes.



Mattertal

Mattertal is a valley in the Alps of Switzerland which begins on the side of the Matterhorn. The "Matterhorn" is one of the most famous mountains in the world because of its beauty, and because it is hard to climb. 

The "Mattertal" is a valley that was made by a glacier (a slowly-moving river of ice) moving down from the mountain. This can be seen from the deep U shape of the valley. (Valleys made by a fast-running stream are V-shaped). Because the sides of the valley are very steep, there are often landslides. One can be seen in the photo taken near Randa village. Many houses in the villages are called chalets. These can be seen in the picture of Täsch village.

In the Mattertal are villages which include Zermatt, Täsch, Randa, Grächen, and St. Niklaus. Many tourists like to stay in the villages to see the view, to go walking, skiing or mountain climbing. The traditional work of the people is dairy farming, but many people work in the tourist industry. 

Zermatt

Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is found to the north of the Matterhorn in the German-speaking and mostly Roman Catholic section of the canton, near the Italian border.

Zermatt has a local population of 5,500 people, but the actual population changes through the seasons as tourists come and go.

Zermatt is a famed ski resort and is a tourist destination. Until the mid-1800s, it was mostly a farming community; its name, as well as that of the Matterhorn itself, derives from the alpine meadows, or "matten", in the valley. In the German language, the town is "Zur Matte", or "in the meadow."

The town was "discovered" mid-century by British mountaineers, most notably Edward Whymper, whose conquest of the Matterhorn made the village famous worldwide.

Zermatt is a closed village, which means that non-Swiss nationals are not permitted to buy property within the area. May is the worst time to visit this city, as most of the streets are muddy.

Zermatt is a good place to start many hikes into the surrounding mountains, such as the Haute Route that ultimately leads to Chamonix in France. A complex of cable cars and chair lifts carry skiers in the winter and hikers in the summer; the highest of them leads to the Klein Matterhorn, a small outcropping on the ridge between Breithorn and Matterhorn that offers cool views in all directions. It is possible to cross into Italy via the Cervinia cable car station.

Any automobile that uses an engine is not allowed in Zermatt because of concerns for air pollution. Electric vehicles are allowed for local commerces. The Cantonal police allow some people to park in the northern section of this city. Some emergency vehicles (firetrucks, ambulance..) are also allowed to use combustion engines.

Most people reach Zermatt by train or cable car. Trains also leave for Zermatt from Visp and Brig.

Zermatt is well known throughout the world for its great skiing, especially Triftji for its moguls. The high altitude results in consistent skiing continuously up until the summer.
Skiing in Zermatt is split up into four distinct areas; Sunnegga, Gornegrat, Klein Matterhorn and Schwarzsee. There is also a connection to Cervinia and Valtournenche in Italy. 
Trail Map.


Ajax the Lesser

Ajax the Lesser (Ancient Greek: Αἴας) was a Greek hero from the Trojan War, who was the son of Oïleus.


Post-nominal letters

Post-nominal letters are letters after a person's name. They are used most in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms to show that the person has a certain:

Academic degrees (qualifications from a university) can also be shown as postnominal letters, as can military awards (medals and decorations)

Corvidae

The Corvidae are the crow family. They are all passerines, but unusually they do not have musical voices. They are intelligent. 

There are over 120 species in the family. The word 'crow' is also used to describe birds in the genus "Corvus". This genus includes the crows, jackdaws and ravens.

Crows are found on every continent except for the southern area of South America and Antarctica. Most crows are found in South America, Central America, Europe and Asia. There are 10 species each in Africa, Australia and North America.

A group of crows is called a "murder" and, indeed, they are distinctly carnivorous.

Most members of the crow family are black, such as crows, rooks, choughs, ravens and jackdaws. However, not all crows are black. Magpies and treepies can be black and white, or blue and green, or brown. Jays are often blue and white.

Crows are some of the most intelligent birds in the world. Crows and rooks are good at using tools, for example sticks or twigs. Magpies can see themselves in a mirror and they understand that it is a reflection. Many crows live near to humans in towns and cities. Some crows (such as treepies) live in forests. They are more shy than the crows that live in cities.

Some crows in North America, Europe and northern Asia migrate. This means they travel to different places in summer or winter. Most crows are resident birds. This means they live in the same place all year round.

Many crows live in large groups. For example, many rooks nest together in large groups at the top of trees. This is called a rookery. Crows in big groups are often noisy. However, when it is the breeding season (this means when birds nest and have babies), crows can become angry and will scare off other crows.

Crows eat a variety of food. They will eat fledglings (baby birds) and eggs from nests, small animals (mice and rats), carrion (dead animals), vegetables and garbage. for much of the year, crows and rooks dig into grassland with their strong beaks, and eat various kinds of insect grubs and worms. Because they may attack the nest of other birds, crows may get mobbed by other species. This is when the defending birds group together to chase off the crow. Also, on farms, crows will eat vegetables and seeds. Farmers do not want this to happen so they make a scarecrow. This is an object made of straw and old clothes. It looks like a man and it may scare the crows away.

Crows make their nests in tall trees. They make the nest from large sticks. They usually lay 3–8 eggs. Both parents look after the fledglings.

The family includes:

Visp

Visp is the capital city of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It has a population of about 7,000 people. The two valleys are Mattertal and Saastal. It borders Brig-Glis.

Most of the people speak German.
It has a chemical business named LONZA AG. There are also several smaller businesses.

In 2007, Visp will become a junction of the Neue Eisenbahn-Alpentransversale or NEAT, connecting with many other rail-lines.

The bus and the train station of Visp and Brig is the starting point for many outdoor activities, trips, and tours in the surrounding mountain resorts of Zermatt and Saas-Fee.


Saint-Maurice, Switzerland

Saint-Maurice is the capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Mex (VS) merged into the municipality of Saint-Maurice.

It is the site of the Roman outpost of Agaunum and the old Abby of Saint-Maurice, which has become a famous high school in Switzerland ("Collège de Saint-Maurice").

It is not St. Moritz, a ski resort in the east part of Switzerland.


Conthey

Conthey is the capital of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Entremont District

Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It has the following cities:


Santeri Palin

Santeri Palin (also known as Incánus) (born September 15, 1983, Nokia, Finland.) is a Finnish poet who writes poems in Finnish and English. His first book "Elämän kolmio kuoleman syklissä – ajatuksia reunalta" ("The Triangle of Life in the Cycle of Death – Thoughts from the Edge") came out in 2006.

Palin is a fan of J. R. R. Tolkien and currently he is the president of "Kontu Internet Community" (or "Verkkoyhteisö Kontu ry" in Finnish) and the vice president of the "Finnish Tolkien Society", which are Finnish Tolkien related communities.


Sembrancher

Sembrancher is the capital of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

A small scenic village of around 500 residents in the Bagnes Valley, it is close to the Verbier ski resort.

Münster-Geschinen

Münster-Geschinen is the capital city of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Münster and Geschinen merged into the new municipality of Münster-Geschinen and On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Münster-Geschinen, Blitzingen, Grafschaft, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Goms.

Microbiotheria

Microbiotheria are a small order of marsupial mammals with only one living species, the Monito del Monte (Spanish for 'little mountain monkey').

It is the only New World representative of the superorder Australidelphia; all other New World marsupials are part of the Ameridelphia.

The species is nocturnal and arboreal, and lives in thickets of Chilean bamboo in the temperate rain forests of the southern Andes. It eats mainly insects and other small invertebrates, supplemented with fruit.

At one time, they were placed in the order Didelphimorphia, the opossums, but due to many morphological differences, they were placed in another order. The skull's shape is strange, with many technical differences from the opossums.

It has long been suspected that South American marsupials were ancestral to those of Australia. The two continents were connected via Antarctica in the early Cainozoic era.

Australia’s earliest known marsupial is "Djarthia", a primitive mouse-like animal that lived about 55 million years ago. "Djarthia" had been identified as the earliest known australidelphian, and this research suggested that the Monito del Monte was the last of a clade which included "Djarthia".

In 2010, analysis of retrotransposon insertion sites in the nuclear DNA of marsupials confirmed the placement of the Monito del Monte in Australidelphia. It also showed its position as the most basal of that superorder.

The study also confirmed that the most basal of all marsupial orders are the other two South American lineages (Didelphimorphia and Paucituberculata, with the former probably branching first). This indicates that Australidelphia arose in South America (with the ancestors of all other living marsupials), and probably reached Australia in a single dispersal event after Microbiotheria split off (originated).

Dasyuromorphia

Dasyuromorphia are fair-sized order of some of the more unusual carnivorous or insectivorous marsupials. They vary in appearance, from rodent-like to shrew-like to cat-like to dog-like. This order includes the ever-famous Tasmanian devil. In this order, most of the marsupials have a pouch on the belly. However, some of the broad-footed marsupial mice have only folds of skin instead of true pouches, and the numbat lacks a pouch entirely. There are 63 species in 3 families, although one of the families is probably extinct:


Goat Rock Beach

Goat Rock Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, United States.
It is part of the Sonoma Coast State Beach, which is owned by the State of California. The mouth of the Russian River is in the northern part of the beach. Goat Rock is in the southern part of the beach. The beach itself was named after the rock. The naming of Goat Rock is unknown, but many sources say some goat herders around the early 20th century used the grassy, flat rock for goats, because few other animals could live there.

Goat Rock Beach has many visitors. It usually has the most people in the middle of summer. The beach is a popular spot for swimming and surfing. It is home to seagulls, harbor seals, and sea lions, as well as other animals from the Pacific Ocean.

The oldest natural history of the area is related to marks made by mammals in an area of rock about one third of a mile south of Goat Rock Beach. In uplifted sea stack formations, there are rubbing marks about two to four meters above the ground surface, too high of a rubbing mark for modern bovids. Mammoths are thought to have traveled here as recently as 40,000 years ago, and are thought to have made these rubbing marks. Mammoth fossils have been found at Bodega Head, which is a few miles south of Goat Rock Beach.

The earliest known humans to settle at Goat Rock Beach were the Native American Coast Miwok and Pomo tribes. During the mid-1800s, Mexican ranchers lived in California, and Goat Rock Beach was part of a Mexican land grant called the "Bodega Rancho". The Russians are thought to have begun cutting down the forests just north of the beach in the early 19th century.

The Russian River, which has its mouth at the north end of Goat Rock Beach, is Sonoma County's biggest watercourse and river. Just north of the Russian River mouth is the small town of Jenner, and the beach, Jenner Beach. Goat Rock is at the south end of the beach. Visitors can walk onto Goat Rock, going on a small "isthmus", which is also known as a land bridge. Blind Beach is just south of Goat Rock Beach, with only Goat Rock between the two beaches, and Goat Beach is southwest of it.

Goat Rock Beach has much marine erosion and erosion from the wind. This causes about one to three feet of land mass lost each year. "Erosion" is when water and wind remove the top layer of rock or mud. During big storms, there can be even more erosion. 

The "sea stacks" (eroded parts of rock) along the Goat Rock Beach coast are rocks from the Franciscan Complex, rock formations which were made during earthquakes in California. About 200 years to 30 million years ago, the North American Plate collided with the Farallon Plate, causing earthquakes. Different rock types came from these collisions, including pillow basalt, chert, and sandstone. Goat Rock has a flat topped sea stack, made of greywacke. The rock "formations" (groups) are made of sandstone with layers of quartz.



Sea lion

Sea lions are several pinnipeds from the family Otariidae (eared seals). They live all around the world, except in the Atlantic Ocean.

Male sea lions have thick fur around the face and neck, which sometimes looks like a lion's mane. That's how they got the name "sea lion". Some, like the Steller sea lion, can actually roar! Of course, these pinnipeds are not really lions at all, but they are mammals. Like lions, they have fur, breathe air, give birth to live young, and feed milk to their young. They also eat meat, though sea lions eat the meat of fishes, squids, and sea birds instead of land animals. Sea lions are also fierce fighters, just like lions.

The pinniped species called "sea lion" are: 

Greywacke

Greywacke is a type of sandstone. It is hard, and dark in color. It has different sized grains of quartz, feldspar, and small rock fragments set in a compact, fine clay matrix. It is mostly found in Palaeozoic strata. The larger grains can be sand-to-gravel-sized, and matrix materials make up more than 15% of the rock by volume. 

The origin of greywacke was a problem. Gravel, sand and mud should not be laid down together, because river outflow drops heavier grains first. Now geologists think greywacke is formed by submarine avalanches or strong turbidity currents. These actions churn sediment and cause mixed-sediment slurries to occur. When this happens, the resulting rocks show various sedimentary features. Support for the turbidity current origin is the fact that deposits of greywacke are found on the edges of the continental shelves, at the bottoms of oceanic trenches, and at the bases of mountain formational areas. It also occurs in association with black shales of deep sea origin.

Carmina Burana

Carmina Burana is the name given to a collection of texts from the 11th and 12th century. There are over 240 texts in the collection, most of them written in Latin, some in Middle High German. Most of the texts are moral or satirical in nature. There are also texts about spring, or about love. Some of them are drinking songs, some of them were used as Minnesang. Some of the songs contain hints for the melodies. For some, the melodies can be reconstructed.

The texts were written down around 1230. This happened either in an abbey in Styria, or near Brixen. They were discovered by Johann Christoph von Aretin in Benediktbeuern Abbey in 1803. Today, they are in the Bavarian State Library in Munich. There they can be found there as Codex Buranus, with the signature clm 4660/4660a.

Johann Andreas Schmeller edited them and published them as "Carmina Burana – Lieder aus Benediktbeuern". 

Carl Orff took 24 of them as "Carmina Burana". He wrote the music for them. The work was first performed in 1937 in the Opera house in Frankfurt am Main. Together with his works "Catulli Carmina" and "Trionfo di Afrodite" he made a work containing all three, called "Trionfi". Trionfi is performed much less than the Carmina Burana alone, though.



Vex, Switzerland

Vex is the capital city of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Dasyuridae

Dasyuridae is a family of marsupial carnivores. It has nearly all non-extinct members of the order "Dasyuromorphia". This means the quolls, phascogales, antechinuses, dunnarts, planigales, and Tasmanian devil (about 55 species in all).


Mohammed Zahir Shah

Mohammed Zahir Shah (16 October 1914 – 23 July 2007) was the last King ("Shah") of Afghanistan. He ruled for four decades, from 1933 to 1973.

Mohammed Zahir Shah became king of Afghanistan at the age of nineteen after the assassination of his father in November 1933. Since he was so young, his uncle, "Shah Mahmood Khan" ran the government. Mohammed Zahir Shah took control and was able to keep Afghanistan’s neutral position in international politics.

In July 17, 1973, Mohammed Zahir Shah was no longer king after a bloodless coup. He died on .

Thurgau

Thurgau is a northeast canton of Switzerland. The population is 228,200 (2003). The capital is Frauenfeld.

To the north of Thurgau is Lake Constance, across which are Germany and Austria. The river Rhine makes the border in the northwest. To the south is the Canton of St. Gallen; to the west are the cantons of Zürich and Schaffhausen.

The area of the canton is 991 km and is usually divided into three hilly areas. One of these is along Lake Constance to the north. Another is inland between the rivers Thur and Murg. The third one makes the southern border of the canton and comes together with the Hörnli mountain in the pre-Alps.

In prehistoric times the lands of the canton were inhabited by people of the Pfyn culture along the lake. During Roman times the canton was part of the province "Raetia" until in 450 the lands were settled by the Alamanni. It was only in the 8th century that the canton became a political unit similar to what it is known today, as a Gau of the Frankish Empire. At the time, however, the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently. Overall, the size of the Thurgau was larger, but during the Middle Ages the canton became smaller in size. The dukes of Zähringen and the counts of Kyburg took over much of the land.
The town of Zürich was part of the Thurgau until it became "reichsunmittelbar" in 1218. When the Kyburg dynasty became extinct in 1264 the Habsburgs took over that land. The Swiss confederation allied with ten freed bailiwicks of the former Toggenburg seized the lands of the Thurgau from the Habsburgs in 1460, and it became subject territory of Zürich.

In 1798 the land became a canton for the first time as part of the Helvetic Republic. In 1803 the canton of Thurgau became a member of the Swiss confederation. The current cantonal constitution dates from 1987.

The canton of Thurgau is known for farm produce such as apples, pears, and other fruits and vegetables. The many orchards in the canton are used for the making of cider. Wine is produced in the Thur valley.

There is also industry in the canton of Thurgau. The main industries are printing, clothing and arts and crafts. Small and middle-sized businesses are important for the economy. Many of these are concentrated around the capital.

The population is mostly German speaking. Most of the population are Protestants with the rest being Roman Catholics.

The Canton of Thurgau is divided into eight districts, and each is named after its capital:


There are 80 municipalities in the canton (as of April 2004):


Graubünden

The Grisons or Graubünden, more formally the canton of the Grisons or the canton of Graubünden, is the biggest and is farthest to the east of the cantons of Switzerland. The name means "Gray Union" in German and the canton lies entirely in the Alps. In Switzerland it hosts the biggest number of tourists each year.

The area of the canton is 7,105 km². Only one third of this land is used for farming. Forests cover 20% of the total area. The canton has many mountains that make up the highlands of the Rhine and Inn river valleys. Many of its scenic areas are part of the Swiss National Park or the Ela Nature Park.

There are many important peaks in the Grison Alps, including the Tödi at 3,614 meters and the highest peak Piz Bernina at 4,049 meters. Many of the mountain ranges feature huge glaciers, such as at the Adula, the Albula, the Silvretta, the Bernina, the Bregaglia and the Rätikon ranges. The mountain ranges in the central area contain many of the deepest vallies in Switzerland.

The canton borders Liechtenstein to the north, Austria to the north and the east, Italy to the south, and the cantons of St. Gallen to the northwest; Glarus and the canton of Uri to the west, and Ticino to the southwest. The capital city is Chur. Davos and St. Moritz are world-famous resorts and can be found in this area.

Most of the lands of the canton were once part of a Roman province called "Raetia" that was established in 15 BC. The area later was part of the lands of the diocese at Chur.

In 1367 the League of God's House was founded against the power of the Bishop of Chur. This was followed by the making of the Grey League, sometimes called "Oberbund", in 1395 in the Upper Rhine valley. The name "Grey League" is derived from the homespun grey clothes worn by the people. The name of this league later gave its name to the canton of Graubünden.

The first step towards the naming of the canton into Graubünden was when the league of the Ten Jurisdictions allied with the League of God's House in 1450. In 1471, the two leagues aligned with the Grey League. This meant that the leagues allied with the Swiss Confederation. The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach, helping the Swiss confederation and the allied leagues of the canton of Grisons to be recognized.

The last traces of the bishop of Chur's jurisdiction were abolished in 1526. The Musso war of the 1520 drove the Three Leagues closer to the Swiss Confederacy. The lands of the canton of Graubünden were part of the Helvetic Republic, but the "perpetual ally" of Switzerland became a canton in 1803. The constitution of the canton dates from 1892.

The arms of the three original leagues are now all part of the coat of arms of the canton.

Private cars were only allowed in the canton of Graubünden after several votings in 1926.

The Graubünden are known for a dried-beef delicacy called Bündnerfleisch and for a nut and honey pie known as Bündner Nusstorte. Another specialty, made mostly in the western part of Grison, is Capuns, a filling meal of pasta and a little bit of meat, rolled into Chard leaves, eventually baked like a gratin with cheese.

Agriculture and tourism make up most of the canton's economy. Agriculture combines forests and mountain pasturage in summer, mostly beef but also sheep and goats. Tourism is all around the canton, mainly around the towns of Davos/Arosa, Flims and St. Moritz/Pontresina, which are important in both winter and summer. There are many other resorts people visiting the country can go to in the canton.

There is wine production around the capital Chur. Chur is also the center of industry. In the southern valleys of Mesolcina/Misox and Poschiavo there is corn (maize) and chestnut farming.

The languages spoken in Graubünden are German in the northwest, Romansh in the Engadin and around Disentis/Mustér), and Standard Italian in the valleys Mesolcina/Misox, Calanca, Val Bregaglia, and Poschiavo.

The main religions are Protestantism and Catholicism. Both are well-represented in the canton, with Roman Catholics forming a slight majority.

Graubünden is divided into 11 districts:

There are 209 municipalities in Graubünden (as of April 2004):


Nidwalden

Nidwalden is a canton of Switzerland. It is in the center of Switzerland. The population is 38,600 (in 2001). The capital is Stans.

Nidwalden is in the center of Switzerland. To the north is Lake Lucerne. Mountain ranges block in the rest of the canton on the other sides.

In 1291 the people of Nidwalden joined Uri and Schwyz to form an alliance. At the time there was no state, but towards the end of the 14th century early forms of government were established. This included institutionalized assemblies and courts. In the 14th and 15th century the people of Nidwalden joined the people of Obwalden to discuss important matters, but the two cantons were never really one. For example, Obwalden did not participate in the annexation of Bellinzona, Riviera and Blenio areas (today in the canton of Ticino).

Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as mercenary soldiers. Many of these soldiers later emigrated. This helped to lessen the pressure of a growing population. A popular destination was the Alsace. After rejecting a new constitution by Napoleon — the ideas of the French Revolution were not popular in this agricultural area — Nidwalden was attacked by French troops on 9 September 1798. Random destruction was caused and at least 400 people were killed. After the end of Napoleon's rule in 1814 most of the changes were reverted. Only in 1877 did Nidwalden introduce a new constitution. The open assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was abolished in 1997.
The government is composed of seven members. The local parliament has 60 seats. Nidwalden sends only one deputy to the Swiss Council of States.

Up to the 1900s, Nidwalden was mostly agriculture. Cattle and cheese were exported mainly to northern Italy. 

From the middle of the 19th century onwards, trade, industry and tourism grew. Today, many small and middle-sized businesses fill the economy. The largest employer is the airplane constructor Pilatus. The small and middle-sized businesses work in a lot of areas. Many work in machine construction, medical equipment, international trade, optics and electronics.

Forestry and agriculture are still important. Most farming is done with cattle and dairy products. Family farms are still common in Nidwalden today.

Nidwalden is becoming an increasingly popular place to live and work. This is caused by its low taxes, its central location between Zürich and Milan, and the pretty countryside.

Because of the mountainous geography, tourism is important to Nidwalden. The lake and mountains attract many tourists around the year.

Many local charities have kept local traditions intact. There is traditional music, yodeling, dances, theaters and festivals. There are a number of modern cultural events, such as concerts and galleries.

There are eleven municipalities: 


Schaffhausen

Schaffhausen is a town in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name. It has a population of about 36,000 as 2016.

The old portion of the town has many fine Renaissance era buildings decorated with exterior frescos and sculpture, as well as the impressive old canton fortress, the "Munot". A train runs out of town to the nearby Rhine Falls in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Europe's largest waterfall, a tourist attraction.

Schaffhausen was a city state in the Middle Ages, documented to have struck its own coins starting in 1045. For a time it was under Habsburg domination, but regained its independence in 1415. It allied itself with Zürich in 1457, and became a full member of the Swiss Confederation in 1501. The first railroad came to Schaffhausen in 1857.

Schaffhausen is in a finger of Swiss land surrounded on three sides by Germany. On April 1, 1944, Schaffhausen suffered a bombing raid by United States Army Air Forces aircraft which strayed from German airspace into neutral Switzerland. While the United States immediately offered four million dollars in reparations, the raid occurred only a month after the Swiss Air Force had shot down an American bomber.

In 1947 it merged with the former municipality of Buchthalen. In 1964 it merged with the former municipality of Herblingen. Since 2009, Hemmental has been part of the town.

Schaffhausen has some well-known industrial companies (Georg Fischer) in piping systems, machine tools and automotives, one internationally-reputed watches manufacturer (IWC), and drug industry (Cilag, founded by Bernhard Joos).


Obwalden

Obwalden is a canton of Switzerland. It is in the centre of Switzerland. As of 2004, 33,300 people lived there. Its capital is Sarnen.

Lakes in the canton include: parts of Lake Lucerne, Lake Sarnen, Lungerersee, Wichelsee, Tannensee and Melchsee.

There are seven municipalities: Sarnen, Kerns, Sachseln, Alpnach, Giswil, Lungern and Engelberg.


Canton of Jura

The canton of Jura is one of the Cantons of Switzerland. It is the newest of the 26 Swiss cantons and is in the northwestern part of Switzerland. It was created in 1979 from some of the French-speaking parts of the Canton of Bern. The capital is Delémont. It borders the cantons of Basel-Landschaft, Solothurn, Bern and Neuchâtel and the French department of Jura.

It includes parts of the Jura mountains in the south and the Jura plateau in the north. The Jura plateau is hilly and almost entirely limestone.

To the north and the west of Jura is France. The canton of Solothurn and Basel-Landschaft are east of Jura, while the canton of Bern is south of Jura. The River Doubs and the river Birs drain the lands.

The king of Burgundy donated much of the land that today makes up Canton Jura to the Bishop of Basel in 999. The area was a sovereign state within the Holy Roman Empire for more than 800 years. After the Treaty of Westphalia in 1648 the Jura had close ties with the Swiss Confederation. In the Congress of Vienna the Jura was given to the Canton Bern. This act caused dissension. The Jura was French-speaking and Roman Catholic, whereas the canton of Bern was mostly German-speaking and Protestant. The people of the Jura region called for independence. After a long struggle, a constitution was accepted in 1977. In 1978 the split was made official when the Swiss people voted in favour of it, and in 1979 the Jura joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member. However, the southern part of the Jura region, which is also predominantly French-speaking but has a Protestant majority, opted not to join the newly formed canton, and instead remained part of Bern. This area is now known as Bernese Jura. The word Jura, therefore, may refer either to Canton Jura, or to the combined territory of Canton Jura and Bernese Jura.

On creation, the canton adopted the title Republic and Canton of the Jura. Other cantons in Switzerland using the title "Republic and Canton" are Ticino, Canton Geneva, and Canton Neuchâtel. In each case the title asserts the autonomy of the canton and its nominal sovereignty within the Swiss Confederation.

Agriculture is important in Canton Jura. Cattle breeding is significant and there is also horse breeding. The main industries are watches, clothing and tobacco. There are a growing number of small and middle-sized businesses.

The people are almost all French-speaking. The majority is Roman Catholic.

Jura is divided into 3 districts:


This is a list of the canton's 83 municipalities by district.




French Community

The French Community () was the body which replaced the French Union in 1958. Under the 1958 Constitution, member territories, former French colonies, had a lot of independence, but France controlled the currency, defence, foreign affairs and national security.

When the Community was established, French President de Gaulle said that any country in the French Community could move to complete independence. Apart from Guinea, which chose by referendum in 1958 not to join the Community, all French-ruled territories in sub-Saharan Africa joined the French Community. They obtained independence in 1960.



Usury

Usury is lending money for interest. Nowadays it usually means lending at a high, often extortionate rate of interest on a loan.

Usury is illegal in many parts of the world. In muslim countries charging any interest at all is strictly illegal.

Some people argue that this is against the Old Testament, especially Exodus and Deuteronomy which states that those who lend to someone in need will be blessed, but the point about usury is the high levels of interest, not the act of lending in itself.

Aristotle also condemned usury as "contrary to nature" in his book on Politics, because it increases by itself and makes money without labour.

John Bates

John Lewis Bates (September 18, 1859–June 8, 1946) was born in Massachusetts.

He was a Republican, and was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1894 to 1899; from 1897 to 1899 he was Speaker of the House. From 1900 to 1903 he was Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts.

In 1902, Bates was elected Governor, holding office from 1903 to 1905. Bates then retired to his private law practice in Boston. From 1917 to 1919 Bates was a delegate to the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.

Bates was a member of the American Bar Association, the Freemasons, the Odd Fellows, and Beta Theta Pi.


Acoustic music

Acoustic music is music which is played by using acoustic musical instruments, i.e. instruments in which the sound is not made louder by electronic amplification. Before electronic musical instruments were created in the 20th century all instruments were acoustic.

Classical music is usually played using only acoustic musical instruments, although some 20th-century composers such as Karlheinz Stockhausen used electronic instruments, sometimes together with acoustic instruments.

Mandolin

The mandolin is a musical instrument, which literally means, a small soprano member of the lute family. It is played by hitting its strings and sounds similar in tone of a violin or a hammered dulcimer. The most common type of mandolin, which was first designed in Naples, has eight strings. It has a body made of wood and a fingerboard which has frets.

Bluegrass music

Bluegrass music is a form of American roots music. It has its own roots in Irish, Scottish and English traditional music. It is usually played using acoustic musical instruments, and electronic musical instruments are rarely used in bluegrass music. Traditional instruments used include the banjo, mandolin, fiddle, guitar and bass. Other instruments such as the dobro are also used.

There are many accomplished bluegrass artists including Bela Fleck, Tony Rice, Alison Krauss, Laurie Lewis, Sam Bush, Bill Monroe, and Earl Scruggs. There are many organizations devoted to this music such as the International Bluegrass Music Association (IBMA).

Many festivals are held around the country where professionals perform, amateurs gather to play, and workshops are given.

Billboard charts

"Billboard" charts are charts published by "Billboard" magazine. They have information about the popularity of music songs, bands and singers. The Billboard Hot 100 is the most popular chart. It appears every week in the United States. It uses information from radio play and sales to say the most popular song each week.

Leuk

Leuk (French Loèche) is a municipality of Switzerland and is the capital city of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Since it controls access to the Gemmipass, it had some importance from the time of Roman Raetia. The Leukerbad hot baths are just North of Leuk, towards the pass.

Loèche houses the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Erschmatt merged into the municipality of Leuk.


Raron

Raron is the capital city of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Goms District

Goms is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It includes the following municipalities:


Shavo Odadjian

Shavo Odadjian () (born April 22 1974, Yerevan, Armenia as Shavarsh Odadjian) is the bassist for the Armenian American-based alternative metal band, System of a Down. He also scored summer blockbuster hit, "Babylon, A.D." alongside with The Rza and Hans Zimmer. He is a multi-instrumentalist, painter, DJ, and director.

In his youth, Shavo used to spend his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music. He started managing the band "Soil" with Malakian and Tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio. In 1995, Shavo became the permanent bassist of the band. They then named themselves "System of a Down" after a poem titled "Victims of a Down" authored by bandmate Daron Malakian.

Odadjian is a popular DJ in the LA area met by "Dj Tatic", taking part in such events as the "Rock/DJ Explosion" on March 2 2001 at The Roxy in Hollywood and collaborating with bandmate Tankian on SerArt, the singer's side project with Armenian musician Arto Tunçboyacıyan.





Aspartame

Aspartame (also known as E951 or NutraSweet) is an artificial sweetener. It was discovered in 1965 by James M. Schlatter. It can be used to replace some kinds of sugar. It is not based on sugars. It is not like saccharin. 


Saccharin

Saccharin is the oldest artificial sweetener that exists. It can be used to replace certain kinds of sugar. It was discovered in 1878 by Constantin Fahlberg. It is also known as E954.

Saccharin has no calories and no nutritional value. It is safe to take for people with diabetes.

Isomalt

Isomalt is a natural substitute for sugar. It is a kind of sugar alcohol. It is used mainly to replace sugar in some products, like bubble gum, candies,chocolate or ice cream. This makes it different from other artificial sweeteners. It is also known as E563.

Sloth

Sloths are Xenarthran mammals from Central and South America. They are part of the order Pilosa. There are two families of sloths: two-toed sloth and three-toed sloth. Most scientists call these two families the Folivora, while some call them the Phyllophaga. They live in trees, but in the past there were giant ground sloths.

The biogeographic origins of the Pilosa is still unclear, but they can be traced back in South America as far as the early Tertiary, about 60 million years ago. The presence of these animals in Central America is explained by the Great American Interchange.

Sloths are active at night and sleep curled up with their head placed between the arms and the feet drawn close together, or hanging upside down with the help of their hook- like claws. This disguises them as part of a tree so that its enemies like the jaguar do not see them. Sloths rarely climb down from the trees, and when they are on the ground they can only crawl awkwardly. However, when there is a forest flood, they are very good swimmers. Sloths can live for up to 30 years. They mostly just eat leaves and flowers, which take a very long time to digest. Sloths move slowly; their name comes from the word "slow".


Jura

Places named Jura include:


Rivers named Jura include:


Oberon (moon)

Oberon is the farthest big moon of the planet Uranus. It is made of about half ice and half rock.
With a mean radius of about 760 km, Oberon is the second biggest moon of Uranus's 27 moons. It orbits Uranus about every 13.4 days.

It was found on January 11, 1787 by William Herschel, in the same year he found Titania. It was named after a Oberon, King of the Fairies, a character in William Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream.

Oberon has several large impact craters where it has been hit by meteorites. These were photographed by the Voyager 2 spacecraft in 1986 as it flew passed. Scientists also believe there is a mountain that could be high on the moon.

Craters on Oberon are named after characters in the plays of William Shakespeare.


Delémont District

The district of Delémont is one of three districts in Jura, Switzerland. Its capital is the city of Delémont. The district is nearly all French-speaking and is home to a population of 35,175 (end of 2005).

Delémont is divided into 28 municipalities:

Xavier Rudd

Xavier Rudd (born 1978) is an Australian musician. He grew up in the small town of Torquay, Victoria, Australia. When Rudd was young, he learned to play the didgeridoo on a vacuum cleaner hose. 

Rudd is known for playing at music festivals and concerts in Australia and in North America. He has many fans in Australia, his home, as well as Canada, where he has recorded a few live albums. 

Some of his songs have political themes that deal with the father of 2 sons environment and the rights of Aboriginal Australians.

Rudd also describes himself as a full-time "barefooter", which means that he does not own any shoes or other footwear. Rudd is also a vegetarian.



Banjo

The banjo is a string instrument, that was first played by African slaves in the United States a few hundred years ago. The idea came from other African instruments. 
The name "banjo" may have come from a Kimbundu word: "mbanza", but it could have also come from a Senegambian word for the bamboo stick used for the banjo's neck.

The modern banjo comes in a variety of forms, including four- and five-string versions. A six-string version, tuned and played similarly to a guitar, has gained popularity. In almost all of its forms, banjo playing is characterized by a fast arpeggiated plucking, though many different playing styles exist.











Nicolás de Ovando

Nicolás de Ovando (Brozas, 1460 – Seville, 1511) was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a knight of the Order of Alcántara. He was governor of Hispaniola from 1502 until 1509. 
Nicolas de Ovando was born in 1460 in the town of Brozas, in Extremadura, Spain. His family was very religious and, when young, he joined the military religious "Order of Alcantara" where, in 1478, he was named "Comendador de Lares" ("Commander of Lares"), a very important position in the Order.

As "Commander of Lares", he was very appreciated by the Spanish Catholic Kings and, in particular, by Queen Isabella. On 3 September 1501 (Oviedo said in 1502), he was named as Governor of Hispaniola and of all lands discovered in America.

On 13 February, 1502 he went out of the port of Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Spain to go to the Hispaniola island with a fleet of 32 ships. On the fleet, there were 2,500 people, including priests, soldiers and colonists (some of them with their families), who were going to live in the Hispaniola. Among those colonists was Bartolomé de las Casas, later known as the "Protector of the Indians", and also Francisco Pizarro, who conquered the Inca Empire.

The plan of Ovando was to develop the West Indies economically and expand the Spanish influence in the region.

Ovando got in Santo Domingo on 15 April 1502.

The administration of Ovando in Hispaniola was one of great cruelty toward the Taíno Indians. When the Spaniards came to the island in 1492, the native population was 400,000 (estimated) but in 1508 there were only 60,000 Indians.

Because the new colonists needed more workers for the gold mines and farms, they brought, as slaves, Indians from the "Lucayas" (now, the Bahamas) islands. Then they brought slaves from Spain ("Ladinos", that is, of Africa origin but born in Spain); those were the first African slaves brought to America.

Ovando founded several cities (or ordered their foundations) on Hispaniola, among them: Compostela de Azua (or Azua de Compostela), Santa María de la Vera Paz, Bayajá (today, Fort Liberté, in Haiti), Salvatierra de la Sabana (today, Les Cayes, in Haiti), Salvaleón de Higüey, Cotuí, Puerto Plata, Santa Cruz de Hicayagua (today, Santa Cruz del Seibo, Dominican Republic).

Ovando sent Andrés Morales to explore completely the Hispaniola island. Morales made the most complete map of the island. Sebastián de Ocampo was sent to find out if Cuba was an island or part of the continent; after 8 or 10 months, Ocampo came back with the information that Cuba was an island. In 1508, Juan Ponce de León was sent with 50 men to conquer the island of San Juan (now the island of Puerto Rico).

In 1509, Ovando went back to Spain where he was made "Comendador Mayor" ("Head Commander") of the Order of Alcantara. During a meeting of the Order in Seville, Spain, he died on 29 May 1511 (Oviedo said in 1518). He was buried in the Church of San Benito, in the city of Alcántara, Extremadura, Spain.

Abelsonite

Abelsonite (nickel porphyrin) is a mineral that can be pinkish-brown, purple, or reddish-brown in color and is formed from porphyrin crystals. It is platy (made in plates like mica) and fragile. 

Porphyrins are organic ring compounds like haeme, the pigment in red blood cells.

It is found in the Green River Formation of Utah, in the United States.

Abenakiite-(Ce)

Abenakiite-(Ce) is a pale brown mineral and made from crystals. It was named for the Abenaki Indian Tribe, the people that lived in the area where this mineral was found. It is somewhat radioactive and it is easily scratched with fluorite. It was found in a quarry in Canada.

Abernathyite

Abernathyite is a pale, yellow-colored mineral that forms crystals. It was named for Jess Abernathy, the person who found the first samples of this mineral. It is found in a mine in Emery County, in the United States. It is highly radioactive.

Abhurite

Abhurite is a colorless crystalline mineral that forms on ship-wrecked tin ingots (nuggets). It is named for where it is found. It is found in a cove in the Red Sea. It is not radioactive.

Animal Liberation Orchestra

Animal Liberation Orchestra (also known as ALO) is an American rock and jam band from Southern California. They first formed several years ago as a group calling themselves Django. Over the years, they changed their name to Animal Liberation Orchestra and were signed to Jack Johnson's record label Brushfire Records.


Leftover Salmon

Leftover Salmon is an American Rock and jam band from Boulder, Colorado.



Internet meme

An internet meme is something famous on the internet such as an image, a video, or even a person. Internet memes are usually created when someone publishes something and that thing is shared widely over the Internet. They sometimes consist of an image with top and bottom text. While spreading over the internet, most internet memes 'evolve' over time, with the original image/video being changed in one way or another by people other than the creator. Every internet meme evolves and has many variants. See: Memes Billy

Two other versions of Internet memes are ""dank memes"" and ""dead memes"". Dank memes are thought of as relevant and funny. Dead memes are thought of as old and forgotten, most of which haven't been used in months or years. Dead memes, however, can become dank memes if are posted after a long time and everyone forgot about it. 

Some websites where internet memes can be shared include Reddit, 4chan, 9gag, and IFunny. A popular chatting service where internet memes can be shared is Discord, an instant messaging and communication platform. Memes on Discord are shared through images, videos, and GIFs, although these methods aren't only limited to Discord.

There are many different types of internet memes. They include the following types.

A normi meme is a meme that uses intentionally bad, unfunny, or low-quality content to joke about said content. Some parodies could also be called normi memes, but those are another thing entirely.

A dank meme is a meme that makes no sense, similar to a normie meme. Dank memes, however, are usually very strange, involving seemingly random concepts that have been established in internet culture.

Some dank memes can be offensive like the troll meme and forever alone memes while other dank memes are not.

A shock meme is a meme that is either racist, sexist, or offensive to a race of people. These memes often include societal status, videos where random jump scares and/or loud noises suddenly happen, hobbies, or anything at all.

An example of shock memes are memes involving suicide, or being intended in general, to disgust its viewers. When searching for "suicide memes" on Google, the first results will be suicide hotlines. The search engine is assuming the person searching was contemplating suicide, when in fact they were just searching for memes.

A shock meme can also be referencing shock videos or shock sites in an attempt to get the viewer to look it up and view the video or go on the website.

A video meme is a meme spread through video sharing sites such as YouTube, Vimeo, and Twitch. Short videos can also be shared on social media services that support video, such as TikTok, Reddit, and Facebook.

A TikTok slideshow meme is a meme spread through TikToks. A TikTok user simply puts images of literally anything possible and the audience would find it funny, to top it off they add goofy audios under the slideshow, most popular ones would be the “Don Pollo” audios, the guy who says “we we we we”.


Morris Gleitzman

Morris Gleitzman (born 9 January 1953 in England) is one of Australia's most successful children's writers. Morris Gleitzman began writing as a screenwriter and enjoyed success writing for the Norman Gunston Show on Australian television. He has also written for the Governor-General of Australia and Rolf Harris.

Morris Gleitzman has had much success with his children's stories. They have been published in 14 countries around the world including the United States, United Kingdom, France and Australia. Some of his most successful books include "Misery Guts", "Worry Warts", "Blabber Mouth", "Belly Flop" and "Puppy Fat". He was born in England, on 9 January 1953. 

He had dropped out of school by the age of 16 to live "the hippie dream" and by the time he had moved to Australia was writing many short stories that would later become a reality and turn his small life into a big meaningful life.

His most successful book is "Two Weeks With the Queen".



Coaxial cable

A Coaxial cable is a special electrical cable. It is used to transmit signals. The cable is specially insulated. This makes it quite stiff. Today, coaxial cables are used for things like Cable TV. Coaxial cables can also be used for computer networks, but this became rare in the 21st century, as twisted pair cables can be used more easily. 

Such cables are usually made of a conducting wire. Then there is some insulation, then there is another layer of conducting material. Finally there is the (insulating) mantle. Such cables are used as a high-frequency transmission line to carry a high-frequency or broadband signal. Because the electromagnetic field carrying the signal exists (ideally) only in the space between the inner and outer conductors, it cannot interfere with or suffer interference from external electromagnetic fields.

There are different types of coaxial cables, which satisfy different standards.



Abswurmbachite

Abswurmbachite is a black or dark brown metallic mineral. It is named after Irmgard Abs-Wurmbach, who is a German mineralogist. It is found in Mili, Avia or Andros Island, Greece. It is not radioactive.


Acanthite

Acanthite is a mineral that can be lead gray, gray, or coal in color and is made from crystals. Its name comes from the Greek word, akanta, meaning "arrow", or the Latin word "argentum", meaning "silver". It is made of silver(I) sulfide.

It is found in Freiberg, Schneeberg, and Annaberg, Germany. Acanthite is not radioactive.

Seven Lucky Gods

The , commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English, refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore. They are often the subject of netsuke carvings.

Each has a traditional characteristic:

Many figures in Japanese myth were transmitted from China (some having entered China from India), including all of the Seven Lucky Gods except Ebisu. Another god, Kichijōten, goddess of happiness, is sometimes found depicted along with the seven traditional gods, replacing Jurōjin. 

The seven gods are often pictured on their ship, the Takarabune (宝船), or "Treasure Ship." The tradition says that the seven gods will arrive in town on the New Year and distribute fantastic gifts to worthy people. Children often receive red envelopes bearing the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year. The Takarabune and its passengers are often shown in art in different locations, from the walls of museums to cuddly caricatures.



Acetamide

Acetamide is a mineral that is either colorless or gray in color, and is made of a crystalline crust on black shale. It is named for acetic acid and ammonia. It can be found in Russia and is not radioactive.

17 (number)

Seventeen is a number. It comes between sixteen and eighteen, and is an odd number. It is also the 7th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13. In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number.

In Roman numerals, 17 is written as XVII.

Pectin

Pectin is a food supplement. It is a source of dietary fiber. It is used to make jellies and jams. Usually it comes in the form of a white powder. It is made from parts of fruit, like oranges. People use pectin to thicken things, like jelly and jam. 

It is also seen as a large polysaccharide molecule found in the cell wall of many cells.
Pectobacterium carotovorum

Pectobacterium carotovorum (syn "Erwinia carotovora") is a rod-shaped bacterium originally isolated from carrots. It is a plant pathogen and opportunistic human pathogen, causative agent of soft rot and blackleg potato ("P. atrosepticum") diseases.




Burger

Burger may refer to the following:

Jesus with erection

Jesus with erection is a picture that was made by students at the University of Oregon and published in the March 2006 edition of the "Student Insurgent". It caused debates in the United States in 2006. The picture shows a naked Jesus Christ on the Cross with an erection.

In 2005 the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten published 12 cartoons of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. The paper said that this was to add to the debate about criticism of Islam and self-censorship. Danish-Muslims said that they did not like them because Islam teaches that it is wrong for people to make any picture of Muhammad and also because they felt that the pictures showed disrespect to Muhammad. This led to protests in many Islamic countries, some of which became violent and led to more than 100 deaths.

The students of the University of Oregon said that they made the pictures of Jesus because they want to show how people who are religious feel when people make pictures that may be offensive to Jesus. They wanted to get Muslims and Christians to talk and understand each other better.

Some people disliked the picture of Jesus with erection. The president of the Catholic League, William Donohue, said that the president of the Oregon University, Dave Frohnmayer, is partially responsible for the pictures. William Donohue said that the picture was one of the worst attacks on Christianity he had ever seen. Other people who disliked the picture said that the University's President David B. Frohnmayer should not work for the University any more. However, the Oregon Daily Emerald and the Oregon Commentator, said that the students' right to free speech and the University's decision to defend the student newspaper, citing the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States like the Southworth case. This case said that universities could support student groups (such as newspapers) that other students did not agree with without hurting the rights of the students who do not like the groups.



Giovanni Guaita

Giovanni Guaita (born November 26, 1962 in Sardinia) is an Italian historian, researcher of Eastern Christianity and writer. He is an assistant Professor of the Moscow Linguistic University. He studied in different Western European and Russian (Moscow and St Petersburg) universities.

He is the author of several books. Three of these books are on the Armenian theme. Guaita also known as the compilator of "The vocabulary of Orthodox agiology".



Cockatoo

A cockatoo is any of the 21 species belonging to the bird family Cacatuidae, the only family in the superfamily Cacatuoidea. Along with the Psittacoidea (true parrots) and the Strigopoidea (New Zealand parrots), they make up the order Psittaciformes (parrots).

The name "cockatoo" comes from the Malay name for these birds, "kaka(k)tua", via the Dutch "kaketoe".

Cockatoos are recognisable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills. Their plumage is generally less colourful than that of other parrots, being mainly white, grey or black and often with coloured features in the crest, cheeks or tail. On average they are larger than other parrots; however, the Cockatiel, the smallest cockatoo species, is a small bird.

Cockatoos have a much more restricted range than the true parrots, occurring naturally only in Australasia. Eleven of the 21 species exist in the wild only in Australia, while seven species occur only in the islands of the Philippines, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Interestingly, no cockatoo species are found in Borneo (despite their presence on nearby Palawan and Sulawesi) or many Pacific islands, although fossil remains have been recorded from New Caledonia.

Three species occur in both New Guinea and Australia. Some species have widespread distributions, with the Galah, for example, occurring over most of Australia, whereas other species have tiny distributions, confined to a small part of the continent, such as the Long-billed Black Cockatoo of Western Australia or to a small island group, such as the Tanimbar Corella, which is restricted to the Tanimbar Islands of Indonesia.

Cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats, from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves. However, no species is found in all types of habitat. The most widespread species, such as the Galah and Cockatiel, are open-country specialists that feed on grass seeds. Other cockatoo species, such as the Glossy Black Cockatoo, inhabit woodlands, rainforests, shrublands and even forests with an alpine climate. The Philippine Cockatoo inhabits mangroves. Several species have adapted well to human modified habitats and are found in agricultural areas and even busy cities.

The cockatoos were first defined as a subfamily Cacatuinae within the parrot family Psittacidae by the English naturalist George Robert Gray in 1840, with "Cacatua" the first listed and type genus. This group has alternately been considered as either a full family or a subfamily by different authorities. The American ornithologist James Lee Peters in his 1937 "Check-list of Birds of the World", Sibley and Monroe in 1990 maintained it as a subfamily, while parrot expert Joseph Forshaw classified it as a family in 1973. Subsequent molecular studies indicate that the earliest offshoot from the original parrot ancestors were the New Zealand parrots of the family Strigopidae, and following this the cockatoos, now a well-defined group or clade, split off from the remaining parrots, which then radiated across the southern hemisphere and diversified into the many species of parrots, parakeets, macaws, lories, lorikeets, lovebirds and other true parrots of the family Psittacidae.

The fossil record of cockatoos is even more limited than that of parrots in general, with only one truly ancient cockatoo fossil known: a species of "Cacatua", most probably subgenus "Licmetis", found in Early Miocene (16–23 million years ago) deposits of Riversleigh, Australia. Although fragmentary, the remains are similar to the Western Corella and the Galah.

Names in parentheses after generic names indicate subgenera.
The current subdivision of this family is as follows:

Subfamily Nymphicinae
Subfamily Calyptorhynchinae: The black cockatoos
Subfamily Cacatuinae


The cockatoos are mostly medium to large parrots with a heavy, compact body. They range from in length and in weight. However, one species, the Cockatiel, is considerably smaller and slimmer than the other species, being long (including its long pointed tail feathers) and in weight.

The movable headcrest, which is present in all cockatoos, is spectacular in many species; it is raised when the bird lands from flying or when it is aroused.

Cockatoos share many features with other parrots, including the characteristic curved beak shape and a zygodactyl foot, with the two middle toes forward and the two outer toes backward. They differ however in a number of characteristics, including the presence of a gallbladder, some other anatomical details and their lack of the structures in the feathers which cause the bright blues and greens seen in true parrots.

Like other parrots, cockatoos have short legs and strong claws, and often use their strong bill as a third limb when climbing through branches. They generally have long broad wings used in rapid flight, with speeds up to being recorded for galahs. The members of the genus "Calyptorhynchus" and larger white cockatoos, such as the Sulphur-crested Cockatoo and Major Mitchell's Cockatoo, have shorter, rounder wings and a more leisurely flight.

Cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food. They eat a range of mainly vegetable food items. Seeds form a large part of the diet of all species; these are opened with their large and powerful bills. The Galahs, corellas and some of the black cockatoos feed primarily on the ground; others feed mostly in trees.

Like most parrots, the cockatoos are made their nests in holes in trees, which they are unable to excavate themselves. These hollows are formed from decay or destruction of wood by branches breaking off, fungi or insects such as termites or even woodpeckers where their ranges overlap. In many places these holes are scarce and the source of competition, both with other members of the same species and with other species and types of animal. In general, cockatoos choose hollows only a little larger than themselves, hence different-sized species nest in holes of corresponding (and different) sizes.

The female lays two white eggs on small pieces of wood. The young, which is born naked and blind, is fed by the adults with partially digested food for about three months.

According to the IUCN and BirdLife International, seven species of cockatoo are considered to be vulnerable or worse and one is considered to be near threatened. Of these, two species—the Philippine Cockatoo (or Red-vented Cockatoo) and the Yellow-crested Cockatoo—are considered to be critically endangered.

The principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the trade in wild animals. All cockatoos nest in trees, and are vulnerable to their loss. Also, many species have specific habitat requirements or live on small islands and have naturally small ranges, making them especially vulnerable.

Cockatoos are popular as pets and the capture and trade has threatened some species; between 1983 and 1990, 66,654 recorded Salmon-crested Cockatoos were exported from Indonesia, a figure that does not include the number of birds caught for the domestic trade or that were exported illegally. The capture of many species has subsequently been banned but the trade continues illegally. Not only are the rare species smuggled out of Indonesia but also common and rare cockatoos alike are smuggled out of Australia.

All species of cockatoo except the Cockatiel are protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), which restricts import and export of wild-caught parrots to special licensed purposes. Five cockatoo species (including all subspecies)—the Tanimbar Corella ("Cacatua goffiniana"), Philippine Cockatoo ("Cacatua haematuropygia"), Moluccan Cockatoo ("Cacatua moluccensis"), Yellow-crested Cockatoo ("Cacatua sulphurea") and Palm Cockatoo ("Probosciger aterrimus")—are protected on the CITES Appendix I list. With the exception of the Cockatiel, all remaining cockatoo species are protected on the CITES Appendix II list.


Bell P-39 Airacobra

The P-39 Airacobra was a fighter aircraft made by Bell Aircraft. It first flew in 1939, and was introduced in 1941. While it had good weapons, it was known for being very unstable and could lose control easily. It was fast but not very good above 5000 m (15,000 feet) as it lacked turbocharger. The Soviet Union used it during World War II as a fighter interceptor as most air battles at the Eastern front were fought at low heights. Very near the ground the Airacobra became extremely maneuverable and could out-turn any German airplane. The Russians liked the plane, and they often removed the wing guns to make it even more maneuvreable. Several Soviet pilots became fighter aces on P-39. The main weapon of P-39, a 37 mm cannon, was so powerful that it could destroy almost any airplane on a single hit.

The pilot who scored the most aerial victories was Grigori Rechkalov of the Soviet Air Force. He shot down 57 Germans with Airacobra. His squadronmate Aleksandr Pokryshkin had 59 victories, of which 47 were with Airacobra.

The P-39 was different from most aircraft in World War II. It had "tricycle" landing gear, doors that opened like a car (pilots would climb out of most fighters of the time) and the engine was behind the pilot. The "Q" version could go 375 miles per hour (600 km/h), had four 12.7mm machine guns, and one 37mm cannon.

Air Canada

Air Canada is Canada's largest airline. It flies from Canada to the United States, Europe, Asia, Australia, and some Caribbean countries. Air Canada began on September 1, 1937. It was first called "Trans-Canada Air Lines". The first flight was from Vancouver to Seattle. The airline's name changed to "Air Canada" in 1964. Air Canada was privatized in 1989. A large strike was launched by Air Canada pilots in September 1998. Air Canada bought Canadian Airlines in 2000. Since the early 2000s Air Canada has had many financial problems.

Air Canada's fleet includes:

Air Canada has ordered the Boeing 737 MAX airplanes for the future. It is still receiving more Embraers and Boeing 787s. In the past, Air Canada had Airbus A340s, Boeing 727s, Boeing 737s, Boeing 747s, Douglas DC-8s, Douglas DC-9s and Embraer 170s.

Actinolite

Actinolite is a mineral that can be green, green-black, gray-green, or black in color and is made of crystals. It is common around the world. The environment it lives in is in metamorphic rocks. It is named after the Greek word aktinos (meaning "ray") because of the nature of Actinolite. Actinole is not radioactive.

Actinolite is a crystal found in countries like the US, Brazil, China, and Canada. Actinolite is commonly used in industrial applications such as in the production of asbestos because it has similar properties to asbestos fibers. It is sometimes used as a gemstone, but it is not suitable for jewelry. Some types of actinolite are rare, which makes it an attractive to some collectors.

Actinolite is a member of a series that contains varying amounts of calcium, magnesium, iron, and aluminum. Tremolite is the Mg end, and ferroactinolite the Fe end, with actinolite in the middle. Actinolites with more than 50% Fe are very rare. Catseye actinolite exists; when chatoyant material is cut, it exhibits a fine eye. Actinolite is easy to cleave and hard to cut and would make a poor jewelry stone. Actinolite is the chief constituent of nephrite (jade). Smaragdite is a chrome-rich tremolite from Tanzania.

Buoy

A buoy is a floating device that can have many uses. It is usually anchored in a certain place. The word is most commonly said () (as in "buoyant"), but in American English it is often pronounced .

Buoys are used by ships to navigate or sail safely from place to place. They are used to mark a safe channel on a river, lake or harbour. They are used to mark dangerous rocks and other items which ships have to keep clear of. They can also be used to mark a shipwreck, pipelines or swimming areas.

Buoys are used as marker for fishing, moorings for boats, yacht or dinghy racing, diving or weather stations and may be marked on charts as "Superbuoys".

Gulf Coast of the United States

The Gulf Coast region of the United States is made up of the coasts of states which border the Gulf of Mexico. The states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida are known as the Gulf States. All Gulf States are in the Southern region of the United States.


Florida Panhandle

The Florida Panhandle is the region of the state of Florida which includes the westernmost 10 to 18 counties in the state. It is a narrow strip lying between Alabama and Georgia to the north and the Gulf of Mexico to the south. While some definitions only include the counties west of the , others include the eight counties east of the Apalachicola that are part of the Big Bend region. Culturally and in terms of history and climate, the region is more closely tied to the than to peninsular Florida.


Loop Current

Part of the Gulf Stream, the Loop Current is a warm ocean current in the Gulf of Mexico that flows northward between Cuba and the Yucatán Peninsula, moves north into the Gulf of Mexico, loops west and south before exiting to the east through the Florida Straits.

Around 1970, it was believed that the Loop Current exhibited an annual cycle in which the Loop feature extended farther to the north during the summer. Further study over the past few decades, however, has shown that the extension to the north (and the shedding of eddies) does not have a significant annual cycle.

The Loop Current and its eddies may be detected by measuring sea surface level. Sea surface level of both the Eddies and the Loop on September 21, 2005 was up to higher than surrounding water, indicating a deep area of warm water beneath them.

National Weather Service bulletin for New Orleans region

The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m., August 28, 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina. Partly due to this bulletin, people in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippi, those most affected by the storm, followed evacuation orders more closely, resulting in fewer deaths.

On the evening of August 25, 2005, Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near the Miami-Dade – Broward county line in southern Florida and weakened into a tropical storm as a result. The next morning, after passing over the state, Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico, strengthened back to hurricane strength, and from the influence of the warm waters from the Loop Current, began rapid deepening.

At 11:00 p.m. EDT August 26, approximately 56 hours before Katrina's landfall near Buras, Louisiana, the National Hurricane Center had predicted that the New Orleans metropolitan area could face a direct hit by the storm. As New Orleans is on the Mississippi River delta and much of the city is below sea level, a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city. Previous warnings, such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001, told of a disaster that "would strand 250,000 people or more, and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water" following a severe hurricane landfall on the city. The National Hurricane Center's director, Max Mayfield, said the Mississippi/Louisiana area has "the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios," and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC. Other publications, such as "Popular Mechanics", "Scientific American", and The Times-Picayune predicted doomsday situations in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless.

In 1965, Hurricane Betsy made landfall just south of New Orleans, causing widespread flooding in the city. As a result, a system of levees was authorized by Congress to handle future storm events. However, the protection given by this system was limited to hurricanes up to Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

Three days before Katrina's second and third landfalls, the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane. By the next morning, August 27, the NHC gave out a hurricane watch that included the New Orleans metro area, which was upgraded to a hurricane warning by 10:00 p.m. that same evening. At this point, Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph (185 km/h) winds and about 335 miles (540 km) to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River's mouth.

That night, the storm strengthened to a Category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h) by 10:00 am CDT on August 28. At that time, the Weather Forecasting Office issued an "urgent weather message" describing the destruction Katrina would likely cause in the region:

At 10:11 a.m. CDT (1511 UTC), Robert Ricks, a meteorologist with the New Orleans/Baton Rouge NWS office, issued the following statement:
An equally-explicit bulletin was repeated at 4:13 p.m. CDT.

In the months after the storm, Congress appointed a two-party system committee to look into the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations before to its landfall. The committee said that the forecasts given by the National Weather Service were timely, were not responsible for failures in other agencies, and were likely responsible for saving thousands of lives.

During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service, the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were examined. The report called the bulletin "a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina," as its detailed and specific language did not have any previous precedent (though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in 1990). The strongly-worded statement persuaded people to evacuate, and was highlighted by national news media. As a result, the level of detail was highlighted as an "innovative best practice" in the NWS assessment, which recommended issuing warnings with similar levels of detail in the future.


Cesc Fàbregas

Cesc Fàbregas (born May 4, 1987) is a Spanish football manager and former player. He plays as a midfielder for Monaco in the Ligue 1.
Fàbregas started playing football at Barcelona. In 2003, when he was just 16 years old, he signed with Arsenal. 
He was named as the new captain of Arsenal in November 2008, after William Gallas lost the captaincy. He also plays for the Spanish national team since he was 19. He signed for Chelsea FC in June 2014.

Arsenal

Barcelona

Chelsea

Monaco

Spain

Individual

Orders

Misery Guts

Misery Guts is a book by the award winning Australian author Morris Gleitzman.

This is a story about a kid named Keith who lives in London and his parents who own a fish and chip shop. This parents for a long time have not had many customers. Keith is dedicated to trying to make the store better and cheer up his parents so they won't be Misery Guts for the rest of their lives. He tries everything including some crazy stunts.

The story continues in the hilarious sequel "Worry Warts".

The book did not sell very well. As of November 2007, the "Misery Guts/Worry Warts" combination was ranked #3,465,204 in books sold by Amazon. A television series was made based on this book.


Brett Lee

Brett Lee (born 8 November, 1976 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer. He has played for the Australian national cricket team and New South Wales Blues. He has taken more than 300 wickets. Brett is a very fast bowler, one of the fastest the cricket world has known. His fastest delivery was . Lee won the Donald Bradman Young Player of the Year Award at the Allan Border Medal award ceremony in 2000 soon after his debut and has gone on to win many awards and a few tournaments.

He is the second of 3 boys and first played cricket with his brothers. 


Otter

Otters are animals that live near and around water. They are a part of the animal family Mustelid. A group of otters is called a "romp", because they play together and are energetic. They live in nests called holts. There are many different kinds of otters. Some live near rivers, some in the sea (sea otters). Otters live on every continent except for Australia and Antarctica.

Otters are long and slim animals that can be longer than a meter. They have four short legs. They usually stay on all four legs, but they can stand up as well but they are expert swimmers and spend a lot of time in water. They have a thick fur coat that keeps them warm even in freezing water. They have very soft, insulated underfur, which is protected by an outer layer of long guard hairs. This traps a layer of air which keeps them dry and warm under water. They keep the air topped up by blowing into the fur with their mouth. Their fur is often brown at the top, and lighter underneath the Otter.

They eat meat and hunt for fish and small animals, so they have sharp claws and teeth that allow them to catch prey, then eat them. They are great swimmers and divers; they can stay underwater for 8 minutes. Their thick and long tail helps them steer while swimming underwater. Also, their feet are webbed, which helps them swim. On the ground, they can run very fast.

Otters live 8 to 9 years in the wilderness, and as many as 21 years when living with people.

Otters are carnivores; they must eat a lot of meat to live, so they spend 3 to 5 hours every day fishing and hunting. They can die of hunger more quickly than most animals. They eat fish, crayfish, crabs, and frogs. They will eat any small animals and birds they can catch. Much of their food is found in water. They dive in rivers, lakes and streams until they can find a suitable animal to eat, which they then chase. Once they catch it, they bring it to the top of the water, where they eat it. If the animal has a hard shell, otters can use a rock as a tool to break open the shell.

Otters are playful and energetic. They can be seen sliding down hills and slopes, as well as chasing other otters for fun. Some kinds of otters live in groups, while others are almost always alone. Because they spent so much time in cold water, they have to groom their fur often to stop themselves from freezing.

Otters talk to other animals and otters with whistles, growls, chuckles and screams, as well as chirps, squeals, and some kinds of otters might even purr. They also leave their scent on plants to mark their territory.

Sea otters ("Enhydra lutris") are classified as marine mammals. They live along the Pacific coast of North America. Their historic range included shallow waters of the Bering Strait. It also included Kamchatka, and as far south as Japan. Sea otters have about 26,000 to 165,000 hairs per square centimeters of skin. They have a rich fur for which humans hunted them almost to extinction. They frequently carry a rock in a pouch under their forearm. They use this to smash open shells. This makes them one of the few animals that use tools. They grow to in length and weigh . Although once near extinction, they have begun to spread again, from remnant populations in California and Alaska.

The European otter ("Lutra lutra") was common as recently as the 1950s, but became rare because of DDT pesticides, habitat loss and water pollution. Hunting of otters was also common. They stayed relatively common in parts of Scotland and Ireland, but numbers in England reached a low point in the 1980s. They are now recovering strongly. Otters are now quite common, especially in the west of England. Roadkill deaths are now happening more.

There are 13 types of otters in the world. They are


Arsenal

An arsenal is a place where guns and ammunition are made, repaired or stored. 

Some arsenals include:


Several places, landmarks and buildings have been named after arsenals:


Arsenal is used in the name of several football clubs:


In arts, music and culture, Arsenal can refer to:


There are also several man-made objects with Arsenal in their name:


Railway stations with Arsenal in their name include:


Companies with Arsenal in its name include:

Medal of Honor

The Medal of Honor is the highest award given to members of the United States Military. It is given to people who show a lot of bravery in wartime. Because of this, many people who get the Medal of Honor die earning it. It was first given in 1863 during the American Civil War. 

The Medal of Honor has been given to 3,458 different people, including



According to Medal of Honor recipient Retired Army Maj. Gen. Patrick Brady who flew more than 2,500 combat missions over Vietnam and helped rescue more than 5,000 wounded, "it is harder to wear it than to earn it".




Asynchronous Transfer Mode

Asynchronous Transfer Mode is a set of protocols used for computer networks. It is mostly used for Wide Area Networks (WAN). It splits the data, and encodes it into packets of a fixed size. Each packet can be routed differently, along virtual paths set up in the network. 

ATM has been very successful in WANs, as well as in Local Area Networks (LAN). Today, many ADSL implementations use ATM technology.

Standards like Ethernet (which is used for LANs) usually are quite simple. When there is little traffic on the network they work well. However, when there is a lot of traffic it is difficult to predict how an Ethernet network will behave. For this reason, Ethernet cannot give any service guarantees. It is not possible to say that an Ethernet packet will take a maximum delay, but after that time it is guaranteed to arrive.

ATM is more complex, but this complexity allows to give guarantees as to data rate, maximum delay, and jitter. These are usually called Quality of Service. 

Blood type

Blood type or blood group is a classification of blood based on the presence or absence of inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells (RBCs).

Blood types predict whether a serious reaction will occur in a blood transfusion. This reaction is called a "haemolytic reaction". It may destroy red blood cells, and cause renal failure. Shock is likely to occur, and death is a possibility.

When a blood transfusion or an organ transplant takes place, it is vital to know the blood types of the donor (who gives blood) and the receiver (who needs blood).

There are a number of human blood group systems. Of these systems, the ABO blood group system and the Rhesus blood group system are the most important. In this system the presence or absence of the A-antigen, the B-antigen and the RhD-antigen are determined.

The principle of the ABO system is that antigens – in this instance, sugars exposed on the surface of red blood cells – differ between individuals. This was first discovered by Karl Landsteiner. People have immunological tolerance only for what occurs in their own bodies. As a result, humans may produce antibodies against natural components in the bodies of "other" people, but not themselves. So, people may produce antibodies against A and/or B antigens if they are not in their blood.

These antibodies clump red blood cells together if they carry the foreign antigens. This response can cause death when large amounts of such cells are encountered after a blood transfusion. Because A and B antigens are chemically modified from a precursor form that is also present in type O individuals, people with type A and B antigens can accept blood from type O individuals.

Anti-A and anti-B antibodies are not present in the newborn. They appear in the first years of life. Anti-A and anti-B antibodies are usually too big to pass through the placenta to the foetal blood circulation.

In a laboratory, blood is tested for antigens. When a certain antigen is found, antibodies are also always found. Antibodies attack (attach to) antigens that they do not recognise.

The blood is thus tagged as being "A positive", "O negative" for instance, where the letter refers to the ABO blood group and "positive" or "negative" refers to whether or not the RhD-antigen of the Rhesus blood group system was found. It can also be written "A+ " and "O-", respectively.


People with type O negative blood are often called universal donors because they can give blood to any other blood group. People with type AB positive blood are called universal recipients because they can receive blood from any other blood group.

The Rh factor (Rh meaning Rhesus) is a feature of the second most common blood-group system in human-blood transfusion. it is named after the Rhesus monkey where they were first discovered. Rh is an inherited trait, which refers to a protein on the surface of an individual's red blood cells.

The Rh factor is separate from, and in addition to, ABO groups. The Rh factor is either present on individual's red blood cells or it is not. Rh positive means the factor is present. Rh negative means it is not present. In blood transfusions it is important that the blood donor and recipient have the same Rh factor and same blood group.

Before a transfusion takes place blood is thoroughly tested for anything that might cause problems for the receiver.

Trance music

Trance music is a kind of electronic music. It centers around a synthesizer and bass drum on each beat and melodies with themes. Most trance music usually have 140 beats per minute. Trance music is commonly played in clubs. The genre takes insipiration from techno, house music, and other kinds of electronic music.

Trance refers to an altered state of consciousness as, for example, achieved by hypnosis. Trance music is characterised by unusually long tracks of highly repetitious music. Group dancing makes the effect stronger, as it does with some types of traditional African music. The general idea has been many times used in religious ceremonies. Nobody knows who introduced the term to electronic music.




Acuminite

Acuminite is a colorless mineral made from crystals. It is named for the Latin word "acuminis" (meaning "sharp point" or "spearhead") for the way the crystals are made. It is easily found in Greenland in the Ivigtut cryolite deposit. It is easily scratched with a copper penny.

Warthog

Warthog ("Phacochoerus africanus") are members of the pig family. They are found in most of Africa south of the Sahara and are widely distributed in East Africa. They are the only pigs able to live in areas without water for several months of the year. By tolerating a higher-than-normal body temperature, the warthog is perhaps able to conserve moisture inside its body that might otherwise be used for cooling.Camels and desert gazelles have developed a similar mechanism for survival in hot dry places..

The warthog is a large bodied animal. Males are bigger than females. Both sexes have tusks which they use for fighting and defending themselves. They weigh between .

Common warthogs live in groups called sounders. Females live in sounders with their young and with other females. Males live alone when they become adults. Both males and females have two facial glands: the tusk gland and the sebaceous gland. Common warthogs of both sexes begin to mark around six to seven months old. Males tend to mark more than females. They mark sleeping and feeding areas and waterholes.

They are seasonal breeders.

Common warthogs live for an average of 7 to 11 years in the wild. In captivity they can live 21 years.

Warthogs are found in moist and arid savannas. They avoid rainforest, deserts and high mountains.

Moraine

Moraines are accumulations of debris that are found in regions where there are glaciers or were glaciers formerly.

Moraines which are found far off from existing glaciers were created during a past ice age. The debris may have been taken off the valley floor as a glacier moved or fallen off the valley walls as a result of weathering. Moraines may be made of silt like glacial flour to large boulders. Moraines may be on the glacier’s surface or deposited as piles or sheets of debris where the glacier has melted. Moraines may also develop when a glacier or iceberg reaches the sea and melts, dropping rocks that it has carried.



Silt

Silt is soil or rock that developed from granular material of a specific grain size.

Silty soil has much smaller particles than sandy soil, so it is smooth to the touch. When moistened, it is soapy slick. When rolled between the fingers, dirt is left on the skin.

Silty soil retains water longer, but it can’t hold on to as many nutrients as you’d want it to, though it’s fairly fertile. Due to its moisture-retentive quality, silty soil is cold and drains poorly.

Silt particles range between a and mm (3.9 to 62.5 μm), larger than clay but smaller than a sand. Silt is chemically distinct from clay, and unlike clay, grains of silt are about the same size in all dimensions.

Silt may occur as a soil or alternatively as suspended sediment in a water column of any surface water body. It may also exist as deposition soil at the bottom of a water body after it is eroded elsewhere and transported by a stream or by a current. Silt is easily transported in water and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air as 'dust'. Thick deposits of silty material that result from "wind" deposition are often called "loess" (a German term) or "limon" (French). Silt and clay contribute to more particles in the water.

Silt (disambiguation)

Silt is a type of soil or earth material. It may also refer to:



Catalytic converter

A catalytic converter is a device in the exhaust pipe of a car, near its engine. It is used to clean up the exhaust the car sends out into the atmosphere. It works by using a catalyst material, usually made of Platinum, Palladium, and Rhodium. The catalytic converter converts carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons, and nitrogen oxides, all of which make the air dirty and make people sick, into carbon dioxide, water, and Nitrogen, all of which are less harmful, but unfortunately many of the harmful gases still escape into the atmosphere as a result of deficiencies. These chemicals, however, are still large contributors to global warming. The US auto industry was investigated by the US Department of Justice for “conspiracy” for 15 years of colluding to withhold the technology between 1953 and 1969 while smog devastated urban centers’ air quality. A catalytic converter reduces carbon monoxide by contacting it with oxygen, creating carbon dioxide, which is less harmful. Because hydrocarbons are unburned fuel particles that are put into the catalytic converter, they burn up in the catalytic converter, making it very hot.

Adamite

Adamite is a mineral that can be either yellow, purple, green, pink, or yellowish-green in color and is made from crystals. It is very easy to break and it can be scratched by a copper penny. Adamite is not radioactive. It is named for the French mineralogist Gilbert Joseph Adam (1795-1881), who was the person who discovered it. It is mainly found in the Atacama Desert in Chile. Adamite is also used for other commercial resources.

Six Flags Great Adventure

Six Flags Great Adventure is a theme park in Jackson Township, New Jersey, United States. It opened on July 1, 1974. The park complex also contains the Hurricane Harbor water park.

In 2012, Six Flags combined Great Adventure Park with the Wild Safari Area to form a single 475-acre theme park. As of 2018, the park contained 12 roller coasters. Three are world-class rides: El Toro, Kingda Ka and Nitro. Kingda Ka, with a top speed of 128 mph feels like taking off from an aircraft carrier. At 458 feet tall guests say on a clear day you can see both the Philadelphia and New York City skylines. Nitro, another fast roller coaster, offers a panoramic view of the New Jersey countryside. El Toro is one of the tallest wooden roller coasters at 181 feet. The park includes a Safari Off-Road Adventure that has over 1,200 animals. It is the largest drive-through safari park in North America.

There are three areas just for children. The Hurricane Harbor water park takes up 45 acres by itself. Between the three areas there are over 200 rides and attractions. Six Flags Great Adventure is open between spring break and late October.

Located halfway between New York City and Philadelphia, the park opened in 1974. At first it was called The Enchanted Forest. In 1976 it was renamed Great Adventure. Six Flags bought it in 1977.

On August 17, 1981 a park employee fell to his death during a routine test of Rolling Thunder. The concluded he may not have used the safety bar. On May 11, 1984 the Haunted Castle caught fire. Eight teenagers were caught inside and died. In 1987 a woman fell to her death from the Lightnin' Loops roller coaster. Officials said she did not have her shoulder safety harness on. She was 19 years old. There have been no serious accidents since 2003 at Great Adventure.


Adamsite-(Y)

Adamsite-(Y) is a mineral that can be white, pale pink, pale purple, or is colorless in color and is made of crystals. It is named for Professor Frank Dawson Adams (1859-1942) of McGill University, Montreal, Quebec and is found in the Poudrette quarry in Quebec. It's environment is in a pegmatite dike that is greatly heated. It is barely radioactive, and is easily scratched with calcite and it also breaks easily.

18 (number)

Eighteen is a number. It comes between seventeen and nineteen, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 9 and 18.
In most countries it is the age of majority, age of consent, and voting age.

In Roman numerals, 18 is written as XVIII.

The number 18 has many multiples such as: 36, 54, 72, 90, 108, and so on. The prime factorization of 18 is 3x3x2 in expanded form, and 2x3² in factored form.

19 (number)

Nineteen is a number. It comes between eighteen and twenty, and is an odd number. It is also the 8th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, and 17. 

In Roman numeralswwqo chudai University, 19 is w ritten as XIX.

21 (number)

Twenty-one is a number. It comes between twenty and twenty-two, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 7, and 21.

Twenty-one is also a name of a popular card game and is the age at which people in the United States can buy alcoholic drinks.

In Roman numerals, 21 is written as XXI.

In Greek numerals 21 is written as κα

Samuel Pepys

Samuel Pepys ( ; 23 February 1633 – 26 May 1703) was an English administrator at the Admiralty and Member of Parliament. He is famous for his diary.

Pepys rose to be the Chief Secretary to the Admiralty under Charles II, and later under James II. Although Pepys had no maritime experience, he rose by patronage, hard work and his talent for administration.

The detailed private diary that he kept from 1660–1669 was first published in the nineteenth century. It is one of the most important primary sources for the English Restoration period. It provides a combination of personal notes and eyewitness accounts of great events, such as the Great Plague of London, the Second Dutch War and the Great Fire of London.

Pepys was a key person in the fire of 1666. Seeing that the wind was driving the fire westward, he ordered the boat to go to Whitehall, and became the first person to inform the King of the fire. The King told him to go to the Lord Mayor, and tell him to start pulling houses down.

Pepys took a coach back to Old St Paul's Cathedral, before setting off on foot through the burning city. He found the Lord Mayor, who said: "Lord! what can I do? I am spent: people will not obey me. I have been pulling down houses; but the fire overtakes us faster than we can do it."

At noon Pepys went home and 'had an extraordinary good dinner, and as merry, as at this time we could be'. In the evening he and his wife watched the fire from the safety of Bankside: Pepys writes that 'it made me weep to see it'. Returning home, Pepys met his clerk, Tom Hayter, who had lost everything. Hearing news that the fire was advancing, Pepys started to pack up his possessions by moonlight.

A cart arrived at 4am on 3 September, and Pepys spent much of the day arranging the removal of his possessions. Many of his valuables, including his diary, were sent to friend. The next day, Pepys continued to arrange the removal of his possessions. By this point, he believed that Seething Lane was in grave danger, and suggested calling men from Deptford to help pull down houses and defend the king's property. He described the chaos in the city, and his curious attempt at saving his own goods:

On Wednesday, 5 September, Pepys – who had taken to sleeping on his office floor – was woken by his wife at 2am. She told him that the fire had almost reached All Hallows-by-the-Tower, and that it was at the foot of Seething Lane. He decided to send her and his gold – about £2350 – to Woolwich. In the following days Pepys witnessed looting, disorder and disruption. On 7 September he went to Paul's Wharf and saw the ruins of St Paul's Cathedral, of his old school and of his father's house. Despite all this destruction, Pepys's house, office and diary had been saved.

The complete and definitive edition of Pepys's diary by Robert Latham and William Matthews was published by Bell & Hyman, London, in 1970–1983.
It is one of England's prized possessions

Some of the older editions of the diary are available online.
There are also two encyclopedic sites about Pepys based on these free editions
As well as other sites about Pepys.

Jorge Guillén

Jorge Guillén y Álvarez (January 18, 1893 – February 6, 1984) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27.

Jorge Guillén was born in Valladolid. His life paralleled that of his friend Pedro Salinas, whom he succeeded as a Spanish teaching assistant at the Collège de Sorbonne in the University of Paris from 1917 to 1923. He was also a professor at the University of Murcia from 1925 to 1929, the University of Oxford from 1929 to 1931, and the University of Seville from 1932 to 1938. Exiled, he was forced to establish himself in the United States to continue his postsecondary teaching. He was a professor of Spanish at Wellesley College from 1941 to 1967. He retired to Italy, where he married for the second time. He later moved to the city of Málaga. In 1977, he was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize, one of the most prestigious prizes for Spanish-language writers. He died in Málaga in 1984, age 91.


Albatross

Albatrosses are large seabirds which belong to the biological family Diomedeidae. They live in the region of the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean. They are not found in the North Atlantic region, but their fossils have been found there, which shows that they used to live there. There are four main species of albatross: Great Albatrosses, North Pacific Albatrosses, Mollymawks and Sooty Albatrosses. These are divided into twenty-one species identified by the World Conservation Union (ICUN).

Great Albatrosses are among the largest of flying birds. They are very big. All albatrosses are very good at flying, spending much of their life in the air. They eat squid, fish and krill. Albatrosses come ashore to make their nests, mostly on islands, and usually near the nests of other birds.

Nineteen of the twenty-one species of albatross are endangered. This is partly because animals such as rats and cats attack their eggs, chicks, and sometimes adult birds as well. Pollution of the oceans, such as plastic waste and oils spills, also kills albatrosses. Sometimes there may be not enough fish to eat because of over-fishing. The main reason why albatross are endangered is longline fishing which causes many albatross to get caught on hooks that have been baited to catch fish. This causes the birds to drown.

Albatrosses are very large. The bill is large, strong and sharp. This bill is made of horny plates. Along the sides are the two "tubes". They are actually long nostrils. The tubes of all albatrosses are on the sides of the bill. They help the albatrosses develop their sense of smell a lot. The feet have no last toe and the three other toes are all webbed. Their legs are quite strong, and they can walk well on land, unlike other sea birds.

Albatrosses need to take salt out of their body because they drink ocean water. All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill, above their eyes. This gland is sometimes useless to birds that do not need it. However, albatrosses use them to help take out saltwater. Scientists are not sure how it works exactly. However, they know that it helps take out the salt. It makes a liquid that makes the saltwater drip out of their nose.

The adult albatrosses usually have a dark upper-wing and back, and white undersides when they are getting ready to take flight. Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers.

The wings of the largest albatrosses (genus "Diomedea") can be up to .

Albatrosses flying north from their family sometimes fly in a clockwise direction, and those flying south will fly the opposite. The most energy used up in their journey is not when they travel a long way, but when they land, take-off, and hunt. This helps the albatross fly more longer distances and find good food. They can fly easily over wind and waves. However, because their long wings do not have strong muscles or energy, they cannot flap while they fly. Because of this, albatrosses in calm seas must stop and rest on the surface of the ocean until the wind begins to blow harder. When taking-off, albatrosses need to run first to help the wing make lift. Albatrosses are known for their clumsiness when landing.

Most albatrosses are found in the southern hemisphere from Antarctica to Australia, South Africa and South America. However, the four North Pacific albatrosses live elsewhere. Three of them are in the North Pacific, from Hawaii to Japan, California and Alaska. The last one, the Waved Albatross, is in the Galapagos Islands and finds food in the coast of South America.

It is not known clearly why the albatrosses became extinct in the North Atlantic. Some think that it was because the sea level rose at that time. Some kind of albatrosses that live in the south have usually been trapped in the North Atlantic, and are forced to stay there for a long time.

Sometimes scientists may use the satellite when trying to learn about albatrosses. They try to find out about the way albatrosses go across the ocean to find food with the satellites. There is proof that the sea separates different kinds of species of the Albatross. There is also proof of different pathways for the two sexes of the same kind of species. A study of Tristan Albatrosses living on the Gough Island showed that males look for food on the west and the females go around the east.

The albatross eats cephalopods, fish, crustaceans and offal. Sometimes, they may also eat carrion and or other kinds of zooplankton. However, the importance of each food is different according to each species. Some may like to eat only squids, or others might eat more krill or fish. From the two albatross species that live in Hawaii, one of them, the Black-footed Albatross, eats mostly fish. The other one, the Laysan Albatross, eats more squids instead.

Sometimes albatrosses may use the help of other animals to eat. For example, some squids are too big to be caught alive by the albatross. Instead, albatrosses eat squids that die after mating, or after they have been vomited by squid-eating whales (such as sperm whales and pilot whales). Other species, like the Black-browed Albatross or the Grey-headed Albatross, eat smaller species of squid that sink after they die, and they do not scavenge a lot. Also, sometimes the Waved Albatross has been seen stealing food from other birds.

Until now, it was thought that the albatrosses ate and found their food at the surface of the sea, this included dead squid and fish pushed to the surface by the waves, other animals that had eaten them, or death. This was thought because some species do not dive deeper than a metre. However, this theory was not true because some species have a mean (average) diving depth of almost 5 metres and can dive as deep as 12.5 metres. They have now been seen to eat from the surface, diving to catch prey and sometimes also plunging from the air to snatch their prey.

Albatrosses live together, and they usually nest on islands where no people live. Many Buller's Albatrosses and Black-footed Albatrosses nest under trees in open forest. Albatrosses usually come back to their own group after leaving for a while to find a mate. This is one of their strongest instinct, and the study of Laysan Albatross showed that the normal distance between the place where it was hatched and the place where the bird made its own territory was 22m (72 ft).

Like most seabirds, albatrosses live much longer than other birds. They also do not look for their mate for a long time, and do not have a lot of young. Some kinds of albatrosses live up to 50 years. The oldest albatross recorded was the Northern Royal Albatross that lived for 61 years.
Before albatrosses mate, they group together and spend lots of years practicing the mating rules and special "dances" that the family is famous for.

When the albatrosses learn these kind of actions and dances, they also learn things such as pointing, calling, making noises with their bill, staring, and sometimes all of them put together. When a bird first comes it will dance with many other albatrosses, but after a few years, the number of birds it will dance with will lessen until one of the birds are chosen. After becoming a pair, they will never use that dance again.

Albatrosses have a hard time laying their children. It takes a lot of time for an albatross to lay an egg and raise a chick. The great albatrosses take over a year to raise a chick. Albatrosses lay one egg, white with reddish brown spots. But if the egg is taken by other predators or accidentally broken, the parents will not lay another egg for that whole year. The larger eggs weigh from 200–510 g (7.1–18 oz). Two albatrosses do not usually "divorce". This sometimes may happen if several years passed without being able to lay a single egg.

All the albatrosses in the south live in large nests. They make it with grass, soil, and sometimes penguin feathers. The Waved Albatross, however, does not make a nest but instead moves its egg around the pair’s territory, as much as 50 m (160 ft). This may sometimes make it lose the egg. In all albatross species, both parents incubate the egg from between one day and three weeks. Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days. This time may become more longer for the larger albatrosses. When they do this, it takes a lot of energy, and the adult can lose as much as 83 g (2.9 oz) of body weight a day.
After hatching, the chick is taken care of and guarded for three weeks until it is large enough to take care of and fight for itself. During this time the parents feed the chick small meals. After the chick has grown a little older, it is fed in bigger meals by both parents. The parents both take turns to go and find food, that are about 12% of their body weight (around 600 g (21 oz)). They find food such as fresh squid, fish and krill.

Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge (learn how to fly). In the case of more bigger albatrosses, it can take up to 280 days. And even for the smaller albatrosses, it can take from 140 to 170 days. Like many seabirds, albatross chicks later become even heavier than their mother and father. When they are preparing their body for flying, they may also grow flight feathers, which makes them sometimes as heavy as their parents. Between 15% and 65% of those who fledged survive to find their mate after. Albatross chicks learn to fly on their own. Their parents do not teach them, and instead they return to the nest even after their chick has left.

The name "albatross" came from the Arabic word "al-câdous" or "al-ġaţţās". This means a pelican, or can mean "the diver". This word later became English, also mixed with the Portuguese word "alcatraz", which means "gannet". This is also where the name of the prison Alcatraz comes from. The "OED" explains that the word "alcatraz" was at first supposed to be used for the frigatebird. But perhaps the change of the word to "albatross" was because of the Latin word "albus". This means "white", which is opposite to the frigatebirds which are black. In Portuguese, the word still presently used for the bird, "albatroz," came from the English albatross.

They were once known as Goonie birds or Gooney birds, especially the albatrosses in the North Pacific. In the southern hemisphere, most people still call the albatross mollymawk, which came from the word "malle-mugge", an old Dutch. The name "Diomedea", given to the albatrosses by Linnaeus, is from the story about the Greek warrior Diomedes becoming a bird.

Albatrosses have been described as "the most legendary of all birds". When people are sad or feel they are carrying a burden, they may use the expression 'to have an albatross around their neck'. There is a myth that sailors do not shoot or eat albatrosses because they think it will bring bad luck, but in reality sailors regularly killed and ate them. They were often thought of as the souls of lost sailors. The Māori people used the wing bones of the albatross to carve tattoos into their skin at ceremonies.

Even though they were legendary birds in many myths, albatrosses were still attacked by humans. In the beginning, Polynesians and Aleut people hunted albatrosses. As Europeans began to explore the world, they too began to hunt albatross. They "fished" for them from boats and ate them or killed them for sport.

In the Midway Islands there have been many airplane crashes because of collisions with Laysan Albatrosses, causing fatalities in both the albatross and human population. Tall towers killed 3000 birds in between the years 1964-1965. Because of this, the towers were taken down. Recently, people have tried to stop human activity in the islands and this has helped lessen the number of birds dying.

Another threat to albatrosses are introduced species, like rats or feral cats (cats that live without being cared for by people), which attack the albatross or its chicks and eggs. Albatrosses have lived on islands where there are few land mammals and they are not adapted to defend themselves against them. Even animals such as mice can be dangerous. For example, on Gough Island the chicks of Tristan Albatrosses are often attacked and eaten alive by house mice.

Sometimes albatrosses, as well as many other kinds of seabirds, are killed because they eat plastic. The amount of plastic eaten in the seas has increased very quickly since the first record in the 1960s. This is because of waste thrown overboard by ships and trash dumped in the ocean. Sometimes litter on beaches has been washed into the sea by rivers. It is impossible to digest plastic, and the undigested plastic stops other food from being digested. This makes birds starve and die. The plastic can even be vomited out and fed to the chicks by the parents. Although plastic is not the main reason why albatrosses die, it is still a serious problem.

Scientists and people who try to help albatrosses are working with governments and fishermen to stop these threats. They have come up with solutions such as fishing at night, dying the bait a blue color to hide it from the albatrosses, setting the bait under the water, and more. For example, a study by some scientists and fishermen in New Zealand tested putting the fishing lines below the reach of certain kinds of albatross species. The use of some of these ideas has been successful by stopping the number of Black-browed Albatross that died in the last 10 years. Conservationists have also worked on taking away introduced species to protect the albatrosses.

One important step towards protecting albatrosses and other seabirds is the 2001 treaty known as the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels, signed by thirteen countries, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, South Africa, France, Peru, Uruguay and the United Kingdom. One of the Agreement's key activities is to provide expert advice on seabird bycatch mitigation to fisheries managers, both in domestic and high seas fisheries.



Proxima Centauri

Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star that is likely a part of the Alpha Centauri star system and is the closest star to the Sun at a distance of 
. It is in the constellation of Centaurus.

Proxima Centauri was found to share the same proper motion as Alpha Centauri in 1915 by Robert Innes while he was Director of the Union Observatory in Johannesburg, South Africa.

In 1951, Harlow Shapley said that Proxima Centauri was a flare star. Recorded photographs showed that the star became measurably brighter about 8% of the time, making it the most active flare star then found.

Red dwarfs are usually far too faint to be seen with the naked eye, that means without a telescope. Proxima Centauri has an apparent magnitude of 11 while its absolute magnitude is a very dim 15.5. Even from Alpha Centauri A or B, Proxima would only be seen as a 5th magnitude star.

Proxima Centauri has been the closest star to the Sun for about the last 32,000 years. Barnard's Star will make its closest approach to the Sun around AD 11,700, when it approaches to within about 3.8 light-years. However, at that time, it will "not" be the nearest star, since Proxima Centauri will then have moved even closer to the Sun. Six stars will come closer to Earth in the next 45,000 years.

In 2016, an exoplanet was found by the European Southern Observatory around Proxima Centauri, Proxima Centauri b (or Proxima b). It was found in the habitable zone, and was thought to be Earth-like, with an ESI of 0.87. While being Earth-like, it may not be habitable on the surface, since Proxima Centauri gives off strong solar flares and high solar winds, which could strip away parts of the atmosphere of the planet, making it less habitable.

In October of 2016, scientists at France's CNRS research institute said that the planet may have oceans on its surface, and a thin atmosphere. If this idea is true or not is not known.

Another planet, Proxima Centauri c, much farther out than b, was discovered in 2019. It is seven times heavier (more massive) than Earth. It is too cold to be habitable. Because it showed up brighter than expected when photos of it were taken, it may have a ring system five times wider than that of Jupiter.



San Jacinto fault

The San Jacinto Fault Zone is a series of faults that run through Southern California. It is said to be a sister fault of the older, much more famous San Andreas Fault. Some cities that are directly on the fault zone include San Bernardino, San Jacinto, and Hemet. This fault could create a large earthquake that could greatly affect Greater Los Angeles.

Dhammapada

The Dhammapāda is a Buddhist scripture which includes sayings by the Gautama Buddha himself.

Chant

A chant is a type of song. It usually repeats, and is used in religious services around the world, as well as by many nonreligious groups.

Chants are also common in sport matches, usually consisting of words to do with players, football, or the team.

Habenaria mossii

Habenaria mossii is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is naturally found in South Africa. Its natural habitat is mild grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss. 


22 (number)

Twenty-two is a number. It comes between twenty-one and twenty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 11, and 22.

In Roman numerals, 22 is written as XXII.

23 (number)

Twenty-three is a natural number. It comes between twenty-two and twenty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 9th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, and 19.

Adelite

Adelite is a rare mineral. It is a calcium, magnesium, arsenate with chemical formula CaMgAsOOH. Adelite was named from the Greek word for indistinct.

It can be blueish-gray, green, gray, yellow, or light green in color. It is made of crystals. Adelite is not radioactive. It is scratched easily with apatite.

The mineral was first described in 1891 in Värmland, Sweden. It can be found in Flipistad, Sweden. 

The Naked Brothers Band

The Naked Brothers Band is a musical comedy television series that airs on Nickelodeon created by actress Polly Draper. It stars her real-life sons Nat and Alex Wolff, real-life brothers that deal with fame and living their lives as rockstars. The show is shot in the style of a documentary, which exaggerates the real musical experiences of the brothers', who self-write all of their own music. The series started in January 2007 and ended in 2009. The show began with the pilot episode "The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie", a low budget pretend documentary. It also has another movie, "Battle of the Bands". The second season of the series will started in January 2008 after the premiere of the new NBB movie "Sidekicks".

Matterhorn

The Matterhorn (in German; , or "Le Cervin") is ranked, by height, 12th mountain in the European Alps. Its height is 4,478 metres.

The mountain is on the border between Switzerland and Italy, it towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil-Cervinia in the Val Tournanche. The name of the mountain comes from the German words "Matte", meaning "valley" or "meadow", and "Horn", which means "peak".


Notes


Jura (department)

Jura is a department in the east of France in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Jura mountains.

The largest city in the department is Dole but its prefecture (capital) is the city of Lons-le-Saunier.

Historically, Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy, known in French as the Franche-Comté. Dole was the capital until the region was conquered by Louis XIV. Louis XIV moved the capital to Besançon and Dole is now a "sous-préfecture" of Jura.

As early as the 13th century, inhabitants of the southern 2/3 of Jura spoke a dialect of Arpitan language. It continued to be spoken in rural areas into the 20th century.

Jura is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790. It was created from part of the former province of Free County. The department was created with six districts: Dole, Lons-le-Saunier, Orgelet, Poligny, Saint-Claude and Salins; the capital was Lons-le-Saunier alternating with Dole, Poligny and Salins but from 1794 only Lons-le-Saunier remained as the capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Lons-le-Saunier, Dole, Poligny and Saint-Claude. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Poligny was eliminated.

Jura is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 5 departments in two regions. The Swiss canton of Vaud is to the southeast.


The highest point in the department is Crêt Pela (), high; it is also the highest mountain of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The "Crêt Pela" mountain is in the "Forêt du Massacre", Jura mountain range.

Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura department. The largest natural lake in the department is the Lac De Chalain. It is long and wide. Lac de Vouglans was formed after the building of a hydro-electric dam; it is one of the largest man-made lakes in France.

The Ain river starts in the Jura department but it is the main river of the Ain department. The Doubs also flows through a part of the department. Many tributaries of both rivers flow, partially or completely, in the Jura department.

The climate of the Jura varies greatly by elevation. The lower valleys are temperate and pleasant, but the high mountain valleys have bitterly cold winters.

Jura is managed by the "Departmental Council of Jura" in Lons-le-Saunier. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 509 "communes" (municipalities) in Jura.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Jura department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
Jura had a population, in 2014, of 260,681, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier, with 126,071 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Jura

The cities with more than inhabitants in the department are:

Jura is a wine-growing region. The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines, such as vin jaune, which is made by a similar process to sherry. It develops under a flor of yeast. This is made from the local Savagnin grape variety. Other grape varieties include Poulsard, Trousseau, and Chardonnay.

The Jura mountains provide ample opportunities for hiking, skiing, mountain biking and other winter sports.



Fray

Fray is an eight-issue comic book series. It is a spin-off of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The series is written by "Buffy" creator Joss Whedon. "Fray" tells the story of a Slayer named Melaka Fray. She is the "chosen one" in a time where vampires (called "lurks") are common, and the difference between rich and poor people is even greater. 

The series was published by Dark Horse Comics beginning in 2001. In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back. More than that, I will not say." This was repeated in 2007's Comic Con where Joss said that he would "absolutely would be returning to that world." 

The series was closely linked to the seventh season of "Buffy". It includes the Slayer's mystical scythe and her origins. Melaka Fray also appears in the story "Tales" in the comic book "Tales of the Slayers". 


Fray's scythe was used in the last three episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Buffy Summers, also a vampire Slayer, found the scythe stuck in rock in Sunnydale. The scythe was later used to create fully developed Slayers of the many Potential Slayers. It has never been stated as to how the scythe travelled from Sunnydale, California to New York City through the centuries, or who had it during that time (or how they got it).

In "Fray" it is also explained that sometime in the twenty-first century, "a Slayer, possibly with some mystical allies, faced an apocalyptic army of demons. And when it was done, they were gone. All demons, all magicks, banished from this earthly dimension,". The Slayer, whose fate is unknown, was the last to be called.

Discussing her connection to the Slayer line, Urkonn tells Melaka, "In your dreams, you're someone else. A slave. A princess. A girl in school in a sunlit city." The scar Fray has and her personality are similar to Buffy in the alternate universe created in season 3 episode "The Wish". 


Erik Satie

Erik Alfred Leslie Satie (born Honfleur (France), 17 May 1866; died Paris, 1 July 1925) was a French composer. He is mainly remembered today for his music and the strange ways he behaved. He often gave his music unusual titles such as "Piece in the form of a pear". His best known musical compositions are the three piano pieces which he called "Gymnopédies". The first of these pieces is a very famous piece of music: it is a simple tune over a gentle accompaniment. Satie sometimes used unusual instruments such as sirens and typewriters.

Satie was more than just an unusual man. He was very important in the development of music in France in the late 19th and early 20th century. He was important because of the ideas he had, and many people were influenced by him. Satie used ways of composing such as very chromatic music and Minimalism before many other people. These ways of writing music became more common later in the century. Satie was not a brilliant composer, but he was happy to compose well in a simple way. He was also interested in other arts such as literature and painting and he was associated with the new ideas called "esprit nouveau" (new spirit) which was fashionable in France around the time of World War I.

He was born Alfred Eric Leslie Satie, but as a grown-up he always spelled his name “Erik”. His father had been in the shipping business, but the family then moved to Paris. He was still quite young when his mother died and he was sent back to his birthplace, Honfleur, to be brought up by his father’s parents. However, his grandmother drowned, so he was sent back to Paris again where his father taught him. His father had married again. His new wife was a pianist and sent young Eric to have piano lessons at the Paris Conservatoire.

Satie hated his piano lessons. His teacher said that he was the laziest pupil in the Conservatoire. He was bad at sight-reading, but he continued with his lessons because this would make it possible for him to do just one year of military service instead of five. In fact, he did less than a year in the army because he deliberately got himself ill with bronchitis. While he was getting better he started to compose. His father published a few songs he had written. However, he did not get on well with his family and he left home in 1887.

Satie soon got to know many people in the famous cabaret Chat Noir. He grew his hair long and wore a frock coat and a top hat. He wrote a ballet which most people found shocking. He became friends with Debussy who was one of the only people who understood the serious reasons for Satie’s unusual behaviour.

In 1890 he moved to new rooms on a top floor of a house so that people to whom he owed money could not get at him. He tried to compose in a simple style and became interested in mystical religion and Gothic art. He inherited a small amount of money with which he bought himself seven velvet suits which were all exactly the same: one for each day of the week. He started a church called Église Métropolitaine d’Art de Jésus Conducteur (Metropolitan Church of Art of Conductor Jesus), but nobody belonged to the church except himself.

At the end of 1898 he moved to Arceuil, a suburb of Paris. He spent the rest of his life there. He stopped performing in public and earned money by playing the piano in cafés and pubs. Every morning he walked the 10 kilometres into Paris, stopping on the way at cafés to drink or compose. He wore a bowler hat, wing collar and always carried a rolled-up umbrella. If it was raining he kept his umbrella underneath his coat to keep it dry. He also carried a hammer in case anyone attacked him. Late at night he walked home again or took the last train back. His flat was a terrible mess.

In 1905, at the age of 39, he became a student again and studied music at the Schola Cantorum. He wanted to become a better composer. He learned how to write fugues. He still liked to use parody in his music.

In 1911 Maurice Ravel played some of Satie’s piano pieces in public. Suddenly people began to take notice of Satie. They realized that he had been one of the first Impressionist composers. Debussy conducted his "Gymnopédies" in his arrangement for orchestra. Music critics started to write articles about Satie. He was at last becoming famous. He had some humorous piano pieces published. He was earning some money from his compositions, so he was able to give up playing in cabarets. He met Jean Cocteau who introduced him to Diaghilev for whom he wrote the music for "Parade". Some people loved it, some hated it, but people were taking notice of him. He was asked to write more theatre music. He was a very important influence on the six composers who were known as Les Six. He was asked to write a symphonic drama which he called "Socrate". Many musicians think it is his best piece.

In the 1920s he wrote many articles for newspapers and journals and became associated with the art movement known as Dada. His ballets "Relâche" and "Mercure" both shocked the audiences when they were first performed. "Relâche" is an early example of what later became the theatre of alienation.

Satie drank a lot of alcohol and became ill. He got cirrhosis of the liver and died in 1925. When his friends entered his flat after he died, there was so much mess that they had to throw away two cartloads of rubbish before they could get at his papers and manuscripts.

Satie was involved with dance, theatre and cabaret for most of his life and that is what much of his music is written for. He was always trying out new ideas in his music. He was capable of writing in a late Romantic style with chromatic harmonies, but he also wrote in more modern styles, often using very simple ideas. He was always more interested in beautiful melodies than in writing complicated rhythms. His three "Gymnopédies" are still extremely popular. They seem to come from an old-fashioned world where there is great simplicity. His three "Gnossiennes" (1890) sound more Oriental, and Satie wrote some very strange remarks in the music. His piano piece "Vexations" (1893) is a short piece with strange, chromatic chords, which the pianist is then supposed to play 840 times. "Uspud" was an early example of what later became the “Theatre of the Absurd”. The text was all written in lower-case letters: the first time this had ever been done. He wrote many cabaret songs.

Later, after he had studied at the Schola Cantorum, he became famous, and then wrote lots of piano pieces with funny titles and strange comments (e.g. “like a nightingale with toothache”). "Parade" has strange instruments such as typewriters. "Socrate" was his most serious work.

After his death all the people he had insulted wrote about Satie that he was a bad composer. As a result he was almost forgotten until the 1960s when John Cage became interested in his music and made it popular again. Many Surrealist artists were often inspired by Satie’s music and ideas.

Arachniodes

Arachniodes is a genus of fern in family Dryopteridaceae. It has the following species (but this list may not have all species):

Dryopteridaceae

The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns that can be found almost anywhere on the world.

Many are cultivated as ornamental plants.

Grain size

Particle size, also called grain size, means the diameter of individual grains of sediment, or the lithified particles in clastic rocks. The term may also be used for other granular materials.

In some schemes "gravel" is anything larger than sand (>2.0 mm), and includes "granule", "pebble", "cobble", and "boulder" in the above table. In this scheme, "pebble" covers the size range 4 to 64 mm (−2 to −6 φ).


Rock flour

Rock flour, or glacial flour, consists of clay-sized particles of rock, generated by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size. Because the material is very small, it is suspended in river water making the water appear cloudy. If the river flows into a glacial lake, the lake may appear turquoise in color as a result. Examples of this are Lake Louise, Canada and Gjende lake in Norway.

Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil. An early experimeter was the German miller Julius Hensel, author of "Bread from Stones", who reported successful results with "steinmehl" (stonemeal) in the 1890s. His ideas were not taken up through technical limitations and, according to proponents of his method, opposition from the champions of conventional fertilisers.


Virginia opossum

The Virginia opossum ("Didelphis virginiana") is the only species of North American marsupial. It is sometimes called a possum, but that refers more correctly to a group of Australian marsupials. 

An opossum is about the size of a house cat. It has grizzled white and gray fur. Adult opossums weigh about 2-6 kg (4-14 lbs). They live alone, are active at night, and they are good climbers.

People can find this opossum in the eastern United States, and along the west coast from British Columbia and to Baja California. They like to live in forests, brushy areas, and farmland.

Motor ship

A motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine, usually a diesel engine. The name of motor ships are often prefixed with MS or M/S.

24 (number)

Twenty-four is a number. It comes between twenty-three and twenty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24.

"24" is also the name of a popular television show in the United States.

25 (number)

Twenty-five is a number. It comes between twenty-four and twenty-six, and is an odd number. It is also the 5th square number, after 1, 4, 9, and 16.

Passo de Camaragibe

Passo de Camaragibe is a municipality in Brazil. It is on the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas. About 13,544 people live there (2005). Its area is .

Radlin

Radlin is a town in Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with about 17,673 people (2004).


Particle size (general)

The term particle size is used to compare dimensions of different small material objects.

Larger objects are usually called stone, rock, a piece of something, etc. The term "particle" indicates small size, usually less than centimeter. Particle might be either solid, or liquid, or even gas. Liquid particles are called "droplets". Gaseous particles are "bubbles". All of them can be characterised in terms of size.


But a typical material object is likely to be irregular in shape. This causes ambiguity in definition of "particle size". Existing definitions are based on replacent of a given particle with imaginary sphere that has one of the properties identical with the particle.


Chichester

Chichester is a small cathedral city in West Sussex, England, with a population of 26,795 (2011 Census). It is quite near the sea, and near to a harbour for yachts.

The City of Chichester is twinned with:

There are many buildings in the centre of Chichester which have interesting architecture. The oldest building is Chichester Cathedral. There are many beautiful houses in the Cathedral precincts. In many parts of the city one can still see the old city walls, and it is possible to walk along the top in some places. There is an old butter market dating from 1808. A century later another storey was added on top.

Just to the north of Chichester is the Goodwood race course. Many people go there in the summer to watch the horse races. Goodwood is in the South Downs which is a beautiful area for walking.

Chichester is an old Roman town. In the centre of Chichester are four main streets: North Street, South Street, East Street and West Street. These four streets meet in the centre, where there is a small round building with a cross: the Chichester cross. The four main streets form an area which is mostly pedestrianized. Chichester Cathedral stands near the centre, between West Street and South Street. Further to the north lies the area of Summersdale and the conservation area around Graylingwell Hospital. South of Chichester is a canal which links the city to the sea. Soon after it was built in the 19th century the railway came to Chichester so that the canal was not used for long. The canal was left in a bad state for many years until, more recently, it was restored. Some of it can be used by small boats, and there are reedbeds where birds can breed.

There is a Roman Museum near Fishbourne, just west of the city, where many Roman remains can be seen, including a palace which once stood there.

Chichester is a Fairtrade City. Suppliers of Fairtrade are shown by a green dot in the web directory.

Because Chichester is so historic it has been divided into eight conservation areas. People are very anxious that the town should not lose its historic character.

Every year in July, a three-week festival, the Chichester Festivities, takes place. Then in August since 2007 there has been a week long I AM JOY Arts and Music festival held across different venues in the city. The Chichester Festival Theatre has productions for most of the year. It is one of the most famous theatres outside London.

Pallant House Gallery won the 2007 gallery of the year Gulbenkian Prize. It has a lot of modern British art.

The Joy Gallery, open from December 2008 to November 2009, showcased emerging and established artists from the local area.

Chichester has its own amateur orchestra, the Chichester Symphony Orchestra, which gives three concerts during the year.

Chichester RAJF (From "Real Ale and Jazz Festival") gives a four-day festival of music and real ale held each July in tents beside the 13th century Guildhall in Priory Park.

There is plenty of sport in Chichester. Chichester R.F.C. are a central team and rugby club. There is a large swimming pool with fitness rooms and sports hall. There are tennis courts near the Festival Theatre.

Chichester has several schools, including Chichester High School for Boys, Chichester High School for Girls, Bishop Luffa School and Prebendal School which is linked to the Cathedral. There is a University of Chichester which, until recently, was known as Bishop Otter College.

Several roads lead into Chichester. The A27, which runs along the south coast, now bypasses the city. There are rail links to London, Gatwick, Portsmouth, Southampton and Basingstoke. Many years ago there was a small train which went to Midhurst, and even a tram to Selsey. Nowadays busses go to these towns. They depart from the central bus station near the railway station.


Admontite

Admontite is a mineral that is colorless in color and is made of crystals. It is named for Admont, Austria, which is where they found the first example of it. They found the first example of it in a gypsum deposit. Gypsum and calcite both easily scratch this mineral, and it easily breaks as well. Admontite is not radioactive. Admontite is not edible.

Hydrology

Hydrology is the study of movement, distribution, and quality of water throughout the Earth. A person who studies hydrology is called a hydrologist.

The central theme of hydrology is how the water circulates. This is called the water cycle. The most vivid illustration of it is the water evaporation from the ocean with the formation of clouds. These clouds drift over the land and produce rain.


Semicircle

In geometry, a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle. Being half of a circle's 360° (360 degrees), the arc of a semicircle always measures 180°. A triangle inscribed in a semicircle is always a right triangle.


Hurricane Camille

Hurricane Camille was the third named storm and second hurricane of the 1969 Atlantic hurricane season. Camille was the second of three Category 5 hurricanes to make landfall in the United States during the 20th century, which it did near the mouth of the Mississippi River on the night of August 17, resulting in catastrophic damage.

The storm formed on August 14 and rapidly deepened. It scraped the western edge of Cuba at Category 3 strength. Camille strengthened further over the Gulf of Mexico and made landfall with a pressure of 900 mbar (hPa), estimated sustained winds of 200;mph (305 km/h), and a peak storm surge of 24 feet (7.3 m); by maximum sustained wind speeds, Camille was the strongest landfalling tropical cyclone recorded worldwide, and one of only four tropical cyclones worldwide ever to achieve wind speeds of 190 mph. The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of the U.S. state of Mississippi, and caused additional flooding and deaths inland while crossing the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia. In total, Camille killed 259 people and caused $1.42 billion (1969 USD, $9.14 billion 2005 USD) in damages.


1935 Labor Day hurricane

The Labor Day Hurricane of 1935 was the strongest tropical cyclone during the 1935 Atlantic hurricane season. The second tropical cyclone, second hurricane, and second intense hurricane of the season was the most intense Atlantic hurricane that affected the United States, and it remains the first of three Category 5 hurricanes that struck the country. After forming as a weak tropical storm east of the Bahamas on August 29, it slowly proceeded westward, became a hurricane on September 1, and underwent rapid intensification prior to striking the upper Florida Keys on September 2. After landfall at its peak intensity, it continued northwest along the Florida west coast, and it weakened prior to landfall near Cedar Key on September 4.

The large and strong hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, and a storm surge about 18 to 20 feet affected the region. The hurricane's strong winds destroyed most of the buildings in the Islamorada area, and many World War I veteran workers were killed by the storm surge. Portions of the Key West Extension of the Florida East Coast Railroad were severely damaged or destroyed. The hurricane also caused additional damage in northwest Florida, Georgia, and the Carolinas. In total, more than 400 people were killed.


Vahan Totovents

Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents (; September 1, 1889 - July 18, 1938) was an Armenian writer, poet and public activist.

Vahan Totovents was born in Mezire, Western Armenia (modern Turkey). He studied in Armenia and Istanbul, then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915.

He was a volunteer in the Caucasian front during World War I, and served as the bodyguard and translator for the secretary of General Andranik Ozanian, about whom he wrote memoires and published them in 1920. In Tbilisi Totovents edited the "Hayastan" paper, the official organ of Andranik.

Since 1922 he lived in Yerevan, Soviet Armenia. In 1938 he became a victim of Stalinism.

The works of Totovents were published from 1907. He is the author of "Doctor Burbonian" (1918), "Death battalion" (1923), "New York" (1927), "Baku" (v. 1-3, 1930-34), "Jonathan, Son of Jeremiah" novels, stories and dramas. He influenced to Armenian literature especially by his "Life on the Old Roman Road" autobiographical novel (1930, "A piece of sky" film by Henrik Malian) which "reflect the society, culture, and mores not only of the Armenians of his childhood but also of their neighbors in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire".


Leonid Azkaldian

Leonid Azkaldian (; November 22, 1942 in Tbilisi – June 21, 1992 in Martakert) was an Armenian physicist and one of the founders and the commander of "Liberation Army" military organization. 

Leonid Azkaldian was born on November 22, 1942, in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR. In 1959, he graduated from Askanaz Mravyan school and in 1960, he was admitted into Physics Department of Moscow State University. He later transferred and graduated with honors from the same department of Yerevan State University. After graduation, he worked in many spheres in national economy of USSR.

Leonid Azkaldian was one of the creators of Karabakh movement and a military leader. From February of 1990, he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh (a part of Azerbaijan). In June, 1991, with Hovsep Hovsepyan co-founded and commanded the "Liberation army" military organization whose goal was to preserve the self-determination and defense of the local Armenian population of Nagorno-Karabakh. He was killed in 21 June, 1992 in the Tonashen village of Martakert region of occupied Nagorno-Karabakh. After his death, he was awarded with the Order of the Combat Cross of the First Degree.


Central United States

The Central United States is sometimes conceived as between the Eastern United States and Western United States as part of a three-region model, roughly coincident with the Midwestern United States plus the western and central portions of the Southern United States; the term is also sometimes used more or less as a synonym for the Midwest, leaving out all or most of the South. 

The Census Bureau does not provide a standard definition of "Central" region of the United States, and organizations that need to subdivide the US are free to define a "Central" region to fit their needs.


International Committee of the Red Cross

The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is a "private" humanitarian organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland.

The ICRC has a special job, based on the Geneva Conventions as well as other international humanitarian law, to protect the victims of international and internal armed conflicts. This includes people hurt in war, prisoners, refugees, civilians, and other non-combatants. But the ICRC is a private organisation. It is not controlled by any government, group of governments or international organisation

It is the oldest organisation within the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and one of the most widely recognized organisations in the world. It is also the most honoured. The ICRC has won three Nobel Peace Prizes; in 1917, 1944, and 1963.

Up until the middle of the 19th century, there was no organized army nursing for casualties and no safe place to house and treat the injured soldiers.

Swiss businessman Henry Dunant saw the Battle of Solferino, in the Austro-Sardinian War. The battle only lasted one day, but about 40,000 soldiers on both sides were killed or were left severely hurt on the battlefield.

Dunant was shocked by the suffering of the wounded soldiers, and the lack of medical help. He cancelled his trip to see Emperor Napoleon III and spent several days helping to treat and care for the wounded.

He wrote a book about what he saw, called "A Memory of Solferino". he published it with his own money in 1862, and sent copies of the book to leading political and military figures throughout Europe. The book did not only describe what Dunant saw, but called for the setting up of national voluntary relief organisations to help nurse wounded soldiers in the case of war. Dunant also called for international treaties to guarantee the neutrality and protection for the wounded and for medics and field hospitals.
The Geneva Society for Public Welfare set up a committee to try to organise an international conference about Dunant's idea. The "Committee of the Five" met on 9 February 1863, the members were:

The committee soon changed its name to the "International Committee for Relief to the Wounded".

In October 1863, the international conference it organised took place in Geneva to talk about improving medical services on the battle field.

31 people joined the committee at the conference: eighteen official delegates from national governments, six delegates from other non-governmental organisations, and seven non-official foreign delegates. The official delegates came from:
The conference wanted:


Only one year later, the Swiss government invited the governments of all European countries, as well as the United States, Brazil, and Mexico, to attend an official diplomatic conference. Sixteen countries sent a total of twenty-six delegates to Geneva. On 22 August 1864, the conference adopted the first Geneva Convention "for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field". Representatives of 12 states and kingdoms signed the convention: Baden, Belgium, Denmark, France, Hesse, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Prussia, Switzerland, Spain, and Württemberg. The convention contained ten articles, establishing for the first time legally binding rules guaranteeing neutrality and protection for wounded soldiers, field medical personnel, and specific humanitarian institutions in an armed conflict.

Also, the convention had two requirements before a national relief society would be recognised by the International Committee:


The first national societies were founded in Belgium, Denmark, France, Oldenburg, Prussia, Spain, and Württemberg. Also in 1864, Louis Appia and Charles van de Velde, a captain of the Dutch Army, became the first independent and neutral delegates to work under the symbol of the Red Cross in an armed conflict. Three years later in 1867, the first International Conference of National Aid Societies for the Nursing of the War Wounded was convened.

Dunant left the committee in 1867 after arguing with other members. In 1876, the committee changed its name to the"International Committee of the Red Cross" (ICRC), which is still its official name today. Five years later, the American Red Cross was founded through the efforts of Clara Barton. More and more countries signed the Geneva Convention and began to respect it in practice during armed conflicts. The Red Cross quickly became an internationally respected movement, and the national societies became increasingly popular as a venue for volunteer work.

When the first Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1901, the Norwegian Nobel Committee opted to give it to Henry Dunant and Frédéric Passy, a leading campaigner against war. The International Committee of the Red Cross officially congratulated Dunant and was a tribute to his key role in the formation of the Red Cross. Dunant died nine years later in the small Swiss health resort of Heiden. Only two months earlier his former friend and committee member Gustave Moynier had also died.

By the start of the First World War in 1914, there were 45 national relief societies throughout the world. The movement had grown beyond Europe and North America to Central and South America (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Mexico, Peru, El Salvador, Uruguay, Venezuela), Asia (the Republic of China, Japan, Korea, Siam), and Africa (Republic of South Africa). The Geneva Convention had been changed to include fighting at sea as well as on land.

In World War I Red Cross nurses came from around the world, including the United States and Japan, came to help the medical services of the armed forces of the countries involved in the war in Europe.

On 15 October 1914, immediately after the start of the war, the ICRC set up its International Prisoners-of-War (POW) Agency. By the end of the war, the Agency had sent about 20 million letters and messages, 1.9 million parcels, and about 18 million Swiss francs to POWs of all affected countries. The Agency also arranged for about 200,000 prisoners to be released and returned to their home country. The Agency collected about 7 million records from 1914 to 1923 about prisoners or missing people. The card index helped to identify about 2 million POWs and to contact their families. The complete index of 7 million cards is on loan from the ICRC to the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Museum in Geneva. But only ICRC can search the index.

The ICRC got the only Nobel Peace Prize of the war years, in 1917, for its outstanding wartime work.

In 1923, the Committee changed its membership rules. Until then, only citizens of the city of Geneva could serve in the Committee. This was changed to include all citizens of Switzerland by birth. This is still the rule today, and is designed to show that the ICRC is neutral, and that committee members and workers have never been citizens of a country that might be involved in a war. Only in 1993 were non-Swiss-born people allowed to work for the committee.

In 1934 the ICRC tried to get extra protection for civilians during war. Unfortunately most governments were not interested in adopting the extra rules before the start of World War II.

The Geneva Conventions, as amended in 1929, governed what the ICRC did. revision . The activities of the Committee were similar to those during World War I: 

By the end of the war, 179 delegates had conducted 12,750 visits to POW camps in 41 countries. The Central Information Agency on Prisoners-of-War ("Zentralauskunftsstelle für Kriegsgefangene") had a staff of 3,000, the card index tracking prisoners contained 45 million cards (more than 6 times as many as world war 1), and 120 million messages were exchanged by the Agency.

The German Red Cross was controlled by the Nazis, and would not uphold the Geneva conventions which may have helped stop the deportation of Jews from Germany and the mass murders conducted in the concentration camps run by the German government.

Two other main countries in the war, the Soviet Union and Japan, were not party to the 1929 Geneva Conventions and were not legally required to follow the rules of the conventions. Thus, other countries were not bound to follow the Conventions regarding their prisoners in return.

The ICRC had to stop complaining about the treatment of detainees in concentration camps in case the ICRC was stopped from working for POWs.

After November 1943, the ICRC could send parcels to concentration camp detainees with known names and locations. Because the notices of receipt for these parcels were often signed by other inmates, the ICRC managed to register the identities of about 105,000 detainees in the concentration camps and delivered about 1.1 million parcels, mostly to the camps Dachau, Buchenwald, Ravensbrück, and Sachsenhausen.

On 12 March 1945, ICRC president Jacob Burckhardt was told by SS General Ernst Kaltenbrunner that the ICRC's delegates could visit the concentration camps, but the delegates would have to stay in the camps until the end of the war. Ten delegates, among them Louis Haefliger (Camp Mauthausen), Paul Dunant (Camp Theresienstadt) and Victor Maurer (Camp Dachau), visited the camps.

Louis Haefliger told American troops about the forceful eviction or blasting of Mauthausen-Gusen and saved the lives of about 60,000 inmates. His actions were condemned by the ICRC because they were deemed as acting unduly on his own authority and risking the ICRC's neutrality. Only in 1990, his reputation was finally rehabilitated by ICRC president Cornelio Sommaruga.

Another example of great humanitarian spirit was Friedrich Born (1903-1963), an ICRC delegate in Budapest who saved the lives of about 11,000 to 15,000 Jewish people in Hungary. Marcel Junod (1904-1961), a doctor from Geneva, was another famous delegate during the Second World War. He was one of the first foreigners to visit Hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped, and wrote his thoughts in his book "Warrior without Weapons".

In 1944, the ICRC got its third Nobel Peace Prize.

On 12 August 1949, the existing two Geneva Conventions were changed, and the Hague Convention about casualties at sea was brought into the Geneva Convention "family". It was renamed the Second Geneva Covention, and so the second convention of 1929 is now called the third convention. The Fourth Geneva Convention, about the "Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War," was established. On 8 June 1977 extra article "protocols" were added to make the conventions apply to internal conflicts such as civil wars.

In 1963, the ICRC shared its third Nobel Peace Prize with the League of Red Cross Societies.

Since 1993, non-Swiss citizens have been allowed to serve as Committee delegates abroad, a task which was previously restricted to Swiss citizens. Now about one third of staff are not Swiss citizens.

On 16 October 1990, the UN General Assembly gave the ICRC observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status given to a private organization. The resolution was jointly proposed by 138 member states and introduced by the Italian ambassador, Vieri Traxler, in memory of the organization's origins in the Battle of Solferino.

An agreement with the Swiss government signed on 19 March 1993, affirmed the already long-standing policy of full independence of the Committee from any interference by Switzerland. The agreement protects the full sanctity of all ICRC property in Switzerland including its headquarters and archive, grants members and staff legal immunity, exempts the ICRC from all taxes and fees, guarantees the protected and duty-free transfer of goods, services, and money, provides the ICRC with secure communication privileges at the same level as foreign embassies, and simplifies Committee travel in and out of Switzerland.

The ICRC continued its activities throughout the 1990s. It broke its usual silence when it denounced the Rwandan Genocide in 1994, and again in 1995 about the crimes that happened in and around Srebrenica when it said, "We must acknowledge that despite our efforts to help thousands of civilians forcibly expelled from the town and despite the dedication of our colleagues on the spot, the ICRC's impact on the unfolding of the tragedy was extremely limited." It went public once again in 2007 to decry "major human rights abuses" by Burma's military government including forced labor, starvation, and murder of men, women, and children.

At the end of the Cold War, the ICRC's work actually became more dangerous. In the 1990s, more delegates lost their lives than at any point in its history, especially when working in local and internal armed conflicts. These incidents often demonstrated a lack of respect for the rules of the Geneva Conventions and their protection symbols. Among the slain delegates were:


The original motto of the International Committee of the Red Cross was "Inter Arma Caritas" ("Amidst War, Charity"). It has preserved this motto while other Red Cross organizations have adopted others. Because Geneva is in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, the ICRC is also known under its French name "Comité international de la Croix-Rouge" (CICR). However, the ICRC has six official languages, including Arabic. The official symbol of the ICRC is the Red Cross on white background (the inverse of the Swiss flag)with the words "COMITE INTERNATIONAL GENEVE" circling the cross.

The ICRC drew up seven fundamental principles in 1965 that were adopted by the entire Red Cross Movement. They are 

The 2005 budget of the ICRC was about 970 million Swiss francs. All payments to the ICRC are voluntary and are received as donations based on two types of appeals issued by the Committee: an annual "Headquarters Appeal" to cover its internal costs and "Emergency Appeals" for its individual missions.

Most of the ICRC's funding comes from Switzerland and the United States, with the other European states and the E.U. close behind. Together with Australia, Canada, Japan, and New Zealand, they contribute about 80-85% of the ICRC's budget. About 3% comes from private gifts, and the rest comes from national Red Cross societies.

The ICRC is responsible for legally recognizing a relief society as an official national Red Cross or Red Crescent society and thus accepting it into the Movement. The exact rules are in the statutes of the Movement. After recognition by the ICRC, a national society is admitted as a member to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent societies. The ICRC and the Federation cooperate with the individual national societies in their international missions, especially with human, material, and financial resources and organizing on-site logistics. According to the 1997 Seville Agreement, the ICRC is the lead Red Cross agency in conflicts while other organizations within the Movement take the lead in non-war situations. National societies will be given the lead especially when a conflict is happening within their own country.

The ICRC headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. It has other offices, called "Delegations", in about 80 countries. Each delegation is under the responsibility of a Head of delegation who is the official representative of the ICRC in the country. Of its 2,000 professional employees, roughly 800 work in its Geneva headquarters and 1,200 expatriates work in the field. About half of the field workers serve as delegates managing ICRC operations in the different countries while the other half are specialists like doctors, agronomists, engineers or interpreters. The international staff are assisted by some 13,000 national employees, so about 15,000 people work for the ICRC.

The Directorate is the executive body of the Committee.It carries out the policies set by the assembly.

The Directorate consists of a Director-General and five directors in the areas of "Operations", "Human Resources", "Resources and Operational Support", "Communication", and "International Law and Cooperation within the Movement". The members of the Directorate are appointed by the Assembly to serve for four years. The Director-General has assumed more personal responsibility in recent years, much like a CEO, where he was formerly more of a first among equals at the Directorate.

The Assembly (also called the Committee) convenes on a regular basis and is responsible for defining aims, guidelines, and strategies and for supervising the financial matters of the Committee. The Assembly has a membership of a maximum of 25 Swiss citizens. Members must speak the house language of French, but many also speak English and German as well. These Assembly members are co-opted for a period of four years, and there is no limit to the number of terms an individual member can serve. A three-quarters majority vote from all members is required for re-election after the third term, which acts as a motivation for members to remain active and productive.

In the early years, every Committee member was Genevan, Protestant, white, and male. The first woman, Renée-Marguerite Cramer, was co-opted in 1918. Since then, several women have attained the Vice Presidency, and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15%. The first non-Genevans were admitted in 1923, and one Jew has served in the Assembly.

While the rest of the Red Cross Movement many be multi-national, the Committee believes that its mono-national nature is an asset because the nationality in question is Swiss. Thanks to permanent Swiss neutrality, conflicting parties can be sure that no one from "the enemy" will be setting policy in Geneva. The Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 showed that even National Red Cross Societies can be biased and not maintain neutral humanitarianism.
Furthermore, the Assembly elects a five-member Assembly Council that constitutes an especially active core of the Assembly. The Council meets at least ten times per year and has the authority to decide on behalf of the full Assembly in some matters. The Council is also responsible for organizing the Assembly meetings and for helping communication between the Assembly and the Directorate. The Assembly Council normally includes the president, two vice presidents and two elected members. While one of the vice presidents is elected for a four-year term, the other is appointed permanently with his tenure ending by retirement from the vice presidency or from the Committee. Currently Jacques Forster and Olivier Vodoz are vice presidents. In April 2007, Christine Beerli was appointed to succeed Jacques Forster from the beginning of 2008.

The Assembly also selects, for a term of four years, one individual to act as President of the ICRC. The president is both a member of the Assembly and leader of the ICRC, and he has always been included on the Council since its formation. The President automatically becomes a member of the assembly and the ICRC once he is appointed, but he does not necessarily come from within the ICRC organization. There is a strong faction within the Assembly that wants to reach outside the organization to select a president from the Swiss government or professional circles like the banking or medical fields. In fact, the last three presidents were previously officials in the Swiss government. The president's influence and role is not well-defined, and changes depending upon the times and each president's personal style. Since 2000, the president of the ICRC has been Jakob Kellenberger. Kellenberger does not make many public appearances or statements but is good at personal negotiation promoting the ICRC privately. In February 2007, he was appointed by the Assembly to another four-year term which will run until the end of 2011.

The presidents of the ICRC have been:

The ICRC tends to work quietly and not attract publicity, unlike some other aid agencies. This way it was been able to get access to, for example, Nelson Mandela, when he was still a prisoner of the apartheid government of South Africa.




Meridian, Mississippi

Meridian is the county seat and the most populous city of Lauderdale County in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the eighth most populous city in the state (after Jackson, Gulfport, Southaven, Biloxi, Hattiesburg, Olive Branch and Tupelo) and the principal city of the Meridian, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area. it serves as a hub for the Eastern Mississippi region. The population was 35,052 at the 2020 census. Many people moved there for a short time after Hurricane Katrina.


Hydrometeorological Prediction Center

The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (a.k.a. HPC) is one of nine Service Centers that are part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP), which is part of the National Weather Service, which in turn is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) of the U.S. government.

The HPC serves as a center of excellence in Quantitative Precipitation Forecasting, Medium Range Forecasting (three to seven days) and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models.

The HPC issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the United States. Advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland and are no longer the responsibility of the National Hurricane Center. The HPC also acts as the backup office to the National Hurricane Center in the event of a complete communications failure.

The HPC was created in October 1995, when the former National Meteorological Center was reorganised into the NCEP. It is based at the World Weather Building in Camp Springs, Maryland, along with a few of the other National Centers such as the Climate Prediction Center (CPC), the Ocean Prediction Center (OPC), and the Environmental Modeling Center (EMC).


Côte-Nord

Côte-Nord (French for "Northern Coast", area 247,627.06 km², or 95,609.34 sq mi) is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec, Canada. It covers much of the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River's estuary and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence past Tadoussac. At the 2006 census it had a resident population of 95,911 inhabitants.


Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean

Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean is a region in Quebec, Canada.

Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana

Plaquemines Parish (Cajun French: "Paroisse Plaquemine") is the parish with the biggest combined land and water area in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The parish seat is Pointe à la Hache. As of 2020, the parish's population was 23,515.

The name is pronounced (transcription in IPA).

Naiad (moon)

Naiad or Neptune III is the closest moon to Neptune named after the Naiads of Greek legend. It was found sometime before mid-September, 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. The last moon to be discovered during the flyby, it was designated S/1989 N 6. Naiad is not a sphere and probably has not been changed by any internal geological processes after its formation. It orbits about 23,500 km above Neptune's cloud tops. 

Since the "Voyager 2" flyby, the Neptune system has been studied a lot from ground-based observatories and the Hubble Space Telescope as well. In 2002-03, Keck telescope looked at the system using adaptive optics and detected easily the biggest four closer satellites. Thalassa was found with some image processing, but Naiad was not located.


Tamsui

Tamsui (Chinese: 淡水鎮, Taiwanese: Tām-súi/Tām-chúi, Tongyong Pinyin: Danshuei, Hanyu Pinyin: Danshui) is a sea-side town in Taipei County, Taiwan. The town has a population of 130,105 people. It is named after a river whose name means "Freshwater". The town is also popular as a site for viewing the sun setting into the Taiwan Strait. There are three universities in this small town.

Lovisa Aarberg

Lovisa Aarberg "(from 1803 -1866)" was a Swedish surgeon and doctor. 

She and Kisamor were the first female doctors in Sweden. She was a doctor and a surgeon long before it was permitted for women. In Sweden, her name is spelled as Lovisa Årberg, and she was often called "Jungfru Årberg", which means "Maiden Årberg" in English.

Lovisa Årberg was born in Uppsala. Her mother often nursed sick people, and when Lovisa was a child, she followed her mother to the hospitals. She learned a lot about sickness and medicine and how to cure and nurse sick people, and often helped people she knew when they were sick. 

When she was an adult, she moved to Stockholm and became a maid. People had heard that she was good at helping sick people, and often came and asked her for help. Soon, even rich people started to ask her for help. The paid her money when she cured them, so she could stop being a maid and could start to work as a doctor instead. Lovisa then opened her own clinic and started to work as a doctor and a surgeon. 

She opened her clinic and started to work as a doctor in the 1820s. In the 1820s, it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor. The male doctors did not like that a woman worked as a doctor, and the government was worried that she might hurt her patients as she had never learned medicine at a university. But when they examined her, they found out that she was a very good doctor, and that she had all the knowledge that the male doctors had. 

So instead, they gave her a medal and special permission to work as a surgeon and a doctor. She continued to work as a doctor for forty years, until the 1860s. She gave treatment to poor people, even when they did not have the money to pay her. She was a popular doctor, and many people asked her for help. She worked very hard until she became unhealthy, so she often had to take time to rest.


Kisamor

Kisamor, (1788-1842), was a famous female doctor in Sweden. Her real name was Maria Jansson, but she was always called Kisamor. Kisamor means "The Mother in Kisa" in English, and Kisa was the place were she worked. She was a doctor before it was allowed for a woman to be a doctor, and she is the most famous woman doctor in Sweden in the 19th century.

She was born in Örebro. Her father was a doctor in natural medicine, and she wanted to become one too. But her father wouldn't let her. Instead, her forced her to marry a farmer. The marriage became unhappy, and she divorced her husband.

She often visited sick people and worked as a doctor in natural medicine. One day, she was given a house in Östergötland as a gift by some rich women after she had made them well after sickness. She visited the sick in their cottages, and sometimes they came to her in the inn called Kisa, and therefore, she was called "The Mother in Kisa".

She became famous, and people came to her from all over the country to ask her for help. In 1825, she was given special permission to work as a doctor, even though it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor.




Amalia Lindegren

Amalia Euphrosyne Lindegren (22 May 1814 – 27 December 1891) was a famous Swedish painter.
She became an orphan when her mother died in 1817. Then, she was adopted by the widow of Benjamin Sandel. Benjamin Sandel is thought to have been her real father.

Amalia liked to draw and wanted to become an artist. When the artist Qvarnström saw her drawings, he got her a permission to study art at the Swedish Academy of Arts in 1849. They thought she was very promising and had great talent. In 1850, she became the first woman who got a scholarship by the Academy to study art in Paris.

In 1856, she was elected to become a member in to the Swedish Academy of Arts. She showed people her paintings in the exhibitions in Paris in 1867, Philadelphia in 1876, and in Chicago in 1893.



Thalassa (moon)

Thalassa or Neptune IV, is the second closest moon to Neptune. It was named after a daughter of Aether and Hemera from Greek mythology.
"Thalassa" is also the Greek word for "sea".

Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September, 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 5. The discovery was said (IAUC 4867) on September 29, 1989, but the text only talks of "25 frames taken over 11 days", giving a discovery date of sometime before September 18. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

Thalassa is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes. Unusually for a non-spherical moon, it appears to be oddly shaped not able to be explained.


Bayerischer Rundfunk

Bayerischer Rundfunk is the main German radio and television broadcasting company for Bavaria. It is a member of the ARD public broadcasting group.

It includes the following broadcasting services:

the radio stations
and the TV channels

Circadian rhythm sleep disorder

Circadian rhythm sleep disorders happen when the circadian rhythm is not working correctly. They make people sleep and wake at times that are not normal, but these people usually have 8 hours of good sleep. These disorders affect other systems in the body, too, and not just sleep. Circadian rhythms also control appetite, body temperature rhythm and hormone cycles.

"Extrinsic" means something which comes from outside rather than from within a system or an organism. There are two circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the extrinsic type:

Jet Lag often affects people who have travelled several hours east or west, through several time zones. It may take many days for the body to adjust. The name "jet lag" comes from travelling by jet aircraft.

Many people have health problems when they work a shift during the times when their circadian rhythms say that they should be asleep. Most people who work later than midnight find it difficult to stay awake.

"Intrinsic" means something which happens or comes from within a system or an organism. There are four circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the intrinsic type. Unless they are caused by a head injury, they are usually genetic, that is, people are born with them. They are generally chronic; they do not go away, but they may sometimes be treated.

Advanced sleep-phase syndrome (ASPS) is very rare. People with this syndrome are sleepy very early in the evening and they sleep from about 19:00-20:00 in the evening to about 03:00-04:00 in the early morning. Often several people in the same family have ASPS.

Delayed sleep-phase syndrome (DSPS) is more common than ASPS and it affects about 0.15% of adults. It usually starts in early childhood or at puberty. Some cases that start at puberty go away when the person is about 20 or 21 years old. DSPS is much more common in teenagers than in adults. DSPS in people older than about 20 usually will have it all their lives, that is, it is chronic.

People with DSPS cannot go to sleep before 03:00-06:00 in the morning, or even later. They cannot wake up in time for school or a job which starts in the morning. They can go to sleep at the same time every night and get up at the same time each day. This means that they are "entrained" (adjusted, synchronized) to the daily light/dark cycle. Even when they try to sleep at "normal" times, they feel most awake late at night.

Non-24-hour sleep-wake syndrome (Non-24) is quite rare. People with Non-24 have very unusual sleep timing. Their sleep and wake times are not regulated by daylight; they are not "entrained" (adjusted, synchronized) to the daily light/dark cycle. This is called freerunning sleep.

The worst circadian rhythm sleep disorder in people who can see is Non-24; their "daily" rhythm lasts 25 hours or more so they sleep and wake up one or more hours later each day. Appetite, body temperature rhythm and hormone cycles all keep moving around the clock, coming back to the same time after a few weeks.

About half of totally blind people, who can see no light at all, have Non-24. Their daily rhythm is not exactly 24 hours and it does not adjust to the light/dark cycle in nature because they can not see light. This can often be treated.

Irregular sleep-wake disorder is rare, and it is often possible to find out what causes it, for example, a head injury, a mental handicap, dementia or some other sicknesses. People with this disorder sleep and wake several times a day, but not at the same times every day. They sleep about 8 hours a day but never 8 hours together.

Treatment for these disorders often does not work well. In addition, it can be difficult to find a doctor who knows much about circadian rhythms, as the field of study is quite new.

Treatment with bright light is also called phototherapy or light therapy. People with ASPS need a lot of light in the evening and they should avoid bright light in the morning. People with DSPS need bright light as soon as they wake up and should try to avoid bright light before bedtime.

Melatonin is a hormone produced in the pineal gland in the brain. It is normally only produced in the evening and at night. People with ASPS can take melatonin by mouth in the morning. People with DSPS can take melatonin in the afternoon or evening, and this treatment works also for some people with Non-24.

One can buy melatonin in the shops in the USA and Canada. In most other countries one must get it from a doctor or it might not be legal at all.

Disorder

Disorder may mean


Asian elephant

The Asian elephant ("Elephas maximus") is the elephant species living in Asia. They are more easily tamed than larger African elephants. People have used them as working animals for hundreds of years. It is mostly found in parts of India and nearby countries.

Asian elephants are different from African elephants. They are smaller, have smaller ears, short legs, a more rounded back, and a fourth toenail on each of their back feet. They have thick, dry skin with a small amount of stiff hair, and are grey to brown in colour. Male Asian elephants have small tusks and female Asian elephants have no tusks. Sometimes pink spots appear on the ears as a result of loss of pigment.

Asian elephants eat grass, hay, twigs, bark and fruits. It can live up to 60 to 80 years. It can weigh up to 5000kg and be up to 300cm tall. It takes up to 660 days or 22 months until the babies are born. 

Asian elephants live across many parts of India and Sri Lanka. They also live as far east as Sumatra, Indonesia. These three areas have subspecies that are slightly different.

Asian elephants are spread over areas with very different amounts of rain. They can survive in dry places where less than 40cm of rain falls per year and in wet areas where over 8 meters of rain falls in a year.

Karolina Bock

Karolina Sofia Bock, (1792-1872), was a Swedish dancer, actor and singer. She also became principal for the famous theatre-school, Dramatens elevskola.
Karolina Bock was born as Karolina Richter. She was a student at the theatrical school Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809, were she was instructed by the principal Sofia Lovisa Gråå. Many of the girls graduating from the school between 1804 and 1812, when Gråå was principal, became famous in Sweden, and were called "the girls of Gråå".
Karolina worked at the theatres Djurgårdsteatern and Nya Komiska Teatern before she was hired at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1814. She worked there for fifty years, and became one of the most popular actors there. But she never became a star because of the parts she played; she always played old women in comedys, never heroines and main parts. She was very well used and never lacked parts to play, but she was not given main parts. It was said, that she had a rare quality; she knew her limitations.

Her most popular parts were in the plays "Min tante Aurore", "Bildhuggaren", "Brodertvisten", "Syrsan", "Preciosa", "Jane Eyre" and "Mäster Smith".

She was principal for Dramatens elevskola two times; the first time from 1831 to 1834, and the second time from 1841 to 1856. She was also teatcher in declamation there. She was the third woman to be principal for the famous school. Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had ben the first in 1793-1800, but she was principal together with her husband. Sofia Lovisa Gråå had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone, and she was principal in 1804-1812. Karolina Bock was a good teacher, but unlike her own teacher, Sofia Lovisa Gråå, she was very strict and firm with her students, so strict that her students rebelled and had her deposed from her position as principal. But she continued to work as an actor until 1863.
Karolina Bock was married two times. In 1813, she married J.G. Svanberg, who played violin in the royal chapel, and in 1826 she married K.F. Bock, who played the flute in the royal chapel. She had a daughter, Bertha Tammelin, who became an actor, singer, composer, musician and a teacher at Dramatens elevskola.

Karolina Bock was rewarded with the medal Litteris et Artibus in 1857.


Lea Ahlborn

Lea Fredrika Ahlborn ("née" Lundgren) (18 February 1826 – 13 November 1897) was a famous Swedish artist. She was a member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts, and the first woman to be appointed royal printmaker. The position of royal printmaker also made her the first female official in Sweden.
She was daughter to Ludvig Lundgren, who was a printmaker, and she early decided, that she wanted to become a printmaker too. In 1849, she, as well as Amalia Lindegren and Agnes Börjesson, became one of the four women who were given permission to study art at the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts. 

In 1851, she made a study-trip to Paris with her teacher Carl Gustaf Qvarnström and her brother Pehr Henrik.

In 1855, she was appointed royal printmaker, and was also elected as a member in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work, and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy, the science academy and the royal academy Pro Patria. She made the medal-portraits to the celebration of the anniversary of the king and queen, and she was hired by the US government to make the medal of George Washington at the centenary (hundred years anniversary) of the end of the American War for Independence in 1883. In 1892, she was given the medal "Illis Quorum" by the king.
Her sister, Carolina Weidenhayn, (1822-1902), became the first professional female xylographer, who after she studied in Paris 1858-1867, became an instructor at the great technical school Tekniska Skolan in 1859-1881.


Hedda Hjortsberg

Hedda (Hedvig Katarina) Hjortsberg, (1777-1867), was a Swedish ballerina. She was the sister of Swedish actor Lars Hjortsberg. She became a student of the French ballet-master Louis Gallodier in 1786, at the age of nine. Between 1791 and 1806 she was a premier-dancer at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. She danced the parts of Lucile in the pantomime ballet "Det dubbla giftermålet" by Jean Marcadet in the 1790-1719 season, Leonore in "Enleveringen" by Louis Deland, and Diana in "Diana och Kärleken" by Deland in 1800-1801. She also performed the part of Venus in "Venus och Adonis" by Deland in 1801-1802, and Frosine in "Dansvurmen" by Gardel in 1803-1804. When the Opera was opened again in 1809 after it had been closed since 1806, she performed with her five year old daughter in "Dansvurmen". Hjortsberg married the businessman Erik Samuel Koersner in 1804, and Abraham Hülphers in 1811, and after that, she danced only as a guest-artist.


Despina (moon)

Despina or Neptune V is the third closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Despina, a nymph who was a daughter of Poseidon. 

Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 3.

Despina is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes.

Chef

A chef is a person who cooks food as their job. They usually work in restaurants or hotels.

The chef is responsible for everything about the food in a restaurant. He is responsible for buying the food, hiring and supervising the kitchen workers, creating the menus for the customers, and deciding the recipes (the details of how the cooking is done). Some chefs are trained and some are not trained.

The sous-chef (sometimes called an assistant chef) is the chef's main helper. A chef de partie is a 'line chef', in charge of a station in the kitchen. The commis chef works under a chef de partie. It is usually a training position. 

The lines or stations in a big kitchen are:



St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana

St. Bernard Parish (; ) is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,764. The parish seat and largest community is Chalmette. The parish was formed in 1807.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the parish has a total area of , of which is land and (83%) is water. It is the second largest parish in Louisiana by total area and has the largest percentage of area in water of any parish.




Slidell, Louisiana

Slidell is the largest city in St. Tammany Parish in Louisiana. It is on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain.
As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 28,781.


St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana

St. Tammany Parish (French: "Paroisse de Saint-Tammany") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana, in the New Orleans metropolitan area. The population was 264,570 in 2020, making it the fourth-most populous parish in Louisiana. The parish seat is Covington. The parish was founded in 1810.


Chewing gum

Chewing gum is a type of candy flavored with natural sugar or artificial sweeteners and also flavors such as mint. Gum is made to be chewed, and not swallowed. People chew gum for personal enjoyment and also to help clean teeth. Before it is chewed, the gum comes either soft and chewy or hard and then softens in your mouth. People are usually finished with gum once all the flavor is extracted, or their mouth becomes sore. Once people are done with gum, they throw it away.
Chewing gum was invented at least 5000 years ago and in many places, made from many different plants. 
The first commercial chewing gum, called The State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum, was made in 1848. In 1850 the first gum made from paraffin wax was produced. It was often eaten with powdered sugar. The first flavored chewing gum was created in the 1860s by John Colgan, in Louisville, Kentucky. About the same time modern chewing gum was first developed when chicle was brought from Mexico by the former president, General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna. It was marketed as Adams New York Chewing Gum in 1871. Black Jack, which is flavored with licorice started in 1884, Chiclets (1899), and Wrigley's Spearmint Gum were early popular gums that quickly dominated the market and are all still around today.

American soldiers in WWII were supplied with chewing gum as a ration. They traded it with locals which widened the market. Chewing gum is less popular now. 




The effects of chewing gum on health vary. Sugar free chewing gum is sometimes recommended by dentists, because it can clean the teeth. Chewing gum which contains sugar can, depending on the kind of sugar, harm the teeth. Gum can help to avoid snacks.

The new version of chewing gum has environmental effects, because it cannot rot easily. Also, it is hard to clean up if it sticks somewhere.
Chewing gum can have a good effect on concentration. There are many other effects on people coming from different new invented chewing gums, like dry mouth gum, or energy gum.

Herat

Herat (, Herāt) is a city in Afghanistan. As of 2012, about 436,300 people live there. It is the third-largest city in Afghanistan. It is the capital of Herat Province. It is in the west of the country, close to the border of Iran. The spoken language in the city is called Herati Persian or just Herati.

Herat dates back to very old times. Avesta, the old book of Zoroastrianism mentions Herat as "Haroyu" and lists it as the sixth land of the sixteen perfect lands created by Ahura Mazda, the Zoroastrian god. In Achaemenid times (ca. 550-330 BC), the surrounding district was known as "Haraiva" (in Old Persian). Ancient Greeks called it "Aria" and "Artacoana" was the capital of Aria. Alexander the Great took Artacoana in 330 BC and destroyed it. He later built another city near Artacoana and named it "Alexandria in Ariana", today's city of Herat. After him Parthians and Sassanians took over. Sassanians called the city “Harēv”.

Arabs took Herat in 660 AD, and it became a center of the Muslim world. Herat has a long history as a centre for Sufism, the mystical branch of Islam. It became part of the area then known as Khurasan, which reached its peak of civilization in the twelfth century. In 1221 AD, it was taken by the Mongols and later destroyed by Genghis Khan and Timur, the Turkic conqueror, took it in about 1393 AD. Herat’s greatest era was during the Timurid rule, when it was a centre of science and culture. As the capital of the Timurid empire, it boasted many fine religious buildings and was famous for its sumptuous court life and musical performance and its tradition of miniature paintings. Later Persians and Afghans fought over the control of the city and Herat changed hands several times before it (under British interference) permanently became part of Afghanistan in 1857 under the Treaty of Paris.

In March 1979, an anti-Communist uprising in Herat, left 25,000 civilian deaths. Between 1978 and 1992, communist forces in Herat city fought resistance forces holding the countryside. In 1995 the area came under the control of Pashtuns of the Taliban movement. After the United States' invasion of Afghanistan, on November 12, 2001, it was liberated from the Taliban by the Northern Alliance.

Mobile, Alabama

Mobile () is the third most populous city in the U.S. state of Alabama and is the county seat of Mobile County. The population within the city limits was 187,041 as of the 2020 census. It is at the head of Mobile Bay. Mobile is the principal municipality of the Mobile Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region of 430,197 residents which is composed of Mobile and Washington counties and is the third largest MSA in the state. Mobile Mobile is included in the Mobile-Daphne-Fairhope Combined Statistical Area with a total population of 661,964, the second largest CSA fully in the state.


Relay race

A relay race is a track and field event in which athletes run a pre-set distance carrying a baton before passing it onto the next runner. Often, a relay team is a team of four sprinters.

In athletics, the two standard relays are the 4x100 meter relay and the 4x400 meter relay. Traditionally, the 4x400 meter relay finals are the last event of a track meet.

Nowadays, long distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill-levels. These runners typically have 5 to 36 legs, each between 5 and 10 kilometers (3-6 miles) long.


Bayou La Batre, Alabama

Bayou La Batre ( is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States. It is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,204.


Bay St. Louis, Mississippi

Bay Saint Louis is a city in Hancock County, Mississippi. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 9,284 people lived there. It is the county seat of Hancock County. Like several other upper Gulf Coast cities, Bay Saint Louis was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.

Waveland, Mississippi

Waveland is a city in Hancock County, Mississippi, on the Gulf of Mexico. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 7,210 people lived there. On August 29, 2005, Waveland was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Katrina.

Before Traversing Waveland MS, type in HonorYourOath on a YouTube search bar. Watch what happens to a sober veteran on the courthouse steps. 8.8 million views. 


Pass Christian, Mississippi

Pass Christian is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States, along the Gulf of Mexico. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,686 at the 2020 census.

Long Beach, Mississippi

Long Beach is a city (incorporated August 10, 1905) in Harrison County, Mississippi, USA. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 16,780 people lived there. It also the home of Alphonso Campbell.


Gulfport, Mississippi

Gulfport is the second largest city in the U.S. state of Mississippi, after the state capital Jackson. It is the larger (population wise) of two, aom cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the city of Gulport had a population of 72,926. Gulfport is co-county seat with Biloxi of Harrison County, Mississippi. Gulfport is the east coast home to the US Navy Seabees, and also the birthplace of American football player Brett Favre.

On August 29, 2005, Gulfport was hit by the strong east side of Hurricane Katrina, and much of Gulfport was flooded or destroyed. Much of Gulfport was also severely damaged by Hurricane Camille on August 17, 1969.


Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area

The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region. The statistical area consists of the Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 396,754 The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2006 estimate placed the population at 380,309. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth.

Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area

The Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers three counties – Hancock, Harrison, and Stone. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 246,190. The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2006, estimate placed the population at 227,904. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth. It is also part of the larger Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area.

Biloxi, Mississippi

Biloxi ( ; ) is the second most populous city in Harrison County and the fourth most populous in the U.S. state of Mississippi, in the United States. The 2020 census recorded the population as 49,449. Biloxi is co–county seat with the larger city Gulfport, in the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area.

The beachfront of Biloxi lies directly on the Mississippi Sound, with barrier islands scattered off the coast and into the Gulf of Mexico.


El Toro (Six Flags Great Adventure)

El Toro, a Spanish term meaning The Bull, is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States. It was opened on June 11, 2006. It had the steepest drop of any wooden roller coaster in the world, at 76 degrees, until Goliath at Six Flags Great America opened in 2014. It is 188 feet tall, a world record breaking drop on a wooden roller coaster, and goes at a maximum (highest possible) speed of 113 km/h. The speed can sometimes be different. At the beginning of the day, it starts slow, but it goes faster and faster throughout the day. It begins at 108 km/h and by the end of the day it travels at 118 km/h. It has 4,400 feet of track, and the trains are known to not really slow down much through the whole ride. El Toro is also known for its strong "airtime" (when riders would be thrown out of the seats if the restraints were not there).

El Toro is quite different than most other wooden roller coasters because it is made out prefabricated track, which means that the pieces of track were cut in a factory and do not need to be cut by hand. This makes the time to build El Toro much shorter. Since it uses prefabricated track, the ride is very smooth. Most wooden roller coasters are known to be quite rough.

Galatea (moon)

Galatea or Neptune VI, is the fourth closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Galatea, one of the Nereids of Greek legend.

Galatea was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 4. The discovery was said (IAUC 4824) on August 2, 1989, but the text only talks of "10 frames taken over 5 days", giving a discovery date of sometime before July 28. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

It is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes.


Nguyen Hue

Nguyen Hue (1753–1792) was a general, an emperor of the Tay Son Dynasty in the history of Vietnam. He was born in Tay Son, Binh Dinh Province. His notable victories included: Victory over a Siamese army in Rach Gam and over Qing's army invasion in Dong Da, Thang Long.

Mikoyan MiG-29

The MiG-29 Fulcrum is a fighter aircraft made by Russian aircraft company Mikoyan. It first flew in 1977, and was introduced in 1983. It was made by the Soviet Union during the Cold War so it could fight new American fighters like the F-16 Fighting Falcon and F/A-18 Hornet. It is still used by the Russian Air Force and other countries in Europe, Asia and Africa.

There are some versions of the MiG-29 that are for trying things out.





Emmy Rossum

Emmanuelle Grey "Emmy" Rossum (born September 12, 1986) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Laura Chapman in the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" and as Christine Daae in "The Phantom of the Opera". She now plays Fiona Gallagher in the comedy-drama televisions series "Shameless".

Bedouin

Bedouins are an Arab ethnocultural group. They are descended from nomads who lived in the Arabian, Syrian and Saharan Deserts.

They call themselves the "people of the tent", because they travelled around, living in tents. Bedouin were camel raisers and drivers, sheep and goat nomads, cattle driving nomads, and merchants. Today many Bedouin have given up the nomadic life and live and work in towns. The Bedouin are the original Breeders of the Arabian Horse.


Hmong

Hmong might mean:


26 (number)

Twenty-six is a number. It comes between twenty-five and twenty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 13, and 26.

27 (number)

Twenty-seven is a number. It comes between twenty-six and twenty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 9, and 27.

28 (number)

Twenty-eight is a number. It comes between twenty-seven and twenty-nine. Twenty-eight is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. 28 is a perfect number. The perfect number before twenty-eight is six.

29 (number)

Twenty-nine is a number. It comes between twenty-eight and thirty, and is an odd number. It is also the 10th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, and 23.

29 is the atomic number of copper.

31 (number)

Thirty-one is a number. It comes between thirty and thirty-two, and is an odd number. It is also the 11th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, and 29.

The factors of thirty-one are 1 and 31. 

32 (number)

Thirty-two is a number. It comes between thirty-one and thirty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16, and 32. It is also a power of two.

33 (number)

Thirty-three is a natural or counting number. It comes between thirty-two and thirty-four, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 11, and 33.

The 33 is a Spanish movie about workers struggle to survive after a disaster strikes in copper and gold mine.

In the Bible, Noah's name was mentioned 33 times when God made a promise or covenant with him. In superstitions, 33 is believed to be an angel number which means growth and development.

34 (number)

Thirty-four is a number. It comes between thirty-three and thirty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 17, and 34.

35 (number)

Thirty-five is a number. It comes between thirty-four and thirty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 7, and 35.

36 (number)

Thirty-six is a number. It comes between thirty-five and thirty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, 12, 18, and 36. 36 is the 6th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, and 25.

37 (number)

Thirty-seven is a number. It comes between thirty-six and thirty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also the 12th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, and 31.

Jewitchery

Jewitchery is a modern religion which has been based on minority beliefs. It started in the New Age beliefs of the 1970s.

Larissa (moon)

Larissa or Neptune VII, is the fifth closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Larissa, a lover of Poseidon (Neptune) in Greek mythology.

It was first found by Harold J. Reitsema, William B. Hubbard, Larry A. Lebofsky and David J. Tholen based on ground-based stellar occultation observations on May 24, 1981, and given the designation S/1981 N 1 and said on 29 May 1981. The moon was refound and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the "Voyager 2" flyby in 1989 after which it received another designation S/1989 N 2 on August 2, 1989.

Larissa is not a sphere and appears to be cratered a lot, with no sign of any geological changes. Little else is known about it.


