Radiation

In physics, radiation is the emission or transmission of energy in the form of waves or particles through space or through a material medium.

This includes:

Radiation may also refer to the energy, waves, or particles being radiated. Originally, radiation waves do not contain particles as they are transferred to Earth by the Sun for example.

Many people are already familiar with electromagnetic radiation (EMR), including light. The electromagnetic spectrum shows the types of radiation according to their wavelength and frequency. Some kinds are:

Ionizing radiation is radiation that carries enough energy to free electrons from atoms or molecules.

Only certain types of radiation are harmful to humans. For example, ultraviolet radiation can give people sunburns. X-rays and gamma rays can make a person sick, or even die, depending on the dose they get. Some types of particle radiation can also make people sick and lead to burns. If radiation does not carry high enough levels of energy, though, then these changes will not happen when something is hit by the radiation. This is referred to as non-ionizing radiation, which is not as dangerous.

One can distinguish between various types of radiation by looking at the source of the radiation, its wavelength (if the radiation is electromagnetic), the amount of energy being carried, any particles involved, etc. Radioactive material is a material which emits radiation. Uranium and plutonium are examples of radioactive materials. The atoms they are made of tend to fall apart and give off different kinds of radiation, like gamma rays and lots of particle radiation.

Ionizing radiation can kill living things. It can cause genetic mutations, as shown by H.J. Muller. It can destroy cells in the body which divide, and thus indirectly kill a person.



Non-ionizing radiation

Non-ionizing radiation (or, esp. in British English, non-ionising radiation) means any type of electromagnetic radiation that does not carry enough energy to ionize atoms or molecules - that is, completely remove an electron from an atom or molecule. 

The composition of this radiation can vary depending on what may be ionized. Visible light, near ultraviolet, infrared, microwave and radio waves are all examples of non-ionizing radiation, though visible and near ultraviolet can also ionize some molecules. The light from the Sun that reaches the earth is largely composed of non-ionizing radiation, with the notable exception of some ultraviolet rays. However, most ionizing radiation is filtered out by the atmosphere.


Electromagnetic spectrum

The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic radiation. Electromagnetic radiation can be divided into octaves — as sound waves are — adding up to eighty-one octaves. Physicists have studied electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths from thousands of kilometres down to fractions of the size of an atom. It is commonly said that waves beyond these limits are uncommon, although this is not known to be true. The short wavelength limit is likely to be the Planck length, and the long-wavelength limit is the size of the universe itself, though in principle the spectrum is infinite. 

Radiation of shorter wavelength than about 30 μm is commonly detected by its ability to exceed the ionization energy of atoms. Radiation of longer than 3mm is commonly detected by its ability to induce electrical currents. Radiation between these limits was little used until the 21st century because of the difficulty of detecting it. 

Nearly all objects in the universe emit, reflect or transmit some light. (Black holes do not.) The distribution of this light along the electromagnetic spectrum (called the "spectrum" of the object) is determined by what the object is made of. Several types of spectra can be distinguished depending upon the nature of the radiation coming from an object.

Spectroscopy is the branch of physics that observes matter by its emitted or reflected spectra.


Spectrum (disambiguation)

A spectrum is a condition or value that is not limited to a specific set of values but can vary infinitely within a continuum.

Spectrum may refer more specifically to:





Continuum

A Continuum is a continuous series where all parts are very similar to their nearest neighbour, but the ends or extremes of it are different from each other. 

This describes something that changes gradually (little by little) from one condition, to a different condition, but without any sudden changes or discontinuities.

The difference between a continuum, and something with very different changes that can be measured, is important for all continuum theories.

Continuum may also refer to:


Revenge (album)

Revenge is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on May 14, 1992.


Continuum (theory)

A continuum is when a change happens over time or an area without being interrupted.

Space-time is when space and time are said to be part of the same continuum instead of two different continuums.

A dialect continuum is a group of language dialects that change over an area. In a dialect continuum, two dialects are more different when they are farther away from each other.


Joseph Goebbels

He was a close friend of Adolf Hitler. Goebbels stayed with Hitler in the Führerbunker until Hitler's suicide on 30 April 1945. After Hitler's death, Goebbels was chancellor of Germany for one day, before he and his wife Magda Goebbels killed themselves. Just before she died, Magda killed their six children with poison.

Joseph Goebbels was born as "Paul Joseph Goebbels" in Mönchengladbach on 29 October 1897. His father, Friedrich Goebbels, was a bookkeeper and his mother was Maria Goebbels (born Oldenhausen). He was the third child of the family and grew up with five siblings. Due to an illness in his childhood in 1901, Goebbels' right foot was malformed and he was . He went to a Roman Catholic school in Rheydt in 1908. In 1914, Goebbels went to high school in Rheydt. When the First World War started in August 1914, he volunteered to be part of the Army. This was refused because of his limp.

Goebbels took his Abitur (school exams) in 1917. He was the best in his class. He gave a speech at the end of the school year. However, his headteacher said, that he would not become a good speaker. Later, in 1917, Goebbels studied ancient philology, history and German philology at the University of Bonn. He received his PhD in Drama from the Heidelberg university in 1921. In 1923, Goebbels worked for the Deutsche Bank.

Goebbels joined the National Socialist German Workers' Party in 1926. In the same year, Hitler made him a Gauleiter for Berlin and Brandenburg. In 1927, Goebbels published the first Nazi newspaper, "Der Angriff" ("The Attack"), in Berlin. The newspaper was printed twice a week. In 1928, he became a member of the German Reichstag. He kept this position until 1945. In 1929, Goebbels saw his first movie with sound, ""The Singing Fool"". He said it would be the future of propaganda.

In 1930, he became the "Reichspropagandaleiter" ("Chief of the German Propaganda") and the deputy of Heinrich Himmler. Goebbels married Magda Quand in 1931. Franz Ritter von Epp and Adolf Hitler were the witnesses at the wedding.

When Hitler became Chancellor in 1933, Goebbels became the Reich Minister for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.

In 1934, Goebbels moved to a villa near Berlin. On 30 June 1934, he saw the arrest of Ernst Röhm in Bad Wiessee. Goebbels gave the order to confiscate about 650 art exhibits in 1937. He put them on display in show called "Degenerate Art". On 9 November 1938, a German diplomat was killed in France by a Jewish teenager. Because of this murder, Goebbels gave the order to the SS for what is now called Kristallnacht.

At the start of the Second World War, Goebbels ordered to broadcast special announcements at the cinema and on the radio. On 26 May 1940, he published the new weekly newspaper "Das Reich" ("The Imperium") for the first time. In 1942, Goebbels took part in the Wannsee Conference. He was one of the Nazi leaders who planned the Final Solution to kill all the Jewish people. In 1943, he gave a well known speech in the Berlin Sportpalast where he called the Germans to support total war. The coup on 20 July 1944 failed, because of Goebbels' quick thinking. He broadcast on radio that the coup had failed, before the plan of Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg could succeed.

On 22 April 1945, two days after Adolf Hitler's birthday, he arrived in the Führerbunker in Berlin. He was one of the witnesses to the marriage of Hitler to Eva Braun. On the same day, he took over the leadership from Hitler. After Hitler's suicide on 30 April, he became the Chancellor of Germany. He only held this job for one day, because on 1 May 1945, his wife poisoned their six children with the help of an SS doctor. Immediately afterward he and his wife went up to the garden of the Chancellery, where they killed themselves. The details of their suicides are uncertain. After the war, Rear-Admiral Michael Musmanno, a U.S. naval officer and judge, published several accounts apparently based on eye-witness testimony: According to one account. "While Schwägermann was preparing the petrol, he heard a shot. Goebbels had shot himself and his wife took poison. Schwägermann ordered one of the soldiers to shoot Goebbels again because he was unable to do it himself." One SS officer said they each took cyanide and ordered an SS trooper to shoot them both. According to another account, Goebbels shot his wife and then himself.

Carl Maria von Weber

Carl Maria von Weber (born Eutin, Holstein, baptised 20 November 1786; died 5 June, 1826 in London), was one of the most important German composers of the early Romantic period. He wrote many operas, of which "Der Freischütz", "Euryanthe" and "Oberon" are especially famous. He wrote instrumental music, especially for the clarinet, and wrote very well for orchestra.

Weber was the eldest of the three children of Franz Anton von Weber. The word “von” in front of a German surname normally means that the family had noble ancestry, but the Weber family do not appear to be of noble blood. Weber was never a strong, healthy child. He had a damaged hip-bone and always walked with a limp. His father worked in the theatre, and the family often moved from one town to another. This was difficult for his education. His mother was called Rosa, she influenced him to go to military school at the age of 20, but his love for music meant that he would go to Cranbrook in Germany. His daughter Laurel was well known for playing the viola in many Orchestras.

Weber’s mother died of tuberculosis when he was eleven. Later that year Weber went to Salzburg, to study with Michael Haydn (the brother of the famous Joseph Haydn), and later to Munich. He started to publish some piano music, and even composed an opera. When he was 14 the family moved to Freiberg in Saxony. He had an opera performed there, and he started to write articles as a critic in a Leipzig newspaper.

In 1801 the family went back to Salzburg and Weber had more lessons from Michael Haydn. He also studied in Vienna with a famous musician called Abbé Vogler. Through him he got to know another of his pupils, Giacomo Meyerbeer, who became a famous composer and was a close friend of Weber.

Vogler thought Weber was very talented, and helped him to get a job in Breslau. Weber had lots of good ideas about how to improve the music there: by changing the way that the orchestra sat, having more rehearsal time, not playing bad pieces of music, and pensioning off old singers. A lot of people there did not like these ideas and made life difficult for him. One night he absent-mindedly drank from a wine bottle. The bottle had engraving-acid inside, and it made him ill for two months. He was never able to sing again. When he tried to go back to work all the good changes he had made had been undone, so he resigned. He had a job in Karlsruhe for a short time, then went briefly back to Breslau, but because he owed people money there he disappeared and got a job in Stuttgart.

His lifestyle was rather wild, and he even got arrested once for debt and fraud. However, he continued to become well known as a composer and wrote a lot of instrumental and religious music. He spent some time in several large cities including Prague and Berlin. In Dresden he worked hard to make German Opera a success (most operas were still Italian in those days).

Weber was not well. He was suffering from tuberculosis, but needed money to support his family. So when he was invited to go to London to compose and produce his opera "Oberon" he accepted the offer. He had already been having English lessons and learned to speak the language quite well. In 1826 he travelled to England where he finished composing "Oberon" and conducted its first performance on 12 April. He stayed on in England to earn some more money. He was looking forward to going home, but on 5 June, the night before he was due to go back to Germany, he died. He was buried in London. 18 years later Richard Wagner arranged for Weber’s body to be brought back to Germany to be buried in Dresden.

Weber left an opera "Die Drei Pintos" ('The Three Pintos') unfinished. Meyerbeer was going to finish it, but in the end it was Gustav Mahler who finished it and conducted the first performance of the completed work in Leipzig in 1888.

Weber was not only a great composer, but a very skilled pianist and conductor. He wrote a very large number of works including cantatas and songs, but most of these are not often heard today. One of his most popular works is called "Invitation to the Dance". It was written for piano, but later Hector Berlioz arranged it for orchestra and this is how it is often heard nowadays.

Weber wrote two Concertos for clarinet and orchestra and also a Concertino (a small concerto in one movement). Another one-movement concerto was the "Konzertstück in F minor" for piano and orchestra. His opera "Der Freischütz " is probably his best work, and the overture is often heard separately as a concert piece. The story of the opera is full of magic. It is written in German and has some spoken words as well as sung music (this kind of opera was called a Singspiel). This opera in particular influenced Richard Wagner who developed German opera in the 19th century.

Alive III

Alive III is a live album by the American hard rock and heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on May 18, 1993.


Ter Hachatrjan

Ter Hachatrjan () is the name of a Russian noble family during the 18th century. 

Duke Aleksandr Ter Hachatrjan (around 1870–1917) was born as an Armenian aristocrat. He also belonged to the Russian nobility. He married a Greek duchess named Sofia. They had two sons together: Duke Anton Aleksandrovich (around 1891–1950) and Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich (1892–1981).

During the revolution in Petrograd in 1917, Duke Aleksandr and his wife were killed by the Bolsheviks. Their two sons then escaped from Petrograd and went to the Caucasus. Bagrat was separated from his brother Anton.

Anton later appeared in the city Rostov on Don. He married Barinova Elena Aleksandrovna. They had no children.

Bagrat got married to Elizaveta Danilovna in 1923. They had a daughter and a son together: Emma Bagratovna (1924–2005) and Yuri Bagratovich. Bagrat divorced Elizaveta in 1927. In the year 1932, Bagrat married Petrachuk Olga Alekseevna, the daughter of merchant from Ukraine. They had two daughters together: Amalia Bagratovn (born 1933) and Inessa Bagratovna (born 1936). Bagrat was an officer in the Imperial Army. He was awarded the Military Order of the Saint Grand Martyr and the Triumphant George. It was one of the highest awards of the Russian Empire.

The Ter Hachatrjan family fell under the repression of NKVD in 1937. They were arrested and placed in jail in the city of Goris. Bagrat Aleksandrovich was accused of taking part in the execution of 26 Baku Commissars. As was the case with all noble families, Duke Bagrat was found guilty of treason and was declared an enemy of the Soviet State. Under the pressure of the government, Duke Bagrat had to stop using his title and rid himself of all his possessions that were brought from Petrograd. The family were then given amnesty.

After, that Bagrat Aleksandrovich worked as a director and actor of movies in Armenia. He died in Kafan in 1981.

Amalia Bagratovna married Saidoff N. S., a rich man from Baku. They had two children together: Saidoff A. N. (born 1961) and Saidoff S. C. N. (born 1963).

Since this time, all the descendents of the Ter Hachatrjan family are named as Saidoff–Ter Hachatrjan.

Ter-Khachatryan or Ter-Khachatryants is an Armenian family, known from the XVIII century. First well-known representative of this family - Daniel-Bek of Sassun Ter Khachatryan or Ter Khachatryan (born in province Sassun or Sason of Western Armenia) about 1785 - died in (town Mush of Western Armenia), in 1829). He was originally an Armenian nobleman, descendant of South or Sout-West branch, i.e. Tarawn-Aldznik branch of Bagratouni or Bagratids dynasty (Actually son of the Armenian priest of Khachatur and, who was a descendant of the Armenian princely dynasty Bagratid, the south or south-west branch of them in 13-14 centuries saved shallow possessions in the district of Sassun or Sason of Western Armenia and province of Aldznik, as well as in the district of Mush in the province of Tarawn of Western Armenia). As a result of the hard oppressions of Kurd feudal lords, Daniel-Bek of Sassun transmigrated from Sason to the town Mush, where his family had a house in the Armenian quarter of Berd, near the church Saint Marineh. The eldest son of Daniel-Bek of Sassun, Avdal bek Ter-Khachatryants (1805-1867) also lived in Mush. The son of Avdal bek Ter-Khachatryants and grandson of Daniel-Bek of Sassun was Jakob bek (Hakob bek) Ter-Khachatryants. The son of Jakob bek (Hakob bek) Ter-Khachatryants was Khachatur-Bek of Mush (the town Mush of Western Armenia), who lived in the first half of the 19th century. Khachar and Garegin Khachatryan, both prominent Armenian artists and ideologists of Armenian liberation movement, were descendents of his House.

Turbine

A turbine is an engine that turns fluid movement into energy. This energy can be changed to make electricity with a generator. A turbine is a turbomachine with normally 1 moving part called a rotor assembly ("a shaft or drum with blades attached") Moving fluid, normally water, moves the blades so that they transfer energy to the rotor. Some early turbine examples include windmills and waterwheels.

A casing can be placed around the turbine to control the movement of the fluid. Credit for the invention of the steam turbine is given both to Anglo-Irish engineer Sir Charles Parsons (1854 - 1931) for invention of the reaction turbine(turbines that utilize water pressure and water speed to rotate), and to the Swedish engineer Gustaf de Laval (1845-1913) for invention of the impulse turbine. Modern steam turbines normally utilize both the reaction and impulse turbine in one system.


Rotor

Rotor (rotating part) may mean:

In engineering:

In computing:

In music:

In other fields:

Jet

JET, Jet or Jets all have many meanings. Some of them are:









Electric power

Electric power is defined as the power dissipated by an electric circuit. Electric power is a measurement of the rate at which energy is used over a period of time. The SI unit for power is the watt, the unit for energy is the joule, and the unit for time is the second.

For a direct current circuit, electric power equals the electric current multiplied by the voltage.

When electric current flows through a circuit, it is slowed down by the resistance in the circuit. Devices can convert this current to useful forms of work, such as heat radiation, light emission, mechanical motion, or acoustic vibrations.



Kiss Unplugged

Kiss Unplugged is an album of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss's performance on MTV Unplugged on August 8, 1995. The album was released on March 12, 1996.


Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions

Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on October 28, 1997.


Head (hydraulic)

Hydraulic head is a specific measurement of water pressure or total energy per unit weight above a datum.

It is usually measured as a water surface elevation, expressed in units of length, but represents the energy at the entrance (or bottom) of a piezometer. In an aquifer, it can be calculated from the depth to water in a piezometric well (a specialized water well), and given information of the piezometer's elevation and screen depth.

Even though it is conventional to use gauge pressure in the calculation of hydraulic head, it is more correct to use total pressure (gauge pressure + atmospheric pressure), since this is truly what drives groundwater flow. Often detailed observations of barometric pressure are not available at each well through time, so this is often disregarded (contributing to large errors at locations where hydraulic gradients are low or the angle between wells is acute.)

Hydraulic head is a measure of energy, and has many analogs in physics and chemistry, where the same mathematical principles and rules apply:



Susan Brownmiller

Susan Brownmiller (born February 15, 1935) is an American radical feminist, journalist and activist. She is best known for her pioneering work on the politics of rape in "Against Our Will: Men, Women, and Rape" (1975). Brownmiller says that rape has been defined by men rather than women until now. Men use rape as a means of continuing male dominance by keeping all women in a state of fear. All men benefit from this. Brownmiller also participated in civil rights activism. She joined CORE during the sit-in movement and volunteered for Freedom Summer in 1964. She first became involved in the Women's Liberation Movement in New York City in 1968. There she joined a consciousness-raising group in the newly formed New York Radical Women organization. Brownmiller went on to co-ordinate a sit-in against Ladies' Home Journal in 1970, began work on "Against Our Will" after a New York Radical Feminists speak-out on rape in 1971, and co-founded Women Against Pornography in 1979. She continues to write and speak on feminist issues, including a recent memoir and history of Second Wave radical feminism, "In Our Time: Memoir of a Revolution" (1999).

As of 2005, she is an Adjunct Professor of Women's & Gender Studies at Pace University in New York City, 



Erich Fromm

Erich Seligmann Fromm (23 March 1900 in Frankfurt – 18 March 1980 in Muralto) was a German-American social psychologist, psychoanalyst, and humanistic philosopher. He was part of what became known as the Frankfurt School of critical theory. He taught at several universities.

Fromm was born in a family of rabbis. Because of his Jewish background Fromm fled from Nazi Germany in 1934 and settled in the United States. After the war he moved to Mexico. The last years of his life he lived in the Swiss Alps. He died 1980 in Muralto.

One of his famous works is "Haben oder Sein" ("To Have or to Be?") from 1974. In this book he critices many aspects in the western society like the pursuit of wealth.


François Adrien Boieldieu

François Adrien Boieldieu (December 16, 1775 – October 8, 1834) was a French composer. He mainly wrote operas.



Red Hot Riding Hood

Red Hot Riding Hood is a movie made by Tex Avery. It is a short cartoon. It was made in 1943. In 1990, the public voted it to be one of the best animated movies of all time.

Turkish Van

The Turkish Van is a breed of cat that comes from Turkey. It has lived in the Lake Van area of Turkey for hundreds of years. This is why it is named the Turkish Van. This part of Turkey is in very high mountains and has long, cold winters. But the summers are hot. 

This cat got used to this climate over time by its body changing. It now has a thick, full fur coat in the winter, but sheds in the summer and becomes a short-haired cat. The Turkish Van swims in the summer to cool itself off and the thin summer coat dries quickly.

A Turkish Van may have blue eyes, amber eyes, or eyes with two different colors.


Turkish Angora

The Turkish Angora is a cat from Turkey. It has long white fur. It is like the Turkish Van cat, but its fur is different.

Work (physics)

In physics, work is what force does. 

When a force is applied on an object for a certain amount of time, the work done by the force is defined as the magnitude of the force (its strength) times the displacement of the object from its initial position to its current position (shortest distance between point A and B), times the cosine of the angle between the direction of the force and the actual direction of the displacement of the object. This can be represented by:
formula_1
In this formula, work is "W", the force's magnitude is "F", the displacement is "s", and the angle's cosine is "cos θ".

In most circumstances, the last factor (the cosine of the angle) is equal to one because the direction of the force is usually the same direction of the displacement. But in circumstances like pushing a heavy box at an angle not parallel to the ground (let's say pushing it at 20° towards the ground), the direction of the force is not the same as the direction of the displacement. In this example, because of the angle of the applied force, the force is doing less work because it is not as efficient as pushing the box at an angle parallel to the ground.

The more the direction of the displacement gets perpendicular (90°) to the direction of the force, the more the work approaches zero. If the angle is greater than 90°, that indicates the object is overall moving in a backwards direction from what the force intends to do; the force has negative work.

One useful example is a scenario of a group of people playing tug of war. The team that is slowly getting pulled into the middle is exerting a force away from the middle, but despite the best efforts of their forces, there is negative work because the direction of their displacement is in the opposite direction.

Holding a heavy book against its weight produces a force, but if the object is stationary in the air, no work is done. If the object slowly moves upwards, work is positive, but if instead it's slowly descending despite the force's exertion on it, the force has negative work.

We can also look at this from the perspective of the force that is trying to move the book downwards, its weight. The work of the weight on a book being lifted is negative. This is because the downward weight is in the opposite direction to the upward displacement.

Work is considered "done" when it is positive.

It is the force that does the work, not the agent that created the force. Motion is a requirement of work. 

Like energy, it is a scalar quantity, and its SI unit is the joule. Heat conduction is not considered to be a form of work, since there is no macroscopically measurable force, only microscopic forces occurring in atomic collisions. The term "work" was created in the 1830s by the French mathematician Gaspard-Gustave Coriolis.

According to the work-energy theorem, if an external force acts upon a rigid object, causing its kinetic energy to change from "E" to "E", then the mechanical work ("W") is given by:

where "m" is the mass of the object and "v" is the object's velocity.


Psycho Circus

Psycho Circus is the eighteenth studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 22, 1998.


Biological warfare

Biological warfare (or germ warfare) is when pathogens are used as a weapon. This is called a biological weapon. Pathogens are microorganisms that can cause disease. If non-living things (like toxins) are used, this is called chemical warfare. 

Biological warfare has been used throughout history. The first form of biological warfare may have been when the plague hit the Mongols. During battle, they were said to have thrown plague victims' bodies at their enemies. Before the 20th century, it took some of the following forms:

During the Second Sino-Japanese War, biological weapons were used by the Japanese army against China. The Japanese army usually launched contaminated fleas or food from planes.

Today, pathogens for diseases like anthrax or smallpox could be used as agents for biological weapons.

The production, and stockpiling of such weapons was forbidden in the Biological Weapons Convention of 1972.

Kiss Symphony: Alive IV

Kiss Symphony: Alive IV is a live album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss performing with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. It was released on July 22, 2003. 


Frankfurt Stock Exchange

The Frankfurt Stock Exchange ("in German Börse Frankfurt") is a stock exchange in Frankfurt, Hesse. It is the biggest stock exchange in Germany by the amount of money exchanged and the number of companies.


General-purpose programming language

A general-purpose programming language is a way to tell a computer what to do that makes a user's job easy and quick without much confusion. It is not restricted to only one field (e.g. HTML). They can be used for many different things. One example is BASIC, invented by John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz in 1963.

Bikini

A bikini is a type of swimsuit for women. It consists of two parts; pants and a bra top, leaving an uncovered area between the two. The bikini is an ancient invention, reinvented after the Second World War.

The bikini is perhaps the most popular female beachwear around the globe.

By the mid-2000s bikinis had become a US $811 million business annually, according to the NPD Group, a consumer and retail information company. The bikini has boosted spin-off services like bikini waxing and the sun tanning industries.

Predecessors of the bikini date back to antiquity, in Çatalhöyük and the Greco-Roman world. Artwork dating back to the Diocletian period (286-305 AD) in Villa Romana del Casale, Sicily depicts women in garments resembling bikinis in mosaics on the floor. The images of ten women, dubbed the "Bikini Girls", exercising in clothing that would pass as bikinis today, are the most replicated mosaic among the 37 million colored tiles at the site. Archeological finds, especially in Pompeii, show the Roman goddess Venus wearing a bikini. A statue of Venus in a bikini was found in a cupboard in the southwest corner in Casa della Venere; others were found in the front hall.

By the early 1940s two-piece swimsuits were frequent on American beaches. Hollywood stars like Ava Gardner, Rita Hayworth and Lana Turner tried similar swimwear or beachwear.

The modern bikini was introduced by French engineer Louis Réard and fashion designer Jacques Heim in Paris in 1946. Réard was a car engineer but by 1946 he was running his mother's lingerie boutique near Les Folies Bergères in Paris. Heim was working on a new kind of beach costume. It comprised two pieces, the bottom large enough to cover its wearer's navel. Réard named his swimsuit the "bikini", taking the name from the Bikini atoll, one of a series of islands in the South Pacific where testing on the new atomic bomb was occurring that summer. He promoted it with the slogan "le bikini, la première bombe an-atomique". This is a play on words: "anatomique" means "relating to anatomy". Réard could not find a model to wear his design. He ended up hiring Micheline Bernardini, a nude dancer from the "Casino de Paris". That bikini, with a g-string back, had of cloth with newspaper type printed across. It introduced on July 5 at Piscine Molitor, a public pool in Paris. Heim's design was the first worn on the beach, but the clothing was given its name by Réard. The bikini became increasingly popular throughout the 1960s and 70s.


High Voltage (1976 album)

High Voltage is the debut studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was released in Australia on 17 February, 1975.

All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott, except where noted.

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was released in November 1976 in Europe and delayed for release in USA until 1981.


School bus

A school bus is a type of bus that takes students to their school. They may pick kids up in front of their house or at a dedicated bus stop. In many areas passing a stopped school bus is punishable by a traffic ticket 

In the United States, school buses are yellow while in other countries they may be different. The 3 lines or rub rails on the outside of a school bus in the United States have a purpose for safety in the event of an accident. The bottom line shows where the bus floor is. The middle line shows the bottom of the seat. The top line shows where the top of the seat is as well as the bottom of the window. School buses are also equipped with more than one emergency exit. These could be on the side of the bus, the top, or the back. Each of these is for if the bus rolls one of these sides during an accident. When opened they also will make a loud alarm sound.

A Type “A” school bus is a conversion or body constructed upon a van-type or cutaway front-section vehicle with a left side driver’s door, designed for carrying more than 10 persons. Sixteen designed seating capacity or less may be single rear wheeled; 17 designed seating capacity and larger shall have dual rear wheels. This definition shall include two classifications: Type A-1, with a Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) less than 14,500 pounds; and Type A-2 with a GVWR greater than 14,500 pounds and less than 21,500 pounds.

A Type “B” school bus is constructed utilizing a body on a stripped chassis, with the entrance door behind the front wheels. This definition includes two classifications: Type B-1, with a GVWR of 10,000 pounds or less, designed for carrying more than 10 persons and Type B-2, with a GVWR greater than 10,000 pounds. The engine is beneath and/or behind the windshield and beside the driver’s seat. Both Type B-1 and Type B-2 must be equipped with dual rear tires.

A Type “C” school bus is constructed utilizing a chassis with a hood and front fender assembly. The entrance door is behind the front wheels. A “type C school bus” also includes a cutaway truck chassis or truck chassis with cab, with or without a left side door, and with a GVWR greater than 21,500 pounds.

A Type “D” or “Transit Style” school bus is a body installed upon a stripped chassis, with the engine mounted in the front or rear, and has a GVWR of more than 21,500 pounds, designed for carrying more than 10 persons. The engine may be beside the driver’s seat or it may be at the rear of the bus, behind the rear wheels. The entrance door is ahead of the front wheels.

Iron oxide

Iron oxides are chemical compounds. There are sixteen known iron oxides. Iron oxides are used in pigments. It is used in both man-made and natural pigments.

Venetian red (haematite), Magnetite (FeO), or a mixture of oxides make black or purple pigments. The umber, sienna and ochre are oxides or hydrated oxides of a yellow to chestnut colour.

Most iron oxide is mined as iron ore. Every year millions of tons go into blast furnaces to make iron. 


Jimi Hendrix

James Marshall Hendrix (born Johnny Allen Hendrix; 1942-1970 was an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. Hendrix was a major influence on other rock and roll musicians.
Initially gaining recognition in England, Hendrix became famous throughout the world after appearances at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967, at which he purposely set his guitar on fire, and Woodstock Festival.
A self-taught musician, unable to read or write music notation, he famously played a right-handed Fender Stratocaster guitar turned over and restrung to play left-handed. Jimi Hendrix was named "Greatest Guitarist of all Time" by "Rolling Stone" magazine in 2003.

Jimi Hendrix was born in Seattle on November 27, 1942. His name was Johnny Allen Hendrix when he was born. Later, his dad named him James Marshall Hendrix when he returned from the military. He grew up without much money or attention; his parents divorced when he was nine years old, and his mother died when he was 16. At about the age of 14, Hendrix found his first guitar. It was a broken broomstick with one string that had been thrown away by another boy. He still managed to play several tunes on it. Soon after, at around 15, he managed to buy a proper acoustic guitar for $5 from a friend of his father. His first electric guitar was a white Supro Ozark that his father, Al Hendrix, had bought him. He did not have lessons and learned basic tunes and improvisation from watching Chuck Berry and Elvis Presley play live. He played without an amplifier.

Hendrix finished middle school but did not graduate from his high school, Garfield High School. Hendrix told some reporters in the late 1960s that he had failed because people were racist there, and did not like him because he was black. Others claim it was just because he could not get good enough grades and was unorganized. Hendrix later told the reporters that he was thrown out for being rude to a teacher.

When Hendrix was young, he was a fan of Elvis Presley. He went to see Presley play at Sick’s Stadium on September 1, 1957, and he drew a color picture of him holding an acoustic guitar. The original drawing can be seen in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio. Even as an adult, he still loved Presley. He went to a see a Presley movie, King Creole, in Paris in late 1968, to give him inspiration to write songs. He also liked famous blues musicians such as Muddy Waters, Bo Diddley and Lightning Hopkins; and he played in the band of R&B star Little Richard. However, Hendrix and Richard did not get along. Richard did not like Hendrix's clothes, his being late and him showing off on stage.

After getting in trouble for stealing cars twice, Hendrix had to choose between going to prison for two years or joining the U.S. Army. Hendrix chose the army and on May 31, 1961 was sent to Fort Campbell, Kentucky. While in the army, his officers said that he was often caught sleeping on duty and needed to be watched at all times. He could not use a gun well and an officer said that "his mind apparently cannot function [cannot work properly] while performing duties and thinking about his guitar". However, his time in the army was important for Hendrix, because it was there that he met another soldier and bass guitar player called Billy Cox. They would later play together in a small group called The King Kasuals.

On May 31, 1962 Hendrix’s officers thought it would be best for him to leave the army because he caused too much trouble. Hendrix agreed, and he left after only a year of service. Hendrix later said he had been let go from the army after breaking his ankle when he was landing his 26th parachute jump. He also spoke about his time in the army in interviews for a magazine, "Melody Maker", in 1967 and 1969. He said that he did not like serving the army and did not agree with their ways of doing things. When he was interviewed in America, Hendrix never talked about his time in the army. When it was brought up in a television interview, Hendrix only said that he had been based at Fort Campbell.

Hendrix's left-handed playing on a guitar made for right-handed people made him popular. His first proper concert was with a small band without a name, playing in a Synagogue. He later joined a band called The Velvetones.

After leaving the army, Hendrix and Cox moved to Clarksville in Tennessee, where they played in their group, The King Kasuals. They played in small bars but they did not make much money. So, eventually, he and Cox moved to Nashville. They played many blues-style songs in Nashville. In November 1962, Hendrix went to his first studio performance. While in Nashville, Hendrix played in many other bands as rhythm and lead guitarist and vocals. This did not get him much money, but did give him experience of how bands worked.

Later, Hendrix left Nashville and went to Northern New York City. By January 1964, he moved to Harlem where he played at bars and clubs for money. Hendrix also won first prize in an amateur guitar contest at The Apollo Theatre. In 1966, Hendrix formed his own band called "Jimmy James and The Blues Flames" one of the members of the band was Little Ritchard. The members were people that he met around town. One of them was a 15-year-old boy called Randy. 
Hendrix played many gigs around New York City and many songs at a cafe called "Café Wha?"
In 1966, Hendrix became friends with the girlfriend of Keith Richards, guitarist for The Rolling Stones, Linda Keith. She liked his music and introduced him to Chas Chandler, the manager for The Animals. Chandler told Hendrix to write a rock version of the song “Hey Joe” and when he did, Chandler brought him to London to sign a contract with him. Hendrix had to make a new band. It was called The Jimi Hendrix Experience with Mitch Mitchell and Noel Redding, a name found by their business manager Mike Jeffery.

The Jimi Hendrix Experience made its first album in 1967. It was called Are You Experienced. 
When the album was being produced and sold, Hendrix travelled around the UK and some of Europe. On June 4, 1967, The Jimi Hendrix Experience played their last concert in London before going to America. In America many famous people came to see Hendrix play including Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Brian Epstein.

The album reached number two in the UK charts. In 2001, VH1 named "Are You Experienced" as the fifth greatest album of all time. "Rolling Stone" magazine put it at number 15 on a list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003.

Hendrix’ second album came out in 1967. It was called Axis: Bold as Love. It had famous songs in it, most famous being ""Little Wing"". There have been several other versions of the song by other musicians like Stevie Ray Vaughan, Henry "Hank" Marrion, Metallica, Eric Clapton, Sting and Pearl Jam. An important difference in the album from other albums he made was that Hendrix tuned his guitar down a semi-tone (to E flat). The album reached number three in the US charts and number five in the UK charts.

The album almost did not sell, since Hendrix lost the master tape of side one of the LP in the back of a taxi in London. Hendrix, Chas Chandler and an engineer called Eddie Kramer had to re-mix the songs in one night. They could not get the song ""If 6 was 9"" right, but Hendrix's bassist Noel Redding had a copy of it on tape. When the album was released, Hendrix was disappointed that the album was finished so quickly and he thought it could have been done better.

Hendrix finished his third album, called Electric Ladyland - a double album with two LP's - in 1968. In this year, Chas Chandler (Hendrix’s manager) decided to leave Hendrix and so did Noel Redding. When Chandler left, Hendrix changed everything in his music. He began using different musicians and instruments. He used guitars with flutes and trombones all with distortion to get strange sounds. The album reached number one in the US. It reached number five in the UK. In 2003, VH1 named the album the 72nd best album of all time, and the "Rolling Stones" magazine gave it 54th greatest album of all time.

Hendrix went to play at Woodstock on August 18, 1969. That year, Woodstock made over $18,000 and has since become one of the most famous concerts in the world. Hendrix was told to play on Sunday evening, but did not arrive until Monday morning, which was unfortunate because of the 500,000 people that had paid to see him, around 180,000 were left and did not plan on staying his whole concert; they just wanted to see him in person for a few minutes. Hendrix then went on to play a two-hour concert that was described as awful. Hendrix’s large band had not practiced enough and could not keep up with Hendrix's fast guitar playing. But to make up for all of this, Hendrix played a version of Star Spangled Banner. He played this anthem with heavy distortion and screams from his guitar, and people thought that he was being anti-American and making fun of their anthem and country. Hendrix, in an interview, said that he "did not intend for his performance to be a political statement", he just wanted it to be another version of the national anthem.

On September 18, 1970, Hendrix was found dead in a basement of the Samarkand Hotel in London. He died after drinking too much, and then taking too many sleeping pills. He vomited and choked on his vomit because he could not regain consciousness. There are many different theories about his death. His girlfriend, who was with him at the time that he died, said that he was alive when she put him in the back of the ambulance, but hospital records say that Hendrix had been dead for some time before the ambulance had reached him. Some people say that Hendrix was alive, but that the paramedics did not properly hold his head while he was unconscious so he choked on his own vomit. A sad poem that was found in Hendrix’ apartment written by him made some think that he committed suicide.
The most likely explanation is that Hendrix just took too many sleeping pills while he was drunk, and then could not wake up as he vomited and choked as a result. There has been some speculation that he may have been murdered by his manager.

Hendrix was buried in Renton, Washington in Greenwood Memorial Park on October 1, 1970. His headstone was wrong because it shows a picture of Hendrix playing a Stratocaster, but the Stratocaster is right-handed, Hendrix played left-handed. Because Hendrix had so many fans, people were worried that the crowds of people wanting to look at his grave would damage other graves, so Hendrix’ father, Al Hendrix, had another memorial site built far from other graves. The memorial is a granite dome architecture, held up by three pillars and Hendrix is buried underneath. His autograph is at the foot of each pillar and a brass sundial is at the top of the dome. There is also a memorial statue of Hendrix playing a Stratocaster on the corner of Broadway and Pine in Seattle.

Hendrix had unique fashion and a Bob Dylan-style haircut. He wore scarves, rings and brooches. In his early career, he wore a dark suit with a silk shirt. Later, he wore bright blue velvet suits, red suits and flared trousers. In 1967, he started to wear a cowboy-style hat he called "The Westerner". 

In 1968, Hendrix started tying scarves to his legs and arms. In 1969, he wore his famous bandana.

Hendrix was widely associated with the use of psychedelic drugs like LSD. He also smoked marijuana and drank alcohol. Hendrix would become angry and violent when he was drunk.

However, no one knows if Hendrix took heroin. Hendrix died after choking on his own vomit in a London apartment. At his autopsy, there was no heroin in his body and he had no needle marks on his body.


Incendiary device

Incendiary devices or incendiary bombs are bombs. These bombs have been designed to start a fire. Sometimes they are also called firebombs. They were used very frequently in World War II. Materials such as Napalm, White phosphorus, thermite, chlorine trifluoride are often employed in such bombs. A very crude such bomb (which uses fuel) is the Molotov cocktail.

The United States still uses such bombs, called Mark 77 bomb. They were used during the invasion of Iraq in 2003. Most other countries no longer use them, since they are banned by Section III of the United Nations Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. This treaty was ratified in 1980.

Probably the most famous incendiary attack is the bombing of Dresden, Germany during WWII by the Allies. Flamethrowers are also incendiary devices.

Napalm

Napalm is a mixture of a gelling agent and a volatile petrochemical. It is a flammable liquid (liquid that is easy to burn) that has been used in war. When it is mixed with gasoline, the thickener makes a sticky gel that is easy to burn, and burns for a long time. A team of Harvard chemists in U.S. made napalm during World War II. The team leader was Louis Fieser. The name "napalm" comes from the ingredients that were first used to make it: coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic and palmitic acids.

One of the major problems of the first fluids used for lighting fires (such as those used in flamethrowers) was that they splashed and drained too easily. Flamethrowers that use a gasoline gel can shoot farther and are more useful. Gasoline gel was hard to make because it used natural rubber, which was in high demand and expensive. Napalm was much cheaper. It solved the problems involved with rubber-based things made to cause fire.

Nowadays, napalm is mostly made of benzene and polystyrene, and is known as napalm-B.

Napalm was used in flamethrowers and firebombs by the U.S. and allied forces. Napalm is made to burn at a specific rate and stick to materials. This is done by mixing different amounts of napalm and other materials. Another useful (and dangerous) effect, mostly in its use in bombs, was that napalm takes the oxygen out of the air and makes large amounts of carbon monoxide that suffocates people. Napalm bombs were used in the Vietnam War to clear landing zones for helicopters.

Napalm was a 20th-century invention. However, it is a part of a long history of incendiary devices in warfare. Historically, it was mostly liquids that were used (see Greek fire). A flammable liquid fuel weapon which can be held by people, the flamethrower was created in World War I by the Germans. Many other flamethrowers were soon made by other sides in the conflict.

On July 17, 1944, napalm bombs were dropped for the first time by American P-38 pilots on a fuel storehouse at Coutances, near St. Lô, France. Napalm bombs were first used in the Pacific Theatre during the Battle of Tinian by Marine pilots. Its use was made difficult by problems with mixing, fusing and the release mechanisms. In World War II, Allied forces bombed cities in Japan with napalm, and used it in bombs and flamethrowers in Germany and the Japanese-held islands. It was used by the Greek army against communist guerrilla fighters during the Greek Civil War, by United Nations forces in Korea, by Mexico in the late 1960s against guerrilla fighters in Guerrero and by the United States during the Vietnam War.

The most well-known method of using napalm for war is from air-dropped incendiary bombs. A lesser-known method is flame throwers. Flamethrowers use a thinner version of the same fuel to destroy prepared locations of guns, bunkers and cave hideouts. U.S. Marines fighting on Guadalcanal found them very effective against Japanese positions. The Marines used fire as a weapon to cause damage and as a psychological weapon. People have a natural fear of fire. They found that Japanese soldiers would abandon positions when napalm was used. Prisoners of war confirmed that they were scared of napalm more than any other weapon thrown at them.

Napalm became one of the more used weapons of the Korean War. Pilots returning from the war zone often said that they would rather have a couple of gasoline tanks full of napalm to drop than any other weapon, bombs, rockets or guns. The U.S. Air Force and Navy used napalm with great effect against all types of targets including troops, tanks, buildings and even rail road tunnels. The fear napalm had on the enemy became obvious when North Korean troops began to surrender to aircraft flying overhead. Pilots noted they saw surviving enemy troops waving white flags on following passes after dropping napalm. The pilots radioed to ground troops and the North Koreans were captured.

Napalm has been used recently in wartime by or against: Iran (1980–88), Israel (1967, 1982), Nigeria (1969), Brazil (1972), Egypt (1973), Cyprus (1964, 1974), Argentina (1982), Iraq (1980–88, 1991, 20th March 2003 – 15th December 2011), Serbia (1994), Turkey (1963, 1974, 1997), Angola, United States.

In some cases, napalm disables and kills its victims very quickly. Those who do survive suffer up to 5th degree burns. These damage parts of the skin which do not have pain receptors. However, victims who suffer 2nd degree burns from splashed napalm will be in a lot of pain.

Philip Jones Griffiths described its use in Vietnam:

Phuc had third-degree burns to half her body and was not expected to live. Thanks to assistance from South Vietnamese photographer Nick Ut, and after surviving a 14-month hospital stay and 17 operations, she became an outspoken peace activist.

International law does not prohibit the use of napalm or other incendiaries against military targets, but use against civilian populations was banned by the United Nations' inhumane weapons convention (often referred to as the CCW) in 1981. Protocol III of the CCW restricts the use of incendiary weapons (not only napalm), but a number of states have not accepted all of the protocols of the CCW. According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, states are considered a party to the convention, which entered into force as international law in December 1983, if they ratify at least two of the five protocols. The United States, for example, is a party to the CCW but did not sign Protocol III.
Reports by the "Sydney Morning Herald" suggested that "napalm" was used in the Iraq War by US forces. The U.S. Department of Defense denied this. In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat. Official denials of the use of 'napalm' were disingenuous. The Mk 77 bomb that was in service at this time, the Mk 77 Mod 5, did not use actual napalm (e.g. napalm-B). The last U.S. bomb to use actual napalm was the Mark 77 Mod 4, the last of which were destroyed in March 2001. The substance used now is a different incendiary mixture. It is still a controversial incendiary, and can still be referred to colloquially as 'napalm.'

"We napalmed both those (bridge) approaches," said Col. Randolph Alles in a recent interview. "Unfortunately, there were people there because you could see them in the (cockpit) video." (...) "They were Iraqi soldiers there. It's no great way to die," he added. (...) The generals love napalm. ... It has a big psychological effect." - "San Diego Union-Tribune, August 2003"

The Mk-77 firebombs used in the Gulf were kerosene based. It is a napalm-like liquid in its effect.

Recipes how to make napalm-like substances can be found on the Internet. Very often, the recipes say that they will make a thick substance using gasoline, with soap or polystyrene as a thickening agent. People following these instructions often handle the substance improperly and cause accidents. Making incendiary devices is illegal in many countries.

Napalm usually has gasoline with thickening agents. The first thickeners were soaps, aluminium, and magnesium palmitates and stearates. Depending on how much thickener is added, the resulting viscosity can range between syrupy liquid and thick rubbery gel. The content of long hydrocarbon chains makes the material highly hydrophobic (resistant to wetting with water). It is difficult to extinguish (remove fire). Thickened fuel also bounces better, so it is better for missions in urban places.

There are two types of napalm: oil-based with aluminium soap thickener, and oil-based with polymeric thickener ("napalm-B").

The United States military uses three types of thickeners: M1, M2, and M4.

A later type of napalm, napalm-B, also called "super napalm", has low-octane gasoline, benzene and polystyrene in it. It was used in the Vietnam War. Napalm B burns for up to 10 minutes with fewer fireballs. This is different than conventional napalm, which burns for only 15–30 seconds. It also sticks better to surfaces, and can destroy things better. It is not as easy to light. This lowers the number of accidents caused by soldiers smoking. It gives a unique smell when it burns.

Starting in the early 1990s, various websites including The Anarchist Cookbook advertised recipes for homemade napalm. These recipes were predominantly equal parts gasoline and styrofoam. This mixture closely resembles that of napalm-B, but lacks benzene.

Napalm reaches burning temperatures of approximately 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). Other additives can be added, e.g. powdered aluminium or magnesium, or white phosphorus.

In the early 1950s, Norway developed its own napalm, based on fatty acids in whale oil. The reason for this development was that the American-produced thickening agent performed rather badly in the cold Norwegian climate. The product was known as Northick II.

Napalm itself became well known by the American public after it was used in the Vietnam war. Since then, it has been mentioned in the media and arts many times. Some of the examples are:



Midwestern United States

The Midwestern United States (or Midwest) is a name for the north-central states of the United States of America. The Midwest is composed of Nebraska, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Michigan, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota and Wisconsin. Oklahoma and Kentucky are occasionally considered Midwestern, but this definitely is questioned by scholars, whom refer to those regions, along with Missouri to be border states - those consisting of southern and Midwestern traits. The word "Midwest" has been in common use since the late 19th century. Other names for the area are no longer used. These names include the "Northwest" or "Old Northwest", "Mid-America," or "the Heartland".

The land in the Midwest is generally thought of as consisting of rolling hills with some mountainous and flat regions like the Great Plains states. The far northern part of the Upper Mississippi valley is known as the , a region of very rugged hills centered primarily western Wisconsin, though the region includes small parts of northeast Iowa, Southeast Minnesota, and northwest Illinois. The of Wisconsin contain the highest peaks in the Driftless Region. Also, the northern part of the Ozark mountain range is in southern Missouri. Prairies cover most of the states west of the Mississippi River, with buttes, rugged rocky areas, and hills in western North Dakota and South Dakota ( and ), and the foothills of the Rockies in western Kansas and Nebraska. Less rain falls in the western Midwest than in the eastern part. This causes different types of prairies. Most of the Midwest can now be called either "urban areas" or "agricultural areas". Areas in northern Minnesota, Michigan and Wisconsin, and the Ohio River valley are not very developed.

Chicago is the largest city in the region, followed by Detroit and Indianapolis. Some other important cities in the region are: Minneapolis-St. Paul, Cleveland, St. Louis, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Columbus, Des Moines, and Madison.

Midwesterners are sometimes viewed as open, friendly, and straightforward, or sometimes as stubborn and uncultured. People view the Midwest as a very open place with lots of corn and wheat, very dry crops and sometimes simple people. Midwest values were shaped by religious beliefs and the agricultural values from the people who settled in the area. The Midwest today is a mix of Protestantism and Calvinism, untrusting of authority and power. 

Between 19 and 29% of the Midwest is Catholic. 14% of the people in Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan, 22% in Missouri and 5% in Minnesota are Baptists. 22-24% of people in Wisconsin and Minnesota are Lutherans. 1% or less of the people in the Midwest are Jewish and Muslim, with slightly more Jewish or Muslim people in major cities, such as Chicago, Detroit, and Cleveland. 16% of the Midwest's population do not follow any religion.

Because of 20th century African American migration from the South, many African Americans live in most of the area's large cities. However, there are still more African Americans living in the Southern United States than in the Midwest. The mix of industry and cultures in those cities led to new types of music in the 20th century in the Midwest, including jazz, blues, rock and roll. Jazz was invented in New Orleans, but started to develop and grow in Kansas City. Techno music came from Detroit and house music and blues came from Chicago.

Today the population of the Midwest is 65,971,974, or 22.2% of the total population of the United States.

Politics in the Midwest is divided, although if you include Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri and the Dakotas in it leans conservative. With some states leaning liberal and many others conservative. The Great Lakes area, which has more large cities than the rest of the Midwest, tends to be the most liberal area of the Midwest. However, the rural Great Plains states, are more conservative. Traditionally, the larger cities tend to lean to the left while those in the rural countryside lean farther right. 

As of 2020, in the Senate, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota are each represented by 2 Democrats. Ohio, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania are represented by 1 Democrat and 1 Republican each. The Dakotas, Missouri, Kansas, Iowa and Nebraska are all represented by 2 Republicans each. The final tally is 9 Democrats and 15 Republicans.

As of 2020, Minnesota's is the only state legislature in the nation where 1 house is controlled by Republicans and the other by Democrats. Illinois´s is the only state legislature in the Midwest where both houses are controlled by Democrats; all the other states have Republican-controlled legislatures.

The accents of the Midwest are often clearly different from the accents of the South and many urban areas of the American Northeast. The accent of most of the Midwest is thought by many to be "standard" American English. Many national radio and television shows in the U.S. like this accent more than many other accents. This may have started because many television show hosts — such as Walter Cronkite, Johnny Carson, David Letterman, Tom Brokaw and Casey Kasem — came from this area.

In some parts of the Midwest, the accents are quite different from the "neutral" accent of the rest of the Midwest. These accents usually are because of the of the area. For example, Minnesota, western Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula have strong Scandinavian accents, which get stronger the farther north one goes. Many parts of Michigan have Dutch-flavored accents. Also, people from Chicago are known to have their own "" accent. The same is true of St. Louis. In the most southern parts of the Midwest, such as southern Indiana, Southern accents are common in addition to the standard Midwest accent. The same can be said of Southern Illinois, particularly below U.S. Highway 50 and south of St. Louis. Missouri is also an example of a Midwest state with southern culture. Missourians usually have either a Southern or Midwestern accent, or a combined dialect of both, but accents tend to be distinctly Southern in the Southeastern and Bootheel sections of the state.



Maynard James Keenan

Maynard James Keenan (born James Herbert Keenan on April 17, 1964) is an American rock singer, songwriter, musician, and producer. He sings in the band Tool, and also in the band A Perfect Circle. He has a side project called Puscifer.

James Herbert Keenan was born in Ravenna, Ohio on April 17, 1964. His mother is Judith and his father is Michael, who was a high school teacher. Keenan's parents divorced when he was three years old, and Michael moved away. Keenan did not see him very much for the next 12 years. Later, his mother married someone else. He was mean and did not allow Keenan to be creative. When Keenan was 11, his mother, Judith, had a brain aneurysm that paralyzed her. Two years later, she told Keenan to move to Michigan with his father.

Keenan joined the United States Army after he graduated from high school. He wanted to use the G.I. Bill to go to art school. He joined the United States Military Academy Preparatory School (West Point Prep School) where he picked up the nickname "Maynard". He did very well in his training, but said no to an offer to stay in the Army and work at West Point. He decided to start his music career instead.

After being honorably discharged from the Army, Keenan went back to Michigan to go to art school. Then, in 1988, he moved to Los Angeles, California to help design the inside of pet stores. He was fired from this job and then worked creating movie sets. He also played bass guitar in a band and sang for another band.

Keenan started playing music soon after leaving art school. He and Adam Jones formed Tool. Keenan formed A Perfect Circle in 1999. They had 4 albums: "Mer De Noms", "The Thirteenth Step", "eMOTIVe" and "Eat the Elephant". He then left again to be with his family. He now has a vineyard where he makes wine but still takes tours for his working side project; Puscifer. Tool released an album in 2019 named "Fear Inoculum".

Keenan met Adam Jones in Los Angeles. They started the band Tool in 1990. The band's line up later became Keenan as singer, Jones playing guitar, Danny Carey playing drums, and Paul D'Amour playing bass. When D'Amour left the band, Justin Chancellor took his place. Tool signed to Zoo Entertainment in November 1991.


Naphtha

Naphtha is the name for a number of intermediary products that occur when refining crude oil. They are liquid hydrocarbons. They are used to produce high octane gasoline products. The petrochemical industry also uses them to make olefins and solvents.

Typical naphtas are used for:

Lukas Podolski

Lukas Podolski () born 4 June 1985 in Gliwice, Poland) is a Polish born German football player. He plays for Köln. From 2004 until 2006, he played for Köln. He has plays Germany national team.

He is known for his fashion during press conferences. He often wears button down shirts and polished shoes. He has a girlfriend named Monika and they have a son. Their son's name is Louis, he was born in April 2008.

152||61||14||8||23||8||189||77
152||61||14||8||23||8||189||77

!Total||116||47

Naphthalene

Naphthalene is a crystalline, white hydrocarbon, with a strong smell. It is best known as the main ingredient in mothballs, urinal deodorizer blocks, and can be used as an antiseptic. In mothballs, it is used as an insecticide or pesticide.

Naphthalene is toxic. In humans, being exposed to naphthalene can destroy red blood cells. Naphthalene may also cause cancer.

In the early 1820s, two different papers were published on something that matched the description of Naphthalene. Both groups made it by distilling coal tar. In 1821 John Kidd cited both reports, and condensed their results to accurately describe the properties of naphthalene, and how to make it. Kidd named it naphthalene because "naphtha"  means any explosive hydrocarbon mixture. By 1826, Michael Faraday discovered the formula for it. Emil Erlenmeyer proposes that it is two fused benzene rings in 1866, and Carl Gräbe confirms this three years later.


MySQL

MySQL is a database system used by many websites on the Internet. It is based on SQL. Many ways of doing things in SQL are similar in MySQL. The data is structured in tables in MySQL. And to extract data from the tables queries are used. 

For example: codice_1 

This query will return the codice_2 of the person named codice_3 from the table named codice_4.

MySQL was first released in May 1995 and a Windows version was released in January 1998. The latest version (5.6.11) was released in April 2013.

MySQL is compatible with many major programming languages. The most common one is PHP. An ODBC interface (called MyODBC) has been made so that users of Microsoft's ASP language can use MySQL.

Some of the largest MySQL users on the internet include:


Many PHP scripts also use MySQL. These include:



White phosphorus

White phosphorus is an incendiary weapon. It makes a bright light and smoke. Its main ingredient is one of the allotropes of the chemical element phosphorus. White phosphorus is toxic to humans. It can burn deep into soft tissue, it can be breathed in, or it can be ingested (eaten). Over time, these can cause death.

The use of incendiary weapons against civilians is forbidden since 1949. They were used by U.S. forces in Iraq in 2004.
White phosphorous was also used for smoke cover by the Israeli Army during Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip during the 2008-2009 war between Israel and Hamas. 

Miroslav Klose

Miroslav Klose (born June 9 1978 in Opole, Poland) is a Polish born German football player. From 1999 until 2004 he played for Kaiserslautern and from 2004 until 2007 for Werder Bremen. In 2007 changed to Bayern Munich. In 2011, he left Bayern Munich and joined the Italian team Lazio. On the Germany national team he has played in 137 matches since 2001 and scored 71 goals.

Klose is a great player known for his heading skills and he is currently the all-time top scorer of the Germany national football team with 71 goals. He is also the all-time leading goal scorer of the FIFA World Cup after beating Ronaldo's record in the semi-final against Brazil.

327||132||38||20||72||24||434||176
139||55||11||3||18||6||168||64
466||187||49||23||90||30||602||240

Mothball

Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant.They are used when clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae are stored. Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene. Because naphthalene can catch fire easily, modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead. Both of these ingredients have a strong, pungent smell often associated strongly with mothballs. Camphor, an insect repellent, can also be used in mothballs.

Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season led to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended. Some claim that the use of the word in this sense derives from naval usage. When warships were laid up, the open ends of their gun barrels and other openings were covered in white material to prevent the entry of water. These white circles suggested mothballs.

Oliver Kahn

Oliver Rolf Kahn (; born 15 June 1969) is a former German football player. He played as a goalkeeper for Bayern Munich. From 1988 until 1994, Kahn played for Karlsruhe. He has played 86 matches for the Germany national team.

After 2006 FIFA World Cup, he retired from the national team. After the season 2007/2008 he ended his career and stopped playing for his club Bayern Munich, too.

Kahn has won several titles with Bayern München, among them are the UEFA champions league, the UEFA cup, the intercontinental cup, eight national championships and six national cups.

He was the first-choice goalkeeper in the Germany national football team which was the runner-up at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

Kahn's nicknames are "King Kahn" and "The Titan".


Timo Hildebrand

Timo Hidebrand (born 5 April 1979 in Worms, Germany) is a German former football player. He played for the German national team.

Philipp Lahm

Philipp Lahm (; born 11 November 1983) is a German retired football player. He was a former defender for Bayern Munich.


!Total||113||5



Valencia CF

Valencia C.F. is a football team in Spain.


Goalkeeper:

Defence:

Midfield:

Attack:

Bastian Schweinsteiger

Bastian Schweinsteiger (born 1 August 1984, in Kolbermoor, Germany) is a German football player. He plays as midfielder for Chicago Fire and the Germany national team. He has a brother, Tobias, who is also a footballer and is playing for Unterhaching on loan in the third German league. As of 11 July 2015, Schweinsteiger was transferred under a disclosed fee to Manchester United after Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge announced the transfer in a press conference. Schweinsteiger has been in a relationship with Ana Ivanovic since September 2014. The couple married on 12 July 2016 in Venice.

Schweinsteiger signed with Bayern Munich as a youth team player on 1 July 1998 and soon was successful with the youth teams and the second team. He made his debut in the first team as substitute in an UEFA Championsleague match versus RC Lens in November 2002. onla a short time later he signed a professional contract for the first team. He shot his first Bayern goal against VfL Wolfsburg in September 2003.

At the beginning of the 2005/06 season he was sent back to the second team but soon came back. Over the next three seasons, up until the end of 2007–08, Schweinsteiger made 135 appearances in all competitions for Bayern Munich (UEFA Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup), scoring 10 goals. In December 2010, he prolonged his contract with Bayern until 2016. However, in July 2015 Schweinsteiger made a move to Manchester United.

Schweinsteiger made his international debut in 2004 in a friendly against Hungary. Since that time he played regularly in the German football national team. He was member of the Euro 2004 and 2008 - and World Cup 2006, 2010 and 2014 squads.


!Total||107||23






Feller Bach

The Feller Bach is a right tributary of the Moselle River in Rhineland-Palatinate (Germany). Its source is in the Hunsrück mountains. It flows through the villages Lorscheid ("Verbandsgemeinde" Ruwer), Fell and Riol ("Verbandsgemeinde" Schweich). It joins the Moselle in Riol. 

At the left there is the Thommer Bach in the Nossernvalley with the Fell Exhibition Slate Mine (Besucherbergwerk Fell).

Per Mertesacker

Per Mertesacker (born 29 September 1984 in Hanover, West Germany) is a German former football player. He played for Arsenal, before that Werder Bremen and before that, he played for Hannover. He also played for the German national team.

154||12||14||2||32||3||200||17
154||12||14||2||32||3||200||17

!Total||104||4

Bernd Schneider

Bernd Schneider (born 17 November 1973 in Jena, Germany) is a former German footballer. He played for Germany national team.

Schneider started his professional career at local Carl Zeiss Jena, going on to help the East German outfit to remain five consecutive seasons in the second division; his debut came on 13 August 1991, playing ten minutes in a 1–3 loss at Darmstadt 98.

Schneider then played one season at Eintracht Frankfurt, subsequently moving to Bayer Leverkusen, and establishing himself as an important player for both club and country. In 1999–2000 and 2001–02, he was helpful in Bayer's 2nd-place finish in the Fußball-Bundesliga. He also appeared 19 times in the side reached the 2002 Champions League Final.

More a creator than a finisher, Schneider scored a career-best ten league goals in the 2003–04 season, making him the highest-scoring midfielder in that year's competition, alongside Johan Micoud; Leverkusen finished third and, during the following season, Schneider extended his contract a few more years.

After two more seasons in which he scored ten goals and achieved 18 assists in 60 matches, Schneider began suffering back-to-back injuries: first the calf, then the back, not appearing for almost the entire 2008–09 season due to the injuries. He only managed to return to action on 16 May 2009, playing the last 20 minutes of a 5–0 home win against Borussia Mönchengladbach. The following month, he announced his retirement because he could not fully recover from the injuries.


Source:
Bayer Leverkusen

Germany

Individual

David Odonkor

David Odonkor (born February 21, 1984 in Bünde, Germany) is a German football player. At the moment, he plays for Real Betis Balompié. Until 2006, he was playing for Borussia Dortmund. For the Germany national team he has played 16 matches and made 1 goal.

75||2
40||1
115||3

!Total||16||1

Black Entertainment Television

Black Entertainment Television (BET) is an American cable television network. It is based in Washington, D.C.. The network is targeted toward African-American audiences in the United States. Most of it used to show hip hop and R&B music videos. Now it shows religious shows, movies, award shows and original television series for African-Americans.

BET was founded by Robert L. Johnson on January 25, 1980. The network started out as a two-hour Friday night show on the USA Network each week. It was on from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. (EST). They mostly showed older movies and music videos. In May of that year, BET started showing Black collegiate sporting events. In November 1980, BET added two half-hour shows, "Black Showcase" and "The Bobby Jones Gospel Show". On June 26, 1983, BET started showing "Video Soul", a music video series. On October 1 of the same year, BET started broadcasting 24 hours daily with help from Home Box Office. In the later years, BET has moved from having a variety of Black entertainment to mostly showing music videos around the clock.


CMT (American TV channel)

CMT (Country Music Television) is an American country music cable television channel. Some of the programs on the channel include country music videos, taped concerts, movies, biographies of country music stars, game shows, and reality programs.

Johnny Carson

John William "Johnny" Carson (October 23, 1925 – January 23, 2005) was an American television host and comedian, known for thirty years as host of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" (1962–1992).

Carson was born in Corning, Iowa, in 1925, to Homer Lloyd "Kit" Carson, a power company manager, and Ruth (Hook) Carson, who was of Irish ancestry. He grew up in the nearby towns of Avoca, Clarinda, and Red Oak in southwest Iowa before moving to Norfolk, Nebraska, at the age of eight. At the age of twelve, Carson found a book on magic at a friend's house and immediately purchased a mail-order magician's kit. He debuted as "The Great Carsoni" at age 14 and he was paid US$3; many other performances at local picnics and country fairs followed.
Carson joined the U.S. Navy on June 8, 1943, received V-12 officer training at Columbia University and Millsaps College, and continued to perform magic.

Carson died in West Hollywood, California from respiratory failure caused by emphysema, aged 79.

<br>


TNT (band)

TNT is a Norwegian hard rock/heavy metal band. The band was formed in Trondheim in 1982.



Anarcho-capitalism

Anarcho-capitalism is a political philosophy that says that governments are not needed but that private property rights are needed.

Anarcho-capitalism says that governments are not needed because governments either do not work or are bad.  Anarcho-capitalists normally believe that governments are bad due to their use of force.  Anarcho-capitalists' examples of government force include:

Anarcho-capitalists say that society would be better off if the good thing government did were instead done on the free market by private individuals, private companies, charities, mutual aid societies, and voluntary unions.  Anarcho-capitalists think that people will still be safe without armies and police that are paid for with taxes, and that people will be able to protect themselves by paying people or "private defence agencies" to defend them, or by setting up neighborhood watches.  Voluntarism, which is normally included as a part of anarcho-capitalist ideology, think that when people get into fights or arguments about who owns what, people should be able to get together and decide what kind of court to go to and what kind of rules they should be judged by, instead of being forced to go to a court that the government sets up.

The term "anarcho-capitalism" was coined by Jarret B. Wollstein. Anarcho-capitalists say that the government is a thief, because it takes people's money away against their will.  They also say that governments also keep people from making trades between themselves.

Most libertarians are minarchists, which means they think that there needs to be a very small government whose only purpose is to protect people's property.  Anarcho-capitalists are different because they believe society would be better off without any government, even though they are still a kind of libertarian.

In general, anarcho-capitalism is not considered anarchism. However, like anarchists, anarcho-capitalists say they are against the whole idea of hierarchy.  Anarcho-capitalists do not define hierarchy as something that exists when one person is simply seen as being more important than another person.  Anarcho-capitalist believe hierarchy exists only when a person is given the authority to use force against a nonviolent person or that person's legitimate property.  Only when "no one" is allowed to use force against nonviolent people or their legitimate property are people truly equal.  They think that only then is hierarchy no more.

Anarchists are against capitalism as they think it uses force. Anarcho-capitalists support capitalism and say everything in it is consensual.

Anarchists oppose anarcho-capitalism because they do not believe any private property is legitimate.  These anarchists would say that all property is founded on the theft of the commons (unowned land and stuff).  Many anarchists don't even think that anarcho-capitalism counts as a real form of anarchism, as this critique of property goes back to some of the earliest people calling themselves anarchists.

Anarcho-capitalists, like other libertarians and classical liberals, only believe property is legitimate when it has been gotten in the right sort of way.  If you steal (take something from someone without their permission), or hire someone to steal on your behalf, or ask the government to steal on your behalf, the property you get is not really yours.  The "real" owner is still the person or people it belonged to before it was stolen.  Anarcho-capitalists say that governments do not legitimately own anything, since governments get all of their wealth through force, including taxation and counterfeiting. Because anarcho-capitalists support private property, they believe that a person can own a building or land without actually using it. They believe that these things can be protected by private security guards.

In the eyes of anarcho-capitalists, property can only be legitimately gotten in one of three ways.  The first way is through John Locke's "homestead principle," which means that something owned by no one "becomes" your legitimate property when you "mix your labour" with the thing.  In other words, if you come across an unowned field, and you start farming it, then the land you farm becomes your property, along with all of the crops you grow.  If someone else comes along and steals all of the crops you worked on growing, that person has committed a form of force called "theft."  The second and third ways to legitimately get property is through voluntary trade or gift.

If someone has gotten something in an illegitimate way, it is not theft to take the thing back, as long as you harm no innocent person in the process.

Some anarcho-capitalists are also anarcho-pacifists, but most anarcho-capitalists are not. Anarcho-pacifists, like Robert LeFevre, believe one may never use any force at all, not even in self-defence. Most anarcho-capitalists, however, believe it is okay to use defensive force as long as it is "only" directed against those who have used non-defensive force, and as long as it is proportional to the non-defensive force.  In other words, one may not legitimately shoot a person for stealing a stick of gum, because shooting someone is a lot more forceful than stealing the gum.


Walther von der Vogelweide

Walther von der Vogelweide (born about 1170; died possibly in Würzburg around 1230) was a famous German poet and composer. He was the greatest of the German Minnesinger. These were people who wrote and sang songs about courtly love. Walther himself may have added “von der Vogelweide” to his name (it means “of the bird meadow”).

The German courtly love songs that had been written at the time were all very similar, but Walther gave these songs new life and made them very beautiful. Unfortunately we do not know any of his music, because he did not write it down. But he wrote his poems down. They are very original, sometimes humorous, sometimes serious, often just gently suggesting ideas carefully.

We do not know where Walther was born, but he wrote in a document that he had learned to sing and write poetry in Austria. The dialect he spoke shows that he must have come from Bavaria or Austria. He spent some time at the court of Duke Leopold V of Babenberg in Vienna. This was about 1190. He took part in public singing contests and had long discussions with other people about love and the way it should be written about in poetry.

In about 1198, he left Vienna and spent many years travelling around, visiting courts in Europe, entertaining dukes and princes, and singing his songs. He always wrote the words himself, he never used other poets’ words. That would have made him a simple “Spielmann”, but Walther was of noble birth (he had the title “Herr”). He often spent several weeks or months in a castle where he entertained people, and where he probably also fell in love with one of the ladies. He wrote about these love-affairs in his poetry.

Walther also wrote verses called “Sprüche" ("sayings"). These were about the history of the time. They were a kind of political propaganda and were used in political debates. Walther supported Emperor Otto IV in his arguments against the pope, persuading the emperor to go on the crusade which the pope had forbidden. We do not know whether Walther went with him on the crusade.

By this time Walther had became very famous, not just as a poet and musician but as a kind of political adviser. Walther was the first poet to write national and patriotic poetry. He also wrote a type of love poem which was new in German literature. "Unter der Linde" is the most famous of these. Here are the first two verses:


Striptease

Striptease is an entertainment, by females usually, before an audience. It is often included in the theatre form called burlesque. With music and dance, the stripper gradually removes her clothing. It is a very ancient dance form, and occurs in many societies.

Stripping is done in a teasing manner, but without being obscene (for example, by delaying to take an item off). While hiding certain parts of the body with hands or pieces of clothing, stripper dances around. Sometimes, plays are arranged, the strippers are disguised as Arabic dancers, Salome, Lolita or other well-known people. The spectator sometimes identifies with the stripper. Erotic dreams and exhibitionist fantasies may be projected into the striptease. 

The Sumerians had a myth of the goddess Inanna descending into the Underworld. At each of the seven gates, she removed an article of clothing or a piece of jewelry. As long as she remained in hell, the earth was barren. When she returned, fecundity abounded. 

Salome's dance for King Herod is referred to in the New Testament ( and ). However, the first mention of her removing seven veils is in Oscar Wilde's play of "Salome" in 1893. Some have claimed as the origin of modern striptease. After Wilde's play and Richard Strauss's opera "Salome", first performed in 1905 the erotic 'dance of the seven veils', became a standard routine in opera, vaudeville, film and burlesque. A famous early practitioner was Maud Allan who in 1907 gave a private performance of the dance to Edward VII.

In ancient Greece, the lawgiver Solon established several classes of prostitutes in the late 6th century BC. Among these were the "auletrides": female dancers, acrobats, and musicians, noted for dancing naked in an alluring fashion in front of audiences of men. In ancient Rome, dance featuring stripping was part of the Floralia, an April festival. 

Empress Theodora, wife of 6th-century Byzantine emperor Justinian is reported by several ancient sources to have started in life as a courtesan and actress who performed in acts inspired from mythological themes and in which she disrobed "as far as the laws of the day allowed". She was famous for her striptease performance of "Leda and the Swan". From these accounts, it appears that the practice was not exceptional or new. It was, however, actively opposed by the Christian Church, which got statutes banning it in the following century. The degree to which these statutes were enforced is open to question. No practice of the sort is reported in texts of the European Middle Ages.

In the 1880s and 1890s, Parisian shows such as the Moulin Rouge and Folies Bergère had attractive scantily-clad women dancing and "tableaux vivants" (static poses). Acts in the 1890s had a woman slowly removed clothes in a vain search for a flea crawling on her body. The "People's Almanac" credits this as the origin of modern striptease.

Starting in 1905, Mata Hari entered the scene. On the invitation of Emile Guimet she danced before a carefully chosen audience. The scene at the end of the show, where she was naked was a sensation. Similar performances, at the requests of Baron von Rothschild, Cécile Sorel, Gaston Menier and Natalie Clifford Barney followed. Mata Hari had never learned how to dance, and had never studied Indian and oriental dancing. Her dances were a product of her imagination. In 1917, Mata Hari was charged with espionage and sentenced to death. She was shot, on 15 October 1917, in Vincennes, near Paris. 

Another landmark performance was the appearance at the Moulin Rouge in 1907 of an actress called Germaine Aymos who entered dressed only in three very small shells. In the 1930s the famous Josephine Baker danced semi-nude in the "danse sauvage" at the Folies and other such performances were provided at the Tabarin. These shows were notable for their sophisticated choreography and often dressing the girls in glitzy sequins and feathers. By the 1960s "fully nude" shows were provided at such places as Le Crazy Horse Saloon.

After the war, in the 1950s striptease became the motor of an emerging sex industry (mainly focused on publications, like Playboy). Paris saw the opening of the high-society strip clubs, like the Alcazar or the Crazy Horse.

In modern times, the art of striptease gets lost more and more. In the 1990s, a German private TV channel (called RTL) made a strip show called Tutti Frutti. Since then, during the night, many TV stations have women, who try to get rid of their clothes (without even dancing), while they advertise some phone sex numbers (or other prime-rate numbers). 

There is also a film called "Striptease". It plays in US strip clubs, without giving much background information.

Originally, striptease was only done by women. Today, a very small number of male strippers are there. Among the most notable of them are the Chippendales.

Roald Dahl

Roald Dahl (13 September 1916 – 23 November 1990) was a British novelist, poet, screenwriter, short-story writer and wartime fighter pilot. He was best known for his children's novels.

Dahl was born on 13 September 1916 in Llandaff, Cardiff, Wales to Norwegian parents. He was educated in England, Llandaff Cathedral School, and then worked in Africa for the Shell Oil Company. In the Second World War, he was an RAF fighter pilot. It was after an air-crash and "a monumental bash on the head" that he began to write. The crash was the subject of his first published story, "Shot Down Over Libya".He wrote Matilda and The Twits 

He wanted to become an adult book writer but ended up as a children's book writer. He had a tragic life since his father and oldest sister both died when he was young. Roald Dahl said that the key to his success rested in sympathizing with children and realizing that to children, parents and school teachers are the enemy.

Dahl wrote many famous children's stories and adult horror stories. Many of his books and stories have been made into films and television shows all over the world. Among his most popular books are "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", "James and the Giant Peach", "Matilda", "The Witches", "The BFG", and "Kiss Kiss". Many of his children's books have pictures drawn by Quentin Blake.

Dahl was married to Patricia Neal from 1953 until they divorced in 1983. They had four daughters (one of whom died before them) and a son. Dahl was married to Felicity Crosland from 1983 until his death. He lived in Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire. He died on 23 November 1990 in Oxford, from myelodysplastic syndrome, aged 74.

Model Sophie Dahl is his granddaughter.

There is a Roald Dahl Museum and Story Centre in Great Missenden.




Let There Be Rock

Let There Be Rock is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was released on June 23, 1977.


Electrical energy

Electrical energy can refer to several closely related things. It can mean:


In any of these cases, the SI unit of electrical energy is the joule; which is the amount of energy used by a one-watt load, such as a tiny light bulb, drawing power for one second. The unit used by many electrical utility companies is the watt-hour (Wh); which is the amount of energy used by the same one-watt load drawing power for one hour. The kilowatt-hour (kWh), which is 1,000 times larger than a watt-hour, is a useful size for measuring the energy use of households and small businesses. A typical household uses several hundred kilowatt-hours per month. The megawatt-hour (MWh), which is 1,000 times larger than the kilowatt-hour, is used for measuring the energy output of large power plants.

The terms "electrical energy" and "electric power" are frequently used interchangeably. However, in physics, and electrical engineering, "energy" and "power" have different meanings. Power is energy per unit time. The SI unit of power and electricity is the watt. One watt is a joule per second. In other words, the phrases "flow of power," and "consume a quantity of electric power" are both incorrect and should be changed to "flow of energy" and "consume a quantity of electrical energy."


Power (physics)

In physics, power (symbol: "P") is how fast work is done or energy is given from one thing to another. In the SI system of measurement, power is measured in watts (symbol: W). 

It may take a certain amount of work to make a change in the world, such as lifting a heavy weight to a higher level. It makes no difference if the weight is lifted slowly or quickly. The same amount of work will have been performed. The difference between a slow lift and a quick lift is that a quick lift requires more power. This means the work can be done in a shorter time if there is more power available.

As a rate of change of work done or the energy of a subsystem, power is:

where

Power is also equal to force times velocity (or speed).

In optics, or radiometry, the term "power" sometimes refers to radiant flux. This is the average rate of energy transport by electromagnetic radiation, measured in watts. But the term "power" is also used to express the ability of a lens or other optical device to focus light. It is measured in dioptres (inverse metres), and is equal to one over the focal length of the optical device.

List of Byzantine emperors

This is a list of the Emperors of the late Eastern Roman Empire, called Byzantine by modern historians. This list does not include many of the emperors that ruled with someone else.

The title of all Emperors before Heraclius was Augustus, but other titles such as Dominus were also used. After Heraclius, the title was changed to the Greek Basileus. This title used to mean "king", "sovereign" but was now used in place of Augustus.

This list begins with Constantine I the Great, the first Christian emperor reigning from Constantinople.

At around this time the emperors began using the title "Βασιλευς Βασιλεων Βασιλευων Βασιλευσιν", that is, "Emperor of Emperors, ruling over those who rule."

In 1453 Mehmed II overthrew the Byzantine Empire and claimed the title of Kaisar; his successors continued this claim. See Ottomans for the complete list of Ottoman sultans.



Maroon 5

Maroon 5 is an American pop rock band. It is based in Los Angeles, California. It used to be called Kara's Flowers. The band members are vocalist Adam Levine, guitarist James Valentine, bassist Mickey Madden, percussionist Matt Flynn, and keyboardists Jesse Carmichael and PJ Morton.

The band has released six studio albums: "Songs About Jane" (2002), "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" (2007), "Hands All Over" (2010), "Overexposed" (2012), "V" (2014), and "Red Pill Blues" (2017). All those albums charted in the top 3 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart. The band has sold more than 27 million albums and 109 million singles worldwide.

Maroon 5 was formed at a performing arts summer camp called French Woods Festival in New York. 
In 1994 the band known today as "Maroon 5" was a Los Angeles, California grunge band. The members were singer Adam Levine, guitarist Jesse Carmichael, drummer Ryan Dusick, and bassist Michael Madden.

In 1997, the group signed with Reprise Records and released the studio album "The Fourth World". In 2001, James Valentine (guitarist) joined the band. In 2006, Dusick left the band. Matt Flynn replaced him as drummer. The band's first album using the name Maroon 5 was "Songs About Jane", released in 2002.

On June 22, 2011, the group released the single "Moves Like Jagger" featuring pop singer Christina Aguilera. The release was in promotion of the NBC show "The Voice". The song became #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Levine won the first American season of "The Voice" in June 2011 with his partner Javier Colon. The band said that they would be working on a fourth studio album released before 2012. A song titled "Life After you" was expected to be recorded and released in early 2012. A song titled "Wipe Your Eyes" was leaked on the web January 15, 2012 and is said to have been produced by music producer J.R. Rotem.
On March 26, 2012, "Rolling Stone" magazine announced that the group would release their fourth studio album "Overexposed" on June 26, 2012. The band had worked with headlining producer Max Martin, along with Benjamin Levin and lead singer of OneRepublic, Ryan Tedder. The lead single off the album, "Payphone", was released on April 17, 2012.

In 2014, the fifth studio album "V" was released.

On November 3, 2017, the album Red Pill Blues was released.

The band announced that their seventh album, "Jordi" (named after Levine's friend and the band's former manager, Jordan Feldstein, brother of actor Jonah Hill), would be released on June 11, 2021.







Jens Lehmann

Jens Lehmann (born 10 November 1969 in Essen, Germany) is a former German football player. He played for teams in Germany, Italy and England. Lehmann was the goalkeeper of the Germany national team. He played 61 matches for the national team.

Schalke 04

Milan

Borussia Dortmund

Arsenal

Germany

Individual


Karlsruher SC

Karlsruher SC is a German football club in the second division (2. Bundesliga).


Goalkeepers:

Defences:

Middlefields:

Strikers:

Winned Cups:

Championchips:

Pokalchampion:

A.C. Milan

A.C. Milan is an Italian football club in Milan.

They were started in 1899 by two Englishmen, Herbet Kilpin and Alfred Edwards after a heavy drinking session in the Fiaschetteria Toscana tavern in Milan.

Herbet Kilpin became the first team coach and captain whilst Alfred Edwards became the first club president.

Their first name was Milan Cricket and Football Club. They have won the Serie A football league 18 times and the Coppa Italia football cup 5 times. They have won more trophies than any Italian club except for Juventus. In the 2005/06 season, they were punished for setting up the results. They started the 2006/07 season with an 8-point deficit, but they managed to end up fourth and win the UEFA Champions League qualification games. A.C.Milan won the 2006/07 UEFA Champions League in the final at Athens versus Liverpool. 2 to 1 was the score for the Italian team.

They play at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza Stadium, also known as San Siro because Giuseppe Meazza was a star playing for arch rival, Inter Milan.

The club was founded by as Milan Football and Cricket Club by an Englishman named Herbert Kilpin. Because of its English origins, in both English and Italian, the club uses the English name "Milan" instead of the Italian name . A similar naming convention exists for Genoa CFC, which uses the name "Genoa" instead of because of its English origins.



 

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Might be restored for one of his two sons, should either of them play professionally for the club.

Milan has had numerous presidents over the course of its history, some of whom have been owners of the club while others have been honorary presidents. Here is a complete list of them.
Nereo Rocco, the most successful manager in the history of A.C. Milan with 10 trophies.

Below is a list of Milan coaches from 1900 until the present day.


Germany national football team

The Germany national football team ( or "Die Mannschaft") is the national football team in Germany. The team has won the 1954 FIFA World Cup, 1974 FIFA World Cup, 1990 FIFA World Cup and 2014 FIFA World Cup. The team came as second in the 1966 FIFA World Cup, 1982 FIFA World Cup, 1986 FIFA World Cup and in 2002 FIFA World Cup. In the 1934 FIFA World Cup, 1970 FIFA World Cup, 2006 FIFA World Cup and 2010 FIFA World Cup, the team got third place. The current coach is Joachim Löw and soon to be Hansi Flick.

From 1950 to 1990, the team was mainly West Germany. Other teams were around that are now part of Germany. These include the East German team (1952-1990) and the Saarland team (1950-1956).

Germany has always been one of the best teams in the world. Germany is the only team to have won men's and women's world cup titles. Also, Germany's main rivals are England, the Netherlands and Argentina.

The teams recent performance in a tournament was a victory over Argentina to win the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In the semi-final against Brazil, Germany thrashed them with a 7–1 win, making it the largest win in FIFA World Cup semi-final history. Miroslav Klose, one of the greatest German players of all time, also scored a record breaking goal that made him the top scorer in FIFA World Cup history.

After another World Cup exit in 1998, Germany's status as one of the best teams in the world was beginning to go away. In the UEFA Euro 2000, Germany failed to advance to the next round, after losing two matches and one draw in the group stage. The manager at the time then resigned and was replaced by Rudi Völler.

Going into the 2002 FIFA World Cup, the expectations for Germany was low because of the mediocre performance in the qualifiers. However, they performed very well in the World Cup, eventually making it to the finals but losing to Brazil 0–2. Miroslav Klose of Germany won the Silver Boot and Oliver Kahn won the Golden Ball.

Germany again failed to advance to the next round in the UEFA Euro 2004 after they tied two matches and lost one. The manager Rudi Völler resigned shortly afterwards. Jürgen Klinsmann then replaced him, although having no experience. Joachim Löw was also assigned to assist him. Klinsmann made Michael Ballack captain after the Euro 2004. Klinsmann main goal was to help Germany perform well in the next world cup.
Before the tournament, not many people expected Germany to do well because of their performance in the last tournaments. However, Germany won the first match of the tournament against Costa Rica. They continued to build confidence, and they eventually advanced to next stage with three wins in the group stage. Germany then beat Sweden 2–0 in the Round of 16.

Germany then faced favourites Argentina in the quarter-finals. Argentina took the lead first in the match with a goal by Roberto Ayala in the 49th minute. Miroslav Klose then equalized with a goal at the 80th minute. The game later went to a penalty shootout, with Germany winning 4–2 and their goalkeeper Jens Lehmann making two saves.

Although many then expected Germany to reach the final, they lost in the Semi-finals to Italy after Italy scored two goals in extra time. However, the German team went on to thrash Portugal 3–1 in the third place match. After the World Cup, Miroslav Klose won the Golden Boot and Lukas Podolski won the Best Young Player award.Also, four of Germany's players were put in the All-Star squad. When the German team arrived back in Berlin, they were greeted by 500,000 fans who were all honoring the German team.

Klinsmann left the German team after the World Cup, with Joachim Löw taking the throne. Löw was known for often putting young players in the team. The German team then easily qualified for the UEFA Euro 2008. In the final tournament, Germany advanced to the next round after they finished the group stage with two wins and one loss to Croatia. Germany then played Portugal in the quarter-finals and beat them 3–2 with goals from Bastian Schweinsteiger, Miroslav Klose and Michael Ballack. They then went to the Semi-finals against Turkey and barely defeated them 3–2 after Philipp Lahm scored on the 90th minute. In the final of the Euro 2008, Spain were the favourites but Germany was believed to have a chance. Spain took control of the game and with Fernando Torres's goal, Spain won the tournament.

Germany easily qualified in their qualifying group against Azerbaijan, Finland, Liechtenstein, Russia and Wales. In the tournament, Germany advanced through the group stage after winning two games and loosing one against Serbia. Germany then went on to dominate the Round of 16 and Quarter-finals after defeating England 4–1 and thrashing Argentina 4–0. In the semi-finals, Germany lost to Spain 1–0. Germany then beat Uruguay 3–2 to become the third place medal winners. Thomas Müller won the Golden Boot and the Best Young Player award. Germany also scored the most than any other team in the tournament, with 16 goals.

Germany won all ten of their qualifying matches for the UEFA Euro 2012. They later were placed in Group B along with Portugal, the Netherlands and Denmark. The team went on to win all their matches in the group stage and broke a record of 15 consecutive wins in all matches. They then beat Greece 4–2 in the quarter-finals with goals from Philipp Lahm, Sami Khedira, Miroslav Klose and Marco Reus. However, they lost to Italy 1–2 in the semi-finals.

Germany almost had ten straight wins in the qualifying round for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. However, in a game against Sweden, the team conceded 4 goals when they were up 4–0 up. The team performed well in the international friendlies before the World Cup with an unbeaten streak. Their most notable win was against Armenia, where they won 6–1. Germany was put in Group G with Portugal, Ghana and the United States.

The first match against Portugal ended with Germany defeating them 4–0; with the help of Thomas Müller's hat-trick. Their second game against Ghana ended with a 2–2 draw after Miroslav Klose equalized the score. Their final game ended with a win against the United States after Thomas Müller scored at the 55th minute. In the quarter-finals, Mats Hummels scored the winning goal at the 13th minute, meaning that Germany advanced to their fourth consecutive semi-final in the FIFA World Cup. In the semi-final against Brazil, Germany thrashed them with a 7–1 win, making it the largest win in FIFA World Cup semi-final history. Miroslav Klose also scored a record breaking goal that made him the top scorer in FIFA World Cup history. The win began to be known as the Miracle of Belo Horizonte. Germany then went on to their 8th World Cup final in history. In the final, Mario Götze scored at the 113th minute to help Germany defeat Argentina 1–0.

Germany was put in a qualifying group with Poland, Republic of Ireland, Scotland, Georgia and Gibraltar. They qualified at the top of their group after 7 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses. They are currently placed with Ukraine, Poland and Northern Ireland in the group stage.

The following 26 players were selected for the UEFA Euro 2020.

"Caps and goals correct as of 29 June 2021, after the match against England."

The following players have also been called up to the Germany squad within the last 12 months and are still available for selection.





Recent results and scheduled matches according to the DFB, UEFA and FIFA websites.

Germany doesn't have an official stadium, so they use many stadiums. The city of Berlin has been the host of the most German games (44 times). The Olympiastadion Berlin is the most commonly used stadium in Berlin, and it holds 74,500 seats. Other common cities to host games have been Hamburg (33 matches), Stuttgart (31), Hanover (26) and Dortmund. Another popular location is Munich, which hosted the 1974 FIFA World Cup Final, where Germany defeated the Netherlands.




Larissa

Larissa () is the capital city of the Thessaly periphery of Greece, and capital of the Larissa Prefecture. Larissa is found in the north of the Thessaly plain near at the foot of the mountain Olympus. Its population is 131,496 inhabitants. Larissa is crossed by Pineios river. The most interest sight in Larissa is the ancient theater which is located in the center of the city. 

Steven Gerrard

Steven George Gerrard (born 30 May 1980) is an English professional football manager and former player who is the current manager of Saudi Pro League club Al-Ettifaq. He was a Liverpool great who spent the majority of his career at Anfield. He wore the number 8, playing from 1997 until 2015. He was also the England captain, for which he wore the number 4. He usually plays as a central midfielder. He played for Los Angeles Galaxy for two years before retiring at the end of the 2017 season.

Gerarrd was born in Whiston Hospital but he grew up in the Liverpool suburb of Huyton.
Gerrard was engaged to Alex Curran and they married on 16 June 2007. They have three daughters: Lilly-Ella Gerrard (born on 23 February 2004), Lexie Gerrard (born on 9 May 2006) and Lourdes Gerrard (born on 2 November 2011).

On 1 September 2006, he published his first autobiography, entitled "Gerrard: My Autobiography".

Gerrard also started training with his boyhood club on 30 November 2015.

Gerrard also recently started a punditry job on BT Sport Europe.

Liverpool

Individual


Rangers

Individual


Ikebana

Ikebana (Japanese: 生け花 or いけばな) is the Japanese art of making flower arrangements. The word "Ikebana" means " to make alive flowers". People who want to do Ikebana have to learn many things. It is not just about putting flowers in a vase. Japanese flower arrangements often have special meanings.

There are many ways in which Ikebana can be taught. These schools (ways of teaching) include Ikenobo, Sogetsu, Ohara.

Ikenobo is very well known. Until the Mid-Edo Period it was only for upper class people. Ikenobo was started by a Buddhist priest called Ikenobo Senkei in the 15th century. It uses standing flowers (called "rikka"). It is a Buddhist way of showing the beauty of nature. There are 7 branches. Each branch represents something in nature, e.g. a hill, valley, waterfall etc. Later, in the 17th century, it became simpler and was called "shoka". Shoka uses just 3 branches called "ten" (heaven), "chi" (earth) and "jin" (man). 

Another form of Ikebana is called cha-bana. It is used in tea ceremony. ikebana is used in homes too. 

Today Ikebana is very popular among all classes of people in Japan. 15 million people in Japan practice Ikebana.

Venom (band)

Venom are a black metal band from Newcastle upon Tyne, England. The band was formed in 1979. Venom is considered to be (one of) the first Black Metal bands.






Venom (disambiguation)

Venom may mean different things:


Scottsdale, Tasmania

Scottsdale is a town in the north-east of Tasmania, Australia. It is 63 km northeast of Launceston and 22 km southeast of town of Bridport. It is part of the Dorset Council.

The area was first surveyed in 1855 and was described as, ""the best soil on the island ... well watered, with a mild climate"" by surveyor James Scott. The town was named after him. Scottsdale is now a major agricultural centre.

Torsten Frings

Torsten Frings (born 22 November 1976 in Würselen, Germany) is a former German football player and current manager. At the moment he playes for the Canadian soccer club Toronto FC. Before his change, he played for the German club Werder Bremen, Bayern Munich (2004 until 2005), Borussia Dortmund (2002 until 2004) and Werder Bremen (1997 until 2002).

He has played for the Germany national team since 2001.

Werder Bremen

Bayern Munich

Toronto FC

Germany

Individual

David Letterman

David Michael Letterman (born April 12, 1947) is an American television host and comedian. He currently hosts "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman" on Netflix.
He hosted the late night television talk show "Late Show with David Letterman" on CBS. Letterman also hosted "Late Night with David Letterman" on NBC. In 2013, Letterman surpassed friend and mentor Johnny Carson as the longest-serving late-night talk show host in TV history, at 31 years.

Letterman's ironic comedy is similar to comedians such as Andy Kaufman, Ernie Kovacs, and "Tonight Show" hosts Johnny Carson and Steve Allen.

Letterman was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. His father, Harry Joseph Letterman, was a florist of English ancestry; his mother Dorothy Letterman, a church secretary of German ancestry, has been an occasional figure on the show, usually at holidays and birthdays.

He lived on the north side of Indianapolis, not far from the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. He enjoyed collecting model cars, including racers. In 2000, he told an interviewer for "Esquire" that, while growing up, he admired his father's ability to tell jokes and be the life of the party. Harry Joseph Letterman survived a heart attack at age 36, when David was a young boy. The fear of losing his father was constantly with Letterman as he grew up. The elder Letterman died of a second heart attack at age 57.


Tide

A tide is the periodic rising and falling of Earth's ocean surface caused mainly by the gravitational pull of the Moon acting on the oceans. Tides cause changes in the depth of marine and estuarine (river mouth) waters. Tides also make oscillating currents known as tidal streams (~'rip tides'). This means that being able to predict the tide is important for coastal navigation. The strip of seashore that is under water at high tide and exposed at low tide, called the intertidal zone, is an important ecological product of ocean tides.

The height of tides varies somewhat with the phases of the Moon. At New Moon and Full Moon, tides are higher because the Sun's tidal force adds to the Moon's. This is called "spring tide".

In most places, there are two tides a day. They each have a high point (the high tide) and a low point (the low tide). We speak of a "flood tide" coming in towards high tide, and an "ebb tide" going out towards low tide.

The period of the tide is about 12 hours and 25.2 minutes, exactly half a "tidal lunar day". 

The Moon orbits the Earth in the same direction as the Earth rotates on its axis, so it takes slightly more than a day—about 24 hours and 50 minutes—for the Moon to return to the same location in the sky. During this time, it has passed overhead once and underfoot once, so in many places the period of strongest tidal forcing is the above-mentioned, about 12 hours and 25 minutes. This is analogous to the minute hand on a watch crossing the hour hand at 12:00 and then again at about 1:05½ (not at 1:00).

Because a gravitational field weakens with distance, the Moon's gravity exerts a slightly stronger pulling force on the side of the Earth facing the Moon, and a slightly weaker force on the opposite side. The Moon thus tends to "stretch" the Earth slightly along the line connecting the two bodies. The solid Earth deforms a bit, but ocean water, being fluid, is free to move much more in response to the tidal force, particularly horizontally. As the Earth rotates, the magnitude and direction of the tidal force at any particular point on the Earth's surface change constantly; although the ocean never reaches equilibrium—there is never time for the fluid to "catch up" to the state it would eventually reach if the tidal force were constant—the changing tidal force nonetheless causes rhythmic changes in sea surface height.

Other things, such as atmospheric pressure and the Sun's gravity, also affect the tides, but in most places those things do much less than the Moon's gravity does.

In the long term the tidal effect is considerably more than people suppose. In the four billion years the Earth has had its satellite for most of this time. The Moon moves very slightly away from Earth each year, and the Earth's rotation slows a bit. This extends the length of the days by just under two milliseconds every hundred years. Doesn't sound much, but it has lengthened the year on Earth. It is estimated that 620 million years ago (that's about the Cambrian era) the day was slightly less than 22 hours long!




Tidal force

Tidal force is caused by gravity and makes tides happen. This is because the gravitational field changes across the middle of a body (the diameter). 


Tidal energy

Tidal energy, sometimes called "tidal power", is using the energy contained in moving water in tides and open ocean currents for hydroelectricity. 

Tidal energy systems can extract either kinetic energy (energy caused by movement) from the moving water of rivers, tides and open ocean currents; or potential energy from the difference in height (or "head") between high and low tides. The first method - generating energy from tidal currents - is becoming more popular because people believe that it does not harm the environment as much as barrages or dams. Many coastal sites worldwide are being examined to see if they can be used to produce tidal (current) energy. 

Like other hydroelectricity (electricity made using water), tidal power produces no pollution and is a renewable energy source, because tides are caused by events that happen in the solar system and so will not run out. Tidal power has great potential for future power and electricity generation because of the very large amount of energy contained in these rotational systems. Tidal power is reliably predictable (unlike wind power and solar power). In Europe, tide mills have been used for nearly 1,000 years, mainly for grinding grains. Modern tide mills provide tidal stream power.

Many things affect tides. The pull of the Moon is the largest effect, and most of the energy comes from the slowing of the Earth's spin.


Evangeline Lilly

Nicole Evangeline Lilly (born August 3, 1979) is a Canadian actress, known for her leading role as Kate Austen on the ABC drama mystery series "Lost", which ran for six seasons (2004–2010).

Evangeline was once married to Canadian hockey player Murray Hone. She also dated Dominic Monaghan, who was also on "Lost". The two broke up in 2007.

Her nicknames include "Evi" and "Monkey". The other actors on "Lost" gave her the name "Monkey" because she can climb trees easily, a skill that her character Kate also has. "Lost"-actor Josh Holloway also calls her "Freckles", sharing the nickname his character Sawyer gave her.


View

A view is what can be seen in somebody's vision. A view can also be a very scenic image. It can also be someone's opinion on something or how they look at something.

There are many types of views.



Greystones

Greystones () is a coastal town in County Wicklow, Ireland. It is on Ireland’s east coast, south of Bray and south of Dublin (it is within the Greater Dublin Area), with 15,000 people living in the region.


Courtly love

Courtly love is a special idea of love that people had in Europe in the Middle Ages. The word "court" means the courts where princes or dukes lived. Courtly love is usually when a young man, who may be a peasant or even a simple King, falls in love with a rich lady and tries to make himself worthy of her by doing brave things or by singing beautiful love songs.

The idea of courtly love can be found in a lot of literature e.g. in works by Geoffrey Chaucer, Dante, Gottfried von Strassburg, Walther von der Vogelweide, Wolfram von Eschenbach, Malory and William Shakespeare.


Royal court

A royal court or noble court is the household of a royal family—including its advisors and attendants. The building is often called a palace, but the "royal court" means not just the buildings but all the royal household (all the people who live and work there). Someone who has a rank in a royal court is called a court official or courtier. A royal court can also include the wives and concubines of the ruler.

It is called a court because in early times the palace would have a court (an enclosed space) at the front.

In history there were great rulers who held important courts, e.g. Charlemagne.

A famous example is Hampton Court on the river Thames in London where Henry VIII had his court. Today the King holds court at Buckingham Palace.


Statesman

A statesman or stateswoman is a respected, skilled and experienced political leader or figure. In most respects a statesman is the opposite of a politician. Politicians are thought of as people who will say or do anything to get elected or to gain power. A statesman is someone who does everything for the common good of the people he or she represents. To call a person a statesman is a mark of high regard for that person's integrity. To call someone a politician usually implies the person is worthy of very little esteem. For example, George Washington is almost always called a statesman. An elder statesman is a term often defined as an older politician or advisor who is thought to be above normal politics.

In 51 BC, Cicero published his work "De re publica" ("On the Republic"). The dialog was about what made a true statesman. It was about the virtues and ideals such a leader must have. Cicero wrote that a great statesman did not have to descend from aristocrats. But he must have "virtus" (virtue), "iustitia" (a sense of justice) and wisdom. He must also have "dignitas" (roughly translated as dignity), temperance and must show generosity and be magnanimous.

A statesman has certain core values and will not change beliefs simply to advance a political career. If a change in policy is necessary for the good of the people he or she serves, the change will be made no matter how much it is criticized. According to Hans J. Morgenthau, author of "Politics Among Nations", statesmen see things realistically; as they really are. They look at how a policy will affect a nation. A statesman is not the same as a monarch or king because their goals are not the same. A statesman does not want to dominate or control people, he or she wants to educate them so they are fit to live in a democracy. Like Plato before him, Alexis de Tocqueville believed that a statesman not only educated his or her people, he somehow shaped their character.

When Abraham Lincoln became President of the United States in 1861, most people saw an awkward, rumpled country bumpkin. He had never traveled to Europe and was seen by the American people and foreign dignitaries alike as crude and unsophisticated. The Dutch minister reported of Lincoln: “He and his wife seem like . . . western farmers, and even in this country, where one has no right to be fastidious, their common manners and their ways expose them in unfortunate fashion to ridicule.” While many do not remember Lincoln as a great foreign-policy president, he actually was. Like a true statesman, Lincoln adeptly guided foreign policy at a time of great peril during the Civil War when the United States was vulnerable to foreign intervention. According to Kevin Peraino, Lincoln "should be considered one of America’s seminal foreign-policy presidents — a worthy model for students of global affairs." Historians have long shown Lincoln to have been a great statesman who worked tirelessly to build his country into something greater than it was. He laid the groundwork for America's later rise to become a world power.




Chris Gueffroy

Chris Gueffroy (21 June 1968 in Pasewalk – 6 February 1989 in Berlin) was the last person to be killed by border troops while trying to escape across the Berlin Wall.

Gueffroy and his friend Christian Gaudian tried to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin on the night of 5 to 6 February 1989. They tried to cross near the Britz district canal.

Gueffroy and Gaudian thought that the "Schießbefehl", the order to shoot anyone who attempted to cross the wall, had been stopped. Climbing the last metal fence, the two were seen and shot at by the National People's Army (NVA) border troops. Gueffroy was hit in the chest by ten shots and died in the border strip.

Gaudian was badly injured, and was arrested and was sentenced on 24 May 1989 to imprisonment for three years by the Pankow district court for trying illegally to cross the border (""versuchten ungesetzlichen Grenzübertritts im schweren Fall"").

In September 1989 Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on 17 October 1989 he was transferred to West Berlin.
The four border guards at first got an award ("Leistungsabzeichen der Grenztruppen") from the chief of the local border guards, Erich Wöllner, and a prize of 150 East German Marks each. After the reunification of East and West Germany, they were prosecuted by Berlin regional court. Two of them were released in January 1992. Ingo Heinrich, who fired the shot that killed Gueffroey was sentenced to three and a half years in jail. The Bundesgerichtshof reduced the penalty to a suspended sentence of two years in 1994.

In 2000, two SED officials, Siegfried Lorenz and Hans-Joachim Böhme, were tried for the death of Gueffroy and two other young men, but acquitted as the judge could find no evidence that they might have been able to lift the shoot-to-kill order. The case was retried on 7 August 2004, and the two men were found guilty and given suspended sentences of 15 months each. The judge explained that the short sentences were due to the length of time since the events. This was the last case concerning deaths on the inner German border.

On 21 June 2003, which would have been his 35th birthday, a monument to Gueffroy was built on the banks of the Britz district canal. The monument was designed by Berlin artist Karl Biedermann.

Electricity generation

]

Electricity generation is the making of electricity for use by people. Most comes from rotary electrical generators turned by various engines.

Making electricity in one central place became useful when electric power distribution was possible. This required power transformers which could change voltage. Electricity could be sent as alternating current along electric power lines for great distances cheaply.

People have been using electric light bulbs, electric motors, and other things that use electricity since the late 19th century. Different sources of energy have been used to run generators, including coal, nuclear, natural gas, hydroelectric, and petroleum power and a small amount from solar energy, tidal harnesses, wind generators, and geothermal sources.

The demand for electricity can be met in two different ways. The main method is to build large centralized projects to generate and transmit the electricity required. Many of these projects have caused unpleasant environmental effects such as air or radiation pollution and the flooding of large areas of land.

Distributed generation creates power on a smaller scale at locations on the electricity network. These sites often generate electricity as a byproduct of other industry such as using gas from landfills to power turbines.

Rotating turbines attached to electrical generators produce most commercially available electricity. Turbines are driven by a fluid which acts as an intermediate energy carrier. The fluids typically used are:

Combined cycle gas turbine plants are driven by both steam and gas. They generate power by burning natural gas in a gas turbine and use residual heat to generate additional electricity from steam. These plants offer efficiencies of up to 60%.

Small electricity generators are often powered by reciprocating engines burning diesel fuel, biogas or natural gas. Diesel generators are often used for backup power, usually at low voltages. Biogas is often combusted where it is produced, such as a landfill or wastewater treatment plant, with a reciprocating engine or a microturbine, which is a small gas turbine.

Unlike the solar heat concentrators, photovoltaic panels convert sunlight directly to electricity. Although sunlight is free, solar panels cost a lot of money to make and have only a 10-20% conversion efficiency. Until recently, photovoltaics were most commonly used in remote sites where there is no access to a commercial power grid, or as an extra electricity source for individual homes and businesses. Recent advances in manufacturing efficiency and photovoltaic technology, combined with subsidies driven by environmental concerns, have dramatically accelerated the deployment of solar panels. Installed solar capacity is growing by 30% per year in several regions including Germany, Japan, California and New Jersey.


Casey Kasem

Casey Kasem (born Kemal Amin Kasem; April 27, 1932– June 15, 2014) was an American radio personality, music historian, actor, and voice artist. He is known for his many voice roles in cartoons and for being a public radio personality.

Kasem was born Kemal Amin Kasem in Detroit, Michigan, on April 27, 1932, to Lebanese immigrant parents. They settled in Michigan, where they worked as grocers. Kasem graduated from Northwestern High School in Detroit and Wayne State University.

Kasem's career began in the radio business in the 1950s in Flint, Michigan. He then made his first movie appearance in "Easy Rider" in 1967.

He was the host of the weekly "American Top 40" radio show from 1970 to 1988, and again from March 1998 until January 10, 2004. Ryan Seacrest is now the host. Kasem is the host of two weekly radio shows, "American Top 20 with Casey Kasem" and "American Top 10 with Casey Kasem".

Kasem did the voice of many advertisements, has done many voices for "Sesame Street", and is the voice of 'Shaggy' for the animated television show "Scooby-Doo".

Kasem retired in 2009 because of old age and health concerns.

Kasem married Linda Myers in 1972. The couple had three children. Kasem then married Jean Thompson in 1980. The couple had one child. Kasem lived in Washington state.

Kasem was a Democrat. He narrated television ads for 1972 president candidate George McGovern's campaign.

On May 12, 2014, Kasem was declared missing by a Los Angeles court judge ordered an investigation for his whereabouts. Soon after, Kasem was found alive in Washington state.

Kasem suffered from Parkinson's disease and an early form of dementia.

On June 6, 2014, Kasem was in critical but stable condition at a hospital in Washington state hospital, receiving antibiotic treatment from blood pressure and bedsores. He also suffered from Lewy body disease, the most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer's and was bed-ridden.

Kasem died in Gig Harbor, Washington from complications of dementia and sepsis, aged 82. On August 14 it was reported in the Norwegian newspaper "Verdens Gang" that Kasem was going to be buried in Oslo. The funeral administration of Oslo, Norway confirmed that Kasem was buried at Vestre Gravlund in Oslo on December 16, 2014.



Bloc Party

Bloc Party is a British indie rock band. The band has four members: Kele Okereke sings and plays rhythm guitar, Russell Lissack plays the lead guitar, Justin Harris plays bass guitar, and Louise Bartle plays the drums. The band's music has been compared to bands such as the Cure, Gang of Four and the Strokes.

The band formed during the 1999 Reading Festival. They tried many different names before they chose Bloc Party. Moakes joined after reading an advertisement in "NME" magazine. Tong was picked through an audition. The band was first noticed when they gave BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and Franz Ferdinand's lead singer Alex Kapranos a copy of its music demo, "She's Hearing Voices". It was later released as a single.

In February 2005, the band released its debut album, "Silent Alarm". It received great reviews from many critics, and made "NME"'s Album of the Year list. The album was successful enough to reach platinum status in the UK a year later. The band released its second album, "A Weekend in the City", in 2007. This album reached number two on the UK album chart and number twelve on the "Billboard" 200. In August 2008, the band released their third album, "Intimacy". 4 years later, in 2012, the band released their fourth album, Four, and in 2016, the band released their fifth album, Hymns.

Russell Lissack and Kele Okereke first met in 1998 in Essex. They saw each other again in 1999 at the Reading Festival and then decided to form a band. Bass guitar player Gordon Moakes joined after answering an advertisement in "NME", and drummer Matt Tong joined after an audition. They were called Union at the start, the band chose to call themselves Bloc Party in September 2003 as another way of saying "block party". The band have said in interviews that the name was not supposed to be related to the Soviet Bloc or the Canadian political party Bloc Québécois. However, Gordon Moakes said on the group's official Internet forum that the name was made by joining the eastern "Blocs" and the western "parties", in the political sense. Moakes also said that the name was not chosen only for this reason, but because it "looked, sounded, and seemed fine, so we went with it."

In November 2003, Bloc Party had their song "The Marshals Are Dead" featured on a compilation album called "The New Cross" released by Angular Recording Corporation. They then released their debut single "She's Hearing Voices" on the record label Trash Aesthetics, which was new at the time.

The band were first noticed after lead singer Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003. He gave a CD of "She's Hearing Voices" to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and Radio One DJ Steve Lamacq. Afterwards, Lamacq played the song on his radio show. He called the track "genius", and he invited them to record a live session for the show. The success of the track led to the release of another single, "Banquet", which was released by Moshi Moshi Records. They went on to sign with independent label Wichita Recordings in April 2004.

Bloc Party's first album, "Silent Alarm", was released in the UK in February 2005 on Wichita Recordings. In the United States, it was released in March 2005 by Vice Records. It was given a lot of praise. It was voted as the "NME" album of the year for 2005, and reached number three on UK album charts before being certified platinum. The first single from the album, "So Here We Are", made the top 5 on UK charts. Further, the singles "Banquet", "Helicopter" and "Pioneers", managed to reach the UK top 20 but did not do as well as "So Here We Are". The animated music video for "Pioneers" was made by Shoreditch-based designers Minivegas. It was number one in the "NME" video charts for four weeks.

The band got good reviews from critics in the United States, and they toured there a lot over 2006. At the start of 2006, they finished their tour with sold out shows in Los Angeles, Miami and Berkeley. It sold 350,000 copies in North America and over a million worldwide. After the success of the album, the established electronic group The Chemical Brothers soon collaborated with Okereke for "Believe", a track on the Brothers' "Push the Button" album. An album of remixes of tracks from "Silent Alarm" was released at the end of August in the UK. The album was called "Silent Alarm Remixed", and it kept the first album's song list.

During July, Bloc Party recorded two new tracks with "Silent Alarm" producer Paul Epworth. The songs were released as an extended play called "Two More Years". The release of this EP came with another release of "Silent Alarm", which had on it both "Two More Years" and old single "Little Thoughts". "Two More Years" was released later at the same time as their October 2005 UK tour. The single also had a remix of "Banquet" done by The Streets, for which a music video was also made.

The band also made the track "The Present" for the "" compilation album. The money raised from this album went to the War Child charity. In 2005, their album track "Like Eating Glass" was used on the soundtrack of a horror movie called "Cry Wolf". It was also remixed for use on Activision's skateboarding game "Tony Hawk's American Wasteland".

Bloc Party's second album, "A Weekend in the City", was produced by Jacknife Lee. It was published by Wichita in the UK and Vice Records in the US and was released in February 2007. However, it was leaked in November 2006. It was released on the UK iTunes store before in shops, and reached second place in the Official UK Chart. The album did just as well in Australia and Belgium. It entered at number 12 in the "Billboard" 200, with 48,000 copies sold. The first single, "The Prayer", was released on 29 January. It became the single which did the best in the UK Top 40 for the band, reaching fourth place. Before the release of the album, BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe played a live recording of the band at the Maida Vale studio, featuring both old and new songs, on his radio show on 30 January 2007. On 1 February 2007, "A Weekend in the City" was made able free to listen to on the band's official MySpace page.

The next single, "I Still Remember", was Bloc Party's highest charting single in America. It got to number 24 on the Modern Rock Chart. The band released their third single, "Hunting for Witches", in August 2007. The single was their only ARIA Chart entry, getting to number 20.

In October 2007 Bloc Party said they would release a new single, "Flux", on 13 November—ahead of their end-of-year concerts. The electronic song, also produced by Jacknife Lee, was very different from previous singles released by the band.

The band's first concert following the release of "A Weekend In The City" was on 5 February 2007, in Reading. It was played live on BBC 6 Music that night. On 20 May 2007, Bloc Party were the first band to play that year on the "In New Music We Trust" stage at the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend at Preston. They also took part in the UK Live Earth concert on 7 July 2007 at Wembley Stadium. The band also played sets at T in the Park and Oxegen 2007 that same weekend, as well as Glastonbury and the Reading and Leeds Festivals. Bloc Party said that they would tour Australia and New Zealand in August 2007, which would include a special concert at the Splendour in the Grass Festival on 5 August. On 17 September 2007 they recorded a concert for the PBS show Austin City Limits. This was the day after playing at the Austin City Limits Music Festival. On 27 October 2007, the band performed with the Exmoor Singers, a London-based choir, as part of the BBC Electric Proms. They played songs from both "Silent Alarm" and "A Weekend In The City" along with the first UK live performance of "Flux". During 2007, Russell Lissack formed his side project group Pin Me Down with Melina Mepris.

"Mercury", the first single from Bloc Party's third album "Intimacy", was played on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 July 2008. It then appeared on the Radio 1 website fifteen minutes later. The exclusive followed a countdown timer which was put in place of the band's website for three days, which ended with a link to the Radio 1 website at the time of Lowe's radio show. Many fans were expecting new songs over the internet, with some being annoyed by the act. The song had an electronic sound like the last single, "Flux". During the first play of "Mercury" on Radio 1, Kele was with Zane Lowe, and said that Jacknife Lee and Paul Epworth would be producing the new album. It was also said that the single was to be released on 11 August 2008. The video was put out with the single.

Bloc Party's third studio album has a new, electronic sound, even though Kele said this would not be the case. He had said before this that the sound would be as raw as "Silent Alarm", but as "experienced" as "A Weekend in the City".

The band talked about the release of their third album with fans on a forum on 18 August 2008. The album then was made available for pre-order in many formats - an MP3 download with the CD release on 27 October 2008. "Trojan Horse", a song from the album, was made available to stream through "NME"'s website. On 20 August 2008, the band added more album tracks, "Signs" and "One Month Off", as well as "Trojan Horse", to their MySpace profile. On 23-24 August, 2008, the band played concerts at the Reading and Leeds Festivals. The band played set-opener "Mercury", as well as album track "One Month Off". A concert like that one followed a week later on 30 August 2008, when the band played as the main act at the Hydro Connect Music Festival, in Argyll, Scotland.

During Autumn 2008, the band played in North America and Canada. They played at the Virgin Mobile Festival in Toronto on 6 September 2008, and had their first ever American college show at Syracuse University. They had their next live performance in the UK on 30 September 2008 with a special concert in London as part of Q Awards: The Gigs. As well as this, they played at the Glasgow date of MTV Two and Topman's "Gonzo on Tour" on 19 October 2008. On 8 September 2008, Bloc Party said that their next single, "Talons" would be released on 20 October 2008. The song was not able to be downloaded as part of the pre-order album released on August 27, but did appear on the full album release on 27 October 2008. It was also given to fans who had already bought the download-only album, given out after the song's first play on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show.

After the digital release of "Intimacy", Bloc Party said to the public that they would go on another UK tour, starting on 25 January 2009 in Glasgow. They will then play in Manchester and Wolverhampton in the same month, with another gig in Wolverhampton on 1 February 2009. Their first UK tour since December 2007 will finish on 12 April 2009 in London. Also in early 2009, the band toured North America in many small places. In June 2009 they announced that their new single is called One More Chance. This song was not on Intimacy and was played on Radio One on the 18th of June 2009. It was released during August 2009.



VfR Mannheim

VfR Mannheim a German football team. It is in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg. The club was formed in 1911. The team won German Championship back in 1940s.

VfR Mannheim rivals are Waldhof Mannheim who's stadion is right next to VfR Mannheim's stadion and training facilities


SV Waldhof Mannheim

SV Waldhof Mannheim is a German football club. It is in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg. The club was founded 1907. The club today has over 2,400 people. The team plays in the Regionalliga Süd the 4th German Football division.


Popular science

If a book or a TV show is about science, and is made easy so everyone can understand, then it is popular science. It is "popular" because it is made for the whole "population", not just for scientists. Nature documentaries are examples of popular science.

Popular science is non-fiction, so it is not the same as "science fiction". Popular science is also not the same as "Science journalism". Science journalism is what journalists write to report the newest theories and discoveries made in science, but popular science is not always about what is newest.

Some famous people who make popular science are David Attenborough, Isaac Asimov, Jacob Bronowski, Arthur C. Clarke, Martin Gardner, J.B.S. Haldane, Stephen Hawking, Bill Nye, and Carl Sagan.

When scientists write about their work, first they publish in scientific journals such as "Nature" and "Science". Then they may write books. The purpose of popular science is to show scientific literature in a way that different types of scientists, and people who are not scientists, will easily understand. When people take an idea from scientific literature and change it into popular science, important things about that idea may be left out or added in.

Popular science is a bridge between the literature written for scientists, and the realms of popular writing which ordinary people use. The goal of the genre is to capture the methods and accuracy of science, while making the language more accessible.

Popular science has its problems. Some popular science is made by people who do not understand the subject well. Some is made by people who have a strong bias. Some is part science and part pseudoscience. It can be hard for someone who is not an expert to tell which works of popular science are reliable. Museums, television programs and websites are also in the business of communicating science to the wider public. Not all of these are reliable. The oldest institution devoted to link science to the public may be the Gresham College, which was founded in 1597 in London. It was not entirely devoted to science. The Royal Institution in London has similar aims, and is devoted to science. It was founded in 1799. Both of these institutions have always given lectures by experts to the general public.

Lullaby

A lullaby is a song which is sung to help a baby or small child go to sleep. Composers of classical music often wrote pieces for instruments to play (very often for piano solo) which they called "lullaby". They also used the French word "Berceuse". Brahms wrote his famous "Wiegenlied" originally for a young singer, Bertha Faber, when she gave birth to her second son.

Lullabies always have a gentle, rocking rhythm with a simple accompaniment. Frédéric Chopin's "Berceuse" is a lullaby for piano. Gabriel Fauré wrote one at the beginning of his "Dolly Suite" for piano duet. There are many other examples. 

Mothers sing lullabies to their children at bedtime. "Rock-a-bye Baby" and "Hush Little Baby" are two very well-known lullabies.

There is an example of lullaby:

"Rock-a-bye baby"

"On the tree tops,""When the wind blows"

"The cradle will rock."

"When the bough breaks"

"The cradle will fall,"

"And down will come baby"

"Cradle and all."

Lund

Lund is a city in Scania, in the south of Sweden. About 80,000 people live there, which makes it the eleventh biggest city in Sweden. It is close to Malmö. The municipality has about 105,000 people. 

Lund is known for its university, Lund University (founded in 1666). It is the largest university in Scandinavia. The city is also known for its cathedral, Lund Cathedral ("Lunds domkyrka").

Lund is an old city. It was probably founded around the year 990, when Scania belonged to Denmark.

Guadalcanal

Guadalcanal is the biggest island in the Solomon Islands. During World War II, there was a battle there between the Americans and the Japanese.



FC Eintracht Bamberg

1. FC Eintracht Bamberg is a football team in Bamberg, Upper Franconia Germany. In 1946 they were called 1. FC Bamberg and were in the "first Division". Now they play in the "Fourth Division", Regionalliga Bayern, with the new name, F.C. Eintracht Bamberg.

FSV Frankfurt

FSV Frankfurt is the second best football team in Frankfurt, Germany after Eintracht Frankfurt. In the season 2007/08 it became champion of the Regionalliga Süd. Since 2008 FSV Frankfurt plays in the 2. Bundesliga.


Joachim Löw

Joachim Löw (born 3 February 1960) is a former German football player who formerly managed the Germany national football team after being eliminated by England in the UEFA Euro 2020 Round of 16. He became a World Cup winning manager when his team won the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

VfB Stuttgart

Tirol Innsbruck

Austria Wien

Germany



Polyhydroxyalkanoates

Polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) is a biopolymer that is made by bacteria. It can break down naturally (it is biodegradable). PHA has the same qualities of plastic, but it uses renewable raw material such as sugar from crop, instead of finite natural resources such as crude oil, natural gas and coal. Some PHAs share properties with polypropylene, a plastic used to make ropes and packaging. Others are similar to rubber.

SpVgg Bayreuth

SpVgg Bayreuth is a German football team in Bayreuth, Bavaria. It was founded in 1921. The club was banned in 1933 by the Nazis but restarted shortly after World War II. SpVgg Bayreuth plays in one of the Fourths Divisions, the Bayernliga. In the season 2005/2006, they played in the Third Division, the Regionalliga. Today the play in the Fifth Division (Bayernliga Nord).

Max Reger

Max Reger (born in Brand, Bavaria, 19 March 1873; died 11 May 1916) was a German composer, organist, pianist and teacher.

Reger’s father was a schoolteacher who was an amateur musician. When he was a boy Max helped his father to rebuild an organ that was going to be thrown away. This was the instrument on which he learned to play. It was some time before he started proper lessons, but by the time he was a teenager he was playing the organ for church services. When he was 15 he went to Bayreuth to hear Wagner’s operas. This was the moment when Reger decided he wanted to become a musician.

Reger studied music in Munich and Wiesbaden with a famous teacher Hugo Riemann. He composed a lot of music, especially for the organ. His musical style was similar to that of Brahms, but he also learned a lot from the music of Bach, Mendelssohn and Schumann. He liked the symphonic poems of Liszt and these gave him the ideas for writing chorale fantasies for the organ, although he never wrote music that tells a story (programme music).

In 1902 Reger married. He and his wife adopted two children. In 1907 he became professor of composition at the University of Leipzig. He was a very good teacher. He became well-known abroad. He travelled to London where he spent hours in the art galleries. Then he bored his friends by talking all the time about the paintings. He conducted the orchestra at Meiningen, performing works by many composers, especially Brahms, Bruckner and his own.

Reger enjoyed eating and drinking. He regularly went to his local café where he would eat ten large sausages and drink ten glasses of beer. His health got bad, and he died of a heart attack in Leipzig, where he was visiting friends on his way home from the Netherlands.

Reger wrote an enormous amount of music, but very little of it is played nowadays. He wrote in a late-Romantic style. He is best remembered for his organ music. He liked to write fugues and sets of Variations. His "Fantasy and Fugue on BACH" is one of the hardest pieces ever written for organ. He wrote a lovely song called "Marias Wiegenlied" ("Mary’s lullaby).

Saint Stephen

Saint Stephen () is known as the first martyr of Christianity.

Therefore, he is also called the Protomartyr (). He is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church, as well as in the Eastern Orthodox Church. His feast day was historically kept on August 3. His name means 'laurel wreath' or 'crown' in Greek. His death is described in the Book of Acts. He was stoned to death for blasphemy and is remembered on the Feast of St. Stephen, December 26.


The Dark Tower (series)

The Dark Tower is a series of eight books by American writer Stephen King that tells the tale of lead character Roland Deschain's quest for the "Dark Tower." 

Jon Corzine

Jon Stevens Corzine (born January 1, 1947) is an American politician. He was the 54th Governor of the state of New Jersey. He represented New Jersey in the United States Senate from 2001 until 2006, when he stepped down to take his seat as governor. On November 3, 2009, Jon Corzine lost re-election for another four years as governor. The person who won was Chris Christie, who became the governor on January 20, 2010. 

James McGreevey

James Edward "'Jim"' McGreevey (born August 6, 1957) was the 52nd Governor of New Jersey. In 2004, he said that he was gay. He resigned as governor after he said he had an affair with a male employee. He was the first openly gay governor of any state in the history of the United States.

Physical quantity

In physics, a physical quantity is any physical property that can be quantified, that is, be measured using numbers. Examples of physical quantities are mass, amount of substance, length, time, temperature, electric current, light intensity, force, velocity, density, and many others. A physical quantity is always measured of natural non-living objects (Inanimate objects)

The foundation of physics rests upon physical quantities in term of which the laws of physics are expressed. Therefore, these quantities have to be measured accurately. Physical quantities are often divided into two categories; base quantities and derived quantities. Derived quantities are those quantities which are derived from other physical quantities. Examples of derived quantities are force, velocity, acceleration etc.

Helicopter rotor

A rotor is the rotating part of a helicopter which generates lift, either vertically in the case of a main rotor, or horizontally in the case of a tail rotor.

Before the development of powered helicopters in the mid 20th century, autogyro pioneer "Juan de la Cierva" researched and developed many of the basics of the rotor. Cierva is credited with successful development of multi-bladed, fully articulated rotor systems. This type of system is widely used today in many multi-bladed helicopters.


Variations (music)

In music, the word variation is to play a piece of music and change the notes or add parts into it but also making it sound like the piece of music in another way.

Many composers wrote pieces which are examples of theme and variation. Sometimes the theme is one they made up, at other times they took a theme that another composer had already written and then made variations on it.

There are lots of ways of varying a tune, and each variation will change it in a different way. A variation may play the tune much faster or much slower, it may change the tune by adding extra sharps and flats or other ornamental notes, or by playing the tune in octaves. It may change the harmony or the rhythm or use different instruments. It may combine the tune in different parts (counterpoint).

Composers have used variations in music for centuries. In the Renaissance and Baroque periods composers wrote variations on a short tune in the bass which was repeated again and again. This was called a ground bass or sometimes it was a passacaglia or chaconne. Renaissance composers also liked writing what they called “divisions”. This meant varying a tune by playing it, for example, at twice the speed or half the speed etc. so that crotchets (quarter notes) became minims (half notes) or quavers (eighth notes).

George Frideric Handel wrote a famous set of variations for harpsichord called "Harmonious Blacksmith", and Johann Sebastian Bach wrote the "Goldberg Variations", which was a set of 30 variations: a very long piece of music. It was written for a man who found it difficult to sleep at night, so he would ask his harpsichord player, whose name was Goldberg, to play to him.

Many composers from the Classical, Romantic and 20th century classical music periods wrote sets of variations. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart wrote several, one of which was based on a French folktune which we know in Britain as “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star”. Beethoven wrote several wonderful sets of variations. Many of them were for piano, but he also used the form in other pieces e.g. the slow movement of his . Schubert often wrote variations on tunes from his own songs.

Other composers who wrote variations include Brahms, Elgar, Schoenberg, and Britten.

Logo (programming language)

Logo is a programming language that is easy to learn. It is used to teach students and children to program a computer. It was developed to process lists of words. It was like the language LISP.
In 1967, the first Logo ran on a mainframe computer, a machine called a teletype was used to type in and printout the results. There was no screen.

In 1969, it was used to control a Floor Turtle. Commands were added to send the turtle forwards and backwards, and to turn the turtle to left or right. This turtle had pen with different colors. When it moved, it left a trail on the floor.
When a new version of Logo was developed to draw graphics on a screen, it used the same commands. This was called Turtle graphics.

There are 170 versions of Logo. Many of them are open source and free. There are three Logo textbooks that can be downloaded free. Logo is usually an interpreted language.

Load the Logo program. Type the next line in the command box.

The computer replies.

A spiral drawn using recursion. 
Using the editor, type in this new definition.
Type this in the command box.

On the screen you will see.
Logo Programs

Online books

Lisp (programming language)

Lisp (used to be called LISP) is a programming language. It is among the oldest programming languages that are still used today. Only Fortran is one year older. Lisp was designed by John McCarthy in 1958. The best-known versions of LISP are Common Lisp, Scheme and Clojure. Many concepts that are used in modern programming languages were first created in Lisp.
Linked lists are a very important data structure in Lisp. 
The basic concepts behind Lisp are easy to learn. Logo is another version of Lisp that was made for children. Logo can help young children develop skills and become efficient within the programming language.

In Lisp, operations are written in prefix notation, and they start and end with parentheses. For example, the formula formula_1 is written as:
Because Lisp is a functional language, Lisp programs often use recursion to solve problems. Here is a Scheme program that finds the factorial of a number. The function (factorial n) starts by testing if formula_2 or not. If formula_3, then (factorial 0) is 1. If formula_4, then (factorial n) returns the product of formula_5 and the factorial of formula_6.

Linked lists are an important idea in Lisp. The list without any things in it is known as the "empty" or "nil list", and is written as '(). A list that has things in it is written as '(dog cat). 

The operation car is used to get the first thing of a list. For example,
(car '(1 2 3 4 5 6 7))
(car '())
The operation cdr returns everything in the list except for the first thing.

(cdr '(6))
(cdr '())
Here is a hello world program in Scheme:

Lambda calculus

In mathematical logic and computer science, lambda calculus, also λ-calculus, is a formal system (a system that can be used to figure out different logical theories and ideas). It was made to explore different ways of creating and using mathematical functions, and it lays out rules for doing this. It is also a tool for exploring recursion, and it has been used to explain what a computable function is. It was made by Alonzo Church and Stephen Cole Kleene in the 1930s. In 1936, Church used lambda calculus to show that there is no solution to the Entscheidungsproblem.

Lambda calculus can be called the smallest universal programming language. At its core, lambda calculus is made up of just one "transformation rule" (something called "variable substitution") and just one way to define a function. Each "function definition" has a list of the function's "parameters", which are all of the variables that can be used in that function. Variable substitution is where specific variables in a function are replaced by other values (for example, the value formula_1 could take the place of every spot in a function where the variable formula_2 appears). This is called a transformation rule because it can be used to "transform" lambda expressions by changing around their values.

Lambda calculus is considered "universal" because it can be used to both create and find the answer to any computable function. This is exactly what a Turing machine can do, so lambda calculus and Turing machines are said to be equivalent. However, lambda calculus focuses more on the use of transformation rules. It does not care about the actual machine that puts those rules into place. It is an approach more related to software than to hardware.

There is no way to answer the question of whether two lambda calculus expressions are the same as each other (in more specific words, there is no general algorithm that can show that two lambda expressions are equivalent). This was the first problem where the idea of undecidability could be proven. Later, undecidability was also proven for the halting problem, where it was shown that there is no general way to show whether or not a program will keep running forever. Lambda calculus has had large effects on lots of functional programming languages, such as LISP, ML, and Haskell.

Family Jewels

Family Jewels is a two disc compilation DVD by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It contains videos from the Bon Scott era to the Brian Johnson era. The compilation was released in 2005.



Power transmission

Power transmission is moving energy from where it is made to where it is used.

Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time.
In SI units: 1 watt = 1 joule/s = 1 newton * metre/second (1W=1J/s=1N·m/s).

With widespread establishment of power grids, power transmission has came to be associated most often with electric power transmission. 

Electrical power transmission has replaced mechanical power transmission in all but the very shortest distances. From the start of the industrial revolution until the end of the 19th century mechanical power transmission was the norm. Factories were fitted with overhead driveshafts providing rotary power. Drivebelts would provide power to individual machines on the shop floor.

Mechanical power may be transmitted directly using a solid structure such as a driveshaft; transmission gears can adjust the amount of torque or force vs. speed in much the same way an electrical transformer adjusts voltage vs current.

Chemical energy is transmitted by moving fuels to generate power in distant places. Pipelines and other large infrastructure projects transport natural gas, petroleum and petroleum products for use as fuel. 

Ocean surface wave

Ocean surface waves are surface waves that occur in the upper layer of the ocean. They usually result from wind. Some are made by geologic effects like earthquakes or vulcanicity and may travel thousands of miles before striking land. They range in size from small ripples to huge tsunamis. There is little actual forward motion of individual water particles in an unbroken wave, despite the large amount of energy and momentum it may carry forward. When a wave hits shallow water, it "breaks" because the bottom moves more slowly than the top. 

The great majority of large breakers one sees on an ocean beach result from distant winds. Three factors influence the formation of these "wind waves":


All of these factors work together to determine the size and shape of ocean waves. The greater each of the variables, the larger the waves. Waves are measured by:


Waves in a given area typically have a range of sizes. For weather reporting and for scientific analysis of wind wave statistics, their size over a period of time is usually expressed as "significant wave height." This figure represents the average height of the highest one-third of the waves in a given time period (usually twelve hours) or in a specific storm system or event. Given the variability of wave size, the largest individual waves are likely to be twice the reported significant wave height for a particular day or storm.



Crest (physics)

A crest is the point on a wave with the greatest positive value or upward displacement in a cycle. A trough is the opposite of a crest.

When the crest and the trough of two waves of equal magnitude and frequency intersect or collide when in phase with each other the result is called constructive interference and the magnitudes double (above and below the line), when 180° out of phase the result is destructive interference with each other the resulting wave is the undisturbed line that is in the middle of the diagram having zero amplitude.

In other words, the wave crest is called a peak.



Trough

A trough is a box-like drinking vessel for farm animals. Other senses of the word refer to things that are lower than their surroundings, like a trough:


See also trow.

Surface wave

In physics, a surface wave can refer to a mechanical wave that propagates along the interface between differing media, usually two fluids with different densities. A surface wave can also be an electromagnetic wave guided by a refractive index gradient. For radio waves, a ground wave is a surface wave that propagates close to the surface of the Earth.








Nausea

Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach, often with the urge to vomit. The word "nausea" comes from the Latin word for seasickness.

Nausea is a symptom, rather than an illness or disease. The causes for it very often are not in the stomach itself, but somewhere else in the body. Nausea is often caused by a stomach virus. Nausea is usually harmless, in the short term. A good treatment for it can be not to take solid food (and to only drink non-alcoholic drinks, like water). Nausea can also occur during pregnancy, and is quite normal in that context. People can suffer nausea without vomiting.

Anxiety

Anxiety is distress or uneasiness of mind caused by a fear of danger or misfortune. Very often, people with anxiety also feel worries. There can also be physical symptoms, like having a headache or an upset stomach.

Anxiety is a very common human emotion and is often associated with fear, panic, and the fight or flight response. The amount of stress needed to cause anxiety will vary from person to person however, basics include: losing one's job, the death of a loved one, or an accident, to name a few. In most people, anxiety will settle over time and one will return to normal state. 

Some people suffer a lot of anxiety over a long period of time which controls them and makes their lives difficult. These conditions are called anxiety disorders and can be treated by therapy and medicine.

General anxiety symptoms are things such as; continual tiredness / exhaustion, inability to relax, lack of confidence, low self-esteem, fear of public places, fear of socialising, frequent feelings of irrational anxiety / fear, compulsive behavior, worrying about making mistakes, regular nightmares, disturbed sleep patterns, excessive crying, headaches, stomach problems, diarrhea, nausea, aching muscles, and so on.

Symptoms of anxiety attacks are things like; sweating, shaking and tremors, palpitations, shortness of breath, hyperventilating, racing heart beat, tingling in hands and feet, feeling of impending doom, feeling you are having a heart attack. There are more, but these are the usual ones.

These symptoms, more or less, define anxiety but they can also be signs of other problems, so the first port of call has to be a doctor or other health care professional. They will be able to define what the problem is exactly, and propose the appropriate treatment.

A doctor’s first line treatment is usually through drug-based medication; for example antidepressants, anti-anxiety tablets and beta blockers. These can be very effective, but they all have side effects, some worse than others. This can tend to put folks off continuing with them. Note however, that many drugs that have been taken for a longer time, need to be stopped in a special way (usually, with the help of a doctor); simply stopping the drug can lead to withdrawal symptoms. 

Other non-drug therapies are becoming popular such as; self-hypnosis, meditation, yoga, cognitive behavioral therapy, counseling, acupuncture, etc. These are therapies to help people ‘manage’ or ‘cope’ with their anxiety and / or anxiety attacks.

But what about the underlying cause(s) of anxiety? The two treatment types above focus on either reducing the symptoms of anxiety, or, helping a person cope with their disorder. They don’t seem to do anything about the underlying condition(s) that are causing the anxiety.

And the very ‘fear’ of another anxiety attack can bring one on. As long as this irrational fear exists it’s very difficult to stop attacks and resolve the general anxiety. Eliminating this fear can prevent further attacks and get rid of the general anxiety much more effectively.

Anxiety disorders are any sort of disorder caused by a major amount of anxiety. There are many different disorders, each of which may be diagnosed by a trained professional. Examples of such disorders are 




The state of anxiety can be calmed with the devotion of the Rosary that allows the person to pray and meditate with a great sense of peace.


Lumbar puncture

A lumbar puncture (often called spinal tap, by non-doctors) is a medical method to collect a sample of cerebrospinal fluid (fluid from the brain). This can be done to analyse the sample, to find some hints to diseases. It can also be done to lower the pressure of the fluid inside the skull.

Wave power

Wave power means the use of ocean surface waves and the capture of that energy to do useful work—including electricity generation, desalination, and the pumping of water (into reservoirs). It makes use of the kinetic energy of the waves that are driven by the wind.

Power from ocean surface wave motion might produce much more energy than tides. Tests have shown that it is possible to produce energy from waves, particularly in Scotland in the UK. But the technology is not as well developed as other renewable energy such as wind power or solar power.


Port Royal

Port Royal was a city in Jamaica. It was the focus of trade in Jamaica in the 17th century. It was known for its piracy, but also for the riches accumulated, and for the very bad moral values that could be found in the city. An earthquake in June of 1692 largely destroyed the city. Two thirds of the city sank into the Caribbean Sea. Today, the city is covered by at least 8 metres of water. The city is among the most important archaeological sites in the Ocean. Its role as a center for trade was taken over by Spanish Town, Jamaica, and later by Kingston.

S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl

S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl, previously known as S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Oblivion Lost, is a post-apocalyptic first-person shooter video game by Ukrainian developer GSC Game World.

The game uses a software feature called the "X-Ray engine". It features an alternate reality theme, where the second nuclear disaster happens at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the near future and makes strange changes happen to the area around it, which create a lot of mutated animals, plants, and change the laws of Physics. The game has a storyline that lets the player have a lot of freedom, and features gameplay features such as trading and two-way communication with NPCs. The game includes features of role-playing and economic games.

Some phrases used in the game ("The Zone", "Stalker") as well as the idea of the game, are borrowed from the popular science fiction book "Roadside Picnic" by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky and the 1979 film "Stalker", based on the book.

GSC Game World talked about the game's AI in January 2005. IGN said that the game, while similar to "Far Cry", will have more wildlife, and that the way animals act in the game is as important to them as the humans. The animals anger will vary with how hungry and tired they are, as well as other things. So, the game will have some idea of fight or flight to it.

In the game, the player is known as "The Marked One" who is a Stalker, a person who lives in the Zone and makes a living collecting "Artifacts" and selling them. The Zone has a lot of danger in it.

The type of game is a mix of a RPG and a FPS, though the player does not get attributes like Strength of Constitution, or get more powerful, which is different from a normal computer RPG. The role-playing part is mainly about normal RPG elements, such as storyline and the way other people in the game act with the player. But, the game does not let the player have a lot of choice when it comes to talking to characters in the game. Unlike RPGs such as "Knights of the Old Republic", the number of different conversations the player can have with NPCs in the game is quite small and does not change the way that the game will end for the player a lot.

The Zone is made up of a 30 km square area, that has wilderness, human camps, and a few heavily guarded military bases. But, the game world is not one big world, but is a lot of smaller maps broken up by loading screens. Moving from one area of the Zone to another can only happen at certain passageways; a white fence border stops players from trying to cross the map in any other area. The game does not have vehicles that the player can drive. The player does have a fast sprint, but he or she cannot sprint without stopping, and the player can not fire weapons while sprinting

"S.T.A.L.K.E.R." uses "realistic" bullet physics, that is, the way that the bullets move is like how a bullet would move in real life. The bullet physics are similar to tactical shooters such as "Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter" or "Call of Duty 2". Bullets are affected by gravity, and weapons are highly inaccurate when fired "from the hip". To be sure of hitting the enemy at long range, players must aim using the iron sights on their guns. Also, bullets do "realistic" damage, and the player can die after only being shot a few times (but to make up for this, later in the game the player can get different armor suits that increase the amount the player can be shot before dying).

"Artifacts" are the product of 'anomalies', which occur randomly throughout the game. Anomalies are normally a few metres across, these areas are dangerous to enter and can instantly kill the player or cause serious injury. They can be seen by looking for swirling leaves, heat waves, wind moving about, and electricity. An anomaly will be in the game for about one week in game time, and once they have disappeared the player is able to collect the artifacts left behind, which can be traded for supplies, or worn to enhance some player abilities, with normally some bad side effects; for example, there is an artifact in the game that can make bullets less likely to hit the player, but will slowly give the player radiation sickness, which will eventually kill the character being played.

The local animals and plants were altered a lot by the years of radiation. They have become more dangerous, and have developed natural defenses to survive the harsh world. There are also a lot of people that were mutated by the radiation from the second explosion in the power plant.

The stalkers find it difficult to hunt for artifacts because the Ukrainian Military is in the area, trying to stop the zone getting bigger, and help control the mutant. The Military is an enemy of anyone who is not Military, and will work as a big team to attack anyone they see using heavy force and the use of Mi-35 Hind gunships, which are attack helicopters.

A few other groups work in the zone, and are neutral or an enemy based on certain events. Two groups are important: "Freedom" and "Duty" as they are the only two groups that the player can decide if they want to be friendly towards or not. Neither Faction will attack the player at first, and both will offer missions to the player. Freedom and Duty are at war with one another, and although th player can keep friendship with both of them at first, the player will end up having to choose a side. The player cannot join either faction, no matter how friendly the player becomes towards them, as the player's faction status in the player's P.D.A. will tell the player, the player is always a loner in this game. There are several other groups, these are almost all enemies for the player. The scientists are different though, because the player can be friends by saving one of them from a mercenary attack later in the game.

The player also works with other NPCs in the Zone, and can help Stalker factions and receive missions, which further the storyline. Players are able to explore over 30 square km of the Zone, including the ghost town of Pripyat and the empty Chernobyl Nuclear Plant, while meeting animals and plants mutated by radiation as well as other Stalkers and NPCs.

The game uses uses GSC Gameworld's proprietary ALife artificial intelligence engine. ALife supports more than one thousand characters living in the Zone.

The NPCs act as if they really are alive, having different states, such as task accomplishment, combat, rest, feeding and sleep. The monsters in the game also act in this way. These monsters will move in large groups. The non-scripted way the characters work means that there are an unlimited number of random quests. For example, rescuing Stalkers from danger, killing Stalker renegades, protecting or attacking Stalker camps or searching for treasure. The AI characters travel around the entire zone as they want.

Numerous different ways of playing the game can be used, such as using stealth and sniping. The NPCs will react in a different way to each of them.

A weather system works in various parts of the landscape and let the weather act as if it is real, letting the game have weather such as sunshine, storms and showers. The weapons available, the way the AI acts, game tactics and ranking systems will depend on the weather.

Multiplayer, like many other new games, will work over both LAN and the Internet with up to 32 players. Currently the three game modes are Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch and Artifact hunt. The game will also use a ranking system.

Early in the development of the game it was named "Oblivion Lost", and the game was planned to have more of a futuristic theme before the idea was reworked to set the game in Chernobyl, being a nearby location to the game's Kiev based development team. Eventually, this was reflected in the change of the game's subtitle to "Shadow of Chernobyl". Screenshots and trailers of this early version can be found on various web sites, depicting the robots and spacecraft originally planned for the game.

While the source of the Zone may still turn out to have extraterrestrial connections (like in "Roadside Picnic", where the Zone is thought to have been an absent-minded, accidental creation of a careless, vastly superior alien race), there is no indication that such more direct manifestations will return.

The game was first announced in November 2001 and has had its release date, originally in 2003, pushed back several times. Meanwhile, hundreds of screenshots of the game have been released, as well as dozen preview video clips, accompanied by other forms of promotion by GSC, such as inviting fans to their offices in Kiev to play the current build of the game. However, due to the delays some considered "S.T.A.L.K.E.R." to be vaporware, like the game "Duke Nukem Forever", or fear that the game may become a new "Daikatana".

In their E3 Awards for 2005, IGN gave "S.T.A.L.K.E.R."<nowiki>'</nowiki>s absence the award of "Biggest PC Surprise"; the runners-up were the absence of "Fallout 3" from the show, and the lack of a new announcement from Blizzard Entertainment.

In February 2005, THQ expressed desire to see the game released toward the end of its 2006 fiscal year (March 31 2006) but maintained that no release date had been set. In October, 2005, THQ confirmed that "S.T.A.L.K.E.R." will not be out "until the second half of THQ's 2007 fiscal year - October 2006 at the earliest." In February 2006, THQ revised this possible release window, saying the game would not be in stores until the first quarter of 2007.

In an interview at the Russian Gameland Awards, PR Manager Oleg Yavorsky indicated that release was planned for September 2006.

In 2006, the game came 9th in "Wired"'s Vaporware '06 award.

THQ ran a competition in January 2007 offering the lucky winners the chance to play the beta version of S.T.A.L.K.E.R, in a 24-hour marathon session. The event, scheduled to take place on the January 24 2007, was subsequently changed to a 12-hour session days before it was supposed to occur.

On the morning of the event, the 'lucky' winners were met at the venue by the THQ staff that had organized the event, who were embarrassed to report that they had been unable to get any copies of the game. In late February GSC managed to release a public beta. Multiplayer demo was released to public on March 15 2007.

On March 2 2007, it was announced that the game had gone gold.

So far, publications which have reviewed the title have been largely positive, noting the immersive, atmospheric setting and open-ended, rewarding gameplay. Some aspects of the game, such as the translation of printed text, the absence of subtitles for spoken Russian, and general game performance, have received negative criticism. It has also been noted that there are numerous sporadic bugs which can affect gameplay, although most of these are considered minor. However, in the newly released patch 1.0001 it is claimed that many bugs and glitches were fixed. Another common criticism is the fact that less than half of the map is actually accessible by the player.

Publications which have submitted reviews include IGN U.S. (8.2/10), IGN Australia (8.9/10), GameSpot (8.5/10), Australian PC User 95% and "PC Gamer" (87%). Ukraine's own "Gameplay" magazine awarded it 4.5 out of 5. UK based website Mansized scored the game 4/5.

Several years after the Chernobyl disaster, the Zone was occupied and "repurposed" by several research projects run by the Soviet government. Facilities were constructed or expanded under the abandoned military bases and civilian factories and industrial sites in the area, and a large lab was established directly beneath Reactor 4 and its Sarcophagus. These experiments were focused primarily on various aspects of the mind, including creating and enhancing ESP in humans, psychotronic weapons, and an experiment intended to create a human hive mind: the "Collective Consciousness," or "C-Consciousness," project.

Shortly after C-Consciousness was successfully created by the fusion of seven human minds through a computer interface, the Soviet Union collapsed. In the years that followed, some of the research labs were abandoned, and the C-Consciousness entity took greater control over the few facilities that remained in full operation. With its enhanced cognitive abilities, C-Consciousness was able to perceive and eventually to directly alter the "noosphere" (the collective "environment" of all thought, just as the "biosphere" refers to the sum total of all biological matter and its myriad interactions).

The intention of C-Consciousness was subtle mind control on a global scale. It believed that by manipulating the noosphere that the more negative and destructive aspects of human consciousness, cognition, and emotion could be eliminated to create world peace and harmony. Unfortunately, in 2006 C-Consciousness's first major attempt to manipulate the Noosphere resulted in disaster. There was a massive explosion of both psychic and physical force, and the noosphere in the vicinity of the C-Consciousness lab was twisted and distorted. In much the same way that the biosphere can permanently alter the physical landscape of the earth, so manipulation of the noosphere can distort all manner of physical reality: mind over matter on a massive scale.

This distortion of the noosphere powered by C-Consciousness and the machinery it was connected to created the anomalies and many of the mutants that inhabit the Zone in 2012. Desperate to correct its mistake and in order to shield itself from outside interference, especially the meddlesome "Stalkers" beginning to appear in the Zone, the C-Consciousness created an "Alien Monolith" in the center of the gutted Reactor 4, and used its ability to affect the minds of normal humans to create the "Monolith" cult, a group of heavily armed zealots whose tenets included worship of the Monolith and the prevention of "heretics" from approaching the remains of Chernobyl. They converted the Steel Yard radar facility near Pripyat into a powerful "Brain Scorcher" that would blast the mind of any unprotected human who approached too close, turning them into mindlessly aggressive zombies (while allowing C-Consciousness to select some individuals to brainwash into new members of Monolith). Finally, they used some of their agents (former Stalkers spread throughout the Zone) to disseminate stories of a "Wish Granter" at the heart of Chernobyl, ensuring that anyone who did manage to evade both the Monolith faction and the Brain Scorcher would be drawn to the Monolith and disposed of, rather than discovering the existence of the C-Consciousness lab.

This lasted for several years, but the continued efforts of C-Consciousness were unable to repair the damage they had done to the Zone. In fact, the damage appeared to be getting worse, with "Blowouts" deepening the distortion of the noosphere around the Zone at irregular intervals. Still, the C-Consciousness entity persisted in its experiments, behind the shields of the Monolith and the Wish Granter myth, the Monolith faction's patrols, the Brain Scorcher, and the dangers of the Zone itself. Occasionally, though, special circumstances would require an agent, a human able to do what was needed to preserve the Zone's secrets without revealing the existence of the C-Consciousness project. In these cases, Stalkers who were tough and resourceful enough to make it to or past the Brain Scorcher would be captured, brainwashed, and sent back into the outer areas of the zone on one of the "Death Trucks." These agents were marked with the tattoo "S.T.A.L.K.E.R." This is where Strelok, the main character, enters the story.

Strelok and his allies, Ghost, Fang, and Doc, were a group of Stalkers who had a particular interest in what exactly lay at the center of The Zone. At some point a few weeks before the start of the game, they managed to slip past the Brain Scorcher and all the way to the Nuclear Power Plant, finding the Monolith, an electronically locked vault door beneath the Monolith chamber (which leads to C-Consciousness), and documents hinting at the fact that the giant glowing Monolith was in fact a deliberate trap for anyone attempting to discover the secrets of the Zone. Unfortunately, they were forced to retreat, and their next attempt to penetrate into the heart of the Zone met with disaster. They had managed to obtain an electronic lockpick that would open the vault door, but this time the Monolith was ready for them and they were forced to retreat again, and their escape was further complicated by a blowout. Strelok was caught in the blowout and rendered unconscious with a severe case of amnesia. This made for a perfect subject for the conditioning process for a human agent of the C-Consciousness entity. Ghost and Fang escaped, but Fang was seriously wounded and died before the pair made it out of Pripyat, with Ghost moving on to find "safer" work in the outer regions of the Zone.

By this point, Strelok had become a serious threat to the security and secrecy of the C-Consciousness lab and the entity contained there, and it was decided that Strelok must be killed. However, due to unknown factors, C-Consciousness made a mistake: not realizing the identity of the man who had been caught in the blowout, they attempted to program him to kill Strelok, when in fact the man was Strelok. A second accident, the chance destruction of the Death Truck meant to carry this new agent back to the outer Zone, resulted in a loss of C-Consciousness control over him. Strelok was a free agent once again, though confused, amnesiac, and stripped of his possessions. The mission to kill himself led Strelok to retrace his steps through the past few weeks, tracking down his old associates and, over time, putting back together the evidence that had led him to become a danger to C-Consciousness in the first place. With the help of Doc to reveal his identity and to point him in the direction of a backup cache of documentation and another electronic lock pick, Strelok returned to Chernobyl and penetrated to the chamber under the "Monolith," destroying the projection device that created the illusion.

C-Consciousness, having no other option, confronted him to offer an explanation of their actions, the nature of the Zone, and a choice: to join them, bolster their numbers, help them repair the harm they had caused and shepherd humanity's consciousness towards peace, or to face a final confrontation with the remaining forces of the Monolith Faction in an attempt to reach the heart of the real C-Consciousness Lab, in order to put a stop to their manipulations and machinations.


List of bridges in the United States

List of bridges in the United States is a work in progress.



Osborne's bull

Osborne's bull was created as an advertisement for a sherry in 1956. Many people see it as the unofficial image of Spain. The bull is seen in semi-profile. The bulls used today are about 14 metres high, and are made out of about 70 plates of iron. There are many people who think it as a god.

Desalination

Desalination means any process that removes the excess salt and other minerals from water in order to obtain fresh water suitable for animal consumption or irrigation. Most desalination is by distillation. Some is by reverse osmosis or other methods.

The main purpose is to make water for people to use. The salt is usually carried away as brine but in some places the solid salt is extracted. 

Desalination of brackish water is done in the United States in order to meet treaty obligations for river water entering Mexico. Several Middle Eastern countries have energy reserves so great that they use desalinated water for agriculture. Saudi Arabia's desalination plants account for about 24% of total world capacity. The world's largest desalination plant is the "Jebel Ali" Desalination Plant (Phase 2) in UAE. It uses multi-stage flash distillation, dual-purpose and it is capable of producing 300 million cubic meters of water per year.


The traditional process used in these operations is vacuum distillation — essentially the boiling of water at less than atmospheric pressure, and thus a much lower temperature than normal. Due to the reduced temperature, energy is saved.


Solar energy

Solar energy is a type of energy that comes from the sun's heat. People have been using solar energy for thousands of years in different ways, such as heating, cooking, and drying. Nowadays, it is also used to create electricity in areas where other sources of power are not available, such as remote locations and even outer space.

The cost of generating electricity from solar energy is decreasing, making it a more affordable option. Since the sun provides heat and light constantly, solar energy is considered a renewable energy source and an alternative to non-renewable resources like coal and oil.

Solar energy is used in various ways today, including:

After passing through the Earth's atmosphere, most of the Sun's energy is in the form of visible light and infrared light radiation. Plants convert the energy in sunlight into chemical energy (sugars and starches) through the process of photosynthesis. Humans regularly use this store of energy in various ways, as when they burn wood off fossil fuels, or when simply eating plants, fish and animals.

Solar radiation reaches the Earth's upper atmosphere with the power of 1366 watts per square meter (W/m). Since the Earth is round, the surface nearer its poles is angled away from the Sun and receives much less solar energy than the surface nearer the equator.

At present, solar cell panels convert, at best, about 15% of the sunlight hitting them into electricity. 
The dark disks in the third diagram on the right are imaginary examples of the amount of land that, if covered with 8% efficient solar panels, would produce slightly more energy in the form of electricity than the world needed in 2003.

Many technologies have been developed to make use of solar radiation. Some of these technologies make direct use of the solar energy (e.g. to provide light, heat, etc.), while others produce electricity.

Solar power plants convert sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using "concentrated solar power" (CSP). Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. Photovoltaics converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.

Solar cooking uses the Sun as the source of energy instead of standard cooking fuels such as charcoal, coal or gas. Solar cookers are an inexpensive and environmentally sound alternative to traditional ovens. They are becoming widely used in areas of the developing world where deforestation is an issue, financial resources to purchase fuel are limited, and where open flames would pose a serious risk to people and the environment. Solar cookers are covered with a glass plate. They achieve a higher temperature by using mirrors to focus the rays of the sun.

 The Sun may be used to heat water instead of electricity or gas. There are two basic types of active solar heating systems based on the type of fluid — either liquid or air — that is heated in the solar energy collectors. (The collector is the device in which a fluid is heated by the Sun.)

Liquid-based systems heat water or an antifreeze solution in a "hydronic" collector, whereas air-based systems heat air in an "air collector." Both air and liquid systems can supplement forced air systems.

Solar cells can be used to generate electricity from sunlight. It is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy. Sometimes the term "solar cell" is reserved for devices intended specifically to capture energy from sunlight, while the term "photovoltaic cell" is used when the light source is unspecified.

Solar cells have many applications. They have long been used in situations where electrical power from the grid is unavailable, such as in remote area power systems, Earth-orbiting satellites and space probes, consumer systems, e.g. handheld calculators or wrist watches, remote radiotelephones and water pumping applications. A large no. of solar cells are combined in an arrangement called solar cell panel that can deliver enough electricity for practical use. Electricity produced by solar panels can be stored in rechargeable solar batteries, which is then drawn upon when required.



Photovoltaics

Photovoltaics (PVs) are arrays of cells containing a solar photovoltaic material that converts solar radiation or energy from the sun into direct current electricity. Due to the growing demand for renewable energy sources, the manufacturing of solar cells and photovoltaic arrays has advanced considerably in recent years, and costs have dropped.

Solar photovoltaics are growing rapidly, from a small base, to a total global capacity of 130,000 MW at the end of 2013. More than 100 countries use solar PV. Installations may be ground-mounted (and sometimes integrated with farming and grazing) or built into the roof or walls of a building.

Photovoltaic solar panels come in many different voltages. The most common are 12 volts, 24 volts, and 48 volts. Like batteries, multiple solar panels can be connected together to produce higher voltages, for example, two 48 volt panels connected together would produce 96 volts. The inverter, batteries, and solar panels in a system are usually all of the same voltage. The advantage of a higher-voltage system is that thinner wire is used, which is less expensive and easier to pull through conduit. The disadvantage of a higher-voltage installation is that electric shock and arc flash become more of a hazard, so installations above 48 volts are usually only found in solar power plants or commercial buildings.

A photovoltaic installation typically includes an array of solar panels, an inverter, rechargeable batteries (for use at night), a charge controller (a device that prevents the batteries from over-charging), two GFCI circuit breakers (one before the inverter and one after), and interconnection wiring. There is sometimes also a transformer after the inverter, which can power 240 volt heavy appliances such as a clothes dryer or oven. The transformer is often part of the inverter and can't be seen. Everything past the inverter (or transformer if there is one) is set up like a normal utility-fed installation (breaker panel, lights, outlets, switches, etc.). If there is no transformer, only 120 volt devices may be used. Installations without a transformer must be labelled as such on the breaker panel to alert future electricians that 240 volt appliances can not be installed. Some installations have direct current (DC) lighting and possibly DC appliances. The advantage of this is that for DC loads, the losses in the inverter are avoided. These installations will have a separate DC breaker panel connected before the inverter. For safety reasons, DC wiring cannot be run in the same conduit as AC wiring, and DC outlets must not accept an AC plug and vice versa.

A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that changes light energy into electricity. Photovoltaics are best known as a method for making electricity by using solar cells to change energy from the sun into a flow of electrons. The was first noticed by Alexandre-Edmond Becquerel in 1839. Practically all photovoltaic devices are some type of photodiode. 

Solar cells can be used to power tools or to recharge a storage battery. The first actual request of photovoltaics was to power orbiting satellites and other spacecrafts, but today the most photovoltaic modules are used for grid connected power creation. In this case a tool called an inverter is required to convert the direct current to alternating current. Cells require protection from the environment and are usually packaged tightly behind a glass sheet. When more power is required than a single cell can give off, cells are electrically connected together to form photovoltaic modules, or solar panels. A single module is enough to power an emergency telephone, but for a house or a power station the modules must be arranged in multiples as arrays.


Solar cell

Solar cells are semiconductor devices that convert light to electricity. They have many applications. They have long been used in situations where electrical power from the grid is unavailable, such as in remote area power systems, Earth-orbiting satellites and space probes, consumer systems, e.g. handheld calculators or wrist watches, remote radiotelephones and water pumping applications. More recently, they are starting to be used in assemblies of solar modules connected to the electricity grid through an inverter, often in combination with net metering.

Solar cells are regarded as one of the key technologies of solar energy towards a sustainable energy supply.

The first generation photovoltaic consists of a large-area, single layer p-n junction diode, which is capable of generating usable electrical energy from light sources with the wavelengths of sunlight. These cells are typically made using a silicon wafer. First generation photovoltaic cells (also known as silicon wafer-based solar cells) are the dominant technology in the commercial production of solar cells, accounting for more than 86% of the solar cell market.

The second generation of photovoltaic materials is based on the use of thin-film deposits of semiconductors. These devices were initially designed to be high-efficiency, multiple junction photovoltaic cells. Later, the advantage of using a thin-film of material was noted, reducing the mass of material required for cell design. This contributed to a prediction of greatly reduced costs for thin film solar cells. Currently (2007) there are different technologies/semiconductor materials under investigation or in mass production, such as amorphous silicon, poly-crystalline silicon, micro-crystalline silicon, cadmium telluride, copper indium selenide/sulfide. Typically, the efficiencies of thin-film solar cells are lower compared with silicon (wafer-based) solar cells, but manufacturing costs are also lower, so that a lower price in terms of $/watt of electrical output can be achieved. Another advantage of the reduced mass is that less support is needed when placing panels on rooftops and it allows fitting panels on light materials or flexible materials, even textiles. This allows for portable roll-up solar panels, which can fit in a backpack and be used to power cell phones or laptops in remote areas.

Third generation photovoltaics are very different from the other two, broadly defined as semiconductor devices which do not rely on a traditional p-n junction to separate photogenerated charge carriers. These new devices include photoelectrochemical cells, Polymer solar cells, and nanocrystal solar cells.

Companies working on third generation photovoltaics include "Xsunx, Konarka Technologies, Inc.", "Nanosolar" and "Nanosys". Research is also being done in this area by the USA's "National Renewable Energy Laboratory" (http://www.nrel.gov/).






Alternating current

An alternating current (AC) is an electric current of which magnitude and direction vary, unlike direct current, whose direction remains constant. This means that the direction of current flowing in a circuit is constantly being reversed back and forth. This is done with any type of AC voltage source. 

The usual waveform of an AC power circuit is a sine wave, because this leads to the most efficient transmission of energy. However, in certain applications different waveforms are used, such as triangular or square waves. Inexpensive power inverters produce a square wave with a pause between the change in direction.

When one speaks of alternating current one mostly refers to the form in which electricity is delivered to businesses and residences. The AC comes from a power plant. The direction of the electricity switches back 60 times every second (or 50 times in some parts of the world). This happens so fast that a light bulb does not stop glowing.

Both audio and radio signals carried on electrical wire are also examples of alternating current. In these applications, an important goal is often the recovery of information encoded (or modulated) onto the AC signal.

Nikola Tesla experimented with electrical resonance and studied various lighting systems. He invented an induction motor, new types of generators and transformers, and a system of alternating current power transmission.

William Stanley, Jr. designed one of the first practical devices to transfer AC power efficiently between isolated circuits. Using pairs of coils wound on a common iron core, his design, called an induction coil, was an early precursor of the modern transformer. The system used today was devised in the late nineteenth century, largely by Nikola Tesla. Contributions were also made by George Westinghouse, Lucien Gaulard, John Dixon Gibbs,Wilhelm Siemens and Oliver Shallenger. AC systems overcame the limitations of the direct current system used by Thomas Edison to distribute electricity efficiently over long distances. 

The Mill Creek hydroelectric plant was built near Redlands, California in 1893. Designed by Almirian Decker, it used 10,000 volt three-phase electric power which eventually became the standard method for power stations throughout the world.

AC power is cheaper and easier to make electronic devices. The power switches for AC power are also less expensive to make. It is less expensive than DC because you can increase and decrease the current very easily. AC can use high voltages with smaller current to reduce losses when you send power. AC reduces the heating in the wires. DC power could be sent, but it would lose a lot of energy and you would have to put more work in it to send it great distances. AC transformers are installed everywhere, including atop utility poles and underground. Alternating current works by switching the current many times back and forth constantly while it goes back to the source it came from.




Direct current

Direct current (DC or ""continuous current"") is the flow of electricity in a single direction, from the negative to the positive terminals (potential, poles).

The direct current always flow in the same direction, distinguishing it from the alternating current (AC). Direct current used to be called "Galvanic current".
Batteries are some of the main sources of direct current (DC), but many other sources also exist such as bridge rectifiers in power supply, solar panels, etc.

Typically, the current goes through a conductor and other things that can carry DC. DC is also sent through a vacuum as in electron beams or ion beams.

The first commercial electric power transmission was developed by Thomas Edison in the late nineteenth century using direct current. Today nearly all electric power distribution uses alternating current because of the advantages with transformers and transmission. High-voltage direct current is often used for transporting electricity to places far away.

For applications requiring direct current, the alternating current is typically distributed to a substation and then converted to direct current.

Long after the usage of direct current had been established, physicists realized that the current was made of negative electric charges, the electrons, and that the actual flow was from the negative to the positive pole (and so-called "holes" flow in the opposite direction), but by convention, the usage of the term was never changed.



Snowmobile

A snowmobile is a motorized vehicle used for travelling over snow. It is like a car, only instead of wheels, it has treads. Some snowmobiles have skis in the front for steering. 

Adding snowmobile studs to the tread decreases the time and distance it takes to stop a snowmobile. Once you make a decision to stop a snowmobile, the distance it will take to stop will be a combination of the speed of the machine, weight of the machine and the available friction and or the mechanical damping (which will equal the effective drag factor) between the snowmobile and the surface on which it is trying to stop. If the surface is icy or hard-packed, the mechanical damping portion of the effective drag factor is decreased, leaving you with only the friction provided by the tread to stop.

Snowmobile studs made from steel or stainless steel with carbide tips are installed in the tread. The studs are designed for specific terrains in varying lengths, shapes and materials. The studs control acceleration, deceleration and maneuverability. The correct amount and type of stud installed in an effective pattern will produce the best traction results.

The Remo Four

The Remo Four were a rock band from Liverpool, England, from the late 1950s and early 1960s, at the same time the Beatles were starting their musical careers.

While the Beatles gained experience performing in Hamburg, Germany, the Remo Four played at American Air Force bases in France. Members of the two bands were friends, and often played at the same places back in Liverpool, or would go to watch each other perform.

After the Beatles became famous under Brian Epstein's management, Epstein signed up the Remo Four also. He worked hard to promote the band, but they never achieved massive success as the Beatles had. Epstein paired the Remo Four with a singer he also managed, called Tommy Quickly. They made a series of singles together, but none became hits. Quickly retired from music, and the Remo Four went on to work with other singers, including Billy J. Kramer. They also released an album, titled "Smile", on a German record label.

George Harrison was invited to record a movie soundtrack in late 1967. Instead of working with the Beatles, he invited the Remo Four to work with him. The movie, "Wonderwall", got little exposure, but the soundtrack album, "Wonderwall Music", became a minor hit the next year.

Magnitude (mathematics)

The magnitude of a mathematical object is its size: a property by which it can be larger or smaller than other objects of the same kind.

In mathematical language one would say: It is an ordering of the class of objects to which it belongs.

The Ancient Greeks distinguished between several types of magnitude, including:

They had proven that the first two could not be the same, or even isomorphic systems of magnitude. They did not consider negative magnitudes to be meaningful, and "magnitude" is still primarily used in contexts in which zero is either the lowest size, or less than all possible sizes. 

The magnitude of a real number formula_1 is usually called the absolute value or modulus. It is written as formula_2, and is defined by:

This gives the number's distance from zero on the real number line. For example, the modulus of formula_5 is formula_6.

The magnitude of a vector formula_7 is called its norm, and is usually written as formula_8. It measures the length of the vector. For a three-dimensional vector formula_9, the norm can be calculated using the formula formula_10.

A magnitude is never negative. When comparing magnitudes, it is often helpful to use a logarithmic scale. Real-world examples include the loudness of a sound (decibel), the brightness of a star, or the Richter scale of earthquake intensity.

Because magnitudes are often not linear, they usually cannot be added or subtracted in a meaningful way.


Fraction (mathematics)

A fraction is a number that shows how many equal parts there are. When we write fractions, we show one number with a line above (or a slash next to) another number. For example, formula_1, and 1/4.are different ways of writing the same fraction (in this case a quarter). The top number tells us how many parts there are, and the bottom number tells us the total number of parts.

The top part of a fraction (example: 1/4) is a numerator. Numerators can be any real numbers. The numerator can be on the top or to the left when writing fractions. The bottom part of a fraction (example: 1/4) is called a denominator. This number cannot be zero. It is on the bottom or on the right when writing fractions.

A proper fraction is a fraction with the numerator smaller than the denominator. An improper fraction is a fraction where the numerator is bigger than the denominator. For example, formula_1 is a proper fraction, and formula_3 is an improper fraction.


A fraction is a mathematical expression relating two quantities or numbers, where one divides the other. When the two quantities are whole numbers (or integers), this is called a rational number (such as the fraction formula_7). When the two quantities are polynomials, this is called a rational function.

Mathematically, a fraction is a quotient of numbers, representing the number's value when the numerator (upper number) is divided by the denominator (lower number). Thus formula_7 means one divided by two, or, in decimals, 0.5.

To find formula_7 of formula_7, the denominators are multiplied, and because denominator 2 multiplied by 2 equals 4, we have that formula_7 x formula_7 = formula_1, or 0.5 x 0.5 = 0.25.

To find formula_7 "divided by" formula_7, multiply formula_7 by the reciprocal of formula_7, which is 2. That answer is 1.

To multiply two fractions, the first numerator is multiplied by the other numerator, and the first denominator is multiplied by the other denominator. For example. ' x ' = '. One can simplify this by dividing both numbers by a common factor. This would be ' after the simplification.



Buckethead

Brian Patrick Carroll, better known as Buckethead, is an American musician and songwriter. Buckethead has released 435 studio albums, 388 of them are in the Pike series. He has performed on over 50 more albums by other music artists. His music spans many different styles and genres.

When performing onstage Buckethead wears a white KFC bucket over his head and an expressionless plain white costume mask.

Although he can play many different types of musical instruments, Buckethead is best known for his guitar playing. He has been voted as a top guitarist in many magazines dedicated to the topic of guitar playing.

Buckethead records and performs onstage as a solo artist most of the time. He has also worked with many musicians including: Bill Laswell, Bootsy Collins, Bhargav Polara Bernie Worrell, Iggy Pop, Les Claypool, Serj Tankian, Mike Patton and Viggo Mortensen. Buckethead was a member of Guns N' Roses from 2000 to 2004.

Buckethead has created music for movies such as: "Saw II", "Ghosts of Mars", "Beverly Hills Ninja" and "Last Action Hero".

Quotient

In mathematics, the quotient is the result of a division. For example, in the division of 6÷3, the quotient would be 2. Here, 6 is also called the dividend, and 3 the divisor. The quotient can thus be expressed as the number of times the divisor adds together into the dividend.

On the other hand, a quotient can also mean just the integral part of the result of dividing two integers. For example, the quotient of 17 ÷ 5 would be 3 (since 5 goes into 17 at most 3 times), whilst the remainder, the leftover of the division, would be 2.

Quotients also come up in certain tests, like the IQ test, which evaluates one's intelligence quotient. In this case, the quotient is the score of the test. In recent decades, as people begin to emphasize multi-dimensional personal development, other similar quotients (such as emotional quotient) are being developed and considered as well.


Norman language

Norman is a language spoken mainly in Normandy. It is a Romance language (a language which comes from Latin). It is closely related to French and is often called "Norman French". After the Norman Conquest, Norman changed the English language considerably. 
Forms of the Norman are still used in the Channel Islands,

No one now uses Sercquiais or Auregnais as their first language, but Jèrriais and Guernésiais are still used.

Division (mathematics)

In mathematics, division is the operation which is the opposite of multiplication. The symbols for division are the slash (formula_1) and the fraction line, as in:

where both expressions mean "6 divided by 3", with 2 as the answer. The first number (6) is the dividend, and the second number (3) is the divisor. The result (or answer) of a division is the quotient, where any left-over amount as whole numbers is called the remainder. For example, formula_4 gives quotient 3 with remainder 2, all expressed as the mixed number formula_5 or formula_6).

If formula_7 times formula_8 equals formula_9, written as:

where formula_8 is not formula_12, then formula_7 equals formula_9 divided by formula_8, written as:

For example,

because

In the above expressions, the dividend is formula_19, the divisor is formula_20 and the quotient is formula_21 (with no remainder).

Division by zero, as in

is not defined.

Division is most often shown by placing the "dividend" over the "divisor" with a horizontal line (called a vinculum) between them. For example, formula_7 divided by formula_8 is written as

This can be read as "x divided by y", or "x over y". A way to express division on one line is to write the "dividend", then a slash, then the "divisor", like this:

This is the usual way to write division in most computer programming languages, since it can easily be typed as a simple sequence of characters.

A typographical variation which is halfway between these two forms uses a slash, but elevates the dividend and lowers the divisor:

Any of these forms can be used to show a fraction. A fraction is a division expression where the dividend and divisor are both integers (in that case, the two numbers are called "numerator" and "denominator").

Division should not be confused with ratios, which are written as formula_27, and read "formula_28 (is) to formula_29".



Division

Division could mean:

Processes:

Units/ Entities:

Music:

Miscellaneous:

Divisor

In mathematics, a divisor of an integer "n", also known as a 6th grade math factor of "n", is an integer which divides "n" without leaving a remainder. The statement ""m" is a divisor of "n"" can be written as formula_1. Any number is always divisible by 1 and itself, which are two of the divisors. A prime number is a number with no other divisors. The positive divisors of a number "n", other than "n" itself, are the proper divisors of "n".

Finding one or more factors of a given number is called factorization.

For example, 7 is a divisor of 42 because 42÷7 = 6. We also say that "42 is divisible by 7", "42 is a multiple of 7", "7 divides 42", or "7 is a factor of 42", and we usually write 7 | 42. For example, the positive divisors of 42 are 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 14, 21, 42.

In general, we say that "m" divides "n" for non-zero integers "m" and "n", if and only if there exists an integer "k" such that "n" = "km". Thus, divisors can be negative as well as positive, although we often restrict our attention to positive divisors. (For example, there are six divisors of four, 1, 2, 4, -1, -2, -4, but one would usually mention only the positive ones, 1, 2, and 4.) 

1 and -1 divide (are divisors of) every integer, every integer is a divisor of itself, and every integer is a divisor of 0, except by convention 0 itself (see also Division by zero). Numbers divisible by 2 are called even, and numbers not divisible by 2 are called odd.

A divisor of "n" that is not 1, -1, "n" or -"n" is known as a non-trivial divisor; numbers with non-trivial divisors are known as composite numbers, while prime numbers have no non-trivial divisors.

The name comes from the arithmetic operation of division: if "a÷b" = "c", then "a" is the dividend, "b" the divisor, and "c" the quotient.

There are properties which allow one to recognize certain divisors of a number from the number's digits. Those properties can be used as "math tricks" to quickly spot some divisors of a number.

For example, if the last digit is even (0, 2, 4, 6 or 8), then 2 is a divisor. If the last digit is 0 or 5, then 5 is a divisor. If the digits add up to a multiple of 3, then 3 is a divisor. For the number 340, ending in "0" then both 2 and 5 are divisors, plus 2×5 = 10 is also a divisor. Dividing by 10, 340/10 = 34, as finally 2×17. Combining all the smaller numbers, the 12 divisors of 340 are:
Note that any number is always evenly divisible by 1 and itself.



Remainder

In arithmetic, the result of the division of two integers usually cannot be expressed with an integer quotient, unless a remainder—an amount "left over" after the division—is also accepted.

Given a natural number formula_1 and a non-zero natural number formula_2, it can be shown that there exist unique integers formula_3 and formula_4, such that formula_5 and formula_6. The number formula_3 is called the "quotient", while formula_4 is called the "remainder".

If formula_1 and formula_2 are integers with formula_2 being non-zero, then a remainder is an integer formula_4 such that formula_5 for some integer formula_3, and with formula_15.

When defined this way, there are two possible remainders. For example, the division of -42 by -5 can be expressed as either

or

So the remainder is then either 3 or -2.

This ambiguity in the value of the remainder is not very serious; in the case above, the negative remainder is obtained from the positive one just by subtracting 5, which is formula_2. This holds in general. When dividing by formula_2, if the positive remainder is formula_20, and the negative one is formula_21, then

When formula_1 and formula_2 are real numbers, with formula_2 being non-zero, then formula_1 can be divided by formula_2 without remainder, with the quotient being another real number. If the quotient is constrained to being an integer, however, the concept of remainder is still necessary. It can be proven that there exists a unique integer quotient formula_3 and a unique real remainder formula_4 such that formula_5 with formula_31. Similar to the case of division of integers, the remainder could be required to be negative, that is, formula_32. 

Extending the definition of remainder for real numbers, as described above, is not of theoretical importance in mathematics; however, many programming languages implement this definition—see modulation for more.


Remainder (disambiguation)

Remainder is the amount "left over" when dividing two integers.

Remainder could also mean:


List of 20th Century Studios movies

This is a list of movies produced and/or distributed by the U.S. movie studio 20th Century Studios (formerly 20th Century Fox). The company was founded on May 31, 1935 as a merger between Fox Film Corporation and 20th Century Pictures. For the movies of those two companies, see List of pre-1940 Fox films and List of 20th Century Pictures films. Those marked with an <nowiki>*</nowiki> are available in the public domain.






Andreas Starke

Andreas Starke (SPD) (born 17 September 1956 in Hamburg) became the Lord Mayor of Bamberg in Bavaria, Germany in 2006. He won the election against Peter Neller (CSU), Ursula Sowa (Bündnis 90/Die Grünen) and Norbert Tscherner (BBB).

Robert Enke

Robert Enke (born 24 August 1977 in Jena, East Germany - died 10 November 2009, Neustadt am Rübenberge, Germany) was a German football player. He was a goalkeeper for the German football team.

Enke started to play football at "BSG Jenapharm Jena", a local club in his city. In 1985 he came to the youth teams of Jena's major football club, Carl Zeiss Jena. On 11 November 1995, at the age of 18, he played his first professional match for Jena in the German 2. Bundesliga. In 1996, he came to Borussia Mönchengladbach in the German Bundesliga.

From 1997 to 1999 he played in fifteen matches for the German under-21 national team. In 1999 he was nominated as one of three goalkeepers of the national team and he went to the FIFA Confederations Cup in the same year. After leaving Germany in 1999 and playing in Portugal, Spain and Turkey, he was not nominated.

In 2006, having played in Germany for two years, he was nominated as a stand-by goalkeeper for the world championships. After that he returned to the team, on 28 March 2007 he made his first match for the team (against Denmark). In May 2008 he became goalkeeper number two after Jens Lehmann who was already 38 years old. After UEFA Euro 2008, Jens Lehmann left the national team. On 8 October 2008, Enke broke his hand, so René Adler played his first match in the national team. Other goalkeepers who were tested were Manuel Neuer and Tim Wiese.

Enke's last club was Hannover 96. He had a contract until the year 2010. In 2007 he became team captain for the club. He had played eight matches for the national team. His last match for the national team was on 12 August 2009 against Azerbaijan, his last club match was on 8 November 2009 against Hamburg.

Enke and his wife had a daughter who died in 2006. She was two years old. In 2009 they adopted another daughter.

Enke died in the evening of 10 November 2009 when he was hit by a train near Neustadt am Rübenberge. His advisor said that Enke committed suicide. The next day, there was a press conference with Enke's widow and his psychiatrist. They said that Enke had had a major depressive disorder (depression) since the year 2003.

200||0
57||0
10||0
1||0
268||0

!Total||8||0


Veliky Novgorod

Veliky Novgorod () is a city in the European part of Russia. It is the administrative center of Novgorod Oblast. It is about from St. Petersburg. In 2007, about 217,000 people lived there. "Novgorod" is the Russian word for "new city" and "Veliky" means "the Great". The city is actually one of the most historic in Russia. Its past can be traced to the 9th century. Yaroslav the Wise ruled there in the 11th century. It was the only Russian province that was "not" captured by the Golden Horde.

Nizhny Novgorod

Nizhny Novgorod (Russian:Ни́жний Но́вгород, often shortened to "Nizhny") is the fourth largest city in Russia. The first three are Moscow, St. Petersburg, Novosibirsk, Yekaterinburg and Kazan. Nizhny Novgorod had a population of 1,249,861 in 2021, and one of 1,438,133 in 1989. It is the economic and cultural center of the vast Volga-Vyatka economic region, and also the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast and Volga Federal District.

From 1932 to 1990 the city was known as Gorky (Russian: Го́рький) after the writer Maxim Gorky.


Maxim Gorky

Aleksei Maksimovich Peshkov (In Russian Алексей Максимович Пешков) (Old style: 16 March 1868, New style: 28 March – 18 June 1936), better known as Maxim Gorky (Максим Горький), was a Soviet/Russian author, a founder of the socialist realism literary method and a political activist. 

From 1906 to 1913 and from 1921 to 1929 he lived abroad, mostly in Capri, Italy; after his return to the Soviet Union he accepted the cultural policies of the time, although he was not permitted to leave the country.



Ankh

The ankh was the Egyptian hieroglyphic character that stood for the word ʿnḫ, meaning life. Egyptian gods are often portrayed carrying it by its loop, or bearing one in each hand, arms crossed over their chest. It is also known as the Egyptian Cross, or as crux ansata, Latin for "cross with a handle".
"Ankhs" are viewed as a protective symbol. Many Ancient Egyptian Gods are seen holding this item. 

Ingrid Bergman

Ingrid Bergman (29 August 191529 August 1982) was a Swedish actress. She won numerous accolades, including three Academy Awards, two Primetime Emmy Awards, a Tony Award, four Golden Globe Awards, BAFTA Award and a Volpi Cup. 

Born in Stockholm, Bergman enrolled at Royal Dramatic Drama School. She began acting in Sweden before moving to Hollywood in 1939. Her first movie was a remake of a Swedish movie "Intermezzo". Bergman starred in movies "Casablanca" (1942), "Gaslight" (1944), "Spellbound" (1945) and "Notorious" (1946). She was nominated for seven Academy Awards. Her last role was in a television miniseries "Golda Meir" (1982). Bergman married Roberto Rossellini in 1950. She had a daughter Pia (born 1938) by her first husband Dr. Lindström, and a son Robertino (born 1950) and twin daughters Isabella Rossellini and Isotta (born 1952) with Rossellini. Bergman died of breast cancer in London, England.


Ruwer-Hochwald-Radweg

The Ruwer-Hochwald-Radweg is a cycle trail. It links the Moselle-valley and
the Hunsrück from Trier to Hermeskeil in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The length is about :


Novosibirsk

Novosibirsk (Russian: Новосиби́рск, pronounced ) is Russia's third largest city, after Moscow and Saint Petersburg, and the administrative center of Novosibirsk Oblast. It is also the largest city in Siberia and the administrative center of Siberian Federal District. It is in the southwest of this district.

It was founded in 1893 as the future site of the Trans-Siberian railway bridge crossing the great Siberian river Ob. Its importance further increased early in the 20th century with the completion of the Turkestan-Siberia Railway connecting Novosibirsk to Central Asia and the Caspian Sea. 

The settlement became city in 1903. City name may be translated as New Siberian. From 1893 until 1925 Novosibirsk was called Novonikolayevsk. 
During the Great Patriotic war of the Soviet Union a lot of factories from the west parts of the country were evacuated here.

In 1986 Novosibirsk became the first city in Siberia having a metro system.

The city lies along the Ob River in the West Siberian Plain. To the south is the Ukok Plateau part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site entitled "Golden Mountains of Altai".

The climate is sharply continental, with very severe, cold and snowy winters and hot and dry summers. Temperatures in summer range from 10 to 30 °C (50...85 °F), in winter -5 to -25 °C (20...-10 °F), but can reach -45 °C (-50 °F) in winter and 35 °C (95 °F) in summer. The difference between the highest and the lowest temperature is 83 °C (181 °F). Most of the time the weather is sunny, with an average of 2880 hours of sunshine per year.

Industries include machine manufacturing and metallurgy. It is the home of one of Novosibirsk State University (in nearby Akademgorodok), a number of institutes and a scientific research center. Novosibirsk has opera and ballet companies, several theaters, museums, and art galleries, and numerous sports facilities.

West Siberian railway control organization is located in the city, on the Vokzalnaya magistral street beginning near Novosibirsk Glavny rail terminal.

In 1986 Novosibirsk metro started its working. It became the first subway system in Siberia.

Also, the city has tram, trolley and bus systems.

Tolmachevo international airport is located in Novosibirsk area.


Alice Springs

Alice Springs () is a city in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is 200 km south of the centre of mainland Australia. It is about halfway between Darwin in the north and Adelaide in the south.

In 2005 there were 26,486 people living in Alice Springs. This makes it the second largest town in the Northern Territory.

Alice Springs is often called "the Alice" or simply "Alice". It is called "Mparntwe" by the Arrernte. The Arrernte people are the Aboriginal people who have lived around Alice Springs for more than 60,000 years.

According to the Arrernte traditional stories, the land around Alice Springs was shaped by caterpillars, wild dogs, travelling boys, two sisters, euros and other ancestral figures. There are many sites of traditional importance in and around Alice Springs. These include Anthwerrke (Emily Gap), Akeyulerre (Billy Goat Hill), Ntaripe (Heavitree Gap), Atnelkentyarliweke (Anzac Hill) and Alhekulyele (Mt. Gillen).

In 1862, John McDouall Stuart led an expedition into Central Australia and the area where Alice Springs is located. Until the 1930s the town was known as Stuart. The Australian Overland Telegraph Line that joined Adelaide to Darwin and Great Britain was completed in 1872. It followed Stuart’s route. It opened up the interior for permanent European settlement. When surface alluvial gold was found at Arltunga, 100 km east of Alice Springs, in 1887 many people began to move into the area.

The telegraph station was built near a waterhole in the normally dry Todd River. It was thought to be a permanent source of water, and was named Alice Springs. Alice was the wife of the former Postmaster General of South Australia, Sir Charles Todd. The Todd River was named after Sir Charles.

The original method of travel in the outback were camels. These camel trains were run by people from Pathan tribes in the North-West frontier of India and Pakistan. They were wrongly called ‘Afghans’ in Australia.

In 1929 the Palmerston and Pine Creek Railway was built from Darwin as far as Birdum, Northern Territory. The Great Northern Railway had been built in 1891 from Port Augusta as far as Oodnadatta, South Australia. The lines wouldn’t meet until 2003. On February 4, 2004, the first passenger train arrived in Darwin.

During the 1960s Alice Springs became an important defence base. About 700 people work at the US/Australian Pine Gap joint defence satellite monitoring base.

The major industry in recent times is tourism.

The town of Alice Springs built on the banks of the usually dry Todd River. It is on the northern side of MacDonnell Ranges. The region where Alice Springs is located is known as Central Australia, or the Red Centre. It is a very dry region, made up of several different deserts.

Temperatures can vary by up to 28 °C. In summer the average highest temperature is in the high 30s. In winter the average lowest temperature can be -7.5 °C.

The rainfall can vary quite a lot from year to year. The annual average rainfall is 286 mm. In 2001 741 mm fell, but in 2002 only 198 mm fell.

Alice Springs began as a town to supply the cattle farms that first came to the area. The arrival of the railway increased its economy and productivity. Today the town supplies a region of 546,046 square kilometres. There are 38,749 people living in the region. The region includes a number of mining and farm communities, the Joint Defence Facility at Pine Gap and tourist attractions.

In June 2004, 38,749 people lived in the region. There were 26,058 people living in the city of Alice Springs. Aboriginal people made up about 37% of people in the Alice Springs region in 2001.

According to the 2001 census, Australian Aborigines are about 17% of the people in Alice Springs, and 29% of the people in the Northern Territory. Alice Springs is the business centre of Central Australia. Aboriginal people come from all over the region to use the town's services. Aboriginal residents usually live in the suburbs, on special purpose leases (or town camps). Some live farther out at Amoonguna to the south. Many live on the small family outstation communities on Aboriginal Lands in surrounding areas.

The traditional owners of the Alice Springs area are the Central Arrernte people. As it is the largest town in central Australia, there are also speakers of at least thirteen other languages.

The American influence in Alice Springs comes from Pine Gap, a US satellite tracking station. It is 19 km south-west of Alice Springs. Pine Gap employs 700 American and Australians. There are about 2,000 people in the Alice Springs region who are US citizens.

American influence can be seen throughout Alice Springs. The Americans still celebrate all major festivals, including Halloween, Independence Day and Thanksgiving. A number of Australians also join in the festivities from time to time. There is also American sport, including baseball, basketball, and American football.

Alice Springs has a large number of visitors up of:

Alice Springs has 19 public and private schools and colleges. This includes 2 for aboriginal students, 7 pre-schools and the Alice Springs School of the Air. The School of the Air provides education to students in remote areas. The Alice Springs Campus of Charles Darwin University offers courses in TAFE and Higher Education. The Centre for Appropriate Technology was established in 1980. It has a range of services to encourage and help Aboriginal people improve their quality of life on remote communities.

Australian Rules Football is a popular sport in Alice Springs. The Central Australian Football League has several teams and many people play. The sport is very popular in Indigenous communities. The local stadium, Traeger Park, can hold 10,000 people. It was built to hold national AFL and international cricket matches. In 2004, an AFL pre-season Regional Challenge match between Collingwood Football Club and Port Adelaide Football Club filled the stadium.

Cricket is also a popular sport in Alice Springs. The Imparja Cup Cricket Carnival started in 1994. Teams from Indigenous communities come from all across Australia. A unique sporting event, held every year, is the Henley-on-Todd Regatta. This is also known as the Todd River Race. It is a sand river race with bottomless boats. It is the only dry river regatta in the world. Another unusual sporting event is the Camel Cup. This is also held every year at the local racetrack, Blatherskite Park. It is a full day event with races using camels instead of horses.

Recital

A recital is a concert of classical music given by just one musician or one musician and an accompanist. A pianist playing a concert by himself will be giving a "piano recital". A "violin recital" will be given by a violinist and piano accompanist.

People started talking about "recitals" in the middle of the 19th century. Pianists such as Liszt became famous when they travelled about giving piano recitals. Soon piano manufacturers (firms that make pianos) and concert agents started to sponsor famous pianists to give recitals. These great pianists became great stars in the way that, in music, only opera singers had been great stars before. Some concert halls have become well-known places for recitals, e.g. the Bosendorfersaal in Vienna, the Beethovensaal in Berlin, the Wigmore Hall in London and the Carnegie Hall in New York.

Some pianists became known for playing recitals of music by just one composer. Recitals of Chopin's music were particularly popular. "Song recitals" (or "vocal recitals") are given by singers who sing Lieder and sometimes arias from operas.

Program music

Programme music (or "program music" in US English) is music for instruments which describes something or tells a story. It is the opposite of "absolute music" which is not trying to describe anything, just the sound of the piece. Programme music was very popular in the 19th century although some programme music was written earlier.

Some composers in the Renaissance and Baroque periods wrote music which described battles. Antonio Vivaldi wrote a very famous set of four concertos for violin and strings called "The Four Seasons". Each of the movements describe things happening during the year's seasons, e.g. the birds singing in the spring, snowy winter days, etc.

At the start of the 1800s, Beethoven wrote a pastoral symphony, Symphony No. 6 "Pastorale", which describes the peaceful life in the countryside. This way of making music describe things became very popular with Romantic composers. Mendelssohn wrote "concert overtures" which had nothing to do with an opera but were simply short pieces of music for orchestra which told a story. "Hebrides Overture", for example, describes the feel of the sea lapping into Fingal's Cave in the Scottish Inner Hebrides.

Franz Liszt made programme music very popular in his symphonic poems. Hector Berlioz's "Symphonie Fantastique" describes a story he made up himself about a man who has dreams about a woman he loves. The woman he loves is represented by a tune (melody) which is heard in different ways during the symphony. It is called an "idée fixe" (French for "fixed idea"). This way of linking a theme (tune) with a person led to Wagner's use of leitmotif in his operas in which a tune is linked to a person, event or idea. At the start of the 19th century Richard Strauss wrote several symphonic poems, often using a leitmotif to describe the person it is about. They include "Don Juan", "Don Quixote" and "Ein Heldenleben" ("A hero's life").

Anaerobic organism

An anaerobic organism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth. 


Microaerophiles are organisms that may use oxygen, but only at low concentrations (low micromolar range); their growth is inhibited by normal oxygen concentrations (approximately 200 micromolar). Nanaerobes are organisms that cannot grow in the presence of micromolar concentrations of oxygen, but can grow with and benefit from nanomolar concentrations of oxygen.

Obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration. In the presence of oxygen, facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration; without oxygen some of them ferment, some use anaerobic respiration. Aerotolerant organisms are strictly fermentative. Microaerophiles carry out aerobic respiration, and some of them can also do anaerobic respiration.

Some anaerobic bacteria produce toxins (e.g., tetanus or botulinum toxins) that are highly dangerous to higher organisms, including humans.


Tetanus

Tetanus (or lockjaw) is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that stay that way for some time.

Infection generally occurs through wound contamination, and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound. The main symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin, a neurotoxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium "Clostridium tetani". As the infection goes on, muscle spasms develop in the jaw. This is usually followed by problems with swallowing. The disease leads to muscle stiffness and spasms in other parts of the body. Infection can be prevented by proper immunization and by post-exposure prophylaxis.


Immunization

Immunization is a way of preventing a person from getting a disease. This is done by making the person's body come into contact with a bit of the disease so that the body learns how to fight it. The body's ability to fight off a disease is called its immune system. 

The material is known as an immunogen. Immunization is the same as inoculation and vaccination because inoculation and vaccination use an infecting agent (something that infects) in the same way that immunization does.
When the human immune system is exposed to an infection once, it can learn how to cope quickly if it is exposed to it again. By exposing an individual to an immunogen in a controlled way, the body will be able to protect itself from that infection later on in life.

Whipped cream

Whipped cream is a dairy food used in many desserts. It is made with heavy cream, a type of cream that contains a large amount of fat.

To make whipped cream, a person whips or beats the heavy cream with a whisk or an electric mixer until it becomes fluffy and filled with air. For some desserts, icing sugar can be added as a sweetener. Some people also add flavourings to whipped cream, such as vanilla.

Whipped cream is used in many types of desserts. Some desserts, such as apple pie or strawberry shortcake, are often served with whipped cream on top. Whipped cream is also served in milk shakes, Alex's coffee, and on ice cream sundaes. Some desserts have whipped cream inside them, such as cream puffs and eclairs.

Tetanospasmin

Tetanospasmin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative spore of "Clostridium tetani" in anaerobic conditions, causing tetanus. It is sometimes called spasmogenic toxin, tetanus toxin or abbreviated to TeTx or TeNT. 

Neurotoxin

A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells – neurons – usually by interacting with membrane proteins and ion channels. 

Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins. A common effect is paralysis, which sets in extremely rapidly. The venom of bees, scorpions, pufferfish, spiders and snakes can contain many different toxins. Many neurotoxins act by affecting voltage-dependent ion channels.
A man named Clairvius Narcisse was dead and came back to life again because the locals used neurotoxin on him to bring him back to life. He was buried in Haiti in 1964.

Paralysis

Paralysis is the complete loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups, when the thing that is paralysed cannot move. 

Paralysis is most often caused by damage to the nervous system or brain, especially the spinal cord. Major causes are stroke, trauma, poliomyelitis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), botulism, spina bifida, multiple sclerosis, and Guillain-Barré syndrome. Partial paralysis can also occur in the REM stage of sleep (see:Sleep paralysis). Paralysis often includes loss of feeling in the affected area.

In hemiplegia, one side of your body is paralysed.

During monoplegia, only one limb is unable to move.

In paraplegia, both legs are unable to move.

The most extreme form of paralysis. The whole body from the neck down can't move.

Paralysis of the whole body.

Membrane protein

A membrane protein is a protein molecule that is attached to, or associated with the membrane of a cell or an organelle.

20–30% of all genes in genomes code for membrane proteins. They are targets of over 50% of all modern medicinal drugs.

Membrane proteins perform a variety of functions vital to the survival of organisms:



Tampa Bay Buccaneers

The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are an American Football team in the National Football League (NFL). They are a part of the Southern Division of the National Football Conference. The Buccaneers are from Tampa, Florida. The team was founded in 1976, and are the champions from Super Bowl XXXVII in 2002. Their quarterback is Baker Mayfield.

The name "Buccaneer" comes from certain pirates who would raid the western coast of Florida in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.

The Buccaneers play in Raymond James Stadium located in Tampa, Florida.

The Buccaneer's division rivals include the New Orleans Saints, the Carolina Panthers and the Atlanta Falcons. Their in state rivals include the Miami Dolphins and the Jacksonville Jaguars.

The Buccaneers have 3 players in the NFL Hall of fame: Lee Roy Selmon, Warren Sapp, and Derrick Brooks.

They are the first team to play the Super Bowl on their homefield, as Super Bowl LV is hosted in Tampa, after defeating the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship game. Tampa played the Kansas City Chiefs in the Super Bowl. They won the game 31-9 against the Kansas City Chiefs. 


Obelus

An obelus (plural, obeli) is a symbol of a line with dots above and below, formula_1, and is used to represent the division operation in mathematics. Because of that, this symbol is also known as a division sign. 

The word "obelus" comes from the Greek word for a sharpened stick, spit, or pointed pillar. This is the same root as that of the word "obelisk". The obelus was first used as a symbol for division in 1659, in the algebra book "Teutsche Algebra" by Johann Rahn. Today, the obelus is used occasionally, mostly as a standalone symbol for the division operation itself (as on a calculator), or as an operator in elementary arithmetic. In most cases, division is now represented using other ways, often by a forward slash (/), also known as "solidus". 



Vinculum (symbol)

A vinculum is a horizontal line put over a mathematical expression. It shows that it belongs together as a group. ("Vinculum" is Latin for "chain".)

Examples are:

1. groups of digits repeating forever, for example,

2. fractions

3. radicals (in the following example the quantity formula_3 is the radicand, and thus has a vinculum over it):


Colon (punctuation)

The colon (":") is a punctuation mark, simply consisting of two equally sized and vertically aligned dots.

A colon is a more significant pause than a semicolon. It is usually used to contrast two parts of a sentence:




The colon's first appearance in English text is marked by the "Shorter Oxford English Dictionary" as 1589.

A special double-triangle colon symbol is used in IPA to indicate that the preceding sound is long. Its form is that of two triangles, each a bit larger than a point of a standard colon, pointing toward each other. It is available in Unicode as modifier letter triangular colon, Unicode U+02D0 (). A regular colon is often used as a fallback when this character is not available, or in the practical orthography of some languages (particularly in Mexico), which have a phonemic long/short distinction in vowels.

The colon is also used in mathematics, cartography, model building and other fields to denote a ratio or a scale, as in 3:1 (pronounced "three to one"). A betting odd of the form formula_1 corresponds to the probability formula_2. Unicode provides a distinct ratio character, Unicode U+2236 () for mathematical usage.

In many non-English-speaking countries, the colon is used as a division sign: ""a divided by b"" is written as a : b.

The combination with an equal sign, formula_3, is used for definitions.

In computing, the colon character is represented by ASCII code 58, and is located at Unicode code-point U+003A. The full-width (double-byte) equivalent, ：, is located at Unicode code point U+FF1A.

The colon is quite often used as a special control character in many operating systems commands, URLs, computer programming languages, and in the path representation of several file systems. It is often used as a single post-fix delimiter, signifying the immediate precedence of a token keyword or the transition from one mode of character string interpretation to another related mode. Some applications, such as the widely used MediaWiki, use the colon as both a pre-fix and post-fix delimiter.

For a double-colon, "::" the meaning has included the use of ellipsis, as spanning over omitted text; however, there have been other meanings as well.

On the Internet (online chats, email, message boards, etc.), a colon or multiple colons is sometimes used to denote an action or emote. In this use, it has the inverse function of quotation marks—denoting actions where unmarked text is assumed to be dialog. For example:

Colons may also be used for sounds (as with ":Click:"). One can contrast this use with the use of outer asterisks (for example, *cough* would denote that the speaker is coughing, as opposed to saying the word 'cough').

It also has the widespread usage of representing two vertically aligned eyes in a emoticon, such as :-), :( :P, :D, :3, etc


Colon

Colon could mean:


Tomorrow Never Knows

Tomorrow Never Knows is a song from The Beatles's "Revolver" album, from 1966.

John Lennon wrote the song based on his readings of "The Psychedelic Experience", which adapted the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" for use as an LSD "user's manual", intending to give users a kind of religious experience. The song's title came from his bandmate Ringo Starr, who was known for his but insightful comments about life.

Lennon wanted the sound of monks , to complement the Beatles' recording of the song. It was not possible to do this, but Lennon's voice was played through a special speaker (called a Leslie speaker), to give it a sound, like a voice calling from a hilltop. Other sounds on the record came from tape loops, playing over and over, and from a sitar.

The song has also been recorded by other artists. A dance cover version appeared in the 1990s.

Gone with the Wind (movie)

Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American movie based on Margaret Mitchell's book of the same name. It premiered in Atlanta, Georgia. It stars Vivien Leigh, Clark Gable, Leslie Howard and Olivia de Havilland. The movie tells the story of the American Civil War from the perspective (view point) of a young southern woman named Scarlett O'Hara. The movie was very popular at the time. Considering inflation, it is the highest-grossing movie yet made. The movie has been criticized for inaccurately showing slavery and the South, but the movie changed how African Americans appeared on the screen. "Gone with the Wind" is considered one of the greatest movies of all time.

It is the year 1861 and right before the American Civil War. Scarlett O'Hara lives with her parents, two sisters, and slaves at a plantation in Georgia. The plantation is called Tara. Scarlett is in love with Ashley Wilkes, but he will be marrying Melanie Hamilton. At a party at the plantation Twelve Oaks of Ashley, one guest Rhett Butler admires Scarlett. Scarlett is more interested in Ashley. News of the start of the Civil War interrupts the party. Men go racing about to enlist in the war. Scarlett marries Melanie's younger brother Charles. She does this to make Ashley jealous. Charles dies in the war, and Scarlett goes to Atlanta. There she appears at a charity bazaar in black mourning clothing and dances with Rhett. 

The Confederates lose at the Battle of Gettysburg, and Union troops start entering the city of Atlanta. At the same time, Scarlett helps Melanie give birth to a child. They and Rhett flee the city. Rhett returns to the fighting, and Scarlett, Melanie and Prissy return to Tara. The place is a wasteland. The slaves Mammy and Pork, her father, and two sisters are there. Scarlett promises to make sure her family survives. 

Scarlett and her sisters work in the field. Their father dies trying to chase away a carpetbagger. The Confederates lose the war and Ashley returns. Scarlett wants to run away with him. He kisses her, but he says he cannot leave Melanie. Scarlett tricks Suellen's fiancé into marrying her to pay the high Reconstructionist taxes. One night, Scarlett is on the road and attacked. Frank, Ashley, Rhett, and others raid the town of the attack, and Frank dies. Later Scarlett accepts a marriage proposal of Rhett. 

Rhett and Scarlett have a daughter called Bonnie Blue. Scarlett still likes Ashley and does not want any more children. Ashley's sister one day sees Scarlett and Ashley embracing and spreads rumors. Rhett hears about it and forces Scarlett to attend Ashley's birthday party. Melanie stands by her. When Scarlett returns home, Rhett is drunk and forces her to have sex. 

Rhett apologizes the next day. He says she can divorce, but she refuses. Rhett goes to London. When he returns, she says she is pregnant again. They argue, and Scarlett falls down the stairs and has a miscarriage. Later Bonnie dies trying to jump a fence with her pony. Melanie is very sick from her new pregnancy. Scarlett comforts Ashley and realizes that she loves Rhett. Scarlett pleads with Rhett, but he leaves her. She promises to win him back again. 


Selznick wanted Clark Gable to star as Rhett Butler. Selznich had to make a deal with MGM to get Gable. Selznick would have to pay Gable's salary directly. It took a long time to find the right actress for Scarlett. Many other famous actresses were considered. Katharine Hepburn wanted to have the role, but was rejected. The following actresses were screen-tested: Ardis Ankerson, Jean Arthur, Tallulah Bankhead, Diana Barrymore, Joan Bennett, Nancy Coleman, Frances Dee, Ellen Drew (as Terry Ray), Paulette Goddard, Susan Hayward, Vivien Leigh, Anita Louise, Haila Stoddard, Margaret Tallichet, Lana Turner and Linda Watkins.

Selznick worked with Susan Myrick to get the Southern accents correct. 

Selznick wanted Victor Fleming, who directed "The Wizard of Oz" to be director. Fleming did not like the script. Screenwriter Sidney Howard and Selznick revised the script a couple times. Others participated in the writing, but it is unclear how much each wrote. 

Selznick had Director George Cukor removed after three weeks. Several people and some of the actors did not like it. Victor Fleming would end up directing the movie. 

Most of the movie was shot at "the back forty". This was a movie studio backlot. At the time, it was owned by Selznick International. Other locations were in Los Angeles County and neighboring Ventura County. For the house Tara and the burning of Atlanta, facades were used. The movie was expensive to make. Some estimate it was $3.85 million. 

The score has several love themes. The music includes folk and patriotic songs such as "Louisiana Belle", "Dolly Day", "Ringo De Banjo", "Beautiful Dreamer", "Old Folks at Home", and "Katie Belle","Marching through Georgia" by Henry Clay Work, "Dixie", "Garryowen", and "The Bonnie Blue Flag". The most famous theme is Tara's Theme.  

The movie was first released at Fox Theatre in 1939. There was a standing ovation. When it was released in Atlanta, there were 300,000 visitors. There were several festivities including a parade. There were three days of parties in which the stars of the movie wore costumes and many stores in the city redecorated to look like they would have in the Civil War. Victor Fleming and Selznick were no longer close, so Fleming did not attend. Black actors like Hattie McDaniel were not allowed because of Jim Crow laws. The movie would be re-released several times for anniversaries of the Civil War and the movie. 

The movie had good reviews from critics. Critics considered the movie to be an ambitious and a technical achievement. Critics liked the first half better. Some critics were critical of the movie. They thought it was too long. Others said the movie was forgettable and not memorable. Some said the movie is a major event in history, but a minor one in movies. The movie has a 90% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie got several awards. 

"Gone with the Wind" received 10 Academy Awards in 1940.

It was nominated for five more.

Black commentators criticized the portrayal of African Americans in the movie. Some said the movie created African-American stereotypes. The movie was compared with "The Birth of a Nation". Commentators said "The Birth of a Nation" was more of a direct attack on black people and obvious lies. "Gone with the Wind", however, was a more subtle attack and lie. In the African-American community, there were different views. Some believed the movie to be insulting. Others thought that the performances of the African-American actors showed progress and achievements of African-Americans. 

A record number of people watched "Gone with the Wind". After four years of its release, sixty million tickets were sold. This was about half of the U.S. population at the time. The movie was also popular in Europe and Japan. The movie was still popular decades later with its re-release. Only "The Sound of Music", "The Graduate," "Doctor Zhivago" and "The Godfather" would eventually make more than the re-releases of "Gone with the Wind". Together, over 200 million tickets have been sold in America and Canada. It is the most successful movie to be made. The movie made the most money of all time, after taking inflation into account. "Gone with the Wind" is still popular in the 21st century. 

Although "Gone with the Wind" premiered in 1939, it is still remembered today as one of the greatest American movies of all time. Upon reevaluation, some critics say the script is poorly written. The movie was named the #4 best movie of all time by the American movie Institute. The quote "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn," said by Rhett Butler at the end of the movie and was voted the #1 greatest movie quote of all time. The movie has made the following American Film Institute lists: 


The movie has been criticized for ignoring slavery and depicting the Confederacy in a positive way. The movie is a form of historical negationism or denialism. This is when the historical facts are not represented accurately. The movie glorifies the Lost Cause of the Confederacy. This false Lost Cause claims the South had heroic and just reasons for the war and that slavery was not the main issue. There are black stereotypes in the movie. The movie shows happy enslaved people. Rhett Butler and his men are part of the Ku Klux Klan in the book, but this is not in the movie. For some time, the movie was removed from theaters and HBO Max. This caused debates on political correctness. Since the George Floyd protests, criticism has increased. In response, the streaming service HBO Max has added a discussion of the movie's themes before the beginning of the movie. The site claims that one should not erase the movie but understand and learn from it.

Even though, it made 394 million dollars when it came out, after inflation, that means that it made 3.44 billion dollars which Guinness World Records says makes it the most succesful movie that anyone has ever made. 


Titanic (disambiguation)

Titanic can refer to

Santino Marella

Anthony Carelli (born March 14, 1974) is a Canadian professional wrestler and judoka. He currently works for TNA Wrestling as an authority figure. He appears under the ring name Santino Marella. He became famous in the WWE, where he was a two-time WWE Intercontinental Champion, one-time WWE United States Champion, and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion with Vladimir Kozlov. He played an Italian character. Outside of wrestling, Carelli owns his own judo dojo and is the official ambassador of Judo Canada.

Carelli was signed by World Wrestling Entertainment in 2005 for Ohio Valley Wrestling, WWE's farm territory. He made his WWE debut on the April 16 edition of WWE Raw in Milan, Italy under the name of Santino Marella (as a tribute to Robert "Gorilla Monsoon" Marella). As an Italian fan seletced by Mr. McMahon, he won the Intercontinental Championship from Umaga after he was attacked by Bobby Lashley. With this, he became one of a few superstars to win a title in their first main roster match. He was also involved in a storyline where he worked as Santina Marella, Santino's twin sister, who would become "Miss WrestleMania" at WrestleMania XXV.

On July 6, 2014, at a live event in Toronto, Ontario, Marella announced his retirement due to a third major injury to his neck. On May 6, 2016, Carelli was released from WWE because of an injury. He returned to wrestling in 2017.

Carelli and his former wife Petrina have a daughter, Bianca Carelli, who won the Miss Teen Ontario-World pageant in 2013. Carelli married bikini fitness competitor Anna Babij, in November 2015. His daughter Bianca wrestled for the NWA and is currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the NXT brand under the ring name "Arianna Grace".



Fresco

Fresco is a way of painting pictures. A "fresco" is a kind of mural, a painting that is done on a wall. A wall painting is sometimes called a "fresco" by mistake. A true "fresco" is painted onto plaster that is fresh. The plaster has been laid on the wall that day and is still damp. Frescoes last a long time because the paint mixes into the plaster. The word "fresco" comes from the Italian for "fresh". 

Not all wall paintings are frescoes. In Ancient Egypt, for example, many of the wall paintings were done on dry plaster and are not true frescoes. 

The Royal Palace at Knossos in Crete, c. 1500 BC, had many frescoes. The scene of athletes dancing with a bull is the most famous. 

Many Ancient Roman wall paintings can be seen at Pompeii from the 1st century AD, but these are not true frescoes. 

The Sigiriya Frescoes painted in Sigiriya in Sri Lanka around 485 AD use the "fresco lustro" technique which varies slightly from the pure fresco technique in that it also contains a mild binding agent. This gives the frescoes added durability as they have survived exposed for nearly 1500 years. 
There are many frescoes dating from the late Middle Ages, about 1000-1400 AD when, it was the fashion to paint the inside of churches with people and stories from the Bible. The order of the pictures was carefully planned by the artists and priests. Above the altar is usually seen a picture of Jesus Christ. On the west wall is often a frightening picture of The Last Judgement to remind people to turn to Jesus. Many frescoes like this can be seen in Greece, Spain, Portugal, Serbia, Armenia, Romania and Russia. There are a few in Germany, France and Italy.

In Italy, around 1300 AD, the artist Giotto painted frescoes that were so full of life that people were amazed. Each picture was like looking onto a stage where real people told the story. This was the beginning of the period of art history called the Renaissance. Giotto's frescoes became so famous that he had many pupils and followers. Giotto's most famous frescoes are in the Arena Chapel in Padua. He also painted in the Church of St. Francis at Assisi and at Santa Croce (Church of the Holy Cross) in Florence.

A hundred years later, about 1400 AD, two artists called Masolino and Masaccio worked in the city of Florence, painting a chapel. Their names translate as "Little Tom" and "Fat Tom". Masaccio's way of painting was the biggest change since Giotto, in particular the two weeping naked figures of Adam and Eve. Everyone thought that Masaccio was one of the greatest painters alive. But he died at only 27 years old. These frescoes are in the Church of the Carmine, in Florence.

In the 1400s many other artists in Italy were given the job of painting churches or chapels. They were paid by "patrons", rich people who could afford an artist. The most important patron was the Pope. Pope Sixtus IV had built a new chapel in the Vatican in Rome. In 1481, he got some of the best artists in Italy to decorate the walls for him. See Sistine Chapel. 

In 1508 the work continued in the Sistine Chapel when Pope Julius II made the great artist Michelangelo go to Rome to paint the ceiling. It took him four years, and he became sick from the strain and the smell. But when he had finished, he had painted one of the greatest artworks in the world. Then, 1537-1541, he painted the west wall of the same chapel with The Last Judgement.

For the next 200 years, painted ceilings were in fashion. But artists soon discovered that it was easier to paint in oil on canvas and put it up on the ceiling than to paint on the ceiling in fresco. The fashion for fresco painting began to fade.



The Count of Monte Cristo

The Count of Monte Cristo is a novel by Alexandre Dumas, père. The story is about revenge and forgiveness. The main character of the book, Edmond Dantès, is wrongly sent to prison. There, he meets an old priest named Faria, who tells Dantès of a treasure. He escapes and finds the large treasure. He uses it to carry out a plan of revenge on the three people who sent him to prison. The novel was well received by critics and readers. It has been adapted to many stage plays and movies.

The novel was first published in the "Journal des Débats" in 18 parts from August 28, 1844 to January 15, 1846. It was first published in Paris by Pétion in 18 volumes (1844-5). It was published in English in 1846 by Chapman and Hall. It has been translated many times since 1846, and into many languages. Dumas wrote a set of three plays that told the story of "The Count of Monte Cristo": "Monte Cristo" (1848), "Le Counte de Morcerf" (1851), and "Villefort" (1851). The book inspired the plot for other novels, including Lew Wallace's "" (1880).


Hallandale Beach, Florida

Hallandale Beach is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States. The city is named after Luther Halland, a worker for Henry Flagler's Florida East Coast Railroad. The population was 41,217 at the 2020 census. Sometimes the city is called the "southernmost Canadian city". This is because Hallandale Beach has been a popular vacation spot for years, and most of the tourists come from Quebec and the northeast United States. Many of these tourists eventually moved to the area to live there.

Nazi Party

The National Socialist German Workers' Party (German ; "Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei", abbreviated NSDAP), also known as the Nazi Party, was a far-right German political party. It was started in 1920 from the German Workers' Party (German: "Deutsche Arbeiterpartei", "DAP"), which would later be renamed the NSDAP. On the day it was created, the party published its 25-point manifesto (book of ideas). The items in this list of ideas included getting rid of the Treaty of Versailles; gaining more land for the German people; taking away any income people had not earned by working; taking away Jewish people's citizenship; changing the education system; and setting up a strong central government. It is most known for being Hitler's political party. 

From 1920 until 1923, Hitler the NSDAP became to most popular in Bavaria since the Beer Hall Putsch of 1923 . In June 1934 the Nazi Party started Night of the Long Knives to kill SA leader Ernst Röhm and German Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher .

In 1919, Adolf Hitler joined the German Workers Party. In 1920 the party changed its name, and Hitler took control in 1921. 

In 1923, the Nazi Party tried to start a coup d'état in Munich to take over Germany, but failed. This battle was called the Beer Hall Putsch. Hitler was sentenced to five years in prison for treason. However, he was let out of prison after nine months. Other people who participated in the Beer Hall Putsch were given the death penalty or 5-6 years imprisoned. The government also made the NSDAP illegal in Germany.

While he was in prison, Adolf Hitler wrote most of "Mein Kampf" ('My Struggle'). In this book, he wrote down his political ideas and his future plans for Germany.

In 1924, Hitler was let out of prison early. He restarted the NSDAP. He wanted to gain power legally, through elections. At this time, the NSDAP was only one of a few extreme right-wing, nationalist political parties in Germany. There were many other parties with similar ideas then. Important people like Fritz Thyssen and Emil Kirdorf, both leaders of big industries, supported the Nazi Party.

The next elections to the Reichstag were held in 1928. In these elections, the Nazi Party won 2.6% of the vote. The party decided to decrease its anti-Semitic slogans in order to do better in the next election. Instead, the NSDAP focused more on foreign policy and on terrorising the German people. In local elections in 1929 and 1930, the NSDAP won about 10% of the vote.

In 1930, President Paul von Hindenburg dissolved the Reichstag. The Nazi Party saw this as an opportunity. In the elections on 14 September, 1930, the NSDAP won 18.3% of the vote, and had become the second biggest party in Germany. 

At this time, most German people wanted to get rid of the Weimar Republic (the "Weimarer Republik"). Weimar was the German city where the German constitution was written after the First World War. People also wanted a stronger Germany, with more soldiers. The Treaty of Versailles had made it illegal for Germany to have some types of weapons and ships.

On January 30, 1933, Franz von Papen offered to make Adolf Hitler the Chancellor of Germany in a nationalist cabinet. He did this in secret. This was a "Machtübergabe", or 'transfer of power'. However, later on, the NSDAP started to call it the "Machtergreifung" ('seizing power'). It was better for Nazi propaganda to say that they took power from the Weimar Republic, instead of being made the Republic's legal government.

The last "free" election in Weimar Germany was in March 1933. The Nazi Party won 44% of the vote. This was not a majority. After the Reichstag fire, they managed to get the two-thirds majority they needed to pass the "Ermächtigungsgesetz" (Enabling Act). With this new law, they dissolved parliament; gave Hitler the power to do anything he wanted; and made all political parties (except the Nazi party ) illegal.

After this, the Nazi party became very important. People had to be party members to get some jobs, or to get promoted. The Nazi party ended when Germany surrendered to the Allies on 8 May 1945, who banned the party and all other Nazi organizations.

On March 23, 1933, the German Parliament passed the "Law of Rectification of the Distress of Nation and Reich" or commonly known as the "Enabling Act". Since this law required a two-thirds majority vote in parliament, Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party used intimidation and persecution tactics to silence their opposition. They detained all 81 Communists and 26 out of the 120 Social Democrats in Nazi-controlled camps, effectively preventing them from participating in the voting process or expressing their opinions. Later, the only party that voted against it were the remaining Socialists. The laws were not questioned and challenged by the German judges as they viewed Hitler's government legitimate.

The "Enabling Act" then allowed Hitler to propose and sign legislation into law without the need and permission of Germany's parliament. The following are examples of laws the Nazi Party created and kept during their time of control.


The NSDAP was dissolved on 8 May 1945. After that, the NSDAP no longer existed.

They made some reforms which still exist today. For example:

But the Nazis did so many bad things that it is now illegal in Germany to display the swastika symbol (shown on the flag above) or use slogans such as "Sieg Heil." In November 2010, a British member of the European Parliament, Godfrey Bloom, was forced to leave Parliament. This happened after he shouted the Nazi slogan 'Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Führer' at a German member of Parliament.



Carl Nielsen

Carl Nielsen (born in Sortelung, near Nørre Lyndelse on Funen, June 9, 1865; died in Copenhagen, October 3, 1931) was a Danish composer. He is the most famous composer from Denmark and one of the most important composers of symphonies from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Carl Nielsen was the seventh in a family of twelve children. His father’s name was Niels Jørgensen. It was Danish tradition for a child to get his father’s given name as part of his name, so Carl became Carl Nielsen (“son of Niels”).

The family was very poor and Carl had to help in the home. During the school holidays he looked after the geese. His father, who was a simple painter, played the violin and cornet in the village band. Carl soon learned to play the violin and joined in with his father’s band. He listened to music by Haydn and Mozart and became very interested in general knowledge. All his life he tried to learn new languages and was interested in literature, art and philosophy. He loved animals and the nature around him.
When he was 14, he had a job in the military orchestra in the nearby town of Odense. He played the horn and trombone. In 1884 some rich people in Odense paid for him to go to the Conservatory in Copenhagen. He studied music there and did quite well, but there was nothing yet to show that he would be a brilliant composer. He got a job as violinist in the Royal Chapel, a good orchestra which was conducted by Johan Svendsen. He got to know the music of Wagner, and he went to Germany to study it. Later he was not so keen on Wagner’s music, and he was not much influenced by it.

In 1891, he married Anne Marie Brodersen who was a sculptress. They travelled together to Italy where they saw lots of great art. When they returned to Denmark Nielsen started composing some of the music that was to make him famous. In 1901 the Danish government paid him money every year so that he did not have to teach and could spend his time composing. He also conducted the Royal Theatre when Svendsen retired. He often travelled to other countries and, later, did some teaching and examining at the Copenhagen Conservatoire. He was made director of the conservatoire in 1931, shortly before he died.

Nielsen suffered for several years from heart trouble. He died from this disease on October 3, 1931.

Carl Nielsen wrote nearly every kind of music: opera, chamber music, symphony, concerto, songs. His music was different from the Romantic music that other composers were writing at that time. Nielsen liked the music of the Classical period, especially Haydn and Mozart. He learned from them, but also used a lot of chromaticism and interesting orchestral sounds which made his music much more modern.

He wrote a serious opera called "Saul og David" and a comic opera "Maskarade". He wrote a lot of Danish songs which are very popular in Denmark.

By far the most important of his works internationally are his six symphonies and three concertos. The Fourth and Fifth Symphonies, especially, are performed very often by orchestras all over the world.

He wrote a very large work for organ called "Commotio".

Nielsen always said how important his simple village background was for his music. This can be heard clearly in his popular cantata "Fynsk Foraar" ("Springtime in Funen") which shows his love of the countryside where he grew up.

Madonna and Child

The Madonna and Child or The Virgin and Child is often the name of a work of art which shows the Virgin Mary and the Child Jesus. The word "Madonna" means "My Lady" in Italian. Artworks of the Christ Child and his mother Mary are part of the Roman Catholic tradition in many parts of the world including Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, South America, Switzerland, and the Philippines. Paintings known as icons are also an important tradition of the Orthodox Church and often show the Mary and the Christ Child. They are found particularly in Eastern Europe, Russia, Egypt, the Middle East and India. 

Works of art which show the "Madonna and Child" can be paintings or sculptures. Some paintings are very large and show the Madonna on a throne, with saints standing around it. These paintings are altarpieces; they are designed to go above the altar in a church.

In some churches, particularly in Italy and in Eastern Orthodox Churches, there are many wall paintings and mosaics of the "Madonna and Child".

Most "Madonna and Child" paintings are small. They have been painted for private owners and would usually have been kept in houses. They might be hung on the wall above a table where flowers and candles could be placed to honour the Virgin Mary. Most of the famous ones are now in art galleries. 
Many Catholic churches have statues of the Virgin Mary with the Christ Child, These are sometimes life-sized and are painted, with real hair and glass eyes so that they look lifelike.

Other statues of the "Madonna and Child" are very small. In the Middle Ages small statues were carved from ivory. These precious statues are often very beautifully and delicately made. They can often be seen in museums.

In Florence in the early 1400s, an artist called Luca della Robbia began making "terracotta" statues and sculptured altarpieces from clay, which were fired and "glazed" with colours, most often blue and white, but also purple, green and yellow. This family business lasted for 120 years.

Many statues of the "Madonna and Child" may be factory-made and sold as souvenirs. This tradition of small statues has been around for hundreds of years. Many of them were made in artist's workshops in the Early Renaissance

In the Orthodox Church, there is also a long tradition of painting images of the Virgin Mary with the Christ Child. These pictures, which are often quite small and are painted on wooden panels, are often very careful copies of particular famous icons. This tradition continues to the present day.

These three famous paintings are all together in one room of the Uffizi Gallery in Florence. Two of these paintings are from the Middle Ages, but Giotto's painting is an Early Renaissance painting, as can be seen in the natural, solid look of the figures which seem to be "three dimensional". 


Many churches contain famous statues of the "Madonna and Child", particularly old churches. 


Göppingen

Göppingen (, "Gebbeng", or "Geppenge") is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 2005, there were 57,771 people living there. It is at the bottom of the high "Kaiserberg", or "Emperors' Mountain".

The first settlement at Göppingen was in the Hallstatt period, 800-480 BC. A Roman settlement from about 250 BC was found near the present day Oberhofen Church. An Alemannic prince by the name of "Geppo", is believed to have started the town after the sometime in the 3rd or 4th century. The town is named after him.

A fire on August 25, 1782 destroyed most of the town, but it was immediately rebuilt. During the 1800s, many factories were built in the area. Companies such as Märklin and Schuler are still based in the town.

In 1930, an air field was built north of Göppingen. This was taken over by the Luftwaffe in 1935 and was called the Fliegerhorst Kaserne (barracks). From 1945 to 1949, displaced persons and refugees were housed in the buildings. In 1949, it was renamed Cooke Barracks, after Charles H. Cooke, Jr., who been killed in action and given the Silver Star and Soldier's Medal for bravery.

In late 1950, the 7th Army had been reformed in Stuttgart and United States Army began to be stationed at Cooke Barracks. The barracks were made bigger for the 28th Infantry Division headquarters. The 28th Infantry was renamed as the 9th Infantry Division (United States) in 1954 and was replaced by the 8th Infantry Division in 1956. They were then replaced by the 4th Armored Division in 1957, which was renamed as the 1st Armored Division in 1971 and moved to Hindenburg Kaserne in Ansbach in 1972. The 1st Infantry Division moved from Augsburg in 1972 until 1991. There was also two Family Housing-Blocks in Donzdorf at the Göppingen (district). In July 2017, they was hold the remembering cooke barracks festival, because the inhabitants in göppingen district loved and liked the US Army who was once stationed in Goppingen.

Cooke Barracks were given back to the German government in 1992. The barracks were again used to house refugees for some time, then returned to civilian use.

Frisch Auf! Göppingen currently plays in the German first handball-division (Handball-Bundesliga).


National Gallery, London

The National Gallery, London is an art gallery in London, England, which has one of the finest collections of European paintings in the world. 
What makes this gallery so important is that, although there are bigger galleries, "The National Gallery" has many paintings of very high quality and also because it has paintings by famous artists whose works are very rare. These rare paintings include works by Duccio, Masaccio, Uccello, Piero della Francesca, Leonardo, Giorgione, Michelangelo, Caravaggio, Vermeer, Chardin, Klimt, Rousseau and Redon.

"The National Gallery" is on Trafalgar Square, which is one of the busiest tourist places in London. It is a grand building of pale grey limestone, with a central dome and a large Classical style porch ("portico") like an Ancient Greek temple. To the left side, the gallery has a large new building called "The Sainsbury Wing". 

In 1823 a collector called Sir George Beaumont offered to give his famous collection of paintings to the British Government to start a public art gallery. In 1824 another famous collection of paintings was on sale. The owner, John Julius Angerstein, had died. It looked as if his paintings would be sold outside England. Then there was another offer of paintings from a third collector, The Reverend Holwell Carr. The Parliament had to make a quick decision.

The Parliament voted that a national collection should be started and a gallery should be built. They gave 60,000 Pounds Sterling to buy the Angerstein paintings. They got 38 pictures and were able to display them publicly in the Angerstein House. 

The collection grew quickly with the Beaumont and Holwell Carr paintings, and others, being bought or given. A new gallery was needed. In 1831 the plans of the architect William Wilkins were accepted. The site which looks over Trafalgar Square was chosen, old buildings were demolished and the magnificent new gallery was opened on April 9, 1838.

When "the National Gallery" opened, there was a strong opinion that paintings of the High Renaissance period of the late 1400s to Baroque paintings of the 1600s were the finest type of art. The word "primitive" was used to describe Italian paintings from the 1300s and early 1400s. Luckily, the director of the Gallery, Sir Charles Eastlake, thought it was important to collect some of these "primitive" paintings, as well as the more popular High Renaissance paintings. That is how the "National Gallery" came to own so many very rare works from the Late Middle Ages and Early Renaissance periods.

In the 1870s the Gallery was lucky to get two collections of paintings by famous Dutch artists. The building had to be made larger to house them. The Gallery was also given paintings by famous British artists; soon there were so many that most of them were moved out to a new gallery called the Tate.

By the 20th century, it was getting more difficult to buy very important paintings; there were other galleries in the United States and Germany who were trying to buy the same paintings. So the "National Gallery" began to buy works by more modern painters and soon had a collection of 19th and early 20th century paintings. This is not a large part of the "National Gallery's" collection, but it does show small works by many very important artists, particularly the Impressionists.











Unperson

In the George Orwell book Nineteen Eighty-Four, an Unperson in Newspeak is someone who has been vaporized. Vaporization is when a person is secretly murdered and from society, the present, the universe, and existence. Such a person would be taken out of books, photographs, and articles so that no trace of them is found in the present anywhere – no record of them would be found. This was so that a person who defied the Party would be gone from all citizens' memories, even friends and family. There is no Newspeak word for what happened to unpeople, therefore it is thoughtcrime to say an unperson's name or think of unpeople. 

This is similar to the Stalinist Soviet Party erasing people from photographs after death; this is an example of "real" unpeople.

The Stalin-era Soviet Union also provided real-world examples of unpersons in its treatment of Leon Trotsky and other members of the Communist Party who became politically inconvenient. In his 1960 magazine article "Pravda means 'Truth'", reprinted in "Expanded Universe", Robert A. Heinlein argued that John Paul Jones and a mysterious May 15, 1960 cosmonaut had also received this treatment.


Düren

Düren (Ripuarian: "Düre", Low Franconian: "Dürre" or "Dure") is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is between Cologne and Aachen. About 90,000 people live there. Düren is at the river Rur.

Gütersloh

Gütersloh (, Low Franconian: "Gütersloh") is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 96,000 people live there. It is home to the high-end appliance brand Miele. 

Iserlohn

Iserlohn (Westphalian Low German: "Iserlaun", "Iserliaun", or "Iserlauhn"; Middle Low German: "Eisenwald") is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 93,000 people live there; it is one of the largest cities in that region.

Velbert

Velbert is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 87,000 people live there.

Lünen

Lünen is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. 88,000 people live there. Lünen has got two important football clubs: Lüner SV and BV Brambauer. Lüner SV is playing in the "Bezirksliga (8. league), but in 1963 the club achieved his greatest aim. They got Champion of Westphalia.

Marl, North Rhine-Westphalia

Marl is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 91,000 people live there.


Bocholt

Bocholt () is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 73,000 people live there.

Roman Abramovich

Roman Abramovich (born October 24, 1966 in Saratov, Russia) is a Russian-British businessman. Roman Abramovich was born in Saratov, in the former Soviet Union (FSU) on October 24, 1966. He was orphaned at the age of three and raised by his uncle in Ukhta, in the Komi Republic in northern Russia. When he was eight, Abramovich went to live with his grandmother in Moscow.

He is one of the richest men in the world. As in 2019, his wealth was estimated at $12.9 billion by Forbes which made him the wealthiest person in Israel, where he resides, and the 140th wealthiest person in the world.
Abramovich is the owner of Millhouse, LLC, a private investment company, the owner of Evraz, a steel making and mining company, and major shareholder of Norilsk Nickel, a nickel and palladium mining and smelting company. He is also part owner or significant shareholder in a multitude of international corporations, primarily in steel and mining, and private investment and was well known as owner for club Chelsea Football Club, one of the most successful and popular football teams in the United Kingdom.

In 1999, Abramovich who was then 33 years old, was elected governor of the Russian province of Chukotka, and was subsequently elected for a second term, serving until 2008.

Abramovich has received the ‘Order of Honor’ by the President of Russia for his significant contribution to economically developing the autonomous district of Chukotka. He was also given the ‘Order of Friendship’ by the President.


Morena Baccarin

Morena Baccarin (born June 2, 1979) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for her role as Inara Serra in the sci-fi television series "Firefly" and the movie "Serenity". Morena was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Her father is of Italian descent. Her mother is Brazilian stage and television actress Vera Setta.

When she was 10, Baccarin moved with her family to Greenwich Village, New York, in the United States. She later attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts (the High School in the movie "Fame") before she studied theater at Juilliard.



José Mourinho

José Mário dos Santos Mourinho Félix, , or simply José Mourinho (born January 26, 1963 in Setúbal) is a Portuguese football manager and former player who is the head coach of Serie A club Roma. He is commonly known as "The Special One". Mourinho is regarded by some players, coaches, and critics as one of the best football coaches of all time. Jose Mourinho's father was no stranger to the world of football. Felix Mourinho practiced this sport as a professional goalkeeper. He also represented his country in one international match. Without a doubt, this factor had a huge impact on the Portuguese coach's career since his childhood, especially with his father's unquenchable desire for Jose to become a big player.

Mourinho won four league titles in a row (two at Porto and two at Chelsea). He has also won the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Cup with Porto. For two years in a row (2004 and 2005), Mourinho was named the world's best football coach by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics (IFFHS). After leaving Chelsea F.C., he was replaced by Avram Grant. He went to coach Internazionale Milano and won the Serie A, Italian Super Cup and Champions League in a single season (2009/10).

Sawmill

A sawmill is a place where lumber is cut into boards.

Sawmills today work like sawmills from hundreds of years ago. A log enters at one end, and pieces of wood of a specific shape and size come out of the other end.

Sawmills seem to have existed in the medieval period, as one was sketched by "Villard de Honnecourt" in c.1250. On the other hand, people think they were introduced in Madeira following its discovery in c.1420 and spread widely in Europe in the 16th century.

The Dutchman "Cornelis Corneliszoon" (1550-1607) invented his type of sawmill by applying a pitman arm onto a wind mill, which converted a turning motion into an up-an-down motion. Corneliszoon patented the sawmill on December 15, 1593 and the pitman on December 6, 1597. He built the first sawmill in 1594.

Before to the invention of the sawmill, boards were sawn by two men with a whipsaw, using saddleblocks to hold the log, and a pit for the pitman who worked below. Sawing was slow, and required strong and enduring men. The topsawer had to be the stronger of the two because the saw was pulled in turn by each man, and the lower had the advantage of gravity. The topsawyer also had to guide the saw so that the board was of even thickness. This was often done by following a chalk line.

Early sawmills simply adapted the whipsaw to mechanical power, generally driven by a water wheel to speed up the process. The circular motion of the wheel was changed to back-and-forth motion of the saw blade by a Connecting rod known as a "pitman". A pitman is similar to a crankshaft, but in reverse; a crankshaft converts back-and-forth motion to circular motion. Generally, only the saw was powered, and the logs had to be loaded and moved by hand. An early improvement was the development of a movable carriage, also water powered, to steadily move the log through the saw blade.

A small mill such as this would be the center of many rural communities in wood-exporting regions such as the Baltic countries and Canada. The output of such mills would be quite low, perhaps only 500 boards per day. They would also generally only operate during the winter, the peak logging season.

In the United States, the sawmill was introduced soon after the colonisation of Virginia by recruiting skilled men from Hamburg. Later the metal parts were obtained from the Netherlands, where the technology was far ahead of that in England, where the sawmill was largely unknown until the late 18th century. The arrival of a sawmill was an important step in the growth of a frontier community.

Early mills were taken to the forest, where a temporary shelter was built, and the logs were skidded to the nearby mill by horse or ox teams, often when there was some snow to provide lubrication. As mills grew larger, they were usually established in more permanent facilities on a river, and the logs were floated down to them by log drivers.

Technology has changed sawmill operations significantly in recent years, emphasizing increasing profits through waste minimization and increased energy efficiency as well as improving operator safety.



Hazrat Babajan

Hazrat Babajan (1806–1931), birthname Gool Rukh ("like a rose"), was born as a Pathan lady in a noble Muslim family of Balochistan in northern British India Empire (now Pakistan). At the age of 18 she fled her arranged marriage and sought God instead. She journeyed to the northeast, first to Peshawar and then to Rawalpindi, disguised by her Muslim veil. She lived for a year and a half in the mountainous regions of what is now Pakistan under the guidance of a Hindu sadguru, then traveled to Punjab. In Multan, at the age of 37, she received God-realization from an Islamic qutub (Muslim master), Maula Shah.

Babajan is most famously remembered as the spiritual master of Meher Baba. 

Concept album

A concept album is a kind of album in which all the songs are about the same thing. Most of the time, they tell a story.

Examples of concept albums are:


Convenience food

Convenience food is a type of food. This kind of food has been made so it can save the consumers time to prepare it. Usually such foods just need to be heated. They are made for a long shelf life, so that they can stay in the store for a long time. One thing to remember is that you may have to pay for the convenience, as this food is often expensive.

Many people criticise these products, because:

Before modern times most men worked in the open, often in fields. Agriculture was, before the industrial revolution, the biggest employment for men in most countries. They usually took their midday meal with them, and ate where they worked.

Many kinds of food types were invented for this purpose. The Cornish pasty from the UK is one which survives to the present day. Other kinds have vanished, and their names forgotten. The Bedfordshire clanger was a baked suet dumpling, and there was also a Bedfordshire roll. This was savoury at one end and sweet at the other. It was eaten from the savoury end to the sweet end. There used to be many other varieties and version. Many have commented on the way convenience foods are heavy on calories. They were meant to be, for work then was usually manual labour, and men used their muscles continually as they worked.

The modern sandwich is a relatively recent invention, since it dates back only to the 18th century. It has become a standard way of taking food to the school or workplace.





Zippo

A Zippo lighter is a refillable metal lighter made by Zippo Manufacturing Company since 1933. Many different styles have been made since 1933, such as the pipe Zippo, for lighting pipes. Many people collect Zippos. Some Zippos are worth a lot of money.

Zippo lighters are wind-proof, which means that the wind can not blow them out. The most common fuel for Zippos is naphtha.

1367

1367 was a common year.




939

939 was a common year.




Water heating

Water heating is a thermodynamic process using an energy source to heat water above its initial temperature. Typical domestic uses of hot water are for cooking, cleaning and bathing, and space heating. In industry both hot water and water heated to steam have many uses.

The most common energy sources for heating water are fossil fuels: natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, oil or sometimes solid fuels (coal or firewood. These fuels may be consumed directly or by the use of electricity (which may derive from any of the above fuels or from nuclear or renewable sources). Alternative energy such as solar energy, heat pumps, hot water heat recycling, and sometimes geothermal power, may also be used as available, usually in combination with gas, oil or electricity.

Solar collectors for solar powered water heaters are installed outside dwellings, typically on the roof or nearby. Nearly all models are the direct-gain type. They consist of flat panels in which water circulates.

In countries like Iceland and New Zealand, and other volcanic regions, water heating may be done using geothermal power, rather than combustion.


Couëron

Couëron is a city in France on the Atlantic Ocean near Nantes. About 18.000 people live in the city.

Room temperature

Room temperature does not have an exact scientific definition. It means a temperature that is normal in rooms used by human beings.

A comfortable room temperature depends on individual needs and other factors. According to the West Midlands Public Health Observatory (UK), is the recommended living room temperature, and is a good bedroom temperature.

However, in hotter countries such as those near the equator room temperature can be as high as .

Room Temperature is the temperature that is comfortable and normal to be in.

For scientific work, room temperature is taken to be in the range with an average of . Scientists use kelvins (K) for temperature. The Rankine (°R) unit is no longer used.

The progress and results of many scientific and industrial processes can sometimes depend on the temperature of the surroundings of the equipment. For example, a measurement of the charge of the electron does not depend upon the temperature of the test equipment. In this case, if scientists mention temperature at all, they usually only mention "room temperature", which means that what is being measured has not been cooled or heated.

Kraftwerk

Kraftwerk is a electronic band from Germany that became famous in the late 1970s and 1980s for making electronic music. They used synthesizers and sequencers to make the rhythms and melodies in the song.

Kraftwerk made electronic music many years before other bands knew it would be popular. They paved the way for the MIDI and digital styles of music to become popular in the 1990s. Many of the sounds from songs such as "Computer Love", "The Robots", and "Trans Europe Express" can be heard sampled by a variety of bands on their current releases. Recently, some of Kraftwerk's original recording equipment was sold on eBay for astonishing amounts. Kraftwerk continues to have a faithful following. The band's name is German for power station.


Cricket ball

A cricket ball is a hard, solid ball used to play cricket. In men's cricket the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces (137.5 and 143.8 g) and measure between and 9 inches (220 and 225 millimetres) in circumference.

A cricket ball is usually red, white or pink depending upon the game and has a seam over it. 


Baptist

Baptist is a word describing a tradition within Christianity and may also refer to individuals belonging to a Baptist church or a Baptist denomination. The tradition takes its name from the belief that followers of Jesus Christ should be placed in water to show their faith. Baptists do not practice infant baptism.

In 1639, Roger Williams began a Baptist church in Providence, Rhode Island and John Clarke began a Baptist church in Newport, Rhode Island. It is not clear which church opened first. Records for both churches are missing information.

Baptist churches do not have a central principal authority. Therefore, beliefs are not the same from one Baptist church to another, mainly beliefs that may be considered minor. However, on major issues, most are held in common among almost all Baptist churches.

Baptists share so-called "orthodox" Christian beliefs with most other moderate or conservative Christian denominations. Some of them are beliefs about one God; Jesus' death, burial, and bodily resurrection; the Trinity (the divinity of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, together with God the Father); the need for salvation; grace; and evangelism and missions.

There are over 90 million Baptists in the world in nearly 300,000 churches. There are about 47 million members in the United States. Other large populations of Baptists also exist in Asia, Africa and Latin America. There are 2.4 million Baptists in India, 2.3 million in Nigeria, 1.9 million in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and 1.5 million in Brazil.

In a poll in the 1990s, about 20% of Americans said they are Baptist.

Many people outside the community see them as Protestant, but some baptists do not. In their view, Baptists have existed separately since early church days. Those holding this view believe that Baptists have never been a part of the Roman Catholic Church, and that Baptists are not "protesting" against Catholicism.

They also point out that Baptists have no connections with the Reformationists like Luther, Calvin, or Zwingli. Other Baptists accept the "Protestant" label as a category for churches who have similar religious views of "sola scriptura, sola fide," the priesthood of all believers and other positions that Luther or Calvin had in contrast to the Roman Catholic Church in the 1500s.

The tag: "denomination", is rejected by some because of the autonomous system used by Baptist churches for control. Being a denomination is viewed by them as having a hierarchy instead of the Roman Catholic Church. Another reason for the rejection of the tag is the influence of the Restoration period on Baptist churches, which tore down denominational barriers. Other Baptists accept the tag. They feel that it does not lie or have any bad meanings. It is just used as a synonym for a Christian or religious group with common beliefs.

The tag: "Evangelical", is rejected by some fundamentalist Baptists who think that the term is not 'fundamentalist' enough. It is also rejected by some liberal Baptists who think that the term is too conservative. It is accepted by moderate Baptists believing in the revival in the United States in the 1700s called the First Great Awakening. Some Evangelicals also reject the tag: fundamentalist, because they think that it is too extreme.

Techno

Techno is a form of electronic dance music that became popular in Frankfurt, Germany during the early 1980s. It was influenced by synthpop, house music, funk, post-disco and futuristic fiction ideas that were important during the end of the Cold War in the United States at that time. Juan Atkins is generally thought to be the founder of Detroit Techno music. Detroit Techno first became successful locally and then became popular around the world in the 1990s.

The word "techno" comes from "technology". Fans of Techno music are careful in their use of the word. They are careful not to confuse it with other types of music that are similar but different (for example house, trance, trap). At the same time, the word "techno" is commonly used when talking about all forms of electronic music and dance music, especially in Europe, the Americas and Australia. Despite the common usage of the term to refer to all electronic dance in general, techno is a specific genre with its own, distinguishable sound. By nature, techno tends to be highly repetitive, instrumentally-oriented music which follows a regular four-on-the-floor beat. The genre places a strong emphasis on rhythm, and techno tends to have a very beat-based sound.


Dog sled

A dog sled is a sled that is pulled by sled dogs and can go over ice and snow. Dog sleds were first made by First Nations people in Canada before the English and French got there, because they had no horses so they used dogs to travel. They were also made by people in Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia because it was also easier to travel with dogs in parts of those countries.

Racing dog sleds is a popular sport which a lot of people enjoy watching or actually going in the sleds to race. It is more popular in places where there is not much horse racing.

Multiset

A multiset (sometimes called a bag) is a concept from mathematics. In many ways, multisets are like sets. Certain items are either elements of that multiset, or they are not. However, multisets are different from sets: The same type of item can be in the multiset more than once. For this reason, mathematicians have defined a relation (function) that tells, how many copies of a certain type of item there are in a certain multiset. They call this "multiplicity". For example, in the multiset { "a", "a", "b", "b", "b", "c" }, the multiplicities of the members "a", "b", and "c" are 2, 3, and 1, respectively. From a set of "n" elements, the number of "r"-element multisets is written as formula_1. This is sometimes called the multiset coefficient.

A multiset is illustrated by means of a histogram.

A multiset can also be considered an unordered tuple:

One of the simplest examples is the multiset of prime factors of a number "n". Here, the underlying set of elements is the set of prime divisors of "n". For example, the number "120" has the prime factorisation
which gives the multiset {2, 2, 2, 3, 5}.

Another is the multiset of solutions of an algebraic equation. A quadratic equation, for example, has two solutions. However, in some cases they are both the same number. Thus the multiset of solutions of the equation could be { 3, 5 }, or it could be { 4, 4 }. In the latter case, it has a solution of multiplicity 2.



Tom Brokaw

Thomas John Brokaw (born February 6, 1940 in Webster, South Dakota) is a popular American television journalist and is the former anchorman (host) of "NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw". His last appearance as anchorman was on December 1, 2004. In the later part of hosting "NBC Nightly News", the program became the most-watched news program in the United States. Brokaw has received many awards and honors.

Brokaw was diagnosed with multiple myeloma in August 2013.

On April 26, 2018, Brokaw was accused of sexual harassment by two women.

Tuple

In mathematics, a tuple is a finite sequence of objects. Sometimes, the finite sequence is also called an "ordered list". This means that the order of the objects matter. In a tuple, the objects are either enclosed within parentheses (such as formula_1), or within angle brackets (such as formula_2). Each of the objects in the list has a certain type. A tuple consisting of "n" entries is called an n-tuple. Tuples are used to describe mathematical objects that are made of certain, well-defined components. They are also used very frequently with databases. 
Tuples are different from sets:

In other words, tuples are like ordered multisets.


Manure

Manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture. Manures improve the fertility of the soil by adding organic matter and lots of nutrients, such as nitrogen that is trapped by bacteria in the soil. Higher organisms then feed on the fungi and bacteria in a chain of life.

The term "manure" was used for inorganic fertilizers in the past, but this usage is now very rare. Manure from birds and bats is called guano.

The word manure came from Middle English "manuren" meaning "to cultivate land," and initially from French "main-oeuvre" = "hand work" alluding to the work which involved manuring land.

There are two classes of manures in soil management: green manures and animal manures. Compost is distinguished from manure in that it is the "decomposed" remnants of organic materials (which may, nevertheless, include manure).

Most animal manure is feces–excrement of plant-eating mammals (herbivores) and plant material (often straw) which has been used as bedding for animals and thus is heavily contaminated with their feces and urine.

Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them under. In so doing, fertility is increased through the nutrients and organic matter that are returned to the soil. 

Manure has been used for centuries as a fertilizer for farming, as it is rich in nitrogen and other nutrients which facilitate the growth of plants. Liquid manure from pig/hog operations is usually knifed (injected) directly into soil to reduce the unpleasant odors. Manure from hogs and cattle is spread on fields using a manure spreader. Due to the relatively lower level of proteins in grasses, which herbivores eat, cattle manure has a milder smell than the dung of carnivores–for example, elephant dung is practically odorless. However, due to the quantity of manure applied to fields, odor can be a problem in some agricultural regions. Poultry droppings are harmful to plants when fresh but after a period of composting are valuable fertilizers.
The dried manure of animals has been used as fuel throughout history. Dried manure (usually known as dung) of cows was, and still is, an important fuel source in countries such as India, while camel dung may be used in treeless regions such as deserts. On the Oregon Trail, pioneering families collected large quantities of "buffalo chips" in lieu of scarce firewood. It has been used for many purposes, in cooking fires and to combat the cold desert nights.

Another use of manure is to make paper. This has been done with dung from elephants where it is a small industry in Africa and Asia, and also horses, llamas, and kangaroos. Other than the llama, these animals are not ruminants and thus tend to pass plant fibres undigested in their dung.



Nutrient

A nutrient is either a chemical element or compound used in an organism's metabolism or physiology. A nutrient is essential to an organism if it cannot be produced by the organism and must be obtained from a food source.

This article deals with nutrition in animals, especially humans. Nutrition in plants, fungi, bacteria and archaea is not discussed here.



These three types of nutrients are often called macronutrients.


The following table gives an idea of what elements are essential for humans:

Periodic table highlighting dietary elements


Histogram

A histogram is a concept from statistics. It is a graphical display that tells us about the distribution of the samples involved. They are commonly a picture made from a table with many categories. The table tells how many samples there are in each category.
The word "histogram" is derived from "histos" and "gramma" in Greek. "Histos" means "web" or "mast". "Gramma" means "drawing", "record" or "writing". A histogram of something is therefore, etymologically speaking, a drawing of the web of this something. 

A histogram is a graphical representation of the distribution of numerical data. It is a type of bar chart that shows the frequency or number of observations within different numerical ranges, called bins. The bins are usually specified as consecutive, non-overlapping intervals of a variable. The histogram provides a visual representation of the distribution of the data, showing the number of observations that fall within each bin. 

The histogram is one of the seven basic tools of quality control, which also include the Pareto chart, check sheet, control chart, cause-and-effect diagram, flowchart, and scatter diagram. 

A population pyramid is two histograms.

A generalization of the histogram is kernel smoothing techniques. This will construct a smooth probability density function from the supplied data.

Green manure

Typically, a green manure crop is grown for a specific period, and then plowed under and incorporated into the soil. Green manures usually perform several functions, that include soil improvement and soil protection:


Historically, the practice of green manuring can be traced back to the fallow cycle of crop rotation, which was used to allow soils to recover.


Organic farming relies on soil health and cycling of nutrients through the soil using natural processes, such as the addition of animal manures. If animal manures are not available, in a stockless rotation, green manures perform a vital function of fertilization.



Normal distribution

The normal distribution is a probability distribution. It is also called Gaussian distribution because it was first discovered by Carl Friedrich Gauss. 

The normal distribution is very important in many fields because many things take this form. It is often called the "bell curve", because the graph of its probability density looks like a bell.


These two parameters are represented by the symbols formula_1 and formula_2, respectively.

The standard normal distribution (also known as the Z distribution) is the normal distribution with a mean of zero and a standard deviation of one (the green curves in the plots to the right). 

Many values follow a normal distribution. Some examples include:

Its origin goes back to the 18th century to De Moivre and in the early 19th century with Gauss.

It is the most widely used piece of statistics by far. It was famously used in World War I by the United States Army to decide when men were so poor mentally that they could not be used by the Army in any job. 



Biomass

Biomass is a basic term in ecology, and in the energy production industry.
Organic waste such as dead plant and animal material, animal dung and kitchen waste can be converted into gaseous fuel called biogas. The organic waste is decomposed by bacteria in biogas digesters to emit biogas which is essentially a mixture of methane and carbon dioxide.

In ecology, biomass means the accumulation of living matter. It is the total living material in a given area or a biological community or group. Biomass is measured by weight, or by dry weight, per given area (per square metre or square kilometer).
In the energy industry, it refers to biological material which can be used as fuel or for industrial production. Biomass includes plant matter grown for use as biofuel, and also includes plant or animal matter used for production of fibres, chemicals or heat. Biomass may also include biodegradable wastes which can be burnt as fuel. It excludes organic material which has been transformed by geological processes into substances such as coal or petroleum. It is usually measured by dry weight.

The term biomass is especially useful for plants, where some internal structures may not always be considered living tissue, such as the wood (secondary xylem) of a tree.

Biofuels include bioethanol, biodiesel, biogas, and firewood.

Biomass is grown from several plants, including switchgrass, hemp, corn, poplar, willow and sugarcane. The particular plant used is usually not very important to the end products, but it does affect the processing of the raw material. 
Though biomass is a renewable fuel, its use can still contribute to global warming. This happens when the natural carbon equilibrium is disturbed; for example by deforestation or urbanization of green sites.

Biomass is part of the carbon cycle. Photosynthesis converts carbon from the atmosphere into plant matter. When the plant rots or burns, the carbon goes back into the atmosphere. This happens somewhat quickly, and plant matter used as a fuel can be constantly replaced by planting for new growth. Therefore, it doesn't much change the amount of atmospheric carbon.

Although fossil fuels come from things that died long ago, they are not considered biomass by the generally accepted definition because they contain carbon that has been 'out' of the carbon cycle for a very long time. Burning fossil fuels in combustion therefore adds much carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.

Other uses of biomass, besides fuel:

Plastics from biomass, like some made to dissolve in seawater, are made the same way as petroleum-based plastics, are actually cheaper to manufacture and meet or exceed most performance standards. But they lack the water resistance of conventional plastics.
The most successful animal, in terms of biomass, is the Antarctic krill, "Euphausia superba", with a biomass of probably over 500 million tons across the world, about twice the total biomass of humans. 
Biomass may also be a measure of the dried organic mass of an ecosystem.

This is a summary of biomass data.



Variance

In probability theory and statistics, the variance is a way to measure how far a set of numbers is spread out.
Variance describes how much a random variable differs from its expected value. The variance is defined as the average of the squares of the differences between the individual (observed) and the expected value. This means that it is always positive. A variance is often represented by the symbol formula_1, if the data is the entire population, and formula_2, if the data is from a sample.

In practice, variance is a measure of how much something changes. For example, temperature has more variance in Moscow than in Hawaii.

The variance is not simply the average difference from the expected value. The standard deviation, which is the square root of the variance and comes closer to the average difference, is also not simply the average difference. Variance and standard deviation are used because it makes the mathematics easier—when adding two random variables together.

In accountancy, a variance refers to the difference between the budget for a cost, and the actual cost.

Karl Pearson, the father of biometry, first used the term variance as follows:""It is here attempted to (show) the biometrical properties of a population of a more general type that has (..) been examined, inheritance in which follows this scheme. It is hoped that in this way it will be possible to make a more exact analysis of the causes of human variability. The great body of available statistics shows us that the deviations of a human measurement from its mean follow very closely the Normal Law of Errors, and that therefore, the variablility may be uniformly measured by the standard deviation, corresponding to the square root of the mean square error.""


Tarzan's Treehouse

Tarzan's Treehouse is a walk-through attraction in Disneyland in Anaheim, California. It was originally called the Swiss Family Treehouse. The treehouse explores the past of the Disney character Tarzan. The tree is fake, but is considered by Disney imagineers a real species or "Disneyodendron eximus" which translates to "out of the ordinary Disney tree". The tree has 1,400 branches and 300,000 polyethlyne leaves. The tree is covered in live Spanish moss.

Adam Małysz

Adam Henryk Małysz (born 3 December 1977 in Wisła, Poland) is a Polish former ski jumper. He has four Olympic medals (3 silver, 1 bronze). His longest jump was 230,5 meters. Since 2011 he is a rally driver.

Salome

Salome or Salomé (Hebrew: שלומית Shlomit) (c AD 14 between 62 and 71), is the name of a character in the New Testament. Her name is not actually given there, but she was an entirely historical person. She was the daughter of Herod Antipas and Herodias. Her name is pronounced with a short 'o', and the 'e' at the end is sounded.

This Salome is not the same Salome who is said to be a witness to the Crucifixion of Jesus in Mark 15:40. 

According to Mark 6:21-29, Salome was the stepdaughter of Herod Antipas, and danced before Herod and her mother Herodias at the occasion of Herod's birthday. The New Testament suggests that Salome caused John the Baptist to be executed because his spoke out that Herod's marriage to Herodias was adulterous. Herodias put her up to the demand that John be executed, something the king was initially reluctant to do. 

The version in Matthew (Chapter 14, verses 311, is perhaps clearer:

Her name is established by being mentioned in the account by Flavius Josephus in Josephus's "Jewish Antiquities" (Book XVIII, Chapter 5, 4). Despite the early date of this account, she was not always called Salome until the nineteenth century, when Gustave Flaubert (following Josephus) referred to her as Salome in his play "Herodias" (1876).

There is a coin with her name on it. This rare coin bears the inscription BACIΛIC ΣΆΛΩΜΉ (Queen Salome). It is the reverse side of her later husband's coinage of Chalcis and Armenia Minor He was Aristobulus of Chalcis.

The story above has been adapted to various forms of art. Innumerable paintings about it exist. There is a play by Oscar Wilde. Operas about it have been composed by Richard Strauss and Jules Massenet. Ballets by Florent Schmit and Flemming Flindt. Various films have also been made between 1918 and 2006. The antagonist character in the bluegrass musical is named Salome. 


Winchester College

Winchester College is a well-known boys' school. It is an example of a British public school. The school is located in the city of Winchester in Hampshire, England. Its official name is Collegium Sanctae Mariae prope Wintoniam (or Collegium Beatae Mariae Wintoniensis prope Winton), or St Mary's College near Winchester. The school is commonly just called "Winchester". Winchester has existed for over six hundred years. It has the longest unbroken history of any school in England. It is the oldest of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868. 37% of students go to Cambridge or Oxford.

Winchester College was founded in 1382 by William of Wykeham, Bishop of Winchester and Chancellor to Richard II. The first seventy students entered the school in 1394. It was founded with New College, Oxford. Winchester was built to get students ready to attend New College. This was the model for Eton College and King's College, Cambridge 50 years later and for Westminster School, Christ Church, Oxford and Trinity College, Cambridge in Tudor times.

The headmaster is currently , formerly of 


Buffy the Vampire Slayer (movie)

Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a 1992 American action/comedy fantasy movie about a cheerleader (Kristy Swanson) chosen by fate to fight and kill vampires. The movie is a light parody. It goes against the clichés of horror movies. The movie led to a darker and much more popular TV series of the same name. The television series starred Sarah Michelle Gellar and was created and produced by screenwriter Joss Whedon. Whedon often said how the television series was more like his vision than the movie. When the movie was first released, it was moderately successful and received mixed reviews from critics.



Fran Rubel Kuzui

Fran Rubel Kuzui is an American movie director and producer. She is best known as the director of the 1992 "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" movie, which was made into the television series of the same name.

Roseanne Barr

Roseanne Cherrie Barr (born November 3, 1952) is an Emmy Award-winning American actress, writer, and comedian. She has also been known as Roseanne Arnold and Roseanne Thomas. For several years in the late 1990s and early 2000s, she was known simply as Roseanne. By 2005, she had resumed referring to herself by her maiden name. She is best known for playing Roseanne Conner on the television series "Roseanne".

The self-titled series was rebooted in 2018 on ABC with record ratings. A second season of the reboot (what would have been season 11) was eventually ordered. However, ABC cancelled the series after Barr posted a tweet mentioning Valerie Jarrett (an aide to President Barack Obama) that was viewed as racist.



On August 4, 2011, on an episode of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno she announced that she would be running for President in 2012. She ran for Green Party, however, she lost to Jill Stein. Then she ran for Peace and Freedom Party and won the nomination. Barr received 61,971 votes in the general election, placing sixth overall. She is running again in 2016 for the same party.



Bi-Lo (Australia)

Bi-Lo was a supermarket with 214 shops all over Australia. It used to have shops in Western Australia called Newmart. It changed the names of all its stores to Coles Supermarkets in 2006 and 2007.

John Weekes started Bi-Lo towards the end of the 1970s in the city of Adelaide in South Australia with three shops. It was called "Bi-Lo" because it sells food and everyday articles at relatively cheap prices.

Bi-Lo stocked the legendary black&gold products that were so true and humble to an Aussie home. 

Sucrose

Sucrose (common name: table sugar, also called saccharose) is a disaccharide (glucose + fructose) with the molecular formula CHO. Its systematic name is α-D-glucopyranosyl-(1→2)-β-D-fructofuranose. It is best known for its role in human nutrition and is formed by plants but not by higher organisms.

Pure sucrose is most often prepared as a fine, white, odorless crystalline powder with a pleasing, sweet taste.


Disaccharide

A disaccharide is a sugar (a carbohydrate) composed of two monosaccharides, such as glucose and fructose that make up the disaccharide sucrose. It is formed when two sugars are joined together and a molecule of water is removed. Due to this, disaccharides cannot hydrolyse, meaning their molecules are unable to be broken down through a reaction with water. For example, milk sugar (lactose) is made from glucose and galactose whereas cane sugar (sucrose) is made from glucose and fructose. 

Maltose and cellobiose are hydrolysis products of the polysaccharides, starch and cellulose, respectively.
Some common Disaccharides are: Maltose, Lactose and Sucrose.

Biological hazard

A biological hazard, or biohazard, is anything coming from living organisms (i.e. pollen, fungi, animals, insects, bacteria and viruses) that could be a threat to someone's health. It is represented by ☣, the biohazard symbol, which is used everywhere in the world. When people see this sign they know to take precautions, and to follow proper conduct for science labs.

There are four biosafety levels made by the Center of Disease Control. These are used in laboratories so only people who have the right skills can enter. Different levels mean scientists must wear different uniforms and take special care when dealing with dangerous things like viruses.

Biosafety Level 1 The viruses handled in BSL-1 are not very dangerous and usually only cause mild sickness. Diseases in BSL-1 include chicken pox and some E-Coli strains. People in BSL-1 have to wash their hands with soap, wear gloves, and put waste materials in specially-marked bins.

Biosafety Level 2 BSL-2 is filled with slightly more hazourdous diseases than BSL-1. They have to take more safety precautions has a result. Hepatitis, influenza, HIV / AIDS, and salmonella are handled here.
Biosafety Level 3 BSL-3 is for diseases that may kill but are less deadly than those in Level 4, SARS and yellow fever. A lot of them are airborne, and the lab must be in an closed off area in case of an incident.

Biosafety Level 4 BSL-4 is for very hazardous diseases that kill many people and are hard to treat. BSL-4 workers must be careful and alert at all times and wear suits with special air filters. A lot of hemorrhagic fevers are dealt with in BSL-4, like Ebola, Marburg, and Lassa Virus.

Petri dish

A petri dish is a small dish shaped like a cylinder. Scientists use it to grow cells from animals, fungus, and diseases so they can study them. They are usually made of glass or plastic. The glass ones can be used again if they are heated at 160°F. Sometimes people fill them with agar, which helps cells grow. These are called 'agar plates'. Many people use them in science classes at school. They have lids so germs in the air can not get into them, or "contaminate" them, and ruin the experiment.

IGA Australia

Independent Grocers of Australia or (IGA) for short, is the largest independent supermarket group in Australia. It is part of the Independent Grocers Association which has shops all over the world. Each "IGA" shop is run by the local shopkeeper unlike big companies such as Woolworths and Coles which runs all of their shops across the country. A company supplies all "IGA" shops around the country and controls the use of the "IGA" name but does not own every one of each shop. The independent shopkeepers and their shops claim to be "Local Heroes". There are over 1000 shops and three sub-brands.

IGA in Australia also has the Black & Gold brand name product range which first came about in 1980, the first such brand name product range to enter the independent food shops that are now called "IGA". Now, it also has a premium brand name range also called "IGA" and a healthy range of products called "IGA Way of Life".

"Metcash Trading Limited" is the company behind "IGA" and supplies the shops. "Davids Holdings", Metcash's old name, brought the "IGA" name to Australia in 1988 with just 10 shops. Now, it has grown from 10 shops to over 1000 shops in less than 20 years.

The stores also have the Community Chest program, where they donate profits to local charities.



City of Chelmsford

Chelmsford is a borough in the county of Essex in the East of England. It has the same name as it main settlement of Chelmsford, the county town of Essex. About 170,000 people live in the borough. It was formed on 1 April 1974.

Communication studies

Communication Studies is a college or university area of study involving the study of communication. Students learn about speech and different types of media.

Belote

Belote is a French 32 card trick-taking game. This game requires four players divided into two teams. There are many kinds of belote : "belote," "belote coinchée," and "belote avec annonce". All of them come from a Dutch game, played since 1600.

The dealer may choose to shuffle the deck. The previous dealer, on the left, must cut the deck. He must deal the all deck in three time (3+2+3).

Once the card are dealt, players start to bet on the number of point. To bet, the player need to tell the trump he wants, and bet at least 10 point higher than the previous player. The first player have to bet at least 80, half of all the point. If a player have King and queen from the trump color, the team get 20 bonus points.
Even though there is only 4 color in the game, there is 6 kind of trump: Clubs ♣ Diamonds ♦ Hearts ♥ Spades ♠ "No trump" "All trumps".
When a player chooses "no trump" or "all trump", he must choose a color. the points of this color will be count as trump, all the other will be count as No trump.

Every kind of belote share some basic rules:

In every belote game points are counted depending on the card and their trump status then:

Trump : J=20, 9=14, A=11 10=10, K=4, Q=3, 8=0, 7=0
Non-trump : A=11, 10=10, K=4, Q=3, J=2, 9=0, 8=0, 7=0

The basic strategy of this game is to count the trump cards. But it is also recommend to count all the other color, the deck is small, only 32 cards.

Betting is the only way to communicate with a team mate, that is why even if a hand is weak, betting will help a teammate to bet or play.

A team will have to play a defending strategy if they have less trump than the other team. The only rules with a defensive game is to save every point. One should not expect more than one trick for each colors.

The usual strategy for the attacking team is to try make the opponent lose their trumps, so they will not be able to cut the other trick. Once it is done they may start to think about trying to get the ace or 10 card. There is only one way to get an ace: to cut it. That is why whenever a team mate is about to take the current trick, someone should play the colour in which someone has one less card. To get a ten someone may play an ace at the second trick or cut it.

Monosaccharide

Monosaccharides are the simplest form of carbohydrates. They consist of one sugar and are usually colorless, water-soluble, crystalline solids. Some monosaccharides have a sweet taste. 

Examples of monosaccharides include glucose (dextrose), fructose, galactose, and ribose. Monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides like sucrose (common sugar) and polysaccharides (such as cellulose and starch). Further, each carbon atom that supports a hydroxyl group (except for the first and last) is chiral, giving rise to a number of isomeric forms all with the same chemical formula. For instance, galactose and glucose are both aldohexoses, but they have different chemical and physical properties.

Lactose

Lactose is a disaccharide that is made up of galactose and glucose molecules. Lactose makes up around 2-8% of the solids in milk. The name comes from the Latin word for milk, plus the -ose ending used to name sugars. Lactose is found in some milk products.

Infant mammals are fed on by milk from their mothers. To digest it, an enzyme called lactase cleaves the lactose into its two subunits glucose and galactose for absorption.


Glycogen

Glycogen is a polysaccharide that is the principal storage form of glucose in animal cells. 

Glycogen is found in the form of granules in the cytosol in many cell types, and plays an important role in the glucose cycle. Glycogen forms an energy reserve that can be quickly mobilized to meet a sudden need for glucose, but one that is less compact than the energy reserves of triglycerides. Only the glycogen stored in the liver can be made accessible to other organs. 



Pollutant

Pollutants are compounds which are dangerous to the environment.

They can also be harmful to humans in the long-term range. They come from mineral and fossil sources or are produced by humans themselves.

Many pollutants have a poisonous effect on the body. Carbon monoxide is an example of a substance which is damaging to humans. This compound is taken up in the body instead of oxygen. That makes the body suffocate and in severe cases may lead to death.

Some pollutants became dangerous by reaction with other naturally occurring compounds. The oxides of nitrogen and sulphur are released from impurities in fossil fuels when they are burnt. They react with water vapour in the atmosphere to become acid rain. Acid rain damages buildings and makes lakes unable to support marine life, which causes fish and water plants to die.



Carbon monoxide

Carbon monoxide, with the chemical formula CO, is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas. It consists of one carbon atom covalently bonded to one oxygen atom. It is made when carbon compounds burn and there is not enough oxygen. It is a good fuel and burns in air with a blue flame, making carbon dioxide. It is very toxic, but it is useful for modern technology as well.

The most important use for carbon monoxide in industry is making iron from iron ore. The carbon monoxide takes the oxygen from the iron ore when heated in a large oven called a blast furnace. Liquid metal iron is left behind. The carbon monoxide turns into carbon dioxide.

Carbon monoxide can accidentally form when there is too little air to burn all the fuel into carbon dioxide. Such a situation may happen if the oven shutters are closed too early or if a mobile cooker is used in a small tent with no ventilation (Ventilation is fresh air coming in and smoke going out). Many people have died from carbon monoxide poisoning. Low-level carbon monoxide poisoning can cause feelings of paranoia and hallucinations, and has been determined to be a major cause of "haunted" houses. Higher levels of carbon monoxide can cause flu-like symptoms, headaches, and death. Small amounts of it are found in coal gas, a fuel produced by heating coal without any air.

Despite that it is a poison, carbon monoxide is very useful in chemical industry so lots of ways of making it have been discovered. Normally we burn coke at high temperature with not enough oxygen. Blast furnaces work this way. The chemical equation for this is:

It can be also made by blowing hot steam through red-hot crushed coke

Carbon monoxide can be used as heating fuel because it burns easily into carbon dioxide. It can also be used as so-called "synthesis gas" for making man-made gasoline in the Fischer-Tropsch process.

During the World War II when petrol was rare and reserved for the military, many cars were converted to use "wood gas". It is carbon monoxide made by burning wood chips in insufficient amount of air. The wood gas was made in a special oven called "generator", which was carried on the car. The resulting carbon monoxide was then used as fuel for the car itself. Even today there are cars which use wood gas as fuel.


Schweinfurt

Schweinfurt is a city in Franconia. The population is about 50,000. Larger, nearby cities are Würzburg and Bamberg.

Falco

Falco (born February 19, 1957 in Vienna, Austria as Johann (Hans) Hölzel, and died on February 6, 1998 in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic) was an Austrian pop singer. His breakthrough was "Der Kommissar", which beat top positions in international charts. This song and his first two albums were produced by Robert Ponger.

His song "Rock me Amadeus" has been the one and only German-speaking song reaching no.1 on the US charts. From 1985 to 1988 he produced 3 albums with the Dutch Production Team Bolland & Bolland. "Falco 3" became his most successful record reaching number 3 of the US Longplay Charts. 

In 1985, Falco also had his 3rd No.1 hit "Jeanny" and in 1986 his 4th - "Coming Home (Jeanny Part 2)".

Unsuccessful albums like "Data de Groove" (produced by Ponger again) followed. In 1988 he married Isabella Vitkovic, one year later, in 1989, they separated. Ponger and the Bollands produced all of the albums that were released in his lifetime. To stay tuned Falco recorded many techno songs and worked with different producers for his last album.

His successful album "Out of the dark (into the light)" was released after Falco's death in a road accident.

Gabriel Pascal

Gabriel Pascal (4 June 1894 – 6 July 1954) was a Hungarian movie producer and director.

Gabriel Pascal was born in Transylvania (which is now part of Romania) in 1894. Pascal is best known for having turned some of the best plays by the famous Irish playwright George Bernard Shaw into successful movies. His most famous movie made from one of Shaw's plays was "Pygmalion" in 1938. "Pygmalion" tells the story of a bet that two rich men made over whether one of them, Professor Higgins, could turn a poor uneducated girl into a sophisticated lady. The movie was so successful that after Gabriel Pascal died it was made into a huge Broadway musical called "My Fair Lady", and amazingly this musical was then made into another movie. So "Pygmalion" was first a play, then a movie based on the play, then a play based on the movie, and then a new play based on the movie made from the old play. It is therefore quite a remarkable history and it was Gabriel Pascal's idea to make the play a musical, though he did not live long enough to do it himself.

Gabriel Pascal invented his name and no one seems to know his real one. He claimed to have memories of being rescued by Gypsies from a burning building when he was a tiny child and that the Gypsies taught him to beg, steal, and do acrobatic tricks, but no one knows if this is true. It is unclear what parts of his fabulous account of his childhood are true as there are no formal records of him prior to the age of 17 when he was enlisted in military school in Holics, Hungary, by a mysterious Catholic priest. Gabriel Pascal, who was decidedly unfit for military life, became interested in theater and studied at the Academy of the Hofburg Theater in Vienna. Later his interest expanded into the newly burgeoning cinema and he made movies in Germany and Italy with sporadic success.

Pascal had one son, Peter, conceived in Germany during the delirium of a fever with his landlady's sister Elsie. Unable to care even for himself, Pascal fled to Holland. After WWII ended, at last on his feet with the success of "Pygmalion" and "Major Barbara", Pascal rushed to Germany to search for his son Peter, but he was listed among the missing Hitler Youth. Elsie had been killed by a bomb.

As a young man, Pascal found a job tending horses in Hungary. Leading the horses through the forest to a stream each day, Pascal developed the habit of riding bareback naked through the Hungarian countryside. One day he accidentally rode stark naked through the outdoor set of a silent movie in production and was "discovered." The film's director asked him to repeat the ride for the cameras and he joined the group. Soon he was making his own movies.

Pascal had another auspicious encounter when he was young while walking along the shore of the Mediterranean. An old man, George Bernard Shaw, was swimming naked holding onto a buoy. A conversation ensued and Shaw dared the young Pascal on the shore to take off his clothes and join him in the water. He was impressed when Pascal immediately did so and this began their friendship. Shaw was impressed with Pascal's youthful enthusiasm for art and his bravado and invited him to come visit him one day when he was entirely broke. This chance meeting was to play a major role in Pascal's later career.

Pascal began his producing career making silent movies in Italy for German distribution through UFA Studios in Berlin. His directorial debut was "Populi Morituri" in which he also starred. He later produced horror movies in Germany. His most famous was "Unholy Tales" in 1932. It was an anthology of short spooky stories, including some by Edgar Allan Poe, tied together by the adventures of a black cat and is considered by some to be a forgotten horror classic.

In 1933, during a trip to Hollywood, Pascal was contacted by Princess Norina Matchabelli about a movie project based on the teachings of her guru Meher Baba. Pascal got very caught up in this project, bringing movie writers Hy Kraft and Karl Vollmöller into helping him work up treatments and even making a trip to India to discuss the project further with Meher Baba. By the time Pascal arrived in India, however, Meher Baba did not seem in any hurry to complete the movie, saying it could wait and inviting Pascal to live with him in India. Most ordinary men would have been discouraged, but Pascal took energetically to the austere life of an eastern ascetic, even shedding his western garb for eastern clothing. He took a liking to Meher Baba and maintained a correspondence with him all of his life. Meher Baba nicknamed Pascal "Phoenix" and alternately "Panther." 

Pascal remained in contact with his guru Meher Baba right up to the end of his life and met with him in person one last time in New York in 1952. Even in this final meeting there was mention of the movie that Pascal had agreed to try to make for Baba.

In time, however, Pascal's desire to make his mark on cinema returned and Pascal took a ship back to America penniless but undaunted. He landed in San Francisco where he spent some time deciding what to do next. Then it struck him to approach George Bernard Shaw (the most famous living playwright in the English speaking world at the time), whom Pascal had met auspiciously many years earlier. During that earlier meeting Shaw, who had been impressed with the young Pascal's passion for art and cinema, had told him to pay him a visit when he was entirely penniless. Pascal was now exactly that. He then sought out Shaw, first by going to N.Y. hidden in the toilet of the train, then convincing a sea captain to give him a lift to England.

Somehow he did convince Shaw to give him the rights to his plays, beginning with "Pygmalion" (1938), which was an enormous international hit, both critically and financially. Pascal followed up "Pygmalion" with "Major Barbara" (1941) which he directed as well as produced. "Major Barbara" was filmed in London during the bombing by the Nazis. During air raids the crew and cast had to dodge into bomb shelters. Pascal never stopped the production and the movie was completed on schedule. But Pascal became more and more extravagant, finally losing his credibility with "Caesar and Cleopatra" (1945) which was the most expensive British movie ever made at that time and a terrible financial and critical flop, although it is more highly regarded today. Pascal famously insisted on importing sand from Egypt to achieve the right cinematic colors for this extravaganza. Shaw had become more difficult to work with also. After the success of "Pygmalion", which was shortened in its transition from stage to screen, as plays generally are, he increasingly refused to let his plays be cut. The result was that "Major Barbara" and "Caesar and Cleopatra" were not only filmed virtually complete, but with additional scenes by Shaw himself. Each of the two movies ran over two hours.

Pascal did manage to produce one more movie, "Androcles and the Lion", in 1952. By this time he was increasingly sick with cancer of the liver.

In spring of 1954, in New York City, just before his passing Pascal had planned a trip to India to see Meher Baba one last time. He was having an affair and divorcing his wife at the time. One day he impulsively wrote on a piece of hotel stationery to his mistress, "If I die on my trip to India I leave my entire estate to you." He signed and dated it before two witnesses, a cook and a maid in the hotel who did not speak English but only Chinese. This was an absurd gesture since Pascal was totally in debt. He died within a short time of this letter in July 1954, and within two years of his death the musical "My Fair Lady", which Pascal had managed to retain an option on by borrowing money from a Baba follower named Margaret Scott, opened on Broadway. Thus, soon after his death, his estate, which had been worth nothing on his deathbed, grew to an estimated value of two million dollars. There was a large court battle in which his wife Valerie (who he was not fully divorced from at the time of his death) and the mistress fought over his estate. His odd last will and testament on the hotel stationery was entered as evidence in support of his mistress and the case was well-publicized. Several Meher Baba followers were involved in his life at the end including Harold Rudd who testified at his trial. The result of the trial was an even split of Pascal's royalties from "My Fair Lady" between the mistress and Pascal's estranged wife, each receiving well over one million dollars in settlement. His wife Valerie attempted to pay back the borrowed option money to Margaret Scott, but by the time the settlement came through Mrs. Scott had fallen from a New York apartment window to her death. Valerie therefore paid the money to Margaret's daughter instead.

Pascal is best remembered as one of the big Hungarian movie producers, like the famous Alexander Korda. He was the only producer ever to have major movie deals with seven separate countries on three continents: Hungary, Italy, Germany, China, India, England, and the US. He was also the only man to ever convince George Bernard Shaw to adjust his scripts to the new medium of cinema, gaining concessions from Shaw that no other man could. Pascal even invented the famous line for Pygmalion, later appearing in the theatrical and movie versions of "My Fair Lady," "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" and Shaw, by now publicly referring to Pascal as a "genius," wrote the line into the script. He was one of the most extravagant men of his time, named in 1938 as one of the world's most famous men by "Time" magazine along with Adolf Hitler. He is less known for his deep interest in the spiritual and his boundless enthusiasm for art as a direct and honest route to God. He is even less known for his lifelong devotion to spiritual master Meher Baba. His life is well documented in the beautifully written biography by his wife Valerie, "The Disciple and His Devil," published by McGraw-Hill in 1970 and republished by iUniverse in 1984. After Pascal's death, Valerie married the famous publisher and philanthropist George T. Delacorte Jr. and spent the rest of her life supporting charitable foundations under the name Valerie Delacorte.


McLaren

McLaren Racing Limited is a Formula 1 racing team. McLaren was started by Bruce McLaren in 1963. McLaren's current drivers are Oscar Piastri and Lando Norris.

McLaren also makes road cars at its Woking factory.

Haylie Duff

Haylie Katherine Duff (born February 19, 1985) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her supporting role on the television series "7th Heaven". She is the sister of Hilary Duff.

Duff was born in Houston, Texas. Her mother, Susan Duff, is a producer. Robert Erhard Duff, Haylie's father, lives at the family home in Houston. Haylie is two and a half years older than her sister.

Hilary Duff is her younger sister. 

Duff wrote or co-wrote several songs on two of her sister Hilary's albums, "Metamorphosis" (2003), "Hilary Duff" (2004) and the song, "Gypsy Woman", on Hilary's 4th album, "Dignity". She has also done many songs for different soundtracks with her sister. 






20th Century Studios

20th Century Studios, Inc. (formerly known from 1914 to 1931 as Fox Film, 1933 to 1935 as 20th Century Pictures 1935 to 1985 and 1985 to 2020 (and informally) as 20th Century Fox or Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation or Twentieth Century Fox or 20th Century Fox Film Corporation) is a large American company that makes movies ("motion picture studio"). It is in the Century City area of Los Angeles, California, USA, just west of Beverly Hills.
Before 2013, 20th Century Fox was a subsidiary of News Corporation before it was split into two companies. After that, one of those companies, 21st Century Fox, became the studio's owner. On December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company of Fox Corporation said that it has acquired many of 21st Century Fox's subsidiaries, including 20th Century Fox. Thus, the studio is now owned by Disney and Fox became 20th Century Studios.(Fo

20th Century Studios was formed in 1935 when Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures joined together to form the company. 20th Television is a Fox Corporation part of the company that makes television series.

In 1935, Twentieth Century Pictures, Inc. and Fox Film Corporation merged together to form "Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation" (the hyphen between "Century" and "Fox" was dropped in 1985), or simply "20th Century Fox". During the Golden Age of Hollywood it was one of the "Big Five" studios (the other were MGM, Paramount Pictures, RKO Radio Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures). 

From 2013 to 2019, it was a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox Inc., which was a company formed when News Corporation split up into two companies. As of July 2018, their two most financially successful movies are "Avatar", released in 2009, and "Titanic" (under international rights), released in 1997. Both movies were directed by James Cameron. Fox's most highly acclaimed movie, according to review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes (jointly owned by Universal and Warner Bros.), is "All About Eve", released in 1950 and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. 

In December 2017, Disney announced its plans to buy most of 21st Century Fox's assets, which included a bidding war with Comcast; the acquisition process was completed on March 20, 2019, with the last pre-Disney release from the studio being "Alita: Battle Angel", released on February 14, 2019. The remaining assets Disney didn't acquire, notably the Fox network and Fox News, were spun-off into a new company called Fox Corporation. 

On January 17, 2020, Disney announced that it would be dropping the word "Fox" from the company name, presumably to avoid confusion with Fox Corporation, renaming it to "Twentieth Century Studios," along with Searchlight Pictures. However, the studio was still legally incorporated and traded as Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation until December 4, 2020. As of December 4, 2020, the company has been using 20th Century Studios, Inc. as copyright for 20th Century Studios and Searchlight Pictures, while the company has been using 20th Television, Inc and 20th Century Fox in Australia under Gerard Bevan Group CEO and VP. for the copyright of 20th Television productions as a Disney subsidiary.



Marquette, Michigan

Marquette is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. Close to 20,000 people live there. Marquette is in the Upper Peninsula, on Lake Superior and is an important port on that lake. Much of the iron ore that was taken from mines in the Upper Peninsula was loaded onto ships in Marquette. Marquette is in the United States of America.


John Taverner

John Taverner (born about 1490 – died 18 October, 1545) was the most important English composer of his time. He was also an organist.

We cannot be sure exactly when Taverner was born. Some people think that he was a boy chorister at the church of Tattershall in Lincolnshire but his name does not appear on the list of choristers there. People now think that he worked there later as a lay clerk.

He got a job at Cardinal College (now called Christ Church) in Oxford but he could not stay very long because King Henry VIII made lots of changes to the way people had to worship in church. Taverner even hid some books which the king had forbidden under the floor, and he got into trouble for doing this. In the end the Cardinal did not punish him because, he said, he was “only a musician”.

In 1530 he seems to have gone back to Lincolnshire and stayed there for the rest of his life. He probably wrote no more music, but he was quite rich.

Taverner composed eight masses. The most famous one is called the "Western Wynde". It was a “parody mass”, which meant that it used a popular tune with that title. Another mass was called "Gloria tibi trinitas". This work set a fashion for pieces which were called "In Nomine"s, because the tune was from the Benedictus in the mass which sets the words “in nomine domine” (“in the name of the Father”). “In nomine”s were compositions for instruments which used this tune.

Taverner also wrote magnificats and motets.

John Tavener

Sir John Tavener (28 January 1944 – 12 November 2013) was an English composer.
John Tavener was born in Wembley, Middlesex. He went to Highgate School in North London. Another pupil there at the time was John Rutter. At school he studied piano, organ and composition and wrote music for the school orchestra. He also wrote music for the Presbyterian church where his family went and where his father was organist. In 1962 he went to the Royal College of Music where he studied the piano at first but then changed to composition. One of his early successes was a cantata called "Cain and Abel" which was performed by the London Bach Society. It was the performance of "The Whale" by the London Sinfonietta in 1968 that made him really famous. This work used collage, pre-recorded tape, amplified percussion and a chorus who used loudhailers. This kind of thing was very fashionable in the 1960s.

Another work written in 1968 was "In Alium". It was performed at the Proms. It was an unusual concert: three works by living composers were played in the first half. The audience were asked to vote for which one they wanted to hear again after the interval. They chose "In Alium".

The Beatles became interested in Tavener’s music. John Lennon heard The Whale and he decided to issue Tavener’s music on the newly formed Apple label.

Tavener became professor of composition at Trinity College. He continued to compose, although he often had difficulty finishing pieces. He was often worried that he might not be able to think of any new music. In 1977 he became a member of the Russian Orthodox Church. This changed his life. His music was very religious. He married his second wife and had two children. He was also very ill with heart trouble and even died on the operating table in hospital, but he brought back to life by the doctors.

He made a very important friend, Mother Thekla. She was an 80-year-old nun in the Orthodox Church, and she gave John a lot of advice and encouragement in his life.

A short piece for choir, "The Lamb" was written as a birthday present for his 3 year old nephew. It is very often sung by choirs at Christmas as a carol.

In 1989, his work "The Protecting Veil" was performed at the Proms. It was a work for cello and orchestra. The cellist was Steven Isserlis. This piece is one of the best known modern works for cello. He continued to write a lot of music. His "Song for Athene" was performed at the funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales in 1998. It was heard on television all over the world.

Tavener was knighted in 2000.
Tavener died on 12 November 2013 at his home in Child Okeford, Dorset from unknown causes, aged 69. Tavener suffered many health issues. He suffered two heart attack and had surgery to remove an intestinal tumor.


Escape speed

Escape speed is the initial speed that something would need to completely escape the gravity of a large body, like a star or a planet (such as the Earth), by mere inertia.

If a ball is thrown upwards while standing on the ground, the ball will reach a certain height (the faster thrown - the higher) and fall back down. But imagine if the ball is thrown fast enough that it "never" falls back down, and instead travels into space farther and farther away from the Earth. The minimum speed at which this could happen is called the escape speed.

The escape speed at the surface of the Earth is 11.2 kilometers per second (or 6.96 miles per second), assuming there is no drag.

This is, of course, a very high speed compared to how fast a ball can be thrown. Even a bullet shot into the sky will fall back down, because its initial speed of nearly 1 kilometer per second (or 0.621 miles per second) is far from escape speed.

Spacecraft starting from the surface of Earth has a zero initial speed. But, if it has enough fuel, it may be permanently accelerated by its engine until it reaches escape speed. Then it will travel into space even after the engine is shut off.

Razor

A razor is a tool, with one or more blades, most commonly used by men for shaving the hair from their face, and by women for shaving hair from their legs and underarms. The earliest razors known are from the Bronze Age. They were made of bronze and had an oval shape. There are different kinds of razors today, including straight razors, which are rarely used, and safety razors and electric razors.

A slightly different type of electric razor is used to trim and cut hair from the head, because hair can be cut much more quickly with electric haircutting razors than with scissors.

Before the 20th century, straight razors were widely used. A straight razor consists of a knife blade, which can be reused. Since this blade is usually very sharp, there is a high risk of cutting oneself with the razor while scraping off the hair. Today, such razors are rarely used any more, except by barbers.

In the late 18th century, French engineer Jean-Jacques Perret invented the safety razor. With this system, the skin is protected, from all but the edge of the blade. This makes cutting much harder. The first such razor was released in 1875 by the Campfe Brothers. In 1901, King Camp Gillette invented the first razor with disposable razor blades. The blades were thrown away after several uses. The number of times a disposable blade can be used depends on beard coarseness and shaving technique, but the average is about one week. The company, Gilette still makes such razors today. They sell the razor relatively cheaply, and make big profits on the razor blades.

The electric razor was the next big step. With electric razors, shaving cream, soap or water is no longer needed. Electric razors use electricity to either make blades rotate or oscillate. That is the blades are either moved in circles, or they are moved up and down (or left and right). The razor is usually powered by a rechargeable battery. Prof. Alexandre Horowitz invented the concept of rotating blades which is still marketed as "Philishave" by Philips.

A slightly different type of electric razor is used to trim and cut hair from the head. Haircutting electric razors have comb-like attachments which determine the length of the hair. Electric haircutting razors are widely used by military and prison barbers, because hair can be cut much more quickly with electric haircutting razors than with scissors.

Shaving using any of the shaving methods (straight razor, safety razor, or electric razor) can have side-effects, including cuts, abrasions, and irritated skin. "Razor bumps" can also occur from removing ingrown hairs. To reduce the likelihood of cuts, abrasions, and irritated skin, people can use a fresh razor blade and prepare their faces by washing in hot, soapy water and then applying a shaving cream lather. There is a razor called Bump Fighter that is designed to reduce razor bumps and other side effects, but it uses special cartridges that are more expensive than standard double-edge razor blades.

Mood stabilizer

A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by fast and unstable mood changes. Among the disorders commonly treated are bipolar disorder and Borderline personality disorder. With these conditions, the mood can change rapidly, between mania and depression. Many mood stabilizers can also prevent convulsions.

International Baccalaureate

The International Baccalaureate, or IB, is a well-known advanced school program. It is taught in English, French and Spanish in more than 140 countries.

Students earn an IB Diploma after passing exams and completing the program requirements. They have to take classes in 6 subject areas. This is more than most countries.

The six subject areas are: Language 1 (first language), Language 2 (second language), Math, Science, World Studies, and Electives. History, Literature, Geography, and Economics are all World Studies subjects. Students also have the option of taking a second science class instead of an elective.

Students have to write a 4000-word paper called an Extended Essay, take a philosophy class called Theory of Knowledge, and complete 150 hours of CAS (Creativity, Action, Service).

Students have to do to 3 subjects at Higher Level (HL) and 3 subjects at Standard Level (SL). HL classes are longer and more complex, although SL classes are still somewhat more challenging than regular program classes.

IB is studied in most countries, but some schools study the IB differently.



Wolfgang Schüssel

Wolfgang Schüssel (born June 7, 1945) was the Chancellor of Austria from February 4, 2000 until January 11, 2007. From January 2006 until June 2006 he was the president of the European Union.

Official page about Dr. Schüssel, at the site of the Austrian parliament (in German)

Vaduz

Vaduz (: [] or []; : ]) is the capital of the country of Liechtenstein. It has a population of about 7,500 people. 

Historically, Vaduz was the capital of the County of Vaduz, a state of the Holy Roman Empire. 


Luxembourgish language

Luxembourgish is a West Germanic language. A lot of people in Luxembourg speak the language. It is quite similar to German. Outside Luxembourg, not many people speak it, and inside Luxembourg many people speak other languages, too.

Jean-Pierre Cassel

Jean-Pierre Cassel (real name Jean-Pierre Crochon, October 27,1932 - April 19, 2007) was a French actor. He was the father of Vincent Cassel. He became known because of the roles he had in movies in the 1950s and 1960s. He died of cancer.


Sea cucumber

Sea cucumbers are a class of echinoderms, the Holothuroidea. They have a longish body, and leathery skin. Sea cucumbers live on the floor of the ocean. Most sea cucumbers are scavengers. There are about 1500 species of sea cucumbers. Sea cucumbers have a unique respiratory system, and effective defences against predators. The Chinese people eat them.

Like all echinoderms, sea cucumbers have an endoskeleton just below the skin, calcareous structures that are usually reduced to isolated ossicles joined by connective tissue. These can sometimes be enlarged to flattened plates, forming an armour. In pelagic species the skeleton is absent.

Sea cucumbers communicate with each other by sending hormone signals through the water.

A remarkable feature of these animals is the collagen which forms their body wall. This can be loosened and tightened at will. If the animal wants to squeeze through a small gap, it can undo the collagen connections, and pour into the space. To keep itself safe in these cracks, the sea cucumber hooks up all its collagen fibres to make its body firm again.

The animals have an internal respiratory tree which floats in the internal watery cavity. At the rear, water is pumped in and out of the cloaca, so gaseous exchange takes place with the resiratory tree in the gut.

Some species of coral reef sea cucumbers defend themselves by expelling sticky "cuvierian tubules" to entangle potential predators. These tubules are attached to the respiratory tree in the gut. When startled, these cucumbers may expel the tubules through a tear in the wall of the cloaca. In effect, this squirts sticky threads all over a predator. Replacement tubules grow back in one-and-a-half to five weeks, depending on the species. The release of these tubules can also be accompanied by the discharge of a toxic chemical known as , which has similar properties to soap. This chemical can kill any animal in the vicinity and is one more way in which these sedentary animals can defend themselves. Other cucumbers, lacking this device, can split their intestinal wall, and spew out their gut and respiratory tree. They regenerate them later. Zoologists who experience this believe it to be an impressive deterrent. "The mess one individual can make must be seen to be believed".

The existence of these defences explains why the holothurians were able to do without the strong skeleton of their ancestors.

Highly modified tube feet around the mouth are always present. These are branched and retractile tentacles, much larger than the regular tube feet. Sea cucumbers have between ten and thirty such tentacles, depending on the species. There is a ring of larger ossicles round the mouth and oesophagus to which the muscles of the tube feet are attached. With their sticky tentacles the animal collects detritus and small organisms.

Yochanan Vollach

Yochanan Vollach (), also transliterated Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach, born 14 May 1945) is a former Israeli football player who played at: Hapoel Haifa, Maccabi Haifa, HKFC.
He was a member of the Israeli national team that competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

At 1979 he retired and volunteered as general manager of Maccabi Haifa. Vollach was the Major reason for Maccabi's success.

Vollach has a master's degree in business administration from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and is a retired Major in the IDF.

In recognition of his extensive volunteering to the sporting community as well as business success, he was awarded honorary citizenship by the city of Haifa, in 1993.

Today, Vollach is president of the Maccabi Haifa association and president and CEO of Newlog, a subsidiary of Israeli shipping magnate Zim.

Maccabi Haifa & Hapoel Haifa:

Maccabi Haifa youth team:



Maccabi Haifa

Maccabi Haifa is the biggest sports club in Israel, founded in 1913, and part of the Maccabi association. It runs several sports clubs and teams in Haifa such as football, basketball, weightlifting, swimming, tennis, table tennis, volleyball, team handball, water polo, ice hockey, artistic gymnastics, chess, boxing, fencing and others. Maccabi Haifa is well known for its green uniforms.

Hapoel Haifa F.C.

Hapoel Haifa F. C. is a professional football (soccer) club in Israel, founded in 1924.


Swalwell, Alberta

Swalwell is a small village in Kneehill County, Alberta, Canada. It is about from Calgary, the largest city in the Province of Alberta.

Swalwell is at . It has a population of 338 people. The postal code in Swalwell is T0M 1Y0.

Polysaccharide

A polysaccharide is a complex carbohydrate. Polysaccharides are polymers made up of many monosaccharides. They are very large, often branched, molecules. They tend to be amorphous, insoluble in water, and have no sweet taste.

When all the constituent monosaccharides are of the same type they are termed "homopolysaccharides"; when more than one type of monosaccharide is present they are termed "heteropolysaccharides".

Examples of polysaccharides include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin.

Starches are insoluble in water. They can be digested by hydrolysis, catalyzed by enzymes called amylases. Humans and other animals have amylases, so they can digest starches. Potato, rice, wheat, and maize are major sources of starch in the human diet.

The structural components of plants are formed primarily from cellulose. Wood is largely cellulose and lignin, while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose. Cellulose is a polymer made with repeated glucose units. Humans and many other animals do not digest cellulose. Certain animals can digest cellulose, because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut. The classic example is the termite.


Alfred Gusenbauer

Alfred Gusenbauer (born February 8, 1960, in St. Pölten, Austria) was the chancellor of Austria from January 2007 to December 2008. His party won the elections of 2008, and he was succeeded as Chancellor the new party leader, Werner Faymann, on 2 December 2008. He was the leader of the political party SPÖ.


Chinchilla

Chinchillas are either of two species ("Chinchilla chinchilla" and "Chinchilla lanigera") of rodents. They are most active at dawn and dusk. They are slightly larger and active than ground squirrels, and are found in the Andes mountains in South America. They live in colonies called "herds" at high elevations of up to . Historically, chinchillas lived in an area that included parts of Bolivia, Peru, Argentina, and Chile, but today, colonies in the wild are known only in Chile. Along with their relatives, viscachas, they make up the family Chinchillidae. 

The chinchilla has the densest fur of all mammals that live on land. The chinchilla is named after the Chincha people of the Andes, who once wore its dense, velvet-like fur. By the end of the 19th century, chinchillas had become rare after being hunted for their soft fur. Most chinchillas currently used by the fur industry for clothing and other accessories are farm-raised. Domestic chinchillas come from "C. lanigera" are sometimes kept as pets.

The two living species of chinchilla are "Chinchilla chinchilla" (formerly known as "Chinchilla brevicaudata") and "Chinchilla lanigera". "C. chinchilla" has a shorter tail, a thicker neck and shoulders, and shorter ears than "C. lanigera". The "C. chinchilla" are currently facing extinction and the "C. lanigera", though rare, can be found in the wild. Domesticated chinchillas are thought to be of the "C. lanigera" species.

Chinchillas lived in the coastal regions, hills, and mountains of Chile, Peru, Argentina and Bolivia. In 1914, there was a decrease in population where scientists believed they were close to extinction. Populations in Chile were thought extinct by 1953, but the animal was found to inhabit an area in the Antofagasta Region in the late 1900s and early 2000s.

In their native habitats, chinchillas live in burrows or holes in rocks. They can jump up to . Their predators in the wild include birds of prey, skunks, felines, snakes and canines. Chinchillas have many defensive movements including spraying urine and releasing fur if bitten. In the wild, chinchillas have been observed eating plant leaves, fruits, seeds, and small insects.

In nature, chinchillas live in social groups that look like colonies, but are properly called herds. Herd sizes can have 14 members up to 100, this is both for social interaction as well as protection from predators. They can breed any time of the year. Their gestation period is 111 days, longer than most rodents. They can have long pregnancies, which is why chinchillas are born fully furred and with eyes open. Litters are usually small in number, usually two.

Both species of chinchilla are currently listed as Endangered by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species because of large population loss roughly at a 90% global population loss over the last 15 years. The population decrease has been caused by chinchilla hunting by humans. Until 1996, they were listed as Indeterminate on the IUCN Red List. In 2006, the subspecies was listed as "Vulnerable" while the short-tailed subspecies was listed as "Critically Endangered". By 2008, both were listed as "Critically Endangered", and in 2016 they were reclassified as "Endangered" due to some recovery in some areas.

Chinchilla fur trade on an international level goes back to the 16th century. Their fur is popular due because of its soft feel, which are mainly used in coats. A single, full-length coat made from chinchilla fur may require as many as 150 pelts, as chinchillas are relatively small. Their use for fur led to the extinction of one species, and put serious pressure on the other two. Though it is illegal to hunt wild chinchillas, they are about to be extinct because of continued poaching. Domesticated chinchillas are still bred for fur.
The domestic chinchilla are related to the "Chinchilla lanigera," the long-tailed Chinchilla, and the more common one in the wild after the other species, "Chinchilla chinchilla", or short-tailed Chinchilla, has been hunted nearly to extinction. Domestic chinchillas have thinner bodies, longer tails and larger ears.

Chinchillas are popular pets, though they need a large amount of exercise and dental care, because their teeth continually growing throughout their life span. Since they cannot sweat, they need a temperature-controlled environment as they can have heat strokes.

The animals instinctively clean their fur by taking dust baths, in which they roll around in special dust made of pumice, a few times a week and they do not bathe in water. Their thick fur protects them from getting fleas, and reduces loose dander.

Chinchillas have been used in research since the 1950s. Since the 1970s, the main interest in chinchillas by researchers is their auditory system. Other research fields in which chinchillas are used as an animal model include the study of Chagas disease, gastrointestinal diseases, pneumonia, and listeriosis, as well as of "Yersinia" and "Pseudomonas" infections.

Solubility

Solubility is the ability of a substance (the solute), to mix into a liquid (the solvent).

It measures the highest amount of substance mixed into a liquid solvent while they are both at equal amounts. 
When the two mix together it is called a saturated solution. Certain substances can mix into any amount of a liquid solvent. An example of this is ethanol in water. This process is better described as "miscible" (the ability to mix with one another). Solubility does not depend on the size, in fact even the large particles will eventually all dissolve.

A solute is a substance that is dissolving in a solvent and is the smaller part of the solution. A solvent is the bigger part of a solution and is the substance that the solute dissolves in.


SpVgg Greuther Fürth

The Spielvereinigung Greuther Fürth is a German football club which plays in the country's top league, the Bundesliga. The club is playing in the Bundesliga for the first time after being promoted from the Second Bundesliga as winners of that league in 2011–12.

Taj Mahal (musician)

Henry St. Claire Fredericks Jr. (born May 17, 1942), better known by his stage name Taj Mahal, is an American blues musician. He has been performing and recording since 1964 and is still popular.

Taj Mahal has received two Grammy Awards (nine nominations) over his career.


On February 8, 2006 Taj Mahal was designated the official Blues Artist of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Floyd Patterson

Floyd Patterson (January 4, 1935 – May 11, 2006) was an American heavyweight boxing champion and Olympic gold medalist. Patterson won the gold medal for boxing in the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, Finland. He was the heavyweight champion of the world from 1956 to 1959 and from 1960 to 1962. Patterson is remembered as the first heavyweight champion to lose the title and get it back within a year.

Patterson's amateur record was 44-4 with 37 knockouts. He began fighting as a middleweight and moved to the light heavyweight division. Patterson's first professional loss was to Joey Maxim in 1954. In January 1956, Patterson married Sandra Hicks. She was his wife until 1969. Their marriage ended because Patterson did not want to quit boxing.

After Rocky Marciano retired, Floyd began aiming at a shot for the vacant heavyweight title. On November 30 1956, Patterson had two very good things happen in his life. His wife gave birth to his first child, and he beat Archie Moore to become the youngest heavyweight champion of the world. That record holds true to this day. He lost the title in 1959 to Ingemar Johanson but he regained it in 1960. In 1962, he lost it again to Sonny Liston. Patterson tried to regain the title two more times from Muhammad Ali in 1965 and 1972. In 1965, he fought for 12 rounds, but on both tries, he failed to win title.

Patterson is also remembered as the first man to win back boxing heavyweight championship. All other champions before him failed.


Clockwise

A clockwise movement is one that moves in a circle "like the clock's hands": from the top to the right, then down, then to the left, and back to the top.

The opposite of clockwise is counterclockwise or anticlockwise. The movement is from the top to the left, then down, then to the right, and finally back up to the top.

Manuel Friedrich

Manuel Friedrich (born September 13, 1979 in Bad Kreuznach) is a German footballer with the position of the Defender. He has played for the team 1.FSV Mainz 05 and at the moment he playes for Bayer Leverkusen. Friedrich has played nine matches for the German national football team since 2006. During that time he has scored one goal.


Bruno Kreisky

Bruno Kreisky (January 22, 1911 – July 29, 1990) served as Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983. He is remembered in Austria as one of the people who helped shape the Austrian State Treaty. This treaty is the foundation of modern-day Austria. It was signed in 1955.

Kreisky was of Jewish descent. He was born and died in Vienna.

Viscacha

Viscachas or vizcachas are rodents. Together with the chinchilla they make up the family "Chinchillidae".

There are two genera and four species of viscacha.




Incisor

Incisors are special kinds of teeth that can be found in some mammals, such as humans. They are the eight large flat teeth with straight edges that are at the front of a person's mouth, in between the canine teeth, which are pointed. The straight edges of the "incisors" are useful for biting because they cut sharply. They come together like a pair of pincers. In a human, the two teeth at the middle of each jaw are called the "central incisors", and the side ones are the "lateral incisors". (lateral means "to the side"). Some humans never grow "lateral incisors" or have very small ones, particularly at the top.

In many mammalian herbivores (plant-eaters) these front teeth are used to cut off stems of grass and other growing things, that are then ground up by the molars at the back of the mouth. Some omnivores (animals that eat both plants and meat), like humans, have incisors like herbivores. In carnivores (meat-eating mammals) like cats, the incisors are often quite small. The canine teeth are long and suitable for grasping and stabbing. Carnivores use their incisors for many jobs that need find control, such as catching fleas, carrying a kitten or peeling the skin off a fish. If a dog or a member of the cat family needs to cut something with their teeth, they use their back teeth like scissors.


Gerbil

Gerbils are a family of rodents. There are about 110 species of gerbils. All gerbils are adapted to arid habitats. At one time, gerbils were known as wild rats. Most gerbils are diurnal, some are crepuscular. The gerbil is native to Central Asia, India, the Middle East, and Africa. The average length of a gerbil is usually between six and twelve inches, this includes the tail which makes up one half of the total length. The gerbil is also a common household pet.

Species of gerbil include:

The Mongolian gerbil is one of around 110 species, but it is the most popular to have for a pet. The Mongolian gerbil was discovered in 1800 but was not studied until 1866. All domestic gerbils come from just a few gerbils from 1930.

A gerbil is smaller than a rat but bigger than a mouse. It depends on the species. From just mice and rats the gerbil has a tail with hair and it ends with a tassel. A gerbil is around 5-6 inches long but with the tail it is around 11-12 inches. There are bigger gerbils too like the Great gerbil who has a 7-8 inches long body and 7-8 inches long tail.


Muridae

Muridae is the largest family of mammals. It contains over 700 species. These species can be found naturally throughout Eurasia, Africa, and Australia. They have been introduced worldwide. The group includes true mice and rats, gerbils, and relatives.

The family name Muridae is sometimes used in a broader sense to include all members of the superfamily Muroidea.

The Murids are classified in four subfamilies, and about 140 genera.



Muroidea

Muroidea is a large superfamily of rodents. It includes hamsters, gerbils, true mice and rats, and many other relatives. They live on almost every continent except Antarctica. Some scientists have placed all members of this group into a single family, Muridae. Sometimes there are difficulties in knowing how the subfamilies are related to one another. 

The muroids are classified in 6 families, 19 subfamilies, around 280 genera and at least 1300 species.


Pierre Boulez

Pierre Boulez (pronounced “Boo-LEZ") (26 March 1925 – 5 January 2016) was one of the most important French composers of modern classical music. He was also a conductor. He was born in Montbrison, Loire. He died in Baden-Baden.

Boulez started his university studies by studying mathematics. He then gave that up and went to the Paris Conservatoire to study music. One of his teachers was Olivier Messiaen. He wrote music in an atonal style, similar to the serial music of Anton Webern. Gradually his music became completely serial, so that everything about the music: the pitches of the notes, the length of the notes, the louds and softs, the accents were all organized in a mathematical way. This is called “total serialism” or “integral serialism”. This kind of music is very strange to listen to.

Boulez belonged to a group of composers who met in the summer at Darmstadt in Germany. This group is often called the “Darmstadt School”. He wrote music which was extremely hard to play e.g. "Structures book 1" for two pianos.

Perhaps his most famous piece is "Le marteau sans maître" ("The hammer without a master"). This piece, finished in 1957, is for a small group of instruments: flute, guitar, vibraphone, xylorimba (a cross between a xylophone and a marimba), percussion and viola and a singer (alto). It has very complicated rhythms and is influenced by jazz, gamelan music, African and Japanese music.

Boulez then tried out new ideas. He wrote works which would sound different at each performance because the players could improvise some ideas. "Pli selon pli" ("Fold upon fold") was a work for orchestra and soprano. It was based on a poem by Stéphane Mallarmé about a swan that could not fly away because it was stuck on the frozen lake. His piece "Eclat" (1965) also uses improvisation. The conductor is free to decide on how certain bits could be played and makes signs to the players to improvise in certain ways that the composers has written down. This kind of composition is sometimes called “Chance music” because it is different each time it is played. The American composer John Cage also experimented with Chance music.

In the 1970s he became interested in electronic music. The French president Georges Pompidou supported the building of a big Arts Centre in Paris. This centre included a large underground set of studios for music. It became known as IRCAM (translated from the French: Institute for Acoustical/Musical Research and Coordination). A lot of composers worked in IRCAM. They used computers, tape recorders etc., to compose music.

Boulez was a world-famous conductor. He conducted many of the world's greatest orchestras. He was the chief conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra from 1971-1975, the New York Philharmonic from 1971 to 1977 and was Conductor Emeritus of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. His concerts usually consisted of music by the great 20th century composers such as Alban Berg, Claude Debussy, Gustav Mahler, Arnold Schoenberg, Igor Stravinsky, Béla Bartók, Anton Webern and Edgard Varèse—as well as lots of new music which he conducted when it had just been written.

Boulez wrote several books and articles on music.

Murinae

The Old World rats and mice (called Murinae) is a subfamily in the family Muridae. It has about 560 species. This subfamily is larger than all mammal families except the Cricetidae. It is also larger than most mammal orders. 

The Murinae are native to Africa, Europe, Asia, and Australia. They are the only terrestrial placental mammals native to Australia. They have also been introduced to all continents except Antarctica. They are serious pest animals. This is particularly true in islands where they have endangered and caused the extinction extinction of many native animals.

The brown rat and the house mouse are both used for medical tests. They are among the animals whose genome has been sequenced.

The murines have a distinctive molar pattern that involves three rows of cusps instead of two, the primitive pattern seen most frequently in muroid rodents.

The first known appearance of the Murinae in the fossil record is about 14 million years ago with the fossil genus "Antemus". "Progonomys" is thought to be the ancestor of "Mus" and relatives, while "Karnimata" is thought to lead to "Rattus" and relatives. All of these fossils are found in the well-preserved and easily dated Siwalik fossil beds of Pakistan.

The genera "Uranomys", "Lophuromys", and "Acomys" were once thought to be murines. Later, it was discovered (by molecular phylogenetics that they were more closely related to gerbils. They have been assigned a new subfamily status, the Deomyinae. 


Castorimorpha

Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers, the pocket gophers, and the kangaroo rats.

Arpeggio

In music, an arpeggio is a group of notes in a chord which are played one after the other, instead of all at the same time. The arpeggio may either go up or go down, but it is more common going up. 

The word "arpeggio" comes from the Italian word "arpeggiare", which means "to play on a harp". This is because harps are very good at playing arpeggiated chords. 

An arpeggio is a type of broken chord, but there are many different kinds.

Learning many musical instruments include playing scales and arpeggios. They are often played as part of music examinations, especially for piano and the string instruments. This is because these skills are useful for playing a lot of music. For example, Bach's Prelude in C () is made of many different arpeggios. Guitarists sometimes play arpeggios instead of strumming, and banjo players do it a lot. 
An "arpeggiated chord" means a chord which is "spread". This means the notes do not start exactly at the same time. This is sometimes called "arpeggiato", and in modern music is called a "rolled chord". An arpeggiated chord is written with a wiggly line going from top to bottom in front of the chord. An arpeggiated chord is spread from the lowest to the highest note. Occasionally composers such as Béla Bartók ask for them to be played from top to bottom. This is shown by adding an arrow pointing down.

NKVD

The NKVD People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs (Russian : НКВД ; Народный Комиссариат Внутренних Дел) as a government department in the Soviet Union operated from 1934 to 1946 . It was the law enforcement agency which did the will of the All Union Communist Party. The NKVD underwent many organizational changes; between 1938 and 1939 alone, the NKVD's structure changed three times. It was lead by Genrikh Yagoda (1891-1938) (Chief from 1934 to 1938) Nikolai Yezhov (1895-1938) (Chief from 1936 to 1938) and Lavrentiy Beria (1899-1953) (Chief from 1938 to 1945). Both Yagoda and Yezhov were executed in 1938 and 1940. Beria was removed from power and executed in 1953.

The public face of the NKVD was the regular police force, which acted in a similar way to other police forces. In addition to its state security and police functions, some of its departments handled other matters, such as transportation, fire guards, border guards (NKVD border troops), etc. These jobs were usually assigned to the Ministry of the Interior (MVD).

However, it is the classified (secret) activities for which it was really feared. This was the work of the Main Directorate for State Security, known as the GUGB. The NKVD also included the Soviet secret police. The GUGB protected the state security of the Soviet Union. This was done by massive political repression, including the use of sanctioned political murders and assassinations, especially in the era of Joseph Stalin, during the Great Purge.

After World War II, and especially after the end of the Soviet Union, there was a flood of books on the deeds of Stalin and the NKVD.

In occupied territories, the NKVD carried out mass arrests, deportations, and executions of traitors, Nazi collaborators, and other dangerous people. Resistance movements included the Polish Armia Krajowa (which was neither pro-nazi or communist), and leftover Ukrainian Nazi units (aiming to remain separate from the Soviet Union).

NKVD officers executed tens of thousands of Polish political prisoners in 1939–1941, including the Katyń massacre. NKVD units were also used to quell the post-Nazi partisan war in the western Ukraine (Mostly in the Lviv region), and the "Forest Brothers" in the Baltics (which lasted until the early 1950s).


Spyglass Entertainment

Spyglass Entertainment is a movie and television production company. Jonathan Glickman is the current President of Production. Internationally, Buena Vista has released most movies made by Spyglass (with exceptions). The first movie released by the company was "Instinct".












Hovercraft

A hovercraft is a vehicle supported and moved by a cushion of air blowing downwards. They are used on water, land, ice and other areas where the surface is smooth. A difference in air pressure between the ship and the atmosphere creates lift, causing the hovercraft to float above the surface it is set on, allowing it to ride on different surfaces. They are often used as ferries and by militaries for amphibious, or on water and on land (like an amphibian can live in water and land) missions. A hovercraft can move cargo, people, and cars.

The English engineer Sir Christopher Cockerell invented the modern hovercraft.

Duccio

Duccio di Buoninsegna ( , ; – ) was one of the most important painters in Italy in the Late Middle Ages. He worked mainly in the city of Siena in Tuscany but one of his largest works was done for a church in Florence. He is most famous for his altarpieces of the Madonna and Child. Duccio painted in the Byzantine style, similar to Greek icons.

The first written record of Duccio is dated 1278, when he was painting in Siena. His paintings, of which only a few remain, are all Holy pictures. Two of them are very large and were painted as altarpieces. Some of them are very small and were for private owners, not for churches.

At that time, many artists painted pictures that were specially for people to look at while they were praying. The pictures are most often of the Madonna and Child. They often have gold backgrounds which glow when they are lit by candlelight. The figures in the paintings do not look very solid or realistic. They look very still, calm and holy. These paintings had been done in the same style for many hundreds of years, in Greece, Constantinople and many other countries where the Greek Orthodox Church was the main church. The style, which was called the Byzantine style, had also spread to Italy where several Orthodox icons (Holy picture), had become famous and were copied by many artists.

Duccio was one of the greatest painters in the Byzantine style in Italy at the time. He had a famous rival who worked in Florence. His name was Cimabue. One of Cimabue's pupils, Giotto, was to become even more famous, and is remembered as having begun the Renaissance style of painting in Florence. Even though Duccio probably saw Giotto's paintings, in which the figures look solid and three-dimensional, like actors on a stage, Duccio was not very influenced by him.

Duccio had several students who also became famous painters of the 1300s. They include Simone Martini and the Lorenzetti brothers, who were also influenced by Giotto.

In 1285 Duccio was asked to go to Florence to paint an altarpiece of the Madonna and Child for the church of Santa Maria Novella which had been rebuilt for the Dominican friars. It was a very large church and for it, Duccio painted the biggest ancient altarpiece of this type that is known. It is called the "Rucellai Madonna" because the Rucellai, who were a very rich family, paid for the decoration of the main chapel of the church, where this altarpiece was hung in the 1600s.

Duccio painted the Madonna sitting on a throne with the Christ Child in her lap, raising his hand in blessing. Around them are six kneeling angels in robes of delicate colours. The robe of the Madonna is very dark blue and looks almost black; it is painted with ground-up semi precious stone called lapis lazuli. The robe of the baby looks quite transparent. Duccio was one of the first painters to try to paint transparent material. One of the important parts of Duccio's design is the gold border of the Madonnna's robe, which seems to wander around the painting in a waving line, and frames the Madonna's face in a way that holds the attention of the viewer.

The "Rucellai Madonna" is no longer in the Church of Santa Maria Novella. In 1948 it was moved to the Ufizzi Gallery where it is shown in the same room as Cimabue's "Trinita Madonna" and Giotto's "Ognisanti Madonna". 

In Duccio's own city there was a large cathedral. In 1308 he was given the job of making an enormous altarpiece of the Madonna on a throne for the cathedral. It was not to be as tall as the "Rucellai Madonna" but was much wider, because it showed two rows of saints and a row of angels on either side of the throne. The four saints the kneel at the front of the picture are those who were particularly remembered in the city of Siena. The altarpiece was to have a very fancy Gothic gold frame with more figures at the top, and small pictures at the bottom, but unfortunately the frame has been destroyed.

Because the painting stood above an altar that was right in the middle of the cathedral, and not against a wall, it was easy for people to walk around to see the back of the altarpiece. So Duccio painted the back as well. The back of the altarpiece had lots of small scenes which tell the life of Jesus. These small scenes, which have gold backgrounds and bright colours in the usual way, are very lively illustrations to the Bible stories.

After three years, the altarpiece was finished. It was carried in a great procession from Duccio's workshop, up the hill to the cathedral which stood on the highest point of the city. It was called the "Maestà" (or "Majesty"). Four other artists were asked to do smaller altarpieces to go in the four chapels that were nearby.

Unfortunately, in the 1700s, people at the cathedral thought that Duccio's altarpiece was old-fashioned. It was taken to pieces, and some of the smaller parts were sold. They can be seen in the National Gallery, London and other places. Luckily most of the pieces were kept together and can now be seen in the Cathedral Museum which is near Siena Cathedral.



Castoridae

Castoridae is a family of rodents. Today, the only genus that has alive species in it is "Castor". It contains modern-day beavers. In addition, about 20 extinct genera of beavers have been put into the family.

IUCN Red List

The IUCN Red List (also IUCN Red List of Threatened Species) is a list of species. The list tells for each species how likely it is to become extinct (or if it is already). This is called its conservation status. This list is put together each year by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

There are exact criteria to see if a certain species is threatened to become extinct. These criteria are the same for all parts of the world. The purpose of the list is to tell people how threatened a certain species is. Politicians can then decide on what needs to be done and the efforts needed to save certain species from becoming extinct.
 Not evaluated:
Not yet compared to the standard scale.

Not enough data.



Redruth

Redruth (Cornish: Resrudh) is a small town in Cornwall. The name of the town means "red ford"; the parish church of Redruth is dedicated to St Uny. The district of Camborne and Redruth was once very important for the mining of tin and copper. Until 1974, Camborne and Redruth were included in the Camborne-Redruth urban district. In 2001 there were 12,352 people living in Redruth. The two towns with the village of Pool have more people than St Austell (Cornwall's largest settlement). In 2004, about 38,500 people were living in Camborne-Redruth.

Integrated Taxonomic Information System

The Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) is an American organization. It works with several federal agencies to unify the information gathered about different taxonomy of biological species. It provides a common database for these agencies to use. ITIS was originally formed in 1996.


Yersinia pestis

Yersinia pestis is a bacillus. It is a bacterium. It has been identified as the infectious agent of bubonic plague. This bacterium also causes other forms of plague- Septicemic plague and pneumonic plague. These three forms of the plague have been responsible for a high death toll in many epidemics throughout human history. These diseases are believed to be the cause of the Black Death. Because of the Black Death, about one third (one of three) people in Europe died. This was between 1347 and 1353.

The bacillus was discovered by the physician Alexandre Yersin during an epidemic of the plague in Hong Kong, in 1894. Yersin worked for the Pasteur Institute at the time.
The name of the organism underwent several changes. It was "Bacterium pestis" until 1900, when it changed to "Bacillus pestis". In 1923, it was renamed as "Pasteurella pestis" after Pasteur. In 1970 it was reclassified as a different genus to Pasteurella and was renamed "Yersinia pestis" after Yersin.

Currently, three varieties of Y. pestis are known.

Historians are currently divided about the role of "Y. pestis" in the Black Death. Some historians said that the Black Death spread far too fast. Therefore, "Y. pestis" could not have caused it. DNA from "Y. pestis" has been found in the teeth of some of the victims of the Black Death. For this reason, "Y. pestis" must have been at least a factor in some (but not necessarily all) European plague epidemics.
These references are probably not in Simple English.

Leptospirosis

Leptospirosis (also known as Weil's disease, canicola fever, canefield fever, nanukayami fever or seven day fever) is a bacterial disease. It is caused by spirochaetes of the genus "Leptospira". This bacterium affects humans and many animals, including mammals, birds, amphibians, and reptiles. It was first described by Adolf Weil in 1886. At the time he reported an "acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen, jaundice and nephritis". The pathogen, "Leptospira"-genus bacteria was isolated in 1907 from a post mortem kidney slice.

Leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans. The infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing fresh water that has been contaminated by animal urine (often from rats) to come in contact with the skin, eyes or with the mucous membranes. 

It usually causes heart failure, kidney failure or liver failure, and most sufferers die if they are not treated urgently. The disease causes little concern, as it is quite rare
Except for tropical areas, Leptospirosis seems to occur most often in the months August to September, in the Northern Hemisphere.

François-Joseph Gossec

François-Joseph Gossec (born Vergnies, 17 January 1734 — 16 February, 1829) was a South Netherlands composer. He was born in what is now Belgium, but worked in France during his long life. People hardly ever hear his music now except for one very popular piece of dance music called Tambourin. He was famous in France in his time and had a lot of influence on French music.

Gossec’s family were small farmers. When Gossec was young he worked as a cowherd (someone who looks after cows). He showed a lot of talent and became a choir-boy in the Cathedral of Notre Dame in Antwerp.

In 1751 he went to Paris. The composer Jean-Philippe Rameau was very impressed by him and got him jobs playing the violin and double bass in his private orchestra. He heard a lot of music by German composers and started to write music of his own. His symphony in D was one of the first works in France to use clarinets which had only just been invented. He composed many operas as well as instrumental works.

In 1762 Gossec became the conductor of a private theatre of the Prince of Condé at Chantilly. A lot of German and Bohemian wind players at that time went to Paris, and Gossec gave them jobs in his orchestra.

Gossec wrote a lot of music for the French Revolution. When the Paris Conservatoire was opened in 1795 he became a teacher of composition there.

Gossec composed lots of different kinds of music. His music for instruments was very successful. He wrote operas which suited the taste of French people at the time, but he did not have a good sense of drama and the words of his operas were uninteresting. He was an important man in the history of music because he organized a lot of musical events in Paris. He was made a "chevalier" of the Legion of Honour. A lot of composers went to his funeral.

Josiah Wedgwood

Josiah Wedgwood (12 July 1730 3 January 1795, born in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent) was an English potter, who became famous for the industrialisation of pottery. He was the grandfather of "both" Charles Darwin and Emma Darwin, Charles' wife.

Wedgwood was the first to use modern marketing: direct mail, money-back guarantees, travelling salesmen, self-service, free delivery, buy one get one free, and illustrated catalogues.

When he was a child, Josiah had smallpox, but he survived (did not die). The smallpox injured his knee, so he could not easily work as a potter. Instead, he worked hard to design pottery. Working as an apprentice, Wedgwood learned many techniques for making pottery. He used his skills to make one of the first pottery factories, Ivy Works, in Burslem, now part of Stoke-on-Trent. Later his right leg was cut off below the knee. There are no pictures of him showing this he was very famous for his pottery.

Wedgwood was very interested in science and technology, and used new ideas to make good quality pottery. He became famous for making pottery for royalty, and became very rich. He spent money on civic works, things that would help businessmen and people in the city, for example canals. He formed a partnership with Thomas Bentley in 1768 which eventually became the business which in 1895 was incorporated as Josiah Wedgwood and Sons Ltd. He became friends with Erasmus Darwin, an important scientist and inventor. In 1780, Wedgwood and Darwin became business partners. Wedgwood's son married Darwin's daughter, who gave birth to Charles Darwin. Wedgwood and Darwin were also members of the 'Lunar Society', a group of important scientists, philosophers and businessmen. 

By 1763, he was receiving orders from the highest levels of the British nobility, including Queen Charlotte. Wedgwood convinced her to let him name the line of pottery she had purchased "Queen's Ware", and trumpeted the royal association in his paperwork and stationery. In 1773, Empress Catherine of Russia ordered the Green Frog Service from Wedgwood; it can still be seen in the Hermitage Museum. An even earlier commission from Catherine was the Husk Service (1770), now on exhibit in Peterhof.

In the latter part of his life, Wedgwood's obsession was to duplicate the Portland Vase, a dark blue and white glass vase from the first century BC. For three years he worked on the project, eventually producing what he considered a satisfactory copy in 1789.

Together with his friends in the Lunar Society, Wedgwood worked for the abolition (ending) of slavery. Wedgwood produced medallions asking for the end of slavery. These medallions became very popular. Wedgwood died in Etruria, Stoke-on-Trent, in 1795. Selling slaves became illegal (against the law) in 1807 in Britain, and having slaves became illegal in 1833.


Tambourin

A tambourin (pronounced the French way) is a piece of music which was popular in France in the 18th century. It is based on a folkdance from the Provence. The music is made to sound like the kind of drum which is called "tambourin" in French. Jean-Philippe Rameau wrote several Tambourins in his operas. Other composers who wrote Tambourins include François-Joseph Gossec and Maurice Duruflé.

Tambourin also means a special kind of drum from the Provence. It has a long, cylindrical shape and is played with one drumstick. It is found in orchestral music such as Georges Bizet's "L'Arlésienne Suite no. 2"

Thomas Wedgwood III

Thomas Wedgwood (1685-1739) was an English potter. He was a member of the Wedgwood family, who were very successful potters. He was the son of Thomas Wedgwood II and Mary Leigh.

Thomas Wedgwood was married to Mary Stringer. Their children were:


Thomas Wedgwood IV

Thomas Wedgwood (1716-1773) was an English potter. He was a member of the Wedgwood family, who were very successful potters. He was the son of Thomas Wedgwood III and Mary Stringer and brother of Josiah Wedgwood.

Thomas Wedgwood was married firstly to Isabell Beech. Their children were:

Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach

Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach (8 March 1714 14 December 1788) was a German musician and composer. He was the second of five sons of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach. He was said to be one of the greatest harpsichord players of his time. He wrote a book called "Essay on the True Art of Playing Keyboard Instruments" (1755), which was used by Mozart, Haydn and Beethoven. 

Bach was born in Weimar on 8 March 1714. His godfather was the composer Georg Philipp Telemann, and he stayed in contact with him throughout his life. He was taught to play music at an early age by his father. His father moved the family to Leipzig in 1723 where he had a position as Kantor at the Thomasschule. After finishing school Bach went to Leipzig University and trained as a lawyer. 

In 1740 he moved to Berlin to become the harpsichord player for Frederick the Great. Frederick played the flute, and it was Bach's job to provide the keyboard accompaniment. This left him with plenty of time to compose music. Bach married Johanna Maria Dannemann in 1744. They had a number of children, but only three lived to be adults. His son, also named Johann Sebastian Bach, became a painter in Rome, but died at the age of 30. Life in Berlin became difficult for Bach during the Seven Years' War. Frederick was often away and so there was little musical activity in the court. He was paid with paper money which did not keep its value, and so he had to be careful with his spending. There was also criticism of his playing style, it was becoming "affected", too modern for the conservative tastes of Frederick's court.

After Telemann died at the end of 1767, Bach was able to replace him as the director of church music for the five churches in Hamburg. His duties included teaching music, and organising about 200 musical performances a year. This position allowed Bach to write church music including 21 settings of the Passion, 70 cantatas, motets and liturgies. He also organised concerts and other performances throughout the year. Bach became ill in the summer of 1788 and died from a chest ailment on 14 December. He was buried in the Church of St. Michael in Hamburg. His grave was forgotten, and only rediscovered in 1925.

Bach wrote nearly 200 keyboard works, mainly sonatas while at Berlin. He was able to develop a network of people around Europe who were able to sell printed copies of his pieces which brought in a considerable income. The king however did not regard him as a composer, even though Bach dedicated some of his compositions to him. Bach wrote in 1773 that many of his compositions were simply written as a business to make money. Bach also helped make his father's music more widely known. he arranged the printing and sales of his music. Bach protected his father's original manuscripts, and it is because of this that some of them, including the St. John Passion and the St. Matthew Passion, have survived. Other manuscripts of Johann Sebastian's were given to Wilhelm Friedemann Bach, who sold them and they are now lost. 

There were other compositions that C. P. E. Bach wrote for himself, to develop his ideas and theories of music. After leaving Berlin and moving to Hamburg in 1768 he began writing music with more emotion, which he described as "Empfindsamer" meaning "sentimental". This was a time of great changes in musical style, from the baroque work of his father, to the classical works of Mozart and Haydn. His music has elements of both, and does not easily fit into the categories that have been created since. Because of this, his music is not played as much in modern times. His father's music has become much more famous, but C. P. E. Bach's music had a greater influence on the composers that came after him.

Most of the keyboard instruments used by Bach (clavichord and fortepiano) were made by Gottfried Silbermann, at that time a well-known builder of keyboard instruments. In the 21st century, people have a chance to hear the instruments used by Bach, because the are being recreated by some modern piano builders.

Bach wrote his book, the "Essay on the True Art of Playing Keyboard Instruments" in 1755 while in Berlin. This book is important for two reasons. It was the first book to teach players to use their thumbs, which is now standard practice. Secondly it was the first to talk about emotion as being an important part of a performer's skills; as important as technical ability. It is still in use today as the reference book on how to correctly play the ornamentation and how to improvise in the late baroque style. Bach wrote his autobiography in 1773. This shows that where his father was mainly influenced by religion, Bach was influenced by ideas from art and philosophy. He had a collection of 400 paintings of people whose ideas and works he admired.

Maria Barbara Bach

Maria Barbara Bach (20 October 1684 – buried 7 July 1720) was the wife of the German composer Johann Sebastian Bach. She was also the mother of the composers Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedemann Bach.

Ligue 1

Ligue 1 is the top league of French football. A.S. Monaco F.C. from the Principality of Monaco, on the south coast of France, is in the league.



Serie A

Serie A is the highest football league in Italy. 

From 1929 to 2004, Serie A has got 16 or 18 teams. The Only Exception was in the years from 1946 to 1952, where in the Serie A there were 20-21 teams.

All the 20 teams play two times against all the other teams from August to May.

The top four teams in the Serie A qualify for the UEFA Champions League (from the 2017–18 season). 

The 5th and the winner of Coppa Italia qualify for the UEFA Europa League tournament.

The 6th or the 7th ranked club, depending if the winner of Coppa Italia is qualified yet, joins the preliminary round of the UEFA Europa Conference League.

The three lowest-placed teams are relegated to Serie B.


Oath

An oath (from Anglo-Saxon "āð") is a promise. An oath is spoken out loud in front of other people who can see and hear what is done and said. They are witnesses to the oath. A person who cannot speak can make a sign that they are "taking an oath". Another way of saying that a person is "taking an oath" is to say that they are "swearing an oath". 

A person can say "I promise that I will do this..." or "I swear that I will do this..." 

When a person swears an oath they often show that the oath is very important to them by calling God to see and remember the promise, and to show that the promise is true, and cannot be taken back later. When a person takes an oath they sometimes raise their right hand, or put their hand on their heart, on the Bible or on another holy book.

Oaths are used in many situations when a person needs to be true to what they say: 

The word "oath" is often used to mean any angry expression which includes religious or other strong language and promises that the person will do something horrible. 


Jeffrey Archer

Jeffrey Howard Archer, Baron Archer of Weston-super-Mare (born 15 April 1940) is a British author and politician. He was a member of Parliament, Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party and since 1992 is a life peer. His political career ended after an indictment for perjury. He is married to Mary Archer, a prominent scientist in solar power.

Jeffrey Howard Archer was born in the City of London Maternity Hospital. When he was two weeks old he and his family moved to the seaside town of Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, where he spent most of his young life. 

At Oxford he was successful in athletics, competing in sprinting and hurdling. He also made a name for himself in raising money for the then little-known charity Oxfam, famously claiming to have obtained the support of The Beatles in a charity fundraising drive (it was actually Pat Davidson of Oxfam). The band accepted the invitation to visit the Senior Common Room of his Brasenose College, where they were photographed with Archer and dons of the college, although they did not play there. It was during this period that he met his future wife, Mary. His parents were John and Mary Archer who gave birth to him in 1940. Jeffery Archer only had one sibling and that was his brother, Thomas Archer who is a renowned politician for the conservative party.

At the age of 29, he was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for a Lincolnshire constituency, holding the seat for the Conservative Party in a by-election on 4 December 1969. 

In Parliament, Archer was on the left of the Conservative Party, rebelling against some of his party's policies. He urged free TV licences for the elderly and was against museum charges. Archer voted against restoring the death penalty saying it was barbaric and obscene. 

Archer had to resign because of a scandal in October 1986 when the Sunday newspaper "The News of the World" led on the story "Tory boss Archer pays vice-girl". The article claimed that Archer had paid Monica Coghlan, a prostitute, £2000 through another person at Waterloo Station to go abroad. Unlike the "Daily Star", the newspaper did not allege that Archer had actually slept with Coghlan. Archer sued the "Daily Star".

Archer had been selected by the Conservative Party as their candidate for the London mayoral election of 2000. He was forced to withdraw from the race when it was revealed that he was facing a charge of perjury.

On 4 February, 2000 Archer was expelled from the Conservative Party for five years. On 26 September, 2000 he was charged with perjury and perverting the course of justice (obstruction of justice) during the 1987 libel trial.

A few months before the beginning of the perjury trial, Archer began performing in the star role in a courtroom play (which he also wrote) called "The Accused". The play was staged at London's Theatre Royal Haymarket and concerns the court trial of an alleged murderer from beginning to end. The play used the innovation of assigning the role of jury in the trial to the audience, with theatre-goers voting on whether Archer's character was innocent or guilty at the end of each night's performance. Archer would attend his real trial during the day and be judged in his fictional trial at the theatre in the evening.

The real life trial began on 30 May, 2001. On 19 July, 2001 Lord Archer was found guilty of perjury. He was sentenced to a total of four years' imprisonment by Mr. Justice Potts. The most ironic aspect of his trial was that he had fabricated the alibi for the wrong date. Archer never spoke during the trial. Ted Francis was found not guilty of perverting the course of justice.

On 21 July, 2003 he was released on licence, after serving half of his sentence, from HMP Hollesley Bay, Suffolk. 

Many of Lord Archer's friends remained loyal to him.



Return to Oz

Return to Oz is a 1985 Disney movie. It is considered to be a sequel of "The Wizard of Oz".


Mordred

Mordred is a character from Arthurian legend. In some of the legends, he betrayed King Arthur and killed him. He is said to be Arthur's son by his half-sister Morgause. Mordred was also said to have been killed by Arthur after he stole Excalibur from him. He was killed while Arthur was fatally wounded. His name comes from old Welsh. He was a knight of the Round Table.

Mordred in one legend was known to be the thief of king Arthur's second sword Clarent, which was known as Arthur's sword of peace. This being the reason why it is not as well known as Excalibur, which was Arthur's sword of war that was used to protect of Camelot. Clarent was a sword that would be present whenever Arthur would make a covenant of peace. The exception to the usually peaceful status of Clarent being the legend in which Mordred stole it and later used it to mortally wound Arthur just before being cut down in turn by Arthur.

List of Miss America winners

Miss America is an American beauty contest. It is an annual competition open to women from the United States between the ages of 18 and 28. Contestants are judged on talent and interviews in addition to their physical attractiveness. It is run by the "Miss America Organization", a non-profit organization based in Linwood, New Jersey. The corporation has developed the "Miss America Scholarship Program", which awards educational scholarships to successful competitors.

The contest began in Atlantic City, New Jersey in 1921. It was an idea of newspaper reporter, Harry Finley, to increase newspaper sales and to promote Atlantic City. The first competition had eight entrants. The entrants were selected by their local city newspapers and their prize was a holiday in Atlantic City, and to take part in the "Intercity Beauty Contest". This was held as part of the second annual Atlantic City Pageant. Margaret Gorman, "Miss Washington D.C.", a school girl from Washington D.C was selected by the Washington Herald. She won the "Inter-City Beauty, Amateur" and "The Most Beautiful Bathing Girl in America" contests. She was given the Golden Mermaid Trophy. Because these were awkward titles, in 1922 Gorman was renamed as "Miss America".


Firewall (networking)

In terms of computer security, a firewall is a piece of software. This software monitors the network traffic between the inside and outside. The firewall is placed between the network that is to be protected (trusted) and the outside network (less trusted) aka WAN or Internet. A firewall has a set of rules which are applied to each packet. The rules decide if a packet can pass, or whether it is discarded. When a large network needs to be protected, the firewall software often runs on a computer that does nothing else. 

A firewall protects one part of the network against unauthorized access.

Data travels on the internet in small pieces; these are called packets. Each packet has certain metadata attached, like where it is coming from, and where it should be sent to. The easiest thing to do is to look at the metadata. Based on rules, certain packets are then dropped or rejected. It is done at the network layer.

In addition to the simple packet filtering (above), this kind of firewall also keeps track of connections. A packet can be the start of a new connection, or it can be part of an existing connection. If it is neither of the two, it is probably useless and can be dropped.

Application-layer firewalls do not just look at the metadata; they also look at the actual data transported. They know how certain protocols work, for example FTP or HTTP. They can then look if the data that is in the packet is valid (for that protocol). If it is not, it can be dropped.

Firewalls can provide a secure connection between two networks. This is called "tunnellng". The data may be encrypted. It is decrypted at the other end. Since the firewalls are doing this, the rest of the network is unaware of it. An alternative is to provide a secure access (to the corporate network).

Very often, firewalls can translate IP addresses. That way, many computers can share a few public IP addresses. The firewall translates between the public and the private IP addresses.

In general, there are two types of firewalls:

Prominent Brands include OPNsense, pfsense, comodo etc.


Prominent Brands include PaloAlto, WiJungle, Checkpoint, Cisco etc.

Firewalls can protect against some problems (viruses and attacks) that come from the internet. They cannot protect against viruses, that come from infected media (like an infected office document on an USB flash drive).

The Cask of Amontillado

"The Cask of Amontillado" (sometimes spelled "The Casque of Amontillado") is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in "Godey's Lady's Book" in November 1846.

The narrator [Montresor] talks to a priest about his sin. Montresor wants to take revenge on Fortunato for an insult.

During a masquerade (ball where people wear masks) in the city. Fortunato is dressed in a jester's costume. Montresor tells Fortunato he has bought a wine called amontillado. He wants Fortunato to test it to be sure it is real. Montresor leads Fortunato into his underground catacombs/wine cellar to test the wine. When there, Montressor chains Fortunato and then walls him up alive in a niche. 

Fortunato cries out "For the love of God, Montresor!" to which Montresor replies, "Yes, for the love of God!" He twice calls out for a reply but hears nothing. Before placing the last stone, he drops a burning torch through the gap, but hears only the jester's bells ringing. 

The crime took place 50 years before... Montressor expresses no regrets except for remarking about Fortunato: In pace requiescat! ("May he rest in peace!").


Osei Bonsu

Osei Bonsu (died January 21, 1824) was the Asantehene (King of the Ashanti). He ruled from 1804 to 1824. He died in Kumasi, and was succeeded by Osei Yaw Akoto.

Uther Pendragon

Uther Pendragon is the father of King Arthur in the Arthurian legend. His name, "Pendragon", means the "Chief-Dragon", which means he is the "foremost leader" or "chief of warriors". He is mentioned briefly in Old Welsh poems, but his biography was first written down by Geoffrey of Monmouth in his "Historia Regum Britanniae" ("History of the Kings of Britain"). Geoffrey's description of him has been used in most later stories. 

According to the stories, Arthur is the son of Uther Prendragon and the Lady Igraine.

Chocolate milk

Chocolate milk, also known as cocoa milk or syruped chocolate milkshake, is a kind of cold, sweetened milk drink. Chocolate milk may be made by mixing cold milk with chocolate syrup or cocoa powder and sugar.

A mixture of hot milk and melted chocolate (or cocoa powder and sugar) is called hot chocolate. A mixture of ice cream, cold milk, and chocolate syrup is called a milkshake.


Chocolate syrup

Chocolate syrup is a thick, sweet, chocolate-flavored liquid. It is made from sugar and cocoa (or chocolate). Chocolate syrup is used to sweeten and flavor hot and cold drinks such as hot chocolate, chocolate milk, chocolate milk shakes, and poured on desserts.

Chocolate syrup is used in many different types of drinks. Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups to coffee drinks. Ice cream parlors add chocolate syrup to milk shakes.

Chocolate syrup is also used in many desserts. Ice cream parlors pour chocolate syrup on bowls of ice cream.

Wetsuit

A wetsuit is a garment used by scuba divers, snorkelers, windsurfers, and surfers to keep themselves warm when they are in cold ocean water. Wetsuits act as insulation invented by Jack O'Neill, and help the body to retain its heat. Wetsuits are made of plastic or rubber materials such as neoprene. Wetsuits include torso coverings, leggings, head coverings, and hand and feet coverings.

When people are doing diving or water sports in areas where the water is not very cold, they may only wear some parts of a wetsuit, such as a torso covering or leggings.

Wet suits are garments that oceangoers wear!
It's very vital when going to the ocean and dive because it serves as a life and system protector.

Deepwater divers often wear full wetsuits that include torso coverings, leggings, head coverings, and hand and feet coverings. In very cold water, a scuba diver may need to wear a dry suit.

Touch rugby

Touch rugby, also named Touch or Touch Football, is a sport which is derived from rugby league. It minimizes body contact so that rugby players practice over the preseason and improve their handling skills without any risk of injuries. It also eliminates body contact to allow inclusion of both genders and people from all ages.

Touch rugby was started in South Sydney in the late 1960s, pursued as a non-contact off season sport and as a fitness program for Rugby League players. The game was introduced in Europe in the 1980s and the first Touch league began in Ireland in 2005.

It is played on fields or pitches of 70 meters long by 50 meters, wide with sidelines, a half-way line and In goal areas.

According to official rules, each team can have up to 14 players, with 6 players per team in the field at one time. Therefore, total 12 players get to play on a field. It is possible to interchange players as many as they want.

By tossing a coin, starting team is decided and an attacking team gets to have six chances to make a score. These chances are called touches.

Players can score by grounding the ball in goal areas. The definition of grounding is holding a ball and letting it touch the ground.

If the attacking team drops a ball, the possession is changed to the other team and the game starts over with rollball by using hands or feet. The definition of rollball is rolling the ball slightly backward by using your hand or feet.

Team which has possession can pass a ball to teammates who is at sideways or backwards. If it is passed forward, it is a penalty and they lose the possession. The game starts over by a tap kick, which is kicking the ball by using your foot.

If a player passes the ball after being touched a penalty occurs for forward pass.

Players must start over with rollball or a penalty at the same mark where a rollball or a penalty were given.

In Touch, tackle from traditional rugby is replaced with touch by using a hand. It allows any part of body to be touched and must use minimum force.

Touch rugby encourages many people to join the rugby world. No matter who you are, how old you are. It is used as a tool to promote rugby to new players such as youth players or girls and women.

Coven

Coven is a word that first meant any type of meeting or gathering. It is used today to mean a group of witches. 

First Geneva Convention

The First Geneva Convention is one of several Geneva Conventions. It is more formally known as the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field, 1864. It covers the treatment of battlefield injuries and was made in 1864 as part of the making of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement.

Second Geneva Convention

The Second Geneva Convention of 1906 is one of the Geneva Conventions. Its full title is Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field. It was made in Geneva, on 6 July 1906. It extended the principles from the First Geneva Convention of 1864 on the treatment of battlefield casualties and hospital ship. The Convention of 1906 should not be confused with "Convention (II) for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea" (Geneva, 12 August 1949).

As of 27 June 2006, when Nauru adopted the convention, it has been ratified by 194 countries.



Disc jockey

disc jockey (also called a DJ or deejay) is a person who plays recorded pop or dance music for dancers or listeners and introduces the names of the songs using a microphone. 

There are several types of DJs. A radio DJ plays music files (like mp3) or recorded CDs on a radio station and announces the names of the songs. A club DJ plays music files or recorded CDs over a PA system (an amplifier and loudspeakers) at a nightclub, rave, or disco. A hip hop DJ uses turntables and vinyl records to do scratching and make music while other hip hop musicians do rapping (rhythmic type of singing). A Reggae DJ plays recordings of rhythm instruments and then rap on top of the prerecorded track with a microphone.
A Electronic Dance Music DJ creates their own music and some can even remix their own songs on the fly.

similar to different types of musicians in other genres like people who play baroque music Vs people who play Jazz or People who like Death Metal vs People who like Screamo, depending on the genre some DJs tend to act quite differently, for example, Dubstep DJs are more rowdy and prefer faster more zappy treble, While House producers are the opposite and prefer slower and more natural melodys and then you also have Psytrance DJs who prefer more techno driven white noise delivered in high beats per minute with whale songs and sound effects.

The term "disc jockey" was ostensibly coined by radio gossip commentator Walter Winchell in 1935, and the phrase first appeared in print in a 1941 "Variety" magazine, used to describe radio personalities who introduced phonograph records on the air. Playing recorded music for dancing and parties rose with the mass marketing of home phonographs in the late 19th century. British radio disc jockey Jimmy Savile hosted his first live dance party in 1943 using a single turntable and a makeshift sound system. Four years later, Savile began using two turntables welded together to form a single DJ console. In 1947, the Whiskey A Go-Go opened in Paris as the first discotheque. In the 1960s, Rudy Bozak began making the first DJ mixers, mixing consoles specialized for DJing.

In the late 1960s to early 1970s Jamaican sound system culture, producer and sound system operator (DJ), (Jamaican) King Tubby and producer Lee "Scratch" Perry were pioneers of the genre known as dub music. They experimented with tape-based composition; emphasized repetitive rhythmic structures (often stripped of their harmonic elements); electronically manipulated spatiality; sonically manipulated pre-recorded musical materials from mass media; and remixed music among other innovative techniques. It is widely known that the Jamaican dancehall culture has had and continues to have a significant impact on the American hip hop culture.

Vintage DJ Station. A DJ mixer is placed between the two turntables.

Pioneer DJ Controller

DJ turntablism has origins in the invention of direct-drive turntables. Early belt-drive turntables were unsuitable for turntablism and mixing, since they had a slow start-up time, and they were prone to wear-and-tear and breakage, as the belt would break from backspinning or scratching. The first direct-drive turntable was invented by engineer at Matsushita (now Panasonic), based in Osaka, Japan. It eliminated belts, and instead employed a motor to directly drive a platter on which a vinyl record rests. In 1969, Matsushita released it as the SP-10, the first direct-drive turntable on the market, and the first in their influential Technics series of turntables.

In 1972, Technics started making their SL-1200 turntable, which became the most popular turntable for DJs due to its high torque direct drive design. The SL-1200 had a rapid start and its durable direct drive enabled DJs to manipulate the platter, as with scratching techniques. Hip hop DJs began using the Technics SL-1200s as musical instruments to manipulate records with turntablism techniques such as scratching and beat juggling rather than merely mixing records. These techniques were developed in the 1970s by DJ Kool Herc, Grand Wizard Theodore, and Afrika Bambaataa, as they experimented with Technics direct-drive decks, finding that the motor would continue to spin at the correct RPM even if the DJ wiggled the record back and forth on the platter. Although Technics stopped producing the SL-1200 in 2010, they remain the most popular DJ turntable due to their high build quality and durability.

In 1980, Japanese company Roland released the TR-808, an analog rhythm/drum machine, which has unique artificial sounds, such as its booming bass and sharp snare, and a metronome-like rhythm. Yellow Magic Orchestra's use of the instrument in 1980 influenced hip hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa, after which the TR-808 would be widely adopted by hip hop DJs, with 808 sounds remaining central to hip hop music ever since. The Roland TB-303, a bass synthesizer released in 1981, had a similar impact on electronic dance music genres such as techno and house music, along with Roland's TR-808 and TR-909 drum machines.

In 1982, the Compact Disc (CD) format was released, popularizing digital audio. In 1998, the first MP3 digital audio player, the Eiger Labs MPMan F10, was introduced. In January of that same year at the BeOS Developer Conference, N2IT demonstrated FinalScratch, the first digital DJ system to allow DJs control of MP3 files through special time-coded vinyl records or CDs. While it would take some time for this novel concept to catch on with the "die-hard Vinyl DJs," this would become the first step in the Digital DJ revolution. Manufacturers joined with computer DJing pioneers to offer professional endorsements, the first being Professor Jam (a.k.a. William P. Rader), who went on to develop the industry's first dedicated computer DJ convention and learning program, the "CPS (Computerized Performance System) DJ Summit", to help spread the word about the advantages of this emerging technology.

In 2001, Pioneer DJ began producing the CDJ-1000 CD player, making the use of digital music recordings with traditional DJ techniques practical for the first time. As the 2000s progressed, laptop computers became more powerful and affordable. DJ software, specialized DJ sound cards, and DJ controllers were developed for DJs to use laptops as a source of music rather than turntables or CDJs. In the 2010s, like laptops before them, tablet computers and smartphones became more powerful & affordable. DJ software was written to run on these more portable devices instead of laptops, although laptops remain the more common type of computer for DJing.

Padniewko

Padniewko is a village in Poland in Kuyavia-Pomerania voivodship. It has about 400 inhabitants and 4.95 km.

Sierra Nevada (US)

The Sierra Nevada (Spanish for "Snowy Range") is a mountain range that is almost entirely in the eastern part of California. 

The range started to uplift less than five million years ago.

The Sierra Nevada stretches 400 miles (650 km), from North to South. It is bounded on the West by California's Central Valley, and on the East by the Great Basin.

Uplift continues, and ground slips make spectacular fault escarpments along the eastern edge of the southern Sierra. The Sierra Nevada is part of the American Cordillera, an almost continuous chain of mountain ranges which make up the western "backbone" of the Americas.

The Sierra Nevada has played an important role in the history of California and the United States. The California Gold Rush occurred in the western foothills from 1848 through 1855.


Flurbereinigung

Flurbereinigung (pronounce: FLOOER-be-rye-nee-gung) is a word used in Germany to refer to the rearranging of fields in agriculture. During the second half of the 20th century, Flurbereinigung led to major changes in the landscape in the German countryside. 

Many German farmers used to have several small fields which were not together but were in different places, some of them maybe two or three miles away from where they lived. This was particularly a problem in the area to the left of the Rhine which had been ruled by Napoleon, because in the 19th century, when a farmer and his wife had died, their land was shared between all their children, so it got divided into smaller pieces. In other parts of Germany only the eldest son inherited the land. 

Since the 1960s, people understood that it would be much easier for a farmer to have all his fields together so that he did not have to keep making journeys between lots of small fields. Larger fields are easier to manage and more economical. The German government encouraged farmers to swap some of their fields among themselves so that each farmer had his land all in one place.

In the last few years the government have realized that the way the changes have been made are not always good. Nature often suffers when hedgerows are taken away to make fields bigger. Flurbereinigung today tries to keep some of the hedgerows and small groups of trees which sometimes stand in the middle of fields. They are good places for birds to nest and other animals like to live there, too.

Winegrowers do not always find it a good thing to have all their land together. This is because the soil in one field may be slightly different from the soil in a field just farther up the road, and this gives the wine a slightly different taste. Also, if all their land is on one hillside and a storm hits that hillside and ruins the crops, then they have lost everything. If they have several pieces of land in different places they are less likely to lose all their crops because of one disaster.

Live 8

Live 8 was a rock concert organized by activist Bob Geldof. The concert took place in nine places at once on July 2, 2005. Like Bob's Live Aid concert, Live 8 was made for helping out African citizens who were not getting enough food and medicine. However, this concert was not for charity. Instead, it was held to make people aware of the famine in Africa. Bob wanted to make the political group named the G8 give more to Africa. The concerts featured singers like Paul McCartney, Juan Diego Flórez and U2.

In November 2005, the concerts were released on DVD. The money used to buy the DVD sets was also used to help Africans.

Rigveda

Rigveda is an ancient Indian religious book. It is counted as one of the four sacred Hindu writings, which are called Vedas. It is the world's oldest religious writings. It is also one of the oldest writings in Sanskrit language. Rigveda is very important to Hindus, especially Hindus in India and Nepal. Its words are said during prayers and religious gatherings. It is dated up to 3700 years ago.

Rig Veda mainly contains various hymns for praying to Vedic Gods such as Agni (Fire God), Indra (The lord of Heavens), Mitra, Varuna (Water God), Surya (Sun God) etc. These hymns are called Riks. Hence the Veda is called Rik-Veda or RigVeda. This writing consists of 10 writings. The Rigveda has 1,028 hymns and 10,600 verses.


Ecozone

An ecozone or biogeographic realm is the largest scale biogeographic division of the earth's surface.

These divisions are based on the historic and evolutionary distribution of plants and animals. Ecozones represent large areas of the earth's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time, and are separated from one another by geologic features, such as oceans, broad deserts, or high mountain ranges, that formed barriers to plant and animal migration. Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology.

Ecozones are characterized by the evolutionary history of the plants and animals they contain. As such, they are distinct from biomes, also known as major habitat types, which are divisions of the earth's surface based on "life form", or the adaptation of plants and animals to climatic, soil, and other conditions. Biomes are characterized by similar climax vegetation, regardless of the evolutionary lineage of the specific plants and animals. Each ecozone may include a number of different biomes. A tropical forest in Central America, for example, may be similar to one in New Guinea in its vegetation type, but these forests are inhabited by plants and animals with very different evolutionary histories.

The patterns of plant and animal distribution in the world's ecozones was shaped by the process of plate tectonics, which has redistributed the world's land masses over geological history.

The term ecozone, as used here, is a fairly recent development, and other terms, including kingdom, realm, and region, are used by other authorities with the same meaning. J. Schultz uses the term "ecozone" to refer his classification system of biomes.

In 1975 Miklos Udvardy proposed a system of 203 biogeographical provinces, which were grouped into eight biogeographical realms (Afrotropical, Antarctic, Australian, Indomalayan, Nearctic, Neotropical, Oceanian, and Palaearctic). Udvardy's goal was to create an integrated ecological land classification system that could be used for conservation purposes.

The WWF ecozones are based largely on the biogeographic realms of Pielou (1979) and Udvardy (1975). A team of biologists convened by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) developed a system of eight biogeographic realms (ecozones) as part of their delineation of the world's over 800 terrestrial ecoregions.

The WWF scheme is broadly similar to Udvardy's system, the chief difference being the delineation of the Australasian ecozone relative to the Antarctic, Oceanic, and Indomalayan ecozones. In the WWF system, The Australasia ecozone includes Australia, Tasmania, the islands of Wallacea, New Guinea, the East Melanesian islands, New Caledonia, and New Zealand. Udvardy's Australian realm includes only Australia and Tasmania; he places Wallacea in the Indomalayan Realm, New Guinea, New Caledonia, and East Melanesia in the Oceanian Realm, and New Zealand in the Antarctic Realm.


Amorphous solid

An amorphous solid does not have a definite geometric or crystalline shape. It is a solid in which there is no long-term order in the positions of the atoms. Most classes of solid materials can be found or prepared in an amorphous form. For instance, common window glass is an amorphous ceramic, many polymers are amorphous, and even foods such as cotton candy and cotton are amorphous solids.

An amorphous solid is any noncrystalline solid in which the atoms and molecules are not organized in a definite lattice pattern. Such solids include glass, plastic, and gel.

Solids and liquids are both forms of condensed matter; both are composed of atoms in close proximity to each other. But their properties are, of course, enormously different. While a solid material has both a well-defined volume and a well-defined shape, a liquid has a well-defined volume but a shape that depends on the shape of the container. Stated differently, a solid exhibits resistance to shear stress while a liquid does not. Externally applied forces can twist or bend or distort a solid’s shape, but (provided the forces have not exceeded the solid’s elastic limit) it “springs back” to its original shape when the forces are removed. A liquid flows under the action of an external force; it does not hold its shape. These macroscopic characteristics constitute the essential distinctions: a liquid flows, lacks a definite shape (though its volume is definite), and cannot withstand a shear stress; a solid does not flow, has a definite shape, and exhibits elastic stiffness against shear stress.



Climate commitment studies

Climate commitment describes the fact that climate reacts slowly to factors ("climate forcings") such as greenhouse gases. Climate commitment studies attempt to measure the amount of future warming that is "committed" under the assumption of some constant level of forcings.

Plane

Plane or planes may refer to:



Slipknot

Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa. Slipknot has nine members in the band. The current band members are Sid Wilson, Jim Root, Shawn Crahan, Mick Thomson, Corey Taylor, Alessandro, Zac Baird and Jay Weinberg. The first bassist from Slipknot, Paul Gray, died from an accidental drug overdose in 2010. Also, Joey Jordison was forced to leave the band in 2013. He died on July 26, 2021. All of the band members wear masks. Percussionist Chris Fehn also left the band due to suing bandmates Shawn Crahan and Corey Taylor for keeping money from him. The band has sold almost 15 million records worldwide.

In September 1995 a band was formed called The Pale Ones. The band had Shawn Crahan on drums, Paul Gray on bass, Anders Colsefini on vocals and Donnie Steele on guitar. Later Joey Jordison joined and became drummer, Crahan became a Percussionist. The band also hired guitarist Josh Brainard and moved Colsefini to percussion and vocals. The band performed their first concert on December 4, 1995, then they were called Meld. Joey Jordison suggested naming the band Slipknot, after a song they had made. The band started wearing masks because Shawn Crahan wore a clown mask and to get better into the music.
In February Steele left the band because of religious beliefs. Craig Jones was hired as a replacement. Jones later became their full-time sampler. They hired Mick Thomson as a replacement guitarist. On October 31, 1996, Slipknot released their first demo Mate.Feed.Kill.Repeat.

The band realized that their new songs needed more vocal melody, so they hired Corey Taylor. Colsefini became just a percussionist. At a show Colsefini announced that he was leaving the band. He was replaced by Greg Welts but he was fired from the band because he was lazy. Chris Fehn was hired as percussionist. In 1997 the band gave themselves numbers and wore coveralls while performing.

In 1998 DJ Sid Wilson joined after impressing the band. In 1999 Brainard decided to leave the band for personal reasons. Jim Root was his replacement. This left the band with the line-up they kept until 2010.

They became better known after giving some labels a five-song demo. They signed to Roadrunner records in summer 1998. They released their first album, named after the band (self titled) one year after signing to Roadrunner. The album had two singles (songs released separately from the album, but is still on the album). They went on tour and played at the Ozzfest. This made their fan base bigger. In early 2000, the album was certified platinum (selling 1,000,000 copies).

Their fans were waiting impatiently for a second release ("Iowa"), and recording started early 2001 in California. Band members argued over how long to go on live shows and recording times. Even so, they went ahead and released the album, and toured for it. The album had three singles, one of them appearing in a movie ("Resident Evil"). They sold all the seats in large arenas due to the large fan base. In 2002, the band took a break, and some members remade or started new bands and projects.

With delays of recording another album ("Vol. 3: The Subliminal Verses"), the band went back to California for recording. When early 2004 came around, the album was finished and touring began. The album was released in May. The album had six singles. From the tour, the band created a live album (an album made up of live versions of songs). Some band members were in the Roadrunner United: The All-Stars Sessions, a mix album of artists signed to Roadrunner. In 2006 the band won their only Grammy Award for their song "Before I Forget." The band took another break, with various members going to other projects and bands.

The fourth album ("All Hope is Gone") was started in late 2007, but recording began in early 2008. The album was done in early summer 2008. The album had five singles. 2009 was 10 years since the release of their first album, so the first album was re-released as a special version. The tour for "All Hope is Gone" ended on Halloween night, 2009, and ended a third break for the band. Members went back to other projects and bands with singer Corey Taylor creating the band Junk Beer Kidnap Band. On May 24, 2010, bass player Paul Gray died. Investigation showed a drug overdose killed him. Band members hesitated, or to have another thought about, speaking about the future of the band. Drummer Joey Jordison said another record was 'kinda already in the making.' Corey Taylor, however, said that he didn't know whether or not to continue with Slipknot.

Former member Donnie Steele will do Paul Gray's part while the band is playing live shows. Taylor told NME that he wants to continue, as it is what Paul would want. The band will complete and release a fifth album, but Taylor doesn't see recording soon. Jordison said that the band will go on without Taylor if he is to leave the band.

In 2013 Joey Jordison left the band. The band made and brought out a new album in 2014 called ".5: The Gray Chapter". Donnie Steele played the bass on some songs on the album, but did not want to fully rejoin, so a new bass player and drummer were brought in to replace Steele and Jordison. The band would not say at first who the new members were, though their names were soon discovered to be Alessandro Venturella (bass player) and Jay Weinberg (drummer). In 2019, Percussionist Chris Fehn had left the band, filing a lawsuit against the band over issues surrounding pay and compensation. He was replaced in tours by who was known only as the "Tortilla Man". He would later officially join the band in 2021, with him being revealed as Michael Pfaff. On June 7th, 2023, Slipknot, on their social media pages, had announced that Craig Jones, the keyboardist and sampler, has "parted ways with Slipknot" with seemingly no information as to why he had left. The post was removed a few hours later. On that very day, they released a post on Instagram that seems to have revealed his replacement, who at the time, is unknown.

Alessandro venturella 





Among the main influences of the band can be named to Black Sabbath, Pantera, Metallica, Slayer, Sepultura, Iron Maiden, Carcass, Judas Priest, Korn, AC/DC, Kiss, Beastie Boys and Mushroomhead. Thrash metal has been mentioned several times as a great influence to define them, together with nu metal. Slipknot uses three types of guitars (main, rhythm and bass), two percussionists in addition to drums, and electronics (samplers and turntables). The band's sound has been described as "a threshing machine devouring a military drum corps."

In their early work, the vocals vary widely, from clean singing, to raps, to screaming. Their most recent works include more melodic vocals, and raps have left. The words are almost always very aggressive, characterized by darkness, nihilism, anger, hatred, love, misanthropy and psychosis. Rick Anderson of Allmusic said the lyrics to Slipknot are "not generally quotable on a family website."

Paul Gray said about their style: "The only word I hate is 'nu metal,' we have death metal, thrash metal, grindcore, is a bit of everything, you know?"


Archie Moore

Archie Moore (December 13, 1916 – December 9, 1998) was an American boxer. He held the light heavyweight championship between 1952 and 1961. Moore won the title from Joey Maxim by unanimous decision in November 1952. He later lost the belt because he did not defend the title enough times. Moore also fought for the heavyweight championship twice. He lost to Rocky Marciano on September 22, 1955, and to Floyd Patterson on November 30, 1956, in both of those attempts. One of his last fights was with Cassius Clay, later known as Muhammad Ali. Afterwards, Moore trained Ali for a few short months.

Joe Frazier

Joseph William Frazier (January 12, 1944 – November 7, 2011) was an American boxer. He held the world heavyweight championship from 1968 to 1973. Frazier also won a gold medal in boxing at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Frazier was born in Beaufort, South Carolina. He moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He learned to box in Philadelphia.

Frazier won the vacant world heavyweight title by beating Buster Mathis. He lost the title to George Foreman whom had knocked out Frazier in a 3 punch combo, breaking his eye socket, jaw, and collar bone. Frazier's most famous fights were rematches with Muhammad Ali. He beat Ali in their first fight in 1971 but lost the other two. The third fight was known as the "Thrilla in Manila".

Frazier died in Philadelphia on November 7, 2011 from liver cancer, aged 67.


Hodgkin lymphoma

Hodgkin lymphoma, also known as Hodgkin's disease, is a type of lymphoma. It was first discovered by Thomas Hodgkin in 1832. It is one of many kinds of cancers of the lymphatic system. Most of the time, the cancer grows in a lymph node before it spreads to the rest of the body. 

The symptoms of Hodgkin's lymphoma change as the disease progresses. At the first stage of the disease, the person may feel a lump on the affected lymph node that does not hurt when touched. The person may have fevers, sweat at night, and itchy skin. In the later stages of the disease, the person may feel very tired and their spleen may grow larger. 

Marvelous Marvin Hagler

Marvelous Marvin Hagler (born Marvin Nathaniel Hagler; May 23, 1954 – March 13, 2021) was an American professional boxer and film actor who competed in boxing from 1973 to 1987. He reigned as undisputed middleweight champion from 1980 to 1987. He was the world middleweight champion from 1980 to 1987. Hagler fought out of Brockton, Massachusetts. He won the championship from Alan Minter, in London, and successfully defended it eleven times before losing in a controversial fight with Sugar Ray Leonard. Hagler retired after that fight to live and work in Italy.

On March 13, 2021, Hagler's wife Kay announced that Hagler had died unexpectedly at his home in Bartlett, New Hampshire, at the age of 66. A wave of reports came out on Twitter, with thousands of people mourning the loss of Hagler.


Sierra Nevada (Spain)

The Sierra Nevada, meaning "snowy range" in Spanish, is a mountain range in the region of Andalusia in Spain. It contains the highest point of continental Spain, Mulhacén at 3,479 m.

It is a popular tourist destination, as its high peaks make skiing possible in Europe's most southern ski resort after Ski Centre on the island of Crete in an area along the Mediterranean Sea predominantly known for its warm temperatures and abundant sunshine. At its foothills is found the city of Granada and, a little farther, Málaga and Almería.



Airline

An airline is a company that transports people and items using airliners. An airline may have as few as one airplane or a fleet of hundreds of airplanes.

Most airlines offer regular flights between a group of airports.

An airline has many costs to establish and maintain air services: labor, fuel, airplanes, engines, spares and parts, IT services and networks, airport equipment, airport handling services, booking commissions, advertising, catering, training, aviation insurance and other costs.



Wax

Wax is an organic chemical substance. It is a type of lipid. 
Waxes have the following properties:
Some waxes, like beeswax, vegetable wax, and paraffin (a petroleum wax) occur naturally. Another such wax is earwax, which occurs in the ear. Other waxes may be manufactured. People use waxes for various purposes:


Polyethylene terephtalate

Polyethylene terephthalate (aka PET, PETE or the obsolete PETP or PET-P) is a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family. The chemical industry makes it. It is used in synthetic fibers; beverage, food and other liquid containers; thermoforming applications; and engineering resins often in combination with glass fiber. It is one of the most important raw materials used in man-made fibers. It is also used as the dielectric in multi-purpose capacitors (K73-16 series).

Depending on its processing and thermal history, it may exist both as an amorphous (transparent) and as a semi-crystalline (opaque and white) material. Its monomer can be synthesized by the esterification reaction between terephthalic acid and ethylene glycol with water as a byproduct or the transesterification reaction between ethylene glycol and dimethyl terephthalate with methanol as a byproduct. Polymerization is through a polycondensation reaction of the monomers (done immediately after esterification/transesterification) with ethylene glycol as the byproduct (the ethylene glycol is recycled in production).

The majority of the world's PET production is for man-made fibers (in excess of 60%) with bottle-making accounting for around 30% of global demand. In discussing cloth uses, PET is generally referred to as simply "polyester" while "PET" is used most often to refer to packaging applications.

Nuclear energy

Nuclear energy may refer to:

Card Sharks

Card Sharks is a game show that has aired in different versions since 1978.

Two contestants fought against each other in the main game—the returning champion and a challenging contestant. The returning champion was represented by the color red. The challenger was represented by the color blue. The host, Jim Perry, then asked a toss-up question, which was asked to 100 people before the show (example: "We surveyed 100 lawyers: Have you ever defended a person who you believed was guilty? How many lawyers said they have?"). The contestant he asked it to would provide what they thought the number of people who gave the answer the host gave. The other contestant would then say whether they thought the actual number was higher or lower than the first contestant's guess. Whoever is closer to the number got a chance at the cards.

There were two rows of five cards: the top red row (for the champion) and the bottom blue row (for the challenger). The contestant in control had to predict whether each card was higher or lower than the card before it.

There were two games. Whoever won both games would go on to play the Money Cards.

The winning contestant would then play the Money Cards to win more money. He/she was given $200 to start out with. They then had to predict whether each card was higher or lower than the one before it, just like before. This time, they had to bet money on each guess (example: $200 higher than a 2). The contestant worked their way across the bottom row, in which there were four cards, and then made it to the second row and were given $200 more. The least a person could bet on each card for the first two rows was $50. They then worked their way across that row, until they reached the top row, where there was only one card. That row was called the "Big Bet" row. There, the contestant had to bet at least half of what they won before.

"Card Sharks" aired on NBC from 1978 to 1981 and was hosted by Jim Perry. It returned on CBS and in syndication in 1986. The CBS version was hosted by Bob Eubanks and ran until 1989. The syndicated version was hosted by comedian Bill Rafferty, but ran until 1987.

In 2001, "Card Sharks" came back, hosted by Pat Bullard. However, this version had different rules than the other ones. In this one, two teams of two contestants (two at a time) had to guess higher or lower (or predict if the next card had exactly the same number as the previous one) on one row of seven cards. This version was not very popular and was cancelled after 13 weeks. Many "Card Sharks" fans say this version is the worst game show revival of all time.

"Card Sharks" returned to television in 2019 as an hour-long series hosted by Joel McHale, airing on ABC. The gameplay is similar to the 1978-81 and 1986-89 versions.

Family Feud

Family Feud is an American television game show that has aired since 1976.

There are two families, each with five family members on their team. They have to guess the answers to a survey question asked to 100 people to win points for their team. The answers are seen on a huge survey board. Several survey questions are asked by host Steve Harvey. The point values are doubled at the third question, and they are tripled for the fourth question. If a Sudden Death question is needed, only the #1 answer will be on the board. Whoever reaches 300 points or more will win the game and go on to play the bonus round, Fast Money.

Two members of the winning family are asked five questions, one member at a time. One member stays on stage and is asked the questions while the other member is off-stage. After the answers are given (or if the time limit, either 15 seconds or 20 seconds, is up), the answers and their point values are revealed. After that, the other member is asked the same five questions, with a time limit of either 20 or 25 seconds. If they give the same answer to a question that the first member gave, a double-buzz will be heard, and the host will say, "Try again," after which another answer is given. Afterwards, the answers and their point values are revealed. If both contestants get 200 or more points, they win the grand prize.

From 1992 to 1995, a new round was introduced, called the "Bullseye" round from 1992 to 1994 and the "Bankroll" round from 1994 to 1995.

In the Bullseye round, each family member on each team went to the faceoff podium to try to get the #1 answer to a survey question. Each time they got it right, they won a dollar amount for their team's "bank." Each question was worth different dollar amounts, anywhere from $500 to $5,000. Whatever they won in this round was what they would play for in Fast Money.

In the Bankroll round, only one family member from each team went to the podium. Only three questions were asked this time; they played in all three questions.

The Bullseye round returned for John O'Hurley's last season in 2009. John O'Hurley did it the same way Ray Combs did. It was just like the old Bullseye round used from 1992 to 1994. However, it was thrown out again in 2010.

"Family Feud" aired on ABC from 1976 to 1985. A syndicated version aired from 1977 to 1985. Both were hosted by actor Richard Dawson, who became famous for kissing all of the female contestants.

In 1988, "Family Feud" returned on CBS and in syndication with a new host, comedian Ray Combs. In 1992, the CBS version was expanded to an hour and included the Bullseye round. It was given a new name: "The Family Feud Challenge". The syndicated version also got the Bullseye round in the Fall of that year and was named "The New Family Feud". In 1993, "The Family Feud Challenge" was cancelled. In 1994, Ray Combs was fired and Richard Dawson was brought back to host the syndicated version. He only lasted one year, until 1995.

In 1999, the new version came on in syndication, with comedian Louie Anderson as host. Many people did not like him, and in 2002, he was replaced by Richard Karn. In 2006, Richard Karn left the show and John O'Hurley took his place, and in 2010 John O'Hurley left and Steve Harvey took his place. The show is still on the air today.

Bank of America Stadium

The Bank of America Stadium is a sports stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was built in 1996 for the Carolina Panthers. It used to be called Ericsson Stadium until it was renamed in 2004. The stadium seats 74,867 people.


Aston Martin

Aston Martin Lagonda Limited is a luxury car company that was started in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford.

The company name is derived from the Aston Clinton hill climb and one of the company's founders, Lionel Martin.

The company went in and out of business a few times between World War I and World War II. Lionel Martin left the company in 1926. The company was sold from one person to another many times until 1947, when David Brown bought it. David Brown also bought Lagonda, and used Lagonda engines in his cars. Aston Martin cars built when David Brown owned the company had the letters "DB" in the name. An Aston Martin won the 24-hour race at Le Mans in 1959.

David Brown sold the company again. The company was having trouble staying open in the 1970s. Victor Gauntlett bought part of the company and kept it going with help from buyers of other parts of the company. In 1991 the Ford Motor Company bought Aston Martin and started making DB cars again. Ford owned Aston Martin until 2007 when they sold it to Investment Dar and Adeem Investments.

Sydney Opera House

The Sydney Opera House is an opera house and iconic building on the shores of Sydney Harbour, in Sydney, Australia. It is shaped like the sails of a boat. Many concerts and events take place there, with 2000 performances a year presented by Opera Australia, Australia's national opera company. It is a famous tourist attraction.

The land where the Sydney Opera House stands is called Bennelong Point. Bennelong Point was once home to Fort Macquarie (the fort was built in 1817 and knocked down in 1901). On 10 August 1902, the Fort Macquarie Tram Depot was opened at Bennelong Point. The depot was knocked down in 1958. The Sydney Opera House was built on the same spot and the work began in 1959.

It was designed by Danish architect Jørn Utzon. He won a design competition in 1957. Utzon left the project in February 1966 because the government was not paying his invoices. The building finally opened on 20 October in 1973. The project was completed ten years later and cost more than fourteen times the original budget. In 2001, Utzon was invited back to restore the building and change it back towards his original designs.


Sydney Harbour Bridge

The Sydney Harbour Bridge, in Sydney Harbour, is a bridge that joins north Sydney with south Sydney. People can cross the bridge by car, walking or by train. It now carries eight traffic lanes. Using six intended traffic lanes and an additional two that used to be tram tracks. 

There are two railway lanes that head in opposite directions. There is a tunnel that goes underneath. The bridge is an important tourist attraction. The scenery attracts many tourists and people living in or near the city. One of the many attractions of the Harbour Bridge is its famous 'BridgeClimb'. Luna Park Sydney is located next to the bridge.

The bridge is long and wide. The highest point of the arch is tall. Building began on 19 March 1923 and ended in 1932. John Bradfield led the bridge's building. 

The standards of industrial safety during construction were poor by today's standards. Sixteen workers died during construction, but surprisingly only two were from falling off the bridge. Several more were injured from unsafe working practices undertaken whilst heating and inserting its rivets, and the deafness experienced by many of the workers in later years was blamed on the project. 

Henri Mallard between 1930 and 1932 produced hundreds of stills and film footage which reveal at close quarters of the bravery of the workers in tough Great Depression era conditions.

The total financial cost of the bridge was AU£6.25 million, which was not paid off in full until 1988.

Sydney Cricket Ground

The Sydney Cricket Ground is a sports field in Sydney. Many professional sporting events take place there. These sports include cricket, rugby, and the Australian Football League.

Darling Harbour

Darling Harbour is a harbour in Sydney, Australia. It has many shops and places to eat, and people like visiting it. It also has the Sydney Aquarium.

Bondi Beach

Bondi Beach is a beach in Sydney, Australia, about one kilometre long and roughly seven kilometres from the centre of the city.
Bondi beach is one of the world's greatest beaches, and is one of Sydney's main tourist attractions.

Large numbers of tourists visit Bondi Beach throughout the year, and many Irish and British tourists spend Christmas Day there.

The word "Bondi" is an aboriginal (native) word which means "water breaking over rocks" or "noise of water breaking over rocks".

In 1809, a road builder William Roberts received a grant of land in the Bondi area. In 1851 Edward Smith Hall and Francis O'Brien bought of Bondi and named it the "Bondi Estate." Hall was O'Brien's father-in-law. In between 1855 and 1877 O'Brien bought his father-in-laws share of the land and named it the "O'Brien Estate". He made the beach and surrounding land available to the public as a picnic ground and amusement resort. As the beach became more popular, O'Brien wanted to stop public access. The Government believed that the Municipal council needed to step in. On the 9th June 1882, Bondi Beach became a public beach.

Many people visit Bondi Beach throughout the year, ranging from 4000 people to 9000 people. Bondi Beach has an underwater shark net that they share with other beaches along the southern coast. In 2004, Surf Lifesaving Australia gave different hazard ratings to each end of the beach. The northern end was rated a gentle 4 with 10 as the most hazardous, while the southern end was rated a dangerous 7 due to the famous rip current known as the "Backpackers Rip". The south end is generally reserved for surf board riding. Bondi Beach was added to the Australia National Heritage list in 2008.

Pods of whales and dolphins are sometimes sighted. Fairy penguins while rare are sometimes also seen.

Bondi Surf Bathers' Life Saving Club was the world's first livesaving club. North Bondi Surf Livesaving Club is a federation club. Both clubs were founded in 1907. Both clubs were involved in the biggest rescue ever on one day known as 'Black Sunday'.


Stadium Australia

Stadium Australia, known for sponsorship reasons as Accor Stadium, formerly ANZ Stadium & Telstra Stadium, is a sports stadium in Sydney, Australia. The 2000 Summer Olympics took place there. Now it is used for many other sports, like rugby and Aussie Rules. The stadium opened in March 1999.

In 2002, the stadium was named after the sponsor Telstra. 1 January 2008 it was renamed the ANZ Stadium. In 2021 it was renamed again to Accor Stadium following a sponsorship deal with Accor the largest hotel chain in Australia. Accor operate hotels adjacent to the stadium under the brands Pullman, Novotel, Ibis & Ibis Budget all located within the Olympic Park prescient. As part of the deal, a number of upgrades were completed including a new large screen running the length of one side of the stadium 

As "Stadium Australia", the name was sometimes confused with the Sydney Football Stadium, which was formerly known as Aussie Stadium.

Sydney Aquarium

The Sydney Aquarium is a public aquarium in Darling Harbour, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It has many fish, sharks and seals. There is also a seal show. The aquarium was opened in 1988.

Nigga

Nigga is a term derived from the racial slur "nigger". It is generally used by African-Americans (especially young adults and teenagers), because other ethnic groups using it is considered offensive by most. The common use for this word is for a good friend. It can also be defined as a substitute for "nigger" in a less serious tone.

Germans

Germans () are the people of Germany. There are two main groups of people who are called Germans. They are citizens of Germany and ethnic Germans. They are also called German people.

The term Germans is used to describe a person who is a citizen of the county. This is true no matter what their ethnicity. As long as they meet the requirements of German laws to be a citizen of Germany, they are Germans.

Descendants (children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren) of Germans in other countries are often called "ethnic Germans". There are many ethnic Germans in Belgium, Denmark, Russia, Poland and France. There are also many of them living in the United States Brazil and Canada. There are about 100 million Germans in the world. Most Germans speak the German language ("Hochdeutsch" is Standard German) and dialects such as Low German and Upper German. Most people in Switzerland and Austria are native speakers of the German language.

Employment Non-Discrimination Act

The Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) is a proposed U.S. law in the U.S. Congress. If voted into law, it would stop an employer from firing an employee because he or she is gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender. The law would not apply to churches and other religious organizations. It is also known as H.R. 2015. It was introduced on April 24, 2007.

The first proposed law to protect gay workers was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 1974, but none were voted into law. In 1996, the proposed law failed in the Senate by one vote. This is the first time a law has included "gender identity" in addition to "sexual orientation".

Currently, California, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Hawaii, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, Washington and Wisconsin have state laws that prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and/or gender identity.

This is intended to address cases where gay, lesbian, bisexual and/or transgender ("GLBT") employees have been discriminated against by their employer because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. These employees are not currently protected by the U.S. federal courts.

Opponents of the law often argue that sexual orientation and gender identity are a choice, unlike other protected factors such as gender, race and religion, and thus should not be equally protected. They also often argue that homosexuality is "unnatural" or "immoral". They also often present religious arguments against the law.

Previous bills have not included transgender people. The new bill would protect transgender people, and its inclusion has been debated in the GLBT community. In August 2004, the Human Rights Campaign – an important LGBT organization in favor of the bill – said it will only support the bill if it includes transgender people.

In 1999, the [ngltf.org National Gay and Lesbian Task Force] was the first gay civil rights group to stop work on ENDA because it did not include transgender people. The group has worked to build approval in the community to support a bill that includes transgender people. It participated in redrafting the current "trans-inclusive" bill.


]

Cthulhu

Cthulhu is a fictional deity created by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. Cthulhu is a powerful monster from another planet. It (Cthulhu is neither male nor female) is very ancient compared to humans, being around since the dinosaurs. It has the alien appearance of a large green dragon with the head of an octopus and human-like hands. There are said to be many people who worship it as their deity because of their powers over the mind.

Cthulhu is one of the Great Old Ones, a group of powerful beings from another place that now inhabit Earth, waiting to rise up (when the stars are right) and destroy the human race so they can rule the planet. The Old Ones are neither good nor evil, meaning that they do not hate humans, they just do not care about them. They think of humans as if they could be ants. Also, their appearance is so unlike anything of this world, that it is said that any human who so much as gazes upon one of them will go insane.

In one of Lovecraft's stories, "The Call of Cthulhu", he said that Cthulhu currently lies in a dreamlike state in the underwater sunken city of R'lyeh (rill-ee-yeh), waiting for the time when the Old Ones shall rise again. In the story, R'lyeh is located in the southern Pacific Ocean.

Diabetes insipidus

Diabetes insipidus is a medical condition caused when vasopressin does not appear in a person's blood. Vasopressin is released from the brain, and travels in the blood to the kidneys. There, it pulls water out of the urine, which reduces the amount of urine stored in the bladder.

If there is no vasopressin in the blood, the kidneys leave the water in the urine, and the bladder holds more liquid. This means a person needs to urinate more often. It also causes thirst. Increased thirst and urination are symptoms of regular diabetes (diabetes mellitus). That's why diabetes insipidus shares the name "diabetes."


Caecilian

The Caecilians are an order (Gymnophiona or Apoda) of amphibians. Most of them look like either earthworms or snakes. They burrow in the ground. For this reason, they are the least explored order of amphibians.

Caecilians have no limbs. For this reason, the smaller species look like worms, while the larger species with lengths up to 1.5 m look similar to snakes. The tail is short and the cloaca is near the end of the body. Their skin is smooth and usually dark in colour. Some species have colorful skins, though. Inside the skin are calcite scales. Due to their underground life the eyes are small. Skin often covers them, to protect them. This has led to the idea that they are blind, which is not the case. Because of the skin cover, their "seeing" is limited to simple dark-light perception. They can tell the difference between dark and light. All Caecilians have two tentacles at their head. The tentacles are probably used for a second smelling capability in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose.

Most Caecilians have lungs, except for two lungless species. Those that have lungs also use the skin or the mouth to get oxygen. Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one. This is an adaptation to the shape of the body, which is also be found in snakes.

They are mostly distributed in the tropics of South and Central America, Africa, and South Asia. The diet of caecilians is not well known. They live in the moist, lower habitats. In South America they can be found well into the temperate north of Argentina. They can be seen as far south as Buenos Aires, when they are carried by the flood waters of the Paraná River coming from farther north. No studies have been made in central Africa, but it is likely that caecilians are found in the tropical rainforests there. The northernmost distribution is of the species "Ichthyophis sikkimensis" of Northern India. In Africa caecilians are found from Guinea Bissau ("Geotrypetes") to Northern Zambia ("Scolecomorphus"). In South-East Asia the Wallace Line is not crossed, and they are not found in Australia or the islands in between. "Ichthyophis" is also found in South China and North-Vietnam.

Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination. The male Caecilians have a penis-like organ, the phallodeum, which is inserted into the cloaca of the female for 2 to 3 hours. About 25% of the species are oviparous (egg-laying); the rest are ovoviviparous, with eggs hatching inside the mother. The eggs are guarded by the female. For some species the young caecilians are already metamorphosed when they hatch, other hatch as larvae. The larvae are not fully aquatic, but spend the daytime in the soil near the water.

In ovoviviparous species the foetus is fed inside the female with special cells of the oviduct, which are eaten by the foetus with special scraping teeth. Some larvae, such as those of "Typhlonectes", are born with enormous external gills which are shed almost immediately. The egg laying species "Boulengerula taitanus" feeds its young by developing a special outer layer of skin, which the young peel off with similar teeth. "Ichthyophis" is oviparous and is known to show maternal care.

The diet of caecilians is not known well, though it seems it mostly consists of insects and invertebrates found in the habitat of the respecitive species. The stomach content of 14 specimens of "Afrocaecilia taitana" consisted of mostly organic material and plant remains. Where identifiable remains were most abundant, they were found to be termite heads. Caecilians in captivity can be easily fed with earthworms, and worms are also common in the habitat of many caecilian species.

The name "Caecilian" derives from the Latin word "caecus" = blind, referring to the small or sometimes non-existing eyes. The name dates back to the taxonomic name of the first species described by Carolus Linnaeus, which he gave the name "Caecilia tentaculata". The taxonomic name of the order derives from the Greek words γυμνος ("gymnos", naked) and οφις ("ophis", snake), as the caecilians were originally thought to be related to snakes.

Taxonomically the caecilians are divided into ten families. The species numbers are approximate and many of these species are identified on the basis of only one specimen. It is likely that not all species have been described yet, and that some of the species described below as different may be combined into one species in future reclassifications.

The recent discovery of a tenth family in north-east India has been announced.

A Swiss researcher Daniel Hofer has recently found that certain caecilians produce potent skin poisons from specialized poison glands. The poison prevents predation and the poison of the bright yellow caecilian of São Tomé Island ("Schistometopum thomense") in West Africa kills other animals kept in the same tank within a few days. The chemical contents of caecilian poison have not been well studied. Werner Himstedt has shown that the skin glands of "Ichthyophis" protects the eggs from germs and fungi. It has also been shown that these poisons are very different from those from other amphibians such as the arrow poison frogs.

In 2020, scientists from the University of Utah said some caecilians have venom glands in their mouths that come out near their teeth. They did not see any muscles to push the venom out the way snakes have. The scientists said they thought the caecilian would have to hold on to its prey for a long time and thrash its body around to get the venom out.

The hatchlings of the oviparous East African "Boulengerula taitanus" have special teeth that allow them to peel and eat their mother's skin. The mother's skin in this species was found to be thicker than normal and contained a high level of fat and other nutrients.



Bulletproof vest

A bullet-proof vest (also called "bulletproof vest", "body armor" or "body armour") is a protective piece of clothing that covers the torso (chest, abdomen, and back) of a person. It protects the wearer from most pistol and revolver bullets and from fragments of explosive devices such as grenades. Bullet-proof vests are worn by police officers, soldiers, security guards, and people who are at risk of being shot (such as the leader of a country).

Bullet-proof vests contain many layers of tightly-woven fabric such as Kevlar (or hard, strong materials such as ceramic or titanium) which can stop the metal pistol or revolver bullets or metal shell fragments from going into a person's body.

When a bullet hits a bullet-proof vest, the forceful impact of the bullet can seriously hurt, or even kill, the person wearing the vest even if the vest stops the bullet. 

A bullet from a strong sniper rifle or machine gun can pierce a bullet-proof vest. 

If a bullet hits a body part that the bullet-proof vest does not cover, the bullet can hurt or kill the person wearing the vest.

The bullet-proof vests worn by most police officers and security guards are made with many layers of tightly-woven fabric such as Kevlar.

Bullet-proof vests for soldiers are heavier and stronger than the bullet-proof vests worn by police officers and security guards, because soldiers need protection from rifle and machine gun bullets. Bullet-proof vests for soldiers often have flat pieces of ceramic material or a strong metal such as titanium. These materials can stop bullets from many rifles and machine guns.


Dry suit

A dry suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers who are swimming in very cold water, such as in the Arctic ocean or the North Atlantic ocean. A dry suit is similar to a wetsuit, in that it helps to insulate the diver's body from the cold of the ocean. However, a wetsuit lets water to touch the diver's body, but a dry suit is sealed so it does not allow water to touch the diver's body. This means that a dry suit offers more protection from the cold ocean water.

Gauntlet

A gauntlet is a protective covering that is used in some gloves and mittens. A gauntlet protects the wrists and the lower part of the forearm. Gloves or mittens for motorcycle drivers, snowmobile drivers, construction workers, forestry workers, and mountain climbers often have gauntlets. The gauntlet helps to protect the wrist and forearm from cold, and from being scraped or cut if there is an accident.

The gauntlet of a glove or mitten is usually made from a material that is similar to the protective fabric or material used elsewhere on the glove or mitten. A pair of leather motorcycle gloves with gauntlets will usually have leather gauntlets. A pair of insulated nylon snowmobilers' mittens with gauntlets will usually have gauntlets made from insulated nylon fabric.

The word "gauntlet" is sometimes used in the following figure of speech: "to throw down the gauntlet." If a person says that "Fred threw down the gauntlet at the committee meeting last night", they mean that Fred issued a public challenge at the committee meeting.

Another figure of speech is the phrase "run the gauntlet." This means to "face a trial or test." For example, if a sailor commits an offense, his comrades may form a line, and each comrade will hit the sailor as he passes by the line. This is called "running the gauntlet."

Nylon

Nylon is an artificial fibre. It is one of the most commonly used polyamides, and was first used on February 28, 1935. 

Nylon makes a silky material which was first used in toothbrushes. It is strong, hard and water resistant. It is used to make clothes. In fact, polyamides are mostly used for synthetic fibres in clothing. Nylon can also be used to make other materials, such as parachutes, ropes, string for tyres, carpets, fishing nets and cloth and socks.

Nylon was invented by Wallace Carothers at Du-Pont.

Forearm

The forearm is the part of the human arm between the elbow and the wrist. It has many muscles including the ones that move the fingers.

Mountaineering

Mountain climbing is a hobby/job where people climb mountains. It may involve hiking, rock climbing, as well as crossing glaciers. Someone who does mountain climbing is called a mountain climber or mountaineer.

Mountain climbers use the strength of their arms and legs to climb up mountains. Many mountain climbers use ropes and wear special shoes and safety equipment . Most mountain climbers go up mountains as a hobby or as a recreational activity. A few do mountain climbing as an occupation or job. They get paid by outdoor clothing companies or universities to climb up mountains, or they are hired as a guide by recreational mountain climbers. Some are scientists who study mountains. 

Climbing mountains can be dangerous. Each year, people are seriously injured or even killed from falling, being covered in an avalanche of snow, or getting too cold. Altitude sickness can cause accidents. Climbers in snowy areas face the danger of being buried in an avalanche of snow. 

To reduce the risks, mountain climbers work together and learn how to climb safely. They wear safety equipment such as helmets and use ropes, compasses, and first aid kits. They bring other equipment, such as shovels, radio transmitters, and long poles (for finding people who are buried in the snow) and emergency G.P.S.

Figure of speech

A figure of speech is an indirect way of communicating an idea. Many figures of speech are not meant to be understood exactly as they are said: they are not literal, factual statements. They use indirect language, and mean something different from ordinary language.

Linguists call these figures of speech "tropes"—a play on words, using words in a way that is different from its accepted literal or normal form. DiYanni wrote: "Rhetoricians have catalogued more than 250 different "figures of speech", expressions or ways of using words in a nonliteral sense".

Metaphors are very common examples. A common figure of speech is to say that someone "threw down the gauntlet". This does not mean that a person threw a protective wrist-covering down on the ground. Instead, it usually means that the person issued a public challenge to another person (or many persons).

There is no one easy way to distinguish plain speech from figures of speech.


Adobe Flash

Adobe Flash (formerly 2005 Macromedia Flash) was a rich internet application distributed by Adobe Systems. Adobe Flash and Adobe Flash Player were used to create and view animated content that could be placed on web pages. Adobe Flash was used commonly on the Internet by web browsers.

Flash was created by FutureWave (a multimedia company) in 1995. Then it was called "FutureSplash Animator" (this was Flash 1.0). FutureWave along with Flash were soon bought by Macromedia around 1997, who in December 2005 was again bought by Adobe Systems. From Flash version 2 to 8 it was called "Macromedia Flash", now it is called "Adobe Flash".

In 2012, Adobe discontinued the Solaris version of Flash Player, and made the Linux version only for Google Chrome. The Android version was removed from Google Play.

In 2020, Adobe discontinued Adobe Flash, because Adobe claims that WebGL, HTML5, and WebAssembly serve as good alternatives for Adobe Flash.

Flash video games are popular on the Internet, with websites like Newgrounds, Kongregate, and Armor Games are dedicated to Flash-based games. Popular Flash games include "Transformice", "Farmville, Alien Hominid, QWOP" and "Club Penguin".

Adobe AIR allows the creation of Flash-based mobile games, which can be published to the Google Play and the Apple App Store.

Inheritance (object-oriented programming)

In Object-oriented programming languages, inheritance is a way to add functionality. Object-oriented programming has the notion of classes (and perhaps interfaces). A "derived class" inherits most fields and methods from its parent class. It can modify the behaviour of the parent, by adding new fields and methods, or by modifying existing ones. Depending on the programming language used, there may be certain restrictions when extending a class. 

Inheritance can be used to solve different types of problems:
An example can be a Car class. A Ferrari class could inherit from Car. A Toyota class which could also inherit from Car. All the fields and methods (drive method, brake method, color field...) would also be inside of Ferrari and Toyota. There would be no need to copy the code twice. Inside of Car there could be a brand field. This brand field would be equal to nothing, but inside of Ferrari the field might be equal to "ferrari" and in Toyota to "toyota". 
Michael Jordan

Michael Jeffrey Jordan (born February 17, 1963) is a former American basketball player. He is widely considered the greatest basketball player of all time. He won six championships and was the Finals MVP 6 times. He played for the Chicago Bulls and the Washington Wizards. Jordan led the Bulls to a then-record 72 wins in the 1995–96 NBA season. Jordan earned the nicknames "Jordan" and "His Airness" due to his leaping ability, which was illustrated by performing slam dunks from the free throw line in slam dunk contests. Jordan won two Olympic gold medals with Team USA, famously playing on the 1992 Dream Team. During the early part of his college career, he went by Mike Jordan, and he still uses Mike as a nickname to this year. Jordan is a billionaire, his networth is estimated at $3 billion as of 2024.

Michael Jeffrey Jordan was born on February 17, 1963 in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York, he is the son of Deloris (née Peoples), who worked in banking, and James R. Jordan, Sr., an equipment supervisor. His family moved to Wilmington, North Carolina when he was a toddler.

Jordan is the fourth of five children. He has two older brothers, Larry Jordan and James R. Jordan, Jr., one older sister, Deloris, and a younger sister, Roslyn. Jordan's brother James retired in 2006 as the Command Sergeant Major of the 35th Signal Brigade of the XVIII Airborne Corps in the U.S. Army.

As a sophomore at Laney High School in Wilmington, North Carolina, Jordan did not make his school's varsity (main) basketball team. This inspired him to work harder, and he made the team the next year. In 1981, he went to the University of North Carolina to play. He averaged 10 points per game his freshman year, and 20 points per game his sophomore year. Under coach Dean Smith's system, no player was allowed to average more than 20 ppg. North Carolina won the national championship in 1982, Jordan's freshman year. Jordan made the winning shot with 18 seconds left in the championship game. After Jordan's junior year in college, he said that he would be leaving college to play in the NBA. The Chicago Bulls chose him with the third pick in the 1984 NBA draft. He never served as a team captain in college.

In 1993, after winning three NBA championships in a row, Jordan said that he would retire and switch to a career in minor league baseball. He played for the Birmingham Barons, a minor league team in the Chicago White Sox's system, but hit only one home run during his whole baseball career. In 1995, Jordan announced that he would return to the NBA with a two word announcement: "I'm back". He was back in time to play for the Bulls in the 1995 playoffs, but the Bulls lost in the playoffs before reaching the NBA Finals. However, the next three seasons after that, the Bulls won the championship. This included the 1995-1996 season, when the Bulls won 72 games in the regular season and only lost 10. In 1996, he starred in the live-action/animated comedy movie "Space Jam" as himself. Jordan retired for a second time in 1998, but was still not done playing. He would buy part of the Washington Wizards basketball team, and played for the Wizards from 2001 to 2003, and ended his playing career after that.

During his NBA career, Jordan had at least 29 game-winning shots on field goals or free throws when deciding a game in the last 30 seconds of the game. In addition to well-documented instances, he made a pair of free throws in a road game at New Jersey, on March 16, 1996. While making the free throws, WGN play-by-play announcer Wayne Larivee remarked, "Michael Jordan, ice water in his veins".

Michael Jordan played mostly shooting guard. Other than a brief spell in April 1989 during which he played point guard, Jordan almost always played shooting guard during his time with the Chicago Bulls. He was widely heralded as the most skilled and accomplished basketball player of all time.

Jordan is now the majority owner of the Charlotte Hornets. He was chosen to enter the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009.

Notes


Lawrence Taylor

Lawrence Taylor (February 4, 1959) is a retired American football player who played for the New York Giants in the National Football League (NFL). Taylor was famous for sacking the other team's quarterbacks. After he retired he got in trouble for doing drugs. He has since stopped doing drugs. He also appeared on Dancing With the Stars in the 2009 season.

New York Giants

The New York Giants are an American football team. They are a part of the National Football League (NFL). Even though they are called the New York Giants they do not play in New York. They play in East Rutherford, New Jersey. New York is right across the Hudson river from East Rutherford, so they consider New York as home. The Giants play in MetLife Stadium, which they share with the New York Jets.

The New York Giants started playing in 1925. They were named for the baseball team also called the New York Giants. They have won six NFL championships, including some before the Super Bowl era. On February 3, 2008, the Giants beat the previously unbeaten New England Patriots (17-14) to win their third Super Bowl championship in Super Bowl XLII as well as stopping them from achieving the NFL's first 19-0 season. The previous two Super Bowl victories came against the Denver Broncos and the Buffalo Bills (when they won the game on a missed last second field goal that went "wide right".) The Giants won Super Bowl XLVI against the Patriots but this time the Patriots went 13-3 in the regular season. The Giants beat them in Foxborough during the 2011 season.


Hakeem Olajuwon

Hakeem Abdul Olajuwon (born January 21, 1963 in Lagos, Nigeria; pronounced ah-KEEM ah-LAH-zhoo-wahn), formerly Akeem Olajuwon, is a retired Nigerian-American basketball player. He is considered by some to be the greatest defensive player in basketball history. Hakeem Olajuwon travelled all the way from his home country of Nigeria to play basketball in the United States. He won two National Basketball Association (NBA) championships with the Houston Rockets. During his career, he was nicknamed "The Dream", often extended to "Hakeem the Dream", due to his grace both on and off the court. His best move was called the "Dream Shake". He also called himself "Little Moses" after one of his biggest idols, Moses Malone. He played for the Houston Rockets while Olajuwon played for the University of Houston Cougars men's basketball team.


Ecomuseum

An ecomuseum is a museum which shows things about the identity of a place or landscape. Many of the people who live in that place help to organize things in the museum. The ecomuseum tries to help the welfare and development of the local community.


Scottie Pippen

Scottie Maurice Pippen (born September 25, 1965) is a retired American basketball player. He played for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA) for most of his career and won six championships with the Bulls, although he also played with Charles Barkley in 1999 for the Houston Rockets and the Portland Trail Blazers near the end of his career.

In addition to his chemistry with Michael Jordan, Pippen was known for his defense. His unusually long wingspan allowed him to clog passing lanes and make chase-down blocks.

Pippen went by Scott Pippen early in his NBA career. Later on he earned the nicknames Pip, Robin (to Michael Jordan's Batman) and later Batman (Jordan was then called Superman). Off the court, Pippen developed a reputation for not leaving tips at restaurants, and got the nickname No Tippin' Pippen.

Pippen's nephew Kavion Pippen currently plays basketball for the Southern Illinois Salukis.


Chicago Bulls

The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team. They play in Chicago, Illinois at the United Center. The Bulls are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They were named the Bulls in reference to the Chicago Union Stockyards, which was once a major business in Chicago. The current head coach is Billy Donovan.

Michael Jordan played for the Chicago Bulls from 1984 until 1993 and from 1995 until 1998. Jordan, along with Scottie Pippen and Phil Jackson, lead the team to six NBA championships via two three-peats. In the 21st century, Derrick Rose was the star of the Bulls (as well as the youngest player to win the MVP Award) until his injuries prevented him to play.

Barry Bonds

Barry Bonds (born July 24, 1964, in Riverside, California) is an American Major League Baseball player. Barry Bonds was a left fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1986-1992) and San Francisco Giants (1993-2007) He holds the Major League Baseball career home run record with 762 home runs. He is currently a free agent. He is not signed with any team and is currently not playing baseball. He played his debut on May 30, 1986, for the Pittsburgh Pirates.

Barry Bonds was born on July 24, 1964 to Patricia and Bobby Bonds. 

Bill Russell

William Felton Russell (February 12, 1934 – July 31, 2022) was an American basketball player. Russell played for the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1956 to 1969. He was born in Monroe, Louisiana. He was a civil rights activist. 

Russell was also an NBA coach. He coached the Celtics from 1966 to 1969, Seattle SuperSonics from 1973 to 1977 and the Sacramento Kings from 1987 to 1988.

Russell won two NCAA titles in 1955 and 1956. He ended his college career with the University of San Francisco by winning his last 55 straight games and achieving an undefeated season in 1956. Before entering the NBA, Russell also earned an Olympic gold medal in 1956. The US team, led by Russell, was undefeated and won by an unsurpassed victory margin of 53.5 points per game

Russell was named the NBA MVP five times during his career. He won 11 championships in 13 seasons as a player, the most in NBA history, including eight in a row from 1959 through 1966. During his NBA career, he made it to the championship round during 12 of his 13 seasons.

President Barack Obama honored Russell with the Presidential Medal of Freedom at the White House in 2011. He was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame twice, one in 1975 for his playing career and another in 2021 for his coaching career.

Russell died on July 31, 2022 at his home in Mercer Island, Washington at the age of 88.

Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII

Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII is a third-person shooter roleplaying video game. It is a sequel to "Final Fantasy VII". 

Three years after the what happened in "Final Fantasy VII", a group of powerful SOLDIERs that nobody had seen before appear, stopping the peace enjoyed by the people of world. The members of this mysterious group are the ones who were trapped under the ruins of Midgar for three years- the Deepground SOLDIERs. The Deepground SOLDIERs want to call forth the final WEAPON, Omega, before it is supposed to be. But to do that, the DGS need Vincent Valentine to lead the way to Omega.

Vincent Valentine is chased by many members of the mysterious group. An chain of events leads Vincent to the truth about his past and forces him to be the leader again in a battle for the planet itself and all those living in it.

Reeve Tuesti, who used to be the Head of Urban Development at Shinra (and the remote controller of Cait Sith), is now the leader of the World Regenesis Organization, which looks after the planet and stops people from hurting it any more. Yuffie Kisaragi is another member of the organization, and several other characters from the original game provide the World Regenesis Organization with more help.

The game begins with a Full Motion Video showing the attack on the town of Kalm by Deepground soldiers. Vincent stops the attack, but encounters Azul and Shelke. Azul and Shelke are members of the Tsviets, Deepground's elite force of supersoldiers.

Diving suit

A diving suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers when they swim underwater in oceans, lakes, and rivers. Diving suits help insulate the diver from the cold temperature of the water. There are several types of diving suits, including wetsuits and dry suits.

Kilt

A kilt is a ceremonial article of clothing worn in Scotland. It is made of a thick, woven fabric with a tartan (checkered) pattern. It resembles a pleated skirt except that it is worn by men. It is still worn during ceremonies by some Scottish and Canadian military units and by people who play the bagpipes (a Scottish wind instrument). It is also quite commonly worn by men at weddings.

Straitjacket

A straitjacket is a type of clothing used to restrain patients in mental health hospitals and psychiatric wards of hospitals. A straitjacket has straps that restrain a person's arms and hands. Hospitals put straitjackets on people who have mental illnesses such as schizophrenia or paranoia, to keep them from hurting themselves, other patients, or hospital staff.

Space suit

A spacesuit is the specialised covering of protective clothing worn by astronauts when they travel into outer space occasional cases such as extravehicular activity (EVA) or into the upper atmosphere. Spacesuits are completely sealed, so that an astronaut can survive in the harsh, cold, and airless environment of space. Spacesuits have their own heating and cooling systems and a radio communication system. Spacesuits also provide a supply of fresh air for the astronauts to breathe and create a normal atmospheric pressure. Spacesuits cover the entire body, and they have gloves for the hands and a helmet for the head, including a clear visor for the face. Astronauts wear spacesuits when they fly in the space shuttle, rockets, or space stations. For Extravehicular activity they wear a heavier, more complex kind of spacesuit. 

A generalised, typical space suit is made of several pieces which has various properties. 

Weasel

Weasels are the genus Mustela, part of the Mustelidae family. The genus includes the weasels, polecats, stoats, ferrets and minks. 

Weasels are small, active predators, long and slender with short legs. Their body shape is adapted to going down burrows after prey such as rabbits. There are 17 species, and they live all over the world except for Antarctica and Australasia.

Weasels vary in length from 173 to 217 mm (6.8 to 8.5 in). They have red or brown upper coats, white underneath. Their tails may be from 34 to 52 mm (1.3 to 2.0 in) long. 

Biologically, despite looking a bit like cats, they are actually more related to dogs.


Passport

A passport is a travel document that a person owns. It is a citizen of the country on the passport. A passport asks that the person carrying it be allowed to enter and pass through other countries. They also allow a person to re-enter their country. Passports are given by national governments.

Passports usually have a person's picture, signature, date of birth, nationality and country of birth. Many countries are now issuing passports with biometric properties. This helps confirm that the person carrying a passport is the real owner. These countries have passports that use biometrics: Malaysia, Australia, Turkey, Greece, Israel, New Zealand, Japan, Portugal, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, Ireland, Poland, Italy, Slovenia, Singapore, Thailand, India and the Republic of Korea. 

Many countries are switching over to biometric passports because it can easily confirm the authenticity of the holder's identity. Passports are used so a stamp can be placed in it to prove that the identity of the holder has been confirmed with the immigration officials in the country of travel.

In 1920, the International Conference on Passports, Customs Formalities and Through Tickets made a law that said passports must be issued in French and at least one other language. Now, many countries issue passports in English and the language(s) of the issuing country.

University of Nottingham

The University of Nottingham is a university in the city of Nottingham, in the United Kingdom. It has four different sites in the United Kingdom. It also has a site in China and a site in Malaysia. It was named the 'University of the Year' in 2006 by the London newspaper, The Times.

The University of Nottingham is ranked in the UK's Top 10 and the World's Top 100 universities by the "Academic Ranking of World Universities" and the "Times Higher Education - Quacquarelli Symonds World University Rankings".

Nottingham University is the fifth largest university in the UK. It is a member of:


Metastasis

Metastasis is what happens when cancer spreads from its original place to another part of the body. Cancer cells spread from the original site to other places in the body by traveling through the bloodstream. When the cancer cells stick to a new place in the body, they grow and form another tumor there. Metastasis makes cures more difficult, or in many cases impossible.

Dingo

The dingo is a wild dog from Australia. They are not found in Tasmania, where the sea levels cut the island off from mainland Australia about 10,000 years ago. 

The earliest known dingo remains were found in Western Australia. It dates to 3,450 years ago. However, the genes show that the dingo reached Australia 8,300 years ago. The humans which brought them are unknown. Dingo morphology has not changed over the past 3,500 years: this suggests that artificial selection has not been done over this period. 
Their scientific name, "Canis lupus" (wolf) "dingo", was changed recently from "Canis familiaris" (dog) "dingo". This was to show it is related to the white footed wolf which lives in Asia.

Dingos (or Dingoes) are usually between 117 cm to 124 cm in length. Their tail is about 30 cm in length. They usually weigh between 10 kg and 20 kg. The colour of their fur is usually yellow-ginger, but can sometimes include tan, black, white or sandy colours. They live for about 14 years.

Dingos live in packs of between 3 and 12, but they can be seen alone as well. The leaders are the alpha male and the alpha female and are usually the only pair to breed. Young dingos are called "cubs". The breeding season is in March and April. After a gestation of 63 days, the adult females usually give birth to 4-5 cubs in a litter. Mothers will regurgitate food for the cubs to eat. They become independent of their mother after four to eight months of age.

Dingos do not bark like other dogs, but they do howl.

Dingos are carnivores and eat other animals such as kangaroos, wallabies, wallaroos, Emus, rabbits, rodents, lizards, sheep, calves, poultry and carrion. It is believed to have hunted several animal species to extinction including some species of bandicoots and rat kangaroos. They often hunt in packs.

While some people keep dingos as pets, they are regarded as a pest by farmers. They are controlled by trapping, shooting, poisoning (with sodium monofluoroacetate), and fences. The dingo fence which runs through South Australia, and then along the New South Wales border through to central Queensland is the world's longest fence. Dingos are protected in national parks and reserves.

It is illegal to have a dingo as a pet in South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania. In Victoria and the Northern Territory, you have to have a special permit to keep a dingo. The dingo can be a dangerous animal: they have attacked people at times. On April 30, 2001, a nine-year-old boy was attacked and killed on Fraser Island by a dingo. A dingo is believed to have killed a baby, Azaria Chamberlain, at Uluru in August, 1980. This became a world famous case when her mother was sent to jail for murdering the baby. She was later found innocent and released. "Evil Angels", a book about Azaria by John Bryson, was made into a movie starring Meryl Streep.

Silk Road

The Silk Road was a group of trade routes that went across Asia to the Mediterranean Sea. This let China trade with the Middle East and the Mediterranean world.

It was called the Silk Road because silk was traded along it. At the time, silk was only made in China, and it was a valuable material. 
The Silk Road not only earned China a lot of money, but all along the route cities prospered and markets flourished. Cities like Samarkand and Bukhara were built largely on the trade from the silk route.

Trade on the Silk Road played a big part in the growth of the ancient cultures of China, Egypt, Mesopotamia, Persia, India, and Rome, and helped to make the beginning of today's world. The term Silk Road is English for the German word "Seidenstraße". The first person who called it that was a German geographer in 1877.

Of course, many other things were also traded, even ideas. Because the traders came from many places, different ideas were brought to China, and China's ideas were taken to other places.

Some of the other things traded were porcelain and other types of pottery, food, wine, and spices. Chess pieces from northern India were brought to China and Persia. Paper arrived in the west from China. Metals and jewels were certainly transported, and very likely slaves also. Probably no trader went the whole way along. Goods would be traded on at every stopping-point. Deals might be needed to get past difficult places.

The Silk Road first traveled west from northern China. Then the part of the Silk Road on land split into two branches. One branch went north of the Tibetan Plateau, and the other branch went south of it.

After the two parts rejoined, it went in an almost straight line west through mountains via Tabriz in north Iran and the north tip of the Syrian Desert to the Levant (Syria, Israel, Palestine). From there Mediterranean trading ships took routes to Italy, and land routes went north through Byzantine Empire or south to North Africa.

The sea route was also called the "Silk Road". It ran from South China, to the Philippines, Brunei, Siam, Malacca, Ceylon, India, Pakistan, and Iran. In Europe it went between Israel, Lebanon, Egypt, Greece, Balkans, and Italy. Past the Mediterranean Sea, it continued to Portugal and Sweden.

The Buddhist religion and the Greco-Buddhist culture started to move east on the Silk Road, reaching China from around the second century BC. Trading also helped make many arts and crafts, brought different religions, and food to China. Chinese people helped build the Silk Road. They bought and sold with other people, and built up their culture. 
The Kushan empire, in the northwest part of India, was in the middle of these trades.

The Silk Road brought other cultures into Central Asia and China. It also helped the rise of the Mongol Empire, the largest land empire ever.

The Roman Empire, which bought a lot of Chinese goods, began to fall from power in the West around the 5th century. In Central Asia, Islam expanded starting in the 7th century. This brought a stop to Chinese growth westwards at the Battle of Talas in 751 AD. More growth of the Islamic Turks in Central Asia from the 10th century stopped trade in that part of the world.


Isis

Isis is a goddess in Egyptian mythology. She was known as the goddess of the moon. As the goddess of life and magic, Isis protected women and children, and healed the sick. Closely linked to the throne, she was one of the greatest goddesses of Ancient Egypt.

Her symbols were the ankh, her wings, and her throne headdress. She was the sister and wife of Osiris. Isis and Osiris had a son named Horus.

The English pronunciation used, ), comes from the pronunciation of the Greek name, , which changed the Egyptian name by adding a final "-s" because of the grammatical requirements of Greek noun endings.

The Egyptian name was recorded as or . It meant '(She of the Throne)'. However, the true Egyptian pronunciation is not known because their writing system left out vowels. Based on recent studies, the reconstructed pronunciation of her name is * (ooh-saht). Later, the name in Coptic dialects was "Ēse" or "Ēsi". 

To make it easier to say, Egyptologists choose to say the word as "ee-set". Sometimes they may also say "ee-sa". This is because the last "t" in her name was a feminine (female) suffix which is known to have been dropped in speech in the last stages of the Egyptian language.

Isis was perhaps the most important goddess of all Egyptian mythology. During the course of Egyptian history, Isis assumed the attributes and functions of virtually every other important goddess in the land. Her most important functions, however, were those of motherhood, marital devotion, healing the sick, and the working of magical spells and charms. She was believed to be the most powerful magician in the universe, because she had learned the Secret Name of Ra from the god himself. Isis was the sister and wife of Osiris, sister of Set, and twin sister of Nephthys. She was the mother of Horus the Child (Harpocrates), and was the protective goddess of Horus's son Amset, protector of the liver of the deceased. 

Isis was responsible for protecting Horus from Set during his infancy; for helping Osiris to return to life; and for assisting her husband to rule in the land of the Dead. 

Her cult seems to have originally centred, like her husband's, at Abydos near the Delta in the North (Lower Egypt). She was adopted into the family of Ra early in Egyptian history by the priests of Heliopolis. From the New Kingdom onwards (c. 1500 BC) her worship no longer had any particular identifiable centre, and she became more or less universally worshipped, as her husband was.

Isis had great powers such as: healing, protection, and magic. She could even cast spells on Ra. An example of her powers is when Isis brought Osiris back to life for one night. The powers were only strong enough to bring Osiris back for a single night.

Isis is shown with a sun disk on her head. She also had a throne on her head to symbolize she was a queen. Sometimes Isis is called the egg of the goose because Geb is the father of Isis and goose represents him.

Many Egyptian gods and goddesses started in one place, or were the tutelary deity of one place all through their history. Many big cities and towns are known as the hometowns of their god or goddess. However, no local cities where Isis was worshipped have been found; all through her early history there are no known temples to her. Worship of Isis did not start until as late as the 30th dynasty; until that time Isis was worshipped in temples of other gods or goddesses. However, even in the 30th dynasty Isis was worshipped together with Horus and Osiris. Temples to Isis became common in the Roman times. There was a temple built to her at Philae.
By this time, temples to Isis began to spread outside of Egypt. In many places her followers took over the worship to the Semitic goddess Astarte, because of the similarity of names. In the Hellenistic era, she also became the goddess who protected sailors. 

In all parts of the Graeco-Roman world, Isis became one of the most important figures of the "mystery religions", and many classical writers sometimes wrote about her temples, and followers. Temples to Isis were built in Iraq, Greece, Rome, even as far north as England where the remains of a temple were found at Hadrian's Wall. At Philae, she was worshipped until the 6th century, after the rise of Christianity. The fall of her temples is usually said to mark the end of ancient Egypt.

Little information on Egyptian priests of Isis has been found, but we know that there were both priests and priestesses of her followers all through her history. By the Graeco-Roman era, many of them were healers, and were said to have many other powers, including explaining dreams and the power to control the weather by braiding or combing their hair.


Osiris

In Egyptian mythology, Osiris is the god of life, death, the flooding of the Nile, and the afterlife. He was the brother and husband of Isis. They had a son named Horus. Osiris was murdered by his brother Set because Osiris was the pharaoh, which Set wanted to be. Osiris was killed when Set tricked him into getting into a box, then poured lead onto the box to close it so Osiris could not get out of it. However, Isis brought Osiris back to life for one night. After Horus was old enough, he defeated Set and became the pharaoh. Osiris' mother was the goddess Nut, father Geb, sister Nephthys, and sister as well as wife Isis.

By the Hellenic era, Greek awareness of Osiris had grown, and attempts had been made to merge Greek philosophy, such as Platonism, and the cult of Osiris (especially the myth of his resurrection), resulting in a new mystery religion. Gradually, this became more popular, and was exported to other parts of the Greek sphere of influence. However, these mystery religions valued the change in wisdom, personality, and knowledge of truth, rather than the exact details of the accepted myths on which their teachings were overlayed. Thus in each region that it was exported to, the myth was changed to be about a similar local god, resulting in a series of gods, who had originally been quite distinct, but who were now synonymous with Osiris. These gods became known as Osiris-Dionysus.

Egyptian civilization loved Osiris because he was a wise and gentle king. He taught them law and order and led them away from savage practices like cannibalism and human sacrifice. Osiris also taught them the art of agriculture and the appropriate rites for worshipping the gods. When he was done civilizing the people in Egypt, he left the country to his wife Isis and made peace in many other places. When he finished his job he then returned to Egypt.

Osiris was the god of the Underworld. He was also one of the Nine Gods. One of his duties as Lord of the Dead was to do the very last judgment of the Dead, and after that to protect people from the dangers of the Underworld. The transition between life and death must have been a great experience, but still perilous .

Osiris was shown in the form of a mummified pharaoh. He wore a white atef crown with feathers on the side, and held a crook and flail; tools of a pharaoh. Osiris had green skin, symbolizing rebirth to the Egyptians.

ISO 3166-2:BR

ISO 3166-2:BR is an ISO standard which defines geocodes: it is the subset of ISO 3166-2 which applies to Brazil. It covers 1 Federal District and 26 states.

Privy Council of the United Kingdom

His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council is a group of advisors to the British Monarch. Most of its important work is done by two committees,

Some laws need to be made by the "King-in-Council", that is at a meeting of the King and the Privy Council. Some jobs are filled by the King in Council too. For example, when the King appoints a new Bishop or Lord-lieutenant he announces his choice at a meeting of the Privy Council.

Once someone is made a member of the Privy Council they are a member for life, but only members of the government are asked to meetings, except for special occasions such as when a new monarch takes the "Accession Oath", a promise to do their best, at a meeting when the Privy Council called the "Accession Council" 

In the past some kings and queens were bored by long meetings of the Privy Council, so they made everyone stand instead of sitting comfortably. The tradition carries on today.

Sometimes the Prime Minister shares information with other politicians on "Privy Council Terms". This means that the information must stay secret.

The Law Lords, and retired Law Lords, also form the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. It is the final court of appeal from British colonies an dependent territories, and some commonwealth realms. These countries call it an appeal to "The King in Council".



Four republics in the commonwealth also use the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council as a court of appeal.

From the Court of Appeal of Brunei the only appeal is to the Sultan of Brunei. The Queen and the Sultan have agreed that the cases are heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council who then advise the Sultan, directly.

The committee hears Appeals to His Majesty in Council:

Very rarely the Committee hears:

The committee must also report to the King about anything he ask. For example, investigating which members of the House of Lords supported the enemy in World War I.

Patrician

A patrician was a member of the upper class in the two social classes in Ancient Rome. They were rich and powerful. The other class was the plebeian class.



W.A.S.P.

W.A.S.P. is an American heavy metal band. The band was formed in 1982 in Los Angeles, California by Blackie Lawless, Rik Fox, Randy Piper and Tony Richards.







Virginia Tech massacre

The Virginia Tech massacre was a school shooting on April 16, 2007, which took place at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, a college in Blacksburg, Virginia, United States. Seung-Hui Cho, a senior English major at Virginia Tech, who had been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, major depressive disorder and selective mutism killed 32 people before killing himself. The killings occurred in two separate attacks on the campus. The first at around 7:15 a.m., when two students were shot and killed at West Ambler Johnston Hall, a co-ed residence hall that houses 894 students. More than two and a half hours later, 31 others, including Cho, were shot and killed across Norris Hall, which houses the Engineering Science and Mechanics program among others, where three main doors had been chained. Victims were found in different locations around the building.

Among the victims the most notable was that of Professor and Holocaust survivor Liviu Librescu who died while shielding his students from the gunman. Librescu was killed after being shot five times.

Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger and U.S. President George W. Bush attended vigils to honor the victims at the institution.

The number of people that died was more than any other mass shooting in modern U.S. history up until the 2017 Las Vegas shooting. Before then, the deadliest campus shooting in United States history was in 1966 at the University of Texas, where Charles Whitman climbed to the 28th-floor observation deck of a clock tower and opened fire, killing 16 people before he was gunned down by police. In the Columbine High attack in 1999, two teenagers killed 12 fellow students and a teacher before killing themselves.

Shakira

Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll or more simply known as Shakira (born 2 February 1977 in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a Colombian-Lebanese singer, songwriter, instrumentalist, record producer, dancer, UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and occasional actress, first season of the coach "The Voice".

Shakira is also a philanthropist. She has created the NGO's Pies Descalzos Foundation in Colombia, and the Barefoot Foundation in the US, to help children world-wide.

Shakira is also known for having made a song named "Timor" based on fighting in East Timor between gangs (groups of criminals with guns), security forces (small personal armies), and the government.

The first single from Shakira's tenth album was released in January 2014. "Shakira" by herself was released on 21 March 2014.

In 1991 Shakira's first album "Magia" was released. Her second album "Pies Descalzos" was released in 1993. Her first hit in Colombia was her third record, “¿Dónde Estás Corazón?" from 1995. In 2001 she released her first English album "Laundry Service". The album's first single "Whenever, Wherever" was the best selling single of 2001. In 2005 she released her second English album "Oral Fixation, Vol.2". In 2009 "She Wolf" was released. The first single "She Wolf" reached number four in the UK Singles Chart. On 14 January 2014 Shakira released a single with Rihanna, "Can't Remember to Forget You".

Shakira's first language is Spanish. She also speaks Portuguese and English. In addition she can speak some Italian, French, Catalan and Arabic/Japanese. Accordingly, she records songs in both English and Spanish, as well as having covered Francis Cabrel's song "Je l'aime à mourir" in French and Fairuz's "Aatini Al Nay" in Arabic as an homage to her home country of Lebanon. <br>

She has two sons, Milan (born 2013) and Sasha (born 2015) with her former boyfriend, Gerard Piqué. In July 2018, Mebarak came back to Lebanon with her family. She visited her grandmother's village of Tannourine where she was granted a square in her name. A statue of the pop-star is set to be built soon in the mentioned village. She also visited her father's hometown, Zahle.


Joe Louis

Joe Louis (born Joseph Louis Barrow, May 13, 1914 - April 12, 1981) was an American boxer. He was the world heavyweight champion from 1937 to 1949. Louis won the title from James Braddock. He made a record twenty-five title defenses before giving up the title in 1949. 

Perhaps his most famous fight was his one-round knockout of Max Schmeling, the German former heavyweight champion, in 1938. Schmeling had given Louis his only loss up to that point, and was widely seen at that time as a representative of Nazi Germany. The buildup to the fight was wrapped up in the politics of the United States versus Nazi Germany.

When World War II began, Louis signed up for the U.S. Army. While in the army, he boxed 100 exhibition bouts.

Louis died of a heart attack in Paradise, Nevada on April 12, 1981. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

He has an arena named after him, the Joe Louis Arena where the Detroit Red Wings play.


Larry Holmes

Larry Holmes (born on November 3, 1949) was an American boxer. He held the World Heavyweight Championship from 1978 to 1985. Holmes fought out of Easton, Pennsylvania. He was nicknamed the "Easton Assassin."

Holmes won the vacant World Boxing Council championship from Ken Norton in 1979. He defended that title, and later the International Boxing Federation title, twenty times. Some notable fighters he beat in defense of his championship were Muhammad Ali, Leon Spinks, Gerry Cooney, and Tim Witherspoon. He lost his championship to Michael Spinks in 1985.

Holmes later fought Mike Tyson and then Evander Holyfield to try and win back the championship. Tyson knocked him out in the fourth round and Holyfield beat him by a twelve-round decision.

Holmes continued to fight until 2002.


Skiing

Skiing is either sportive or recreational activity using "skis" for sliding over snow. Skis are used with special boots connected to them with a "binding". There are two different types of skiing: downhill skiing and cross country skiing.

Downhill skiing is a sport. Skiers ski down a trail (also called a "run") on the side of a mountain or hill. Each trail is marked with a sign that shows how difficult that particular run will be. Three different colors are used to rate the difficulty of the trail. They are: green, blue, and black. Green trails are easiest, blue trails are more difficult, and black trails are rated most difficult. The colors which represent a trail will also be seen in a shape. 

The most common ratings for trails are:

Trail ratings are often relative to the rest of the terrain at the ski resort- for example, the difficulty of a black diamond trail at a small ski area may be a rated as a blue square at a bigger resort with harder trails.
Cross country skiing is a sport of endurance. Skiers ski anywhere where there is snow. This is usually through a scenic forest or town.

Alpine skiing is a contest of speed. Racers go through the course with red and blue gates and go down to the goal as fast as they can. There are four disciplines in alpine skiing: downhill, super giant slalom, giant slalom and slalom. 

A ski gate is two sticks on a skiing race course that a skier needs to pass between. Ski gates are used in alpine skiing in downhill, Slalom, Giant Slalom and Super-G races. Downhill races have not many ski gates so skiers can be safe when they are going very fast. If a skier does not go between a ski gate, the judges say they are removed from the race. First in the 1980s and now a lot of the time, ski gates have hinges near the snow. Some ski gates have flags at the top of the stick.


1966 FIFA World Cup

The 1966 FIFA World Cup was the eighth FIFA World Cup. It was held in England from 11 to 30 July. England was chosen as hosts by FIFA to celebrate 100 years of football in England. England won the final beating West Germany 4-2. This was England's first (and so far only) World Cup win. England also became the first host to win since Italy won it in 1934. Later Germany, Argentina and France won it at their homes.

The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.
AFC (1)
CAF (0)
OFC (0)

CONCACAF (1)
CONMEBOL (4)

UEFA (10)




England won the championship.


Princess Taiping

Princess Taiping was a princess of Tang dynasty China. She was the daughter of Emperor Gaozong and Empress Wu Zetian. She became an important figure during her mother's rule as Empress in the second Zhou dynasty 690-705 AD.

Princess Taiping supported saving the Tang dynasty and the Li family. After the death of Empress Wu Zetian in 705, Princess Taiping joined with her nephew Li Longji (later Emperor Xuanzong) to get power for the Tang dynasty again. In 710, she and Li Longji stopped Empress Wei's plan to gain power.

Princess Taiping was also known for her beauty. In the Chinese history (mishi/秘史), it has been said that, after losing two marriages, Princess Taiping loved Li Longji. Mishi said that Emperor Xuanzong told of his love for his aunt in his autobiography. Li Longji confessed that he had fallen in love with Princess Taiping at first sight. He thought of her as a goddess-like figure. However, the truth is still unknown.

After Emperor Xuanzong became ruler in 712 AD, Princess Taiping's old age and power was seen as a threat to the young emperor, and she was given a death sentence to kill herself in 713 AD.

Horus

Horus was the Egyptian god of the Sky, Sun , Weather, Storms , Health , Healing, Kingship, Loyalty, War and Protection of mankind. He was the son of Isis and Osiris. After fighting his uncle, Set (Osiris and Isis' brother) he became the king of Egypt. During this fight, he lost his eye. The "Eye of Horus" became one of the most important symbols in ancient Egypt and Egyptian civilization. When Horus lost his eye, his eye set out on a journey of its own. When the other Gods tried to catch the eye, his eye began to cry. These tears became the first people of Egypt in Egyptian belief.

The Eye of Horus, also known as wadjet eye, wedjat eye or udjat eye, is an ancient Egyptian symbol of protection, royal power, and good health. The Eye of Horus is similar to the Eye of Ra, which belongs to a different god, Ra, but represents many of the same concepts. According to Egyptian myth, Horus lost his left eye in a struggle with Set. The eye was magically restored by Hathor, and this restoration came to symbolize the process of making whole and healing. For this reason, the symbol was often used in amulets.

Horus, was worshiped all over Egypt, especially in Pe, Bendet and Khem. There were many falcon gods before Horus, but eventually Horus represented all of them. He was worshiped until the end of the Pre-Dynastic period. In Upper Egypt (south), in the town of Edfu, was Ptolemaic, a temple for Horus. In Kom Ombo, there was another temple for Horus called the Kom Ombo temple. Horus was a good friend of Sobek. He was also worshipped as a guide to the pharaohs.

Horus was considered handsome and usually appeared as a falcon or a falcon headed man, although sometimes he appeared as a falcon headed crocodile. Sometimes he would take the form of a celestial falcon with his left eye the moon and his right eye the sun, his speckled breast feathers the stars, the down sweep of his wings creating the winds. He is sometimes shown with a copper knife. In addition, he normally wore the double crown to signify his rule over all of Egypt and to relate with the Pharaoh.

Horus was the god of the sky and also the God of war. The pharaoh ruling at any given time of Egypt was always the living image of Horus. When he died, that pharaoh became Osiris, the god of the dead and the father of Horus. The new pharaoh became Horus. His purpose was to protect the pharaoh. He was a protector god, who was a god who fought evil. He represented justice and righteousness. He fought with Seth to avenge his father, Osiris, who was killed by Seth. When Horus defeated Seth, he conquered his father, Osiris', throne, and became protector.



Set (deity)

In Egyptian mythology, "Set"' (also spelled Sutekh, Setesh, Seteh, Seth) was a god of the desert (including desert storms), thunder, evil, pain and suffering. 

The word 'Seth' was first said as 'Set'. Because of changes in the Egyptian language over the 3,000 years that Seth was worshiped, the 't' in Set was pronounced so similarly from 'th' that the Greeks wrote it as Seth during the Ptolemaic period. Set was originally responsible for protecting Ra during his journey in the afterlife, personally slaying the great serpent Apep. Late period Set killed his brother Osiris, who had succeeded Ra as pharaoh, out of jealousy. Horus (Osiris and Isis' son) eventually defeated Set and claimed the throne. 

Set had three siblings: his brother Osiris and his sisters Isis and Nephthys (who was also his wife). He also had a nephew Horus. Nephthys married Set and Isis married Osiris. Set and Nephthys had a son named Anubis. His father and mother were Geb and Nut respectively.

His color is red which represented evil in Egypt. He also possessed people when he wanted to. Set's consort was Nephthys. Set also had foreign wives Anat and Astarte. Set was unified with the key of trouble and death towards Ancient Egypt which made him deadly.

Set is often shown as a mysterious and unknown creature called the Set Animal. The Set Animal had a curved snout, square ears, dog-like body, forked tail, red eyes and red hair. Set could control this animal and would use it to destroy his enemies.

Shaka Sankofa

Shaka Sankofa aka Gary Graham born Gary Lee Graham (September 5, 1963 - June 22, 2000). Sankofa was put to death for the murder of fifty-three year-old Bobby Lambert in Houston, Texas on May 13, 1981. The murder happened when Sankofa was seventeen.

Sankofa was found guilty of shooting Lambert in the parking lot of a Houston supermarket. He told police that he had done ten robberies that week, but did not kill Lambert. The government believed he has done as many as 22 robberies which had happened in that area during that time. One of these included Graham using a shotgun to rob a man who Graham gave a ride to when the man's car stopped working on the highway. During that robbery, the man tried to escape and was shot by Graham but he did live. While there was no physical evidence to link Graham to the murder, one woman was in the parking lot at the time and saw him do it. She said she heard the gunshot and turned on the lights of her car. She saw Graham as he started running and followed him out of the parking lot with her car. There were several other people inside the store but none of them saw the shooting. Sankofa's supporters brought his case international attention, aruging that his conviction was based on the testimony of a single eyewitness who said she saw him for a few seconds in the dark parking lot committing the murder 
and she was 30 feet away from the murder scene. The jury did not hear testimony from six other apparent eyewitnesses who believed that Sankofa was not the killer.

Sankofa put to death after many legal tries by his lawyers to stop it. These including an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. By a vote of 5 to 4, the Supreme Court refused to stop the execution. Sankofa's lawyers also filed a civil suit saying the execution was against his civil rights. District Court Judge James Nowlin rejected that claim.

Many people believe that Sankofa did not kill Lambert. They believe that his lawyers did not do a good job because they thought he was guilty. Sankofa was put to death on an evidence of one person alone. None of the people that saw the man in the store and said this man was 6 inches shorter and thinner than Sankofa were used in the court case. Sankofa's lawyer at the time of his execution believed that the only person who saw the crime was not to be trusted because of how the police dealt with how she identified him. A gun found with Graham when he was arrested a week later was not the murder weapon. Most controversial of all is the fact that weapon used to kill Lambert did not produce any Gary Graham's fingerprints.

Some groups still claim he did not do this crime. Sankofa's supporters brought his case international attention. They also say that it is against international law to put someone to death for a crime they did before they became an adult of 18 years of age.
Such unprecedented convictions based on sole witness are rare but they happen in USA, other known example was Larry Griffin who was executed in 1991. 

There are groups to this day trying to clear Shaka of murder.

Gary Graham's last statement 

Juliusz Słowacki

Juliusz Slowacki (September 4, 1809 - April 3, 1849) was a Polish poet. He was born on August 23, 1809, according to the Old Calendar. September 4 is often given as his birthday but the calculation between days was wrong by one day. Slowacki is thought of as being as good a poet as most of the famous Polish writers. These include Mickiewicz, Norwid, Reymont (author of "Chlopi"), Wybicki, Krasinski and Sienkiewicz. He is buried in Wawel Cathedral in Krakow. This is the same crypt as Mickiewicz. He is considred third most important Polish poet.

His work included romantic poems, plays and sonnets included "Balladyna", "My Testament", "King Ghost", "Fantazy", "Kordian", "Beniowski", "Agamemnon’s Tomb", "Silver Dream of Salomea", "Hymn", "Lilia Weneda" and "Anhelli". 

Slowacki was first buried on April 5 1849 in Paris's famous Montmartre cemetery. Because he was not popular at the time, only about 30 people went to his funeral. In 1927, General Joseph Pilsudski ordered his body be dug up. It was taken back to Poland and honorably reburied on June 28 1927 in Krakow in the famous Wawel crypt for Polish nobles. He was buried with full military honors as a Polish hero. Pilsudski said: "Time to forget Slowacki is over, as long as there is Polish language, Slowacki will live on forever!"

Prominent Poles

Mistreat

Mistreat is a hard rock/Oi!/Rock Against Communism band from Kouvola, Finland. The band was formed in 1988.



Red dwarf

A red dwarf is a kind of star. Red dwarf stars are smaller than half the size of the Sun. They are also cooler than most stars. Red dwarfs burn their fuel slowly, so they shine with less light (absolute magnitude) than hot stars.

Red dwarf stars are the most common in our galaxy, at least near our sun. (We cannot see them if they are in other distant galaxies.) However, since red dwarf stars are cool and small, none can be found with the naked eye. The closest star to the Earth is named Proxima Centauri. The Latin word "proxima" means "nearest to". Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf. 

Red dwarfs can live trillions of years, much longer than brighter stars. A red dwarf dies when it burns all of its fuel. To start with, the fuel is the chemical element hydrogen. At present, no red dwarf star is known which has gone beyond this stage, because the universe is only 14 billion years old..

Red dwarfs are small stars that are around 0.2 solar mass (the sun is equal to 1 solar mass). This is small for a star but is still 60,000 times the mass of the Earth. They are formed in nebulas, as all stars are, and originally they were protostars. They start their nuclear fusion about 100,000 years after being formed. This gives them their red glow. These stars burn at less than 4,000°K.

Even smaller stars are called brown dwarfs. 

Ali Khamenei

Ali Hosseini Khamenei (علی حسینی خامنه‌ای;"`Ali Ḥusaynī Khaminayī;" born 19 April 1939) or Ali Khaminayi is the current Supreme Leader of Iran. He was the president of Iran from 1981 to 1989 until the death of Ruhollah Khomeini.


Canon law

Canon law is the term used for the internal Ecclesiastical law of many churches, such as the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Churches and the Anglican Communion of churches.

The Roman Catholic Church has the oldest continuously functioning legal system in the Western World. It is older than the common and European civil law traditions. What began with rules ("canons") adopted by the Apostles themselves at the Council of Jerusalem in the First Century led to a highly complex and original legal system that included norms of the New Testament, of the Hebrew (Old Testament), Roman, Visigothic, Saxon, and Celtic legal traditions with thousands of years of human experience.




Mstislav Rostropovich

Mstislav Leopoldovich Rostropovich (born Baku 27 March 1927; died Moscow, 27 April 2007) was a Russian cellist and conductor. Many musicians say that he was the greatest cellist who ever lived. He played the cello with an amazing technique and musicianship, and asked lots of composers to write cello music for him. He got into trouble with the political leaders of the Soviet Union because he said that people should be free to say their own ideas and opinions. In 1974 he was exiled from his country and continued his career as cellist and conductor in the west. He worked hard to support peace and justice in the world. In November 1989, when the Berlin Wall came down, he took his cello there and sat outside by the ruins of the wall and played. He was allowed back to his own country after the collapse of communism. He received lots of medals and honours.

Mstislav Rostropovich was born in Baku in Azerbaijan which was then part of the Soviet Union. His family were very musical. His mother played the piano and his father played the cello. He had studied with Pablo Casals.

During the Second World War the family moved to Orenburg. He went to the Children’s Music School there and started playing in concerts. In 1943 he went to the Moscow Conservatory to study the cello and composition. His composition teacher was Dmitri Shostakovich. They were lifelong friends and Shostakovich wrote a lot of cello music for him.

Rostropovich won all the best prizes at the Conservatory and was soon very famous. Lots of Russian composers wrote music for him: Reinhold Glière, Aram Khachaturian, Nikolai Myaskovsky, Dimitri Shostakovich and Sergei Prokofiev.

In 1955 he married Galina Vishnevskaya who was a famous soprano in the Bolshoi Opera. Rostropovich was a brilliant pianist and accompanied his wife when she sang recitals.

When he was 29 he became a Professor of Cello at the Moscow Conservatory. Shortly after that he played for the first time in England, performing the Cello Concerto by Dvořák at the Royal Festival Hall. A month later he played at the Carnegie Hall in New York. People had not yet heard of him and the hall was nearly empty. However, the next time he played there the hall was sold out in a few hours.

In 1960 he gave the first British performance of Shostakovich’s Cello Concerto no1. He met Benjamin Britten and they became great friends in spite of the fact that they could not speak one another’s language. Britten wrote cello music for him, including the "" and a Sonata for Cello and Piano. He performed a lot at the Aldeburgh Festival where Britten lived.

He started conducting in 1968. He conducted Tchaikovsky’s opera "Eugene Onegin" with his wife singing the main part of Tatyana. Some people thought his conducting was too full of emotion.

In 1970 he got into trouble with the Soviet politicians because he wrote a letter to the papers saying that the writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn was being unfairly treated. Solzhenitsyn had written about the injustices in the Soviet Union and about life in the labour camps. Solzhenitsyn was not allowed to write any more. Rostropovich let Solzhenitsyn live in his home. The Soviet politicians were angry, so Rostropovich and his wife left the Soviet Union and lived in London, Paris and New York. The Soviet politicians said that they were no longer Soviet citizens. In Switzerland they were allowed to have Swiss passports.

Rostropovich became conductor of the National Symphony Orchestra of Washington, DC. He often conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra and lots of other famous orchestras. He was a great teacher who inspired lots of young cello students. He made a very large number of recordings. 

After the Soviet Union collapsed Gorbachov allowed them to return to Russia. They had homes in Moscow and St Petersburg where they started a foundation for children who were ill. Rostropovich became ill with cancer and died in Moscow on 27 April 2007.

New Super Mario Bros.

New Super Mario Bros. is a 2006 platformer video game made and sold by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It is the first "Mario" platform game in 2D on a handheld console since "" in 1992. It was first sold in stores in North America on May 15, 2006, and was later sold in stores in Japan on May 25, 2006, in Australia on June 8, 2006, and in Europe on June 30, 2006. It is the first game in the "New Super Mario Bros." series. An indirect successor, "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" for the Wii, was released in November and December 2009.

Mario and Princess Peach are out for a walk when Bowser Jr. kidnaps Peach. Mario must go through eight worlds to save her from Bowser, and the new antagonist Bowser Jr.

List of Worlds

The game uses many old features from the older "Mario" games. The countdown game clock is back; if Mario does not reach the castle at the end, he will lose a life. Mario also must jump and catch onto a flagpole at the end of the level and go into a castle, just like he did in "Super Mario Bros." Before and after a level, Mario is on a world map, which was last used in "Super Mario World".

Mario also has new powers from the 3D games ("Super Mario 64" and "Sunshine"). He can do a ground-pound and a triple jump in the air. Both of these things first started in the 3D games.

Galina Vishnevskaya

Galina Vishnevskaya (born Leningrad, October 25, 1926 - December 11, 2012) was a Russian opera singer and recitalist.
Vishnevskaya was born in Leningrad, the town which is now called St Petersburg. In 1952 she won an important competition singing a song by Rachmaninoff and an aria by Verdi. She soon became a member of the famous Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. 
In 1960 she sang the part of in Aïda at the National Theatre in Sarajevo. In 1961, she made her first appearance at the Metropolitan Opera as Aïda and the next year she sang in the Royal Opera House in the same role. In 1964 she sang Aïda at La Scala.

Vishnevskaya was married to the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich from 1955 until his death in 2007. Her husband, as well as being a great cellist and conductor, was also an excellent pianist and he accompanied her for her recitals. They were very close friends of Shostakovich and Benjamin Britten and performed a lot of their works. She made many recordings including the main part in Shostakovich's opera Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District and in Britten's "War Requiem". She had not been allowed to take part in the first performance of the "War Requiem" because the Soviet politicians would not let her sing together with the baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau because he was German. 
In 1974, they left the Soviet Union because they had criticized the Soviet government. They settled in the United States and Paris. In 1982 she retired from singing in opera. Her last role was in Paris where she sang Tatyana in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin".

After the collapse of communism and the Soviet Union she and her husband were allowed to return from exile and live in Russia again. In 2002 she opened her own opera theater in Moscow: The Galina Vishnevskaya Opera Center.


Voting system

The voting system is a set of rules about the way people vote and how the votes are counted. Different countries have different voting systems. There are many different types of voting system. One of the first voting systems to be used is called "first-past-the-post". Under this system each voter writes an "x" next to their chosen candidate. At the end, the votes are counted. The candidate with the most votes wins. Some people think that first-past-the-post is unfair because they believe that many votes are wasted.



Single transferable vote

Single transferable vote (STV for short) is a type of voting system that gives proportional representation. It is used to elect more than one person (though it becomes Instant Runoff Voting in one-winner elections), and voters rank the candidates when voting.

Write a number "1" next to your favourite candidate, a number "2" next to your second favourite, a number "3" next to your third favourite and so on.

Each candidate needs a certain number of votes to be elected. This number depends on how many people are voting and on how many people are to be elected. 

Then the number "1" votes for each candidate are counted. But it can happen that one candidate or several candidates have more than the needed number of votes. These candidates are elected. But since they have more votes than they needed, they pass on the votes which they do not need to other candidates. Which candidate or candidates get those "surplus" votes depends on the voters' number of "2" votes given on the ballots papers of the candidates that have already been elected. If those number "2" votes make another candidate win and give them too many votes, this new "surplus" is passed on again, using number "3" votes, and so on. 

If not enough candidates have been elected so far, the candidate with the fewest votes is excluded. Votes for this candidate are passed on to the candidate given as the next preference of each of his voters (the next higher number in each listing of candidates). This may help to elect another candidate. If not, the next candidate which now has the fewest votes is excluded. 

Passing on the "surplus" votes and excluding the weakest candidates goes on until the needed number of candidates has been elected.



Individual savings account

An individual savings account is called an ISA. It is a special type of bank account in United Kingdom. It was started on 6 April 1999. Before that, Personal Equity Plans (PEPs) and Tax-Exempt Special Savings Accounts (TESSAs) were used. You can put £3600 or less in an ISA every year. It is special because you do not pay any tax on the interest you get.

Bound for Glory

Bound for Glory is a Neo-Nazi thrash metal/Rock Against Communism band from Minnesota, USA. The band was formed in 1989. They are one of the best known and oldest bands of their genre in the United States.

In October 2016, Bound for Glory planned to play a concert in Falkirk, Scotland. A public outcry by the Scottish people, including anti-racist groups like Hope Not Hate, caused the event to be cancelled.





Neo-Nazism

Neo-Nazism means the ideology of some political groups who want to return to the beliefs and practices of Nazism after the end of World War II. Different groups have their own sets of beliefs and practices. Neo-Nazis believe in loyalty to Adolf Hitler, hating Jews (anti-Semitism), racism, belief in a Germanic master race, xenophobia (hating and fearing people from different countries), extremist nationalism, supremacy, militarism, and hatred of homosexuals (homophobia). 

Neo-Nazis often use the symbols of Nazi Germany such as the swastika. Neo-Nazism has been linked to far-right political parties in England such as the National Front and the British Nationalist Party as well as being linked to the skinhead sub-culture.

Bengali

Bengali might mean:


Gary Graham

Gary Rand Graham (June 6, 1950 – January 22, 2024) was an American actor, musician, and author. He was known for his roles as Detective Matthew Sikes in the television series "Alien Nation" (1989–1990) and as Soval, the Vulcan ambassador to Earth in "".

Graham died from cardiac arrest in Spokane, Washington on January 22, 2024 at the age of 73.

Israeli West Bank barrier

The Israel West Bank barrier is a wall built by the State of Israel to separate Palestinian territories from Israel. It is built mostly of fences and in some places it is built of high concrete walls. It is 708 kilometers (439 miles) long.

The barrier was built in the Second Intifada that began in September 2000. It is when the Israeli government argued that it necessary to stop the violence and suicide bombing attacks coming from the West Bank.

There are many arguments about the barrier. People who want the barrier say it is needed to protect Israeli civilians from Palestinian terrorism. Since the barrier was built, the number of attacks has gone down, especially in areas where the barrier has been fully completed. Israel says that it is necessary for the country's security.

People who are against the barrier say that it is against international law because Israel and the Palestinians have not agreed where the border between them should be and have not reached a consensus. While the Palestinian Authority is in charge for water sources, the economic system, etc. in the West Bank, Palestinians who travel to Israel for medical, educational or work purposes have said that the barrier has negative effects on daily life and gives them less freedom (due to checkpoints). 


Joey Maxim

Joey Maxim (born Giuseppe Antonio Berardinelli March 28, 1922 - June 2, 2001) was an American boxer. He was the light heavyweight boxing champion of the world from 1951 to 1952. Archie Moore beat him by decision over 15 rounds for the light heavyweight championship in 1952. During Maxim's time as champion, he beat Sugar Ray Robinson in a title defense. He also tried to win the heavyweight championship during this time, but Ezzard Charles beat him by a unanimous decision.

In 1954, Maxim gave future world heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson his first pro defeat by unanimous decision in eight rounds.


Armed Islamic Group

The Armed Islamic Group (GIA, from French "Groupe Islamique Armé"; Arabic الجماعة الإسلامية المسلّحة‎, "al-Jama'ah al-Islamiyah al-Musallaha") was an Islamist terrorist organization based in Algeria. It wanted to overthrow the Algerian government and replace it with an Islamic state. The GIA adopted violent tactics in 1992 after the military government did not recognise the victory of the Islamic Salvation Front in the first round of elections held in December 1991. The Islamic Salvation Front was the largest Islamic opposition party at the time.

Between 1992 and 1998 the GIA led a violent campaign. They killed many civilians. Sometimes they wiped out entire villages in its area of operation (see List of Algerian massacres of the 1990s; notably the Bentalha massacre and Rais massacre, among others). After announcing its campaign against foreigners living in Algeria in 1993, the GIA killed more than 100 expatriate men and women in the country. The group used assassinations and bombings, including car bombs. It is known to have favored kidnapping victims and slitting their throats. The GIA was considered a terrorist organization by the governments of Algeria, France and the United States. Outside of Algeria, the GIA established a presence in France, Belgium, the UK, Italy and the United States.

Takfir wal-Hijra

Takfir wal-Hijra ( - "Excommunication and Exodus") is a Islamist militant group. The group that was founded in Egypt in the 1960s. Today Takfir wal-Hijra has members or supporters in several other countries, allied to Al-Qaeda. In Spain the group is also known as "Martyrs for Morocco". The group started as a offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood in the 1960s. 

Members of the group are Islamists. It looks like the members of the group are not bound by the usual Islamic religious constraints. They adopt non-Islamic appearances. They might shave their beard or wear a tie. They do this to be hard to detect in crowds. Sometimes, even other Muslims have problems detecting them. They can drink alcohol and even eat pork to deceive their enemies. They believe that any means justify the end and, that killing other Muslims can be justified in their cause and that Western society is heathen and it is their duty to destroy it.

Little is known about the current organization or hierarchy of the group. Several groups which adhere to the same ideology have possibly used the name independently of each other.

Ma'at

In Egyptian mythology, Ma'at, pronounced as 'Muh-aht', is goddess of law, morality, and justice. Ma'at regulated the stars, seasons, and the actions of both people and gods. Her first role in Egyptian mythology was the weighing of words that took place in the underworld, Duat.

Ma’at weighed the heart of the dead person against her feather of truth on a scale during the journey to the afterlife. She placed the dead man's heart on the other side while her husband Thoth wrote down the results of the scale to see if that person was good or bad and if they would have a happy afterlife or be eaten by Ammit the devourer. Without Ma’at, the universe would become chaos once again. If the dead person’s heart was heavier than the feather, then it had done evil deeds like lying when it was alive. When that happened, the heart was devoured by a monster and was not able to go to the afterlife. If it was lighter than the feather, then it was allowed to go onto the afterlife.

Ma’at had dark skin and hair. She was usually shown wearing a white linen dress. She, like Isis, was a winged goddess and she wore lots of armbands and necklaces made from gold and jewels. Her feather of truth was strapped to her head. Like the other gods and goddesses, she wore the black eye makeup around her eyes and on her eyebrows which is known as "kohl", which showed her high ranking status.

The chief judge in charge of the Egyptian law courts was known as “The priest of Ma’at.” He began court hearings wearing the feather of Ma’at. The person that won his case got to have the feather of Ma’at. The guilty party had violated Ma’at, and it was assumed that he or she would suffer failure, poverty, sickness, blindness and deafness, with the final judgment waiting in the court of the dead. Tomb robbery was considered one of the worst crimes, and might involve 100 strokes of a cane, five bleeding cuts added or brands as a sign of permanent dishonor. Often, the entire family of the guilty suffered as well. When individuals were sentenced into exile, their children were automatically outlawed with them. Ma’at represented truth, order, balance and justice in the universe. This concept said that everyone, not including slaves, should be viewed as equals under the law. The king made sure that was carried out, and he/she would decide the case and the proper justice, maybe asking his viziers who often acted as judges. Even the lowliest fisherman was allowed to bring a legal case to the viziers.

All goddesses including Ma'at had power over the Egyptians, and different powers over the other gods. One of the powers Ma'at gave the gods was the ability to breathe air. Like the water of life, Ma'at's potion brought an afterlife after death to the peaceful and law-abiding people, but death to violent and cruel people. Ma'at was very powerful, but she still had limits to her powers. She could not make the sun travel through the sky like Ra could, she could not control the netherworld like Osiris could, and she could not make the stars shine like Nut could but she still had her own unique powers like her potion.

The Pharaohs prime task in governing was to uphold Ma’at and they often held seated images of Ma’at in their hand , which showed that the Pharaoh represented the divine order. The words “I have done Ma’at", were spoken by several Pharaohs and several others called themselves, “Beloved of Ma’at.” Even the gods were sometimes shown praising Ma’at. People were interested in how they could please her but they also were afraid of her. It was said that a small image of Ma’at was more pleasing to the gods than piles of rich offerings. It was also said that a little truth was more welcome than huge bribes.

There was only one temple for Ma'at in Karnak but she was still worshiped in all Egyptian temples. In every Egyptian temple one area was called the hall of two truths or the hall of Ma'at. In the hall of two truths Ma'at weighed a man's heart against the feather of truth to see if the man would have an afterlife or his heart would be eaten by, the devourer.

Ma'at as a principle was at least made into a set of laws, and expressed the idea of right and wrong based on truth and a respect for and adherence to a divine order believed to be set forth at the time of the world's creation. 

The doctrine of Ma'at is represented in the declarations to Rekhti-merti-f-ent-Ma'at and the 42 negative affirmations listed in the Papyrus of Ani:



Sermon on the Mount

According to the Bible, the Sermon on the Mount was a speech that Jesus of Nazareth gave to his followers and a large group of people around AD 30. Jesus gave the speech on the side of a mountain. The most popular part of the speech is the Beatitudes, which are at the beginning. The Sermon also contains the Lord's Prayer. Other popular lines from the Sermon on the Mount are "turn the other cheek," "salt of the Earth," "light of the world," and "judge not, that ye be not judged." 

Many Christians believe the Sermon on the Mount is related to the Ten Commandments. They believe that both are very important in explaining how Christians should act towards others. In choosing the mountain as the setting for this sermon, Jesus may have meant to show how His teachings were similar to those of Moses who brought the Ten Commandments down from Mount Sinai. 

One of the most important debates over the sermon is how it should be applied to everyday life. Almost all Christian groups have created their own ways to understand and use the Sermon in their lives. In a book called "Understanding the Sermon on the Mount", Harvey McArthur lists twelve different views about the Sermon.

The "absolutist view" says that people should do exactly what Jesus said in the Sermon, all the time. If doing this puts a person in danger, then that is what the person needs to do to be saved. 

People who believed this included:
Churches which believe this view include:

In ancient times, people would "modify (change) the text" of the Sermon to make it more popular. For example, in the Bible, Matthew 5:22 was changed from "[anyone who] is angry with his brother shall be in danger of the judgment" to "[anyone who] is angry with his brother "without a cause" shall be in danger of the judgment." 

In recent centuries, it has been more common to change the words in the Sermon, to take out parts that people would have trouble accepting. Almost every major Christian writer has made changes like this at some point. This view is not supported by any specific Christian denomination.

One of the most common views is the "hyperbole view". It says that Jesus used hyperbole (which means he exaggerated) in parts of the Sermon. People who believe this think Jesus's teachings need to be made more realistic if they are going to be used in the real world. Most people agree that there is some hyperbole in the Sermon, but they argue about which parts are hyperbole. 

The "general principles view" says that Jesus was not giving instructions (telling people exactly how to act). Instead, he was giving examples of how a person should behave.

The "double standard view" says that part of Jesus's teachings are general ideas about how to act, and some are instructions. To be saved, most people just have to follow the general ideas about how to act. Only a small number of holy people, like the clergy and monks, have to follow the instructions.

People who believed this view included:
The Roman Catholic Church believes in the double standard view.

Martin Luther did not believe the Catholic ideas about the Sermon. He created the "two realms view". Luther divided the world into two realms, or sections: the religious realm, and the secular (non-religious) realm. He thought the Sermon only applied to the religious part of life. In the everyday world, people might have to do things the Sermon said they should not do. For example, in his secular job, a judge might have to punish a criminal instead of forgiving him. However, as a religious man, the judge should still feel sorry for what happens to the criminal.

The "analogy of scripture view" says that when the New Testament was written, parts of the Sermon got changed. For example, Jesus said that it was wrong to make an oath. However, in the New Testament, Paul uses oaths at least twice.

The "attitudes not acts" view says that in the Sermon, Jesus was only telling people what he would do himself. He was not telling other people what they had to do to be good Christians.

Wilhelm Hermann created this view in the nineteenth century.

The "interim ethic view" says that when Jesus gave the Sermon, he thought the world was going to end very soon. Because of this, his teachings were only meant for that short time.

Albert Schweitzer created this view.

The "unconditional divine will view" says that Jesus meant for people to do exactly what he said and follow the ethics he talked about in the Sermon. However, with the way the world is now, people cannot do this. People try to follow the ethics from the Sermon, but they will always fail. This will change when the Kingdom of Heaven comes back to the world. At that time everyone will be able to live the way God wants.

Martin Sibelius, a German philosopher, created this view in the twentieth century.

The "repentance view" says that Jesus knew people would not be able to follow his teachings. People would try to follow them, but fail. This would teach them to repent. In this way, people would come to have faith in the Gospel.

Dispensationalism divides human history into separate groups. This view says that today, we live in a time where we cannot live up to the Sermon's teachings. However, sometime in the future, we will be able to. When that time comes, people will have to follow the Sermon's teachings to get salvation.

E. Earle Ellis, a professor of theology, says that in the Sermon, Jesus is asking believers to live in a way that will be normal in the future kingdom of God. Ellis says, we are to speak Jesus' words, think his thoughts, and do his deeds. Since this will be the ethic of the future kingdom of God, people should live their lives in a way that will help them be ready to live in God's kingdom.

In a book called "Hiram Key", Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas say the Sermon on the Mount never happened. Knight thinks that Matthew 'stuck all kinds of passages together as though they were spoken one after another to a crowd on a mountain top.' He believes that 'the teachings were drafted into this one 'occasion' to avoid interrupting the flow of the overall story.'


Irmo, South Carolina

Irmo is a town 12 miles outside of Columbia, South Carolina. There were 11,569 people living in Irmo as of the year 2020.

Irmo is found at (34.092629, -81.186073).

The United States Census Bureau says the town has an area of 17.8 km² (6.9 mi²). There is no water in that area.

Irmo is home to the annual Okra Strut .

Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad. The strange name of Irmo was the result of putting together the names of Captain C.J. Iredell and Henry Moseley, two important figures in the founding of the town. The town of Irmo does not have an actual downtown area. It is only several clusters of suburban neighborhoods.


Mediterranean climate

A Mediterranean climate is a climate that has dry summers that are mild to hot as well as winters that are mild to cool with moderate or high rainfall. It includes the climate of much of the land near the Mediterranean Sea. Outside the Mediterranean, one can find this climate only in rather small areas. It is found in many places that are roughly between latitudes 30° to 45° north and south of the equator.

In the Köppen climate classification, it is split between hot-summer Mediterranean ("Csa"), warm-summer Mediterranean ("Csb") and cool-summer Mediterranean ("Csc"). Examples of "Csa" are Rome, Lisbon and Adelaide. Examples of "Csb" are Porto, Cape Town and San Francisco. "Csc" only occurs at very high altitude.

Besides the Mediterranean Basin, regions which have a Mediterranean climate include the coastal areas of the Western United States, down to Los Angeles, the Western Cape in South Africa, central Chile, southern Western Australia and the coastal areas of South Australia.


Hans Richter

Hans Richter (born as Raab (now Györ) 4 April 1843; died Bayreuth 5 December 1916) was an Austro-Hungarian conductor. His name was originally János Richter.

Richter came from a musical family and studied violin, horn and music theory at the Vienna Conservatory. He became famous for his conducting of the music of Richard Wagner, Anton Bruckner and Johannes Brahms.

Richter helped Wagner to prepare the printed musical scores of "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" and the four operas in the cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen". He conducted a lot in Vienna and at the Bayreuth Opera House which Wagner had built for the performance of his own operas.

Later he became very popular in England and lived in Manchester. He was conductor of the Hallé Orchestra and director of the Birmingham Music Festival. He conducted German operas at Covent Garden and in 1909 he conducted Wagner’s Ring cycle which was being performed in English for the first time.

When he retired he lived in Bayreuth until his death.

Richter helped the English audiences to get to know the music of Wagner, Dvořák and Elgar. Elgar dedicated his "First Symphony" to Hans Richter, describing him as a “true artist and true friend”.

Thylacine

The thylacine (Thylacinus cynocephalus) is an extinct species of mammal. It was a carnivorous marsupial animal. The Thylacine was also known as Tasmanian tiger, Tasmanian wolf and Tasmanian hyena. The last known Thylacine died in a Hobart zoo on 7 September 1936. They once lived across Australia and New Guinea. There are paintings of the animals in the north of Western Australia, and in the Northern Territory. At Riversleigh in north Queensland, scientists have discovered the fossil bones of thylacines that are at least 30 million years old.

Thylacines were common across Australia. Fossil remains have been found in Queensland, paintings have been found in Western Australia, and a mummified body was found in cave on the Nullabor Plain in South Australia. The body was dated as being 4,650 years old. The thylacine began to disappear from the Australian mainland about 5,000 years ago. This is about the same time as the arrival in Australia of the dingo. Because of rising sea levels 10,000 years ago, Tasmania was separated from the Australian mainland by Bass Strait which the dingo never crossed. By the time Europeans came to Australia in 1788, the Thylacine was only living in Tasmania.

Sailors on Abel Tasman's ship in November 1642 reported seeing "tiger" footprints. The French explorer, Antoine Bruni d'Entrecasteaux, found a thylacine jaw bone in 1792. On May 13, 1792, he made the first confirmed sighting, which was described as being the size of a large dog, streaked with black. In 1805, Lieutenant Governor Paterson sent a description of a thylacine to Sydney. He said the animal was rare and uncommon.

Thylacines were hunted because farmers said they were killing sheep. The Tasmanian government gave money to farmers for each thylacine they killed. The last thylacine shot and killed was at Mawbanna, Tasmania, on 13 May, 1930, by farmer Wilfred Batty. The government brought in laws to protect them a few months before the last one died. They are now extinct, which means there are no thylacines left alive anywhere in the world.

The Thylacine was about 1.8 metres (71 inches) long and its tail was up to 53 cms (21 inches) long. It would have been about 58 centimetres (23 inches) tall and could be up to 30 kilograms (66 pounds) in weight. It was gray and brown in colour with 16 black or brown stripes on its back. It had the same shape as a dog, but the back, rump and tail were more like a kangaroo. Its tail was quite stiff. It had very short legs. It had teeth like a dog, but with more incisor teeth. The thylacine was able to open its mouth about 120 degrees. 

The thylacine was a nocturnal (night) hunting animal. They ate wallabies, rats, birds, echidnas, rabbits and sheep.

The thylacines were marsupials, which means the female carried the babies in a pouch. The pouch opened to the rear.


Rock Against Communism

Rock Against Communism (RAC) is a type of rock music. It started as a series of Neo-Nazi concerts in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s and 1980s. The first RAC concert was in Leeds, England in 1978.




List of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movies

This is a selected list of feature movies made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.











Zoo Tycoon 2

Zoo Tycoon 2 is a 2004 simulation computer game. In the game, the player must create and run a zoo. This is done by managing its finances, employees and animal exhibits. The goal is to become a "zoo tycoon".

The game is a sequel the 2001 game "Zoo Tycoon". Six expansion packs have been created for the game. The latest is "Zoo Tycoon 2: Extinct Animals".

Zoo Tycoon

Zoo Tycoon is a simulation computer game. It was developed by Blue Fang Games and released by Microsoft Game Studios. It is a game in which the player must run a business, in this case a zoo, and try to earn money. "Zoo Tycoon" was followed by "Zoo Tycoon 2" in 2004.

Chapel

A chapel is a place for Christian worship. The word is used in several different ways. Generally, a chapel is a place of worship that is not a church which belongs to a parish in a village or town, but is more private or has a special purpose. 
Some large houses and palaces have their own private chapel where the family and the servants of the house can worship.

Usually these chapels are small. As well as being used for prayers, the chapel might also hold the graves of members of the family, or else have memorials and statues around the walls.

Famous small family chapels are at Haddon Hall in Derbyshire and in the "Riccardi Medici Palace" in Florence. This small chapel has famous frescoes of the Three Kings by Benozzo Gozzoli.
Some private chapels are as large as very large churches. Because these large chapels can only be built by very rich people, they often have magnificent architecture or very rich decoration.

Some of the most famous large private chapels are St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, the Chapel Royal at Versailles Palace and the Sistine Chapel at the Vatican Palace. The Sistine Chapel is the chapel of the popes and is famous for its ceiling painted by Michelangelo. 
Many universities, colleges, schools, law courts, hospitals and prisons have their own chapels. These might be a grand and beautiful building like the Eton College Chapel, or just a small room that is set aside for prayer.

At many schools, Chapel Service is an important part of the week, when the whole school gets together to pray and to sing hymns. Sometimes a big important church or cathedral might also act as a chapel. Oxford Cathedral is the chapel for Christ Church College of the University of Oxford. St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney acts as the chapel to 900 pupils of the cathedral school.

A monastery or a convent generally has a chapel where the monks or nuns can worship. This might be a private chapel, just the right size for the people at the monastery, or it might be a big church that serves a village or town as well, or even a cathedral for the whole region.

Many cathedrals show evidence that they were once used by monks as well as the town people. One of the signs is a large stone screen that divides the church into two areas. Often these churches have a lot of small chapels because the monks or nuns would each say private prayers in one of the small chapels every day.

From the Middle Ages, rich families would often give money to a church or cathedral so that a family chapel could be built attached to the church. There were several reasons for this. The family might want a place where they could pray privately outsde the regular service time. They might want to give thanks to God that a member of the family had been healed or rescued. They might want to bury dead family members and have prayers said every day. They might want to give honour to a particular saint. They might want to avoid taxation by spending a lot of money quickly. They might want to beautify their favorite church and make it bigger. They might want to make something beautiful that the whole town can use.

Whatever the reason might be, there are a great number of family chapels attached to old churches, all over Europe. The Church of Santa Croce in Florence is famous for its many chapels named after important Florentine families. One of the most famous chapels of this type is the one built by Henry VIII to bury his father at Westminster Abbey. 
Many chapels have a special purpose in the church. One of the most important uses for a small chapel within a church is to store the Sacrament, the wine and bread or wafer which is used for Holy Communion. Some chapels are designed to remind worshippers of a particular part of the "Life of Christ", particularly the Crucifixion or Resurrection, or celebrate a certain Feast Day in the Church Year, such as the "Assumption of the Virgin".

Other chapels might hold the relics of a saint or a precious painting or statue of a particular saint such as Saint Anthony of Padua, Saint Francis of Assisi or Saint Patrick.

It is usual for the armed services and other similar organisations to have special chapels at churches or cathedrals.

Most cathedrals have a chapel especially to remember local people who have served their country and perhaps died in a war. The chapel might have the "colours" or flags of the local regiment. Services may be held regularly, or on special days to remember a particular battle or a particular hero. 
In many Protestant churches, the places where people gather for prayer and services are called "chapels" rather than churches. This is sometimes because the "pastors" of the congregation were not accepted as priests by the Roman Catholic or Anglican churches, or because they were set up in places where there was no priest to take services.

These are chapels built specially for the use of travellers who can drop in as they are passing by. They may be found in busy market places, deep in forests, on lonely mountain roads, and nowadays, at airports.

These chapels are found at cemeteries. Sometimes they are owned by a particular family and contain the tombs of family members, but in most large modern cemeteries the chapels are multi-denominational, meaning that they are for people of different Christian churches, and are used specifically for funeral services.



Clandestine chemistry

Clandestine chemistry is chemistry that occurs in a lab that is used for making illegal drugs, usually using unsafe equipment. The use of this unsafe laboratory equipment will sometimes result in explosions, fires or heavy flows of noxious fumes. Meth labs are the main form of clandestine laboratories and are used for making methamphetamine (Crystal Meth), a kind of illegal drug. "Clandestine" means "secret". 

Flask

A flask is a type of container made of glass. They are a common piece of apparatus used in laboratories. Their size are chosen by the volume they can hold, and is measured in metric units, like litres (L) or millilitres (mL). Their shape depends on what they are used for, but they usually consist of a wider body, which contains the materials, and a more narrow neck with an opening at the top. The opening is the way to insert materials into the body. Some flasks have more than one neck and opening at the top.

Flasks are used to contain substances. They are usually made of glass or borosilicate glass (Pyrex). This is to ensure that the substances inside the flask do not react with the flask itself, due to the volatile nature of many chemicals (such as hydrochloric acid), They can be used to heat a substance. There are many different types of laboratory flasks. They differ in their shape and what they are used for. The most common types of flask are:

Flasks can be used to make and hold solutions, to measure chemicals, and to contain chemical reactions like boiling, precipitation and analysis.

Ebermannstadt

Ebermannstadt is a German town in the district of Forchheim, Bavaria, Germany. The population of the town is about 7,000. The next largest cities are: Forchheim, Bayreuth, Bamberg, Kulmbach and Erlangen. The city parts of Ebermannstadt are:

Franks

The Franks or the Frankish peoples were one of several west Germanic federations of tribes. It was formed out of Germanic tribes: Salians, Sicambri, Chamavi, Tencteri, Chattuarii, Bructeri, Usipetes, Ampsivarii, Chatti. Most of them lived at the northern borders of the Rhine.

They entered the late Roman Empire from the north and east river bank of the Rhine into modern northern Belgium and southern Netherlands. Later invasions conquered and established a lasting kingdom in an area which eventually covered most of modern-day France, Belgium, the Netherlands, and the western regions of Germany. When the pagan Frankish king Clovis became Christian in the late 5th century that was an important event in the history of Europe.

Modern scholars of the period of the migrations are in agreement that the Frankish confederacy emerged at the beginning of the third century. A region in the northeast of the modern-day Netherlands – north of the erstwhile Roman border – still bears the name Salland, and may have received that name from the Salians, who formed the core of the Frankish sea raiders.

From their heartland, the Franks gradually conquered most of Roman Gaul north of the Loire valley and east of Visigothic Aquitaine. At first they helped defend the border as allies; for example, when a major invasion of mostly East Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in 406, the Franks fought against these invaders. In the region of Paris, Roman control persisted until 486, a decade after the fall of the emperors of Ravenna, in part due to alliances with the Franks.

In 451, Aëtius called upon his Germanic allies on Roman soil to help fight off an invasion by Attila the Hun. The Salian Franks answered the call; the Ripuarian Franks fought on both sides as some of them lived outside the Empire. The Merovingians had governors who lead the Franks to war and had many governing responsibilities.

The Carolingian kingship begins with the deposition of the last Merovingian king, and the accession in 751 of Pippin the Short, father of Charlemagne.

Pippin reigned as an elected king. While in later France the kingdom became hereditary, the kings of the later Holy Roman Empire proved unable to abolish the elective tradition and continued as elected rulers until the Empire's formal end in 1806.

In 768 Charlemagne (Charles the Great), a powerful, intelligent, and modestly literate figure who became a legend for the later history of both France and Germany. Charles restored an equal balance between emperor and pope.

From 772 onwards, Charles conquered and eventually defeated the Saxons to incorporate their realm into the Frankish kingdom. 
Then (773–774), he conquered the Lombards and thus could include northern Italy in his sphere of influence. He renewed the Vatican donation and the promise to the papacy of continued Frankish protection.

Charles created a realm that reached from the Pyrenees in the southwest (actually, including an area in Northern Spain ("Marca Hispanica") after 795) over almost all of today's France (except Brittany, which the Franks never conquered) eastwards to most of today's Germany, including northern Italy and today's Austria. 
On Christmas Day, 800, Pope Leo III crowned Charles as "Emperor of the Romans" in Rome. Though Charles preferred the title "Emperor, king of the Franks and Lombards", as he did not want to get in conflict with the Byzantine Empire, the Frankish Empire became the successor of the (Western) Roman Empire. Charles died on January 28, 814 in Aachen, where was buried.

Charles had several sons, but only one survived him. This son, Louis the Pious, followed his father as the ruler of a united Empire. When Louis died in 840, the Treaty of Verdun in 843 divided the Empire in three:



Franks (disambiguation)

The Franks are medieval Germanic tribes.

Franks may also refer to: 

Franks is a surname:

Franks may also be an alternative spelling or mistranslation of:


Zebra mussel

The zebra mussel is a small shellfish. It is a bivalve mollusc, a type called a mussel.

Color patterns vary, with only dark or colored shells or no stripes. They are typically found attached to objects, surfaces, or each other by threads underneath the shells. Although similar in appearance to the quagga mussel, the two species can be easily distinguished. When placed on a surface zebra mussels are stable on their flattened underside while quagga mussels, lacking a flat underside, will fall over. 

These musssels spread rapidly by sticking to boats. They spread by this passive method to many places where they have no natural predators. That explains their huge growth in numbers.

Zebra mussels are a problem in Northern America's Great Lakes region because they reproduce fast. They colonize water supply pipes of hydroelectric and nuclear power plants, public water supply plants, and industrial facilities. As a result, they clog water sources. They colonize pipes constricting flow, therefore reducing the intake in heat exchangers, condensers, fire fighting equipment, and air conditioning and cooling systems. It is estimated that zebra mussels will continue to populate the Great Lakes and even enter the Mississippi River region. 

San Marcos, Texas

San Marcos is a city in central Texas. Texas State University-San Marcos is there. It is in the Interstate 35 corridor, between Austin and San Antonio.

In 2013 and 2014, the United States Census Bureau named it the fastest-growing city in the United States. In December 2013, it was named #9 on "Business Insider"'s list of the "10 Most Exciting Small Cities In America."

Bar (music)

A bar or measure is used in writing music. It is a way of organizing the written music in small sections. Each bar is a small amount of time. Most music has a regular beat (or pulse) which can be felt. Each bar usually has the same number of beats in it. Music that feels like 1-2-3-4-1-2-3-4 will be divided into bars with four beats worth of music in each bar.

The bar line (or barline) is a vertical line written in the music which separates the bars. 

At the beginning of a piece of music there will be a time signature. The top number shows how many beats there are in each bar. The time signature tells you how long each measure is. 

A double bar does not mean "two bars". It is two single bar lines drawn close together. These are simply ways of visually dividing the music into sections. A double bar line can be written with one being thicker than the other. This double bar line shows the end of a piece of music.

If there are two dots on the left of the double bar line, this is a repeat sign. The player should go back to the beginning and start again. If the composer only wants the performer to repeat a section of the music, and not go back to the beginning, they can put in a "start repeat" sign. This is a double bar line with two dots on the right.

The first beat of a bar feels stronger than the others. When a conductor beats time, his hand (or baton) always goes DOWN for the first beat of the bar. This feels strong. The last beat of a bar is an "upbeat" because the conductor's hand always goes up.

Barlines have been used since around 1600.

Rostov

Rostov (Russian: Росто́в; Old Norse: Rostofa) is one of the oldest towns in Russia. It was first mentioned in the year 862 as an already important town. By the 13th century Rostov became the capital of an important area.

Now it is an important tourist centre of the so-called Golden Ring. It is located on the shores of Lake Nero in Yaroslavl Oblast. About 35,300 people lived there in 2002.

While the official name of the town is Rostov, it is better known to Russians as Rostov Veliky, i.e. "Rostov the Great". This name is used to distinguish it from Rostov on Don, which is now a much larger city. Rostov Yaroslavsky is the official name of its railway station (due to its position in Yaroslavl Oblast), but not of the town itself.

Alaskan king crab fishing

Alaskan king crab fishing is an event done in the winter in the Bering Sea near Alaska. People fish for many King Crabs. The crabbers fish from boats between 40 and 250 feet (13-75m) in length. They throw steel cages, called pots, over the side of the boat, and the crabs are lured to bait placed in them. When the pots have been on the bottom of the sea long enough they are pulled back onto the boat using a special kind of crane. The crabs in the pots are examined and crabs that are not good enough are put back into the ocean and the rest are put into a tank. When the ship gets back to the shore, the crabs are sold to stores around the world for eating. 

The people working on the boat are paid a lot of money. The amount of money can be from nothing to tens of thousands of dollars depending on how many crab the fishermen caught. Alaskan crab fishing is one of the USA's most dangerous jobs. Because of the big waves and dangerous boats the fishermen work on, some people die every year.

To show people how dangerous crab fishing is, the Discovery Channel made a series called Deadliest Catch about the fishermen. And they also catch a lot of Crabs.

Ocean acidification threatens crabs.

The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass

The games story happens after "The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker"'s story. The player plays as the main character of the Zelda games, Link. The game will let the player sail around a Ocean using a boat. The game also has an online mode.

Link (The Legend of Zelda)

Link is the main character from "The Legend of Zelda" series.
The game franchise was created by Shigeru Miyamoto. 47 million copies of the game have been sold since 2007. 

Link wears a green shirt and a long, floppy green hat on his head. In the Legend of Zelda games, the player must use Link to fight against evil, especially Ganondorf. Although Link is the main character in the game, he never speaks (he does speak in the Legend of Zelda CD-I games). He is also left-handed, and has large ears, like most Hylians. He has also appeared in all 6 of the "Super Smash Bros." games. Link mainly used a sword and a shield but he is able to use a large number of weapons like bombs, bow, hammer or a boomerang and the hook shot.

Link has been in many GameFAQs "Character Battle" contests and is the only character to have won more than once. In one of IGN's 2007 "Hero Showdowns", Link was voted the favorite over Cloud Strife. Link ranked first on GameDaily's Top 10 Smash Bros. characters list. IGN asked its readers to vote for their favorite Nintendo character in which Link came first.

Solar power station in Victoria

A big new Solar power station in Victoria is planned. 

A company called Solar Systems has announced a large 154 MW photovoltaic (PV) solar power station for north-western Victoria. The A$420 million project will provide enough electricity for more than 45,000 homes. It will create jobs and will also reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Full completion is expected in 2013, with the first stage to be finished by 2010. 

Four smaller solar power stations have already been built in central Australia.



Waldpolenz Solar Park

Waldpolenz Solar Park, is a photovoltaic (PV) power plant, to the east of Leipzig in Germany. The power plant is a 40-megawatt solar power system using new technology. It is in the Muldentalkreis district in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany. The investment cost for the Waldpolenz solar park amounts to some Euro 130 million.



Masaccio

Masaccio (, , ; December 21, 1401 – summer 1428), born Tommaso di Ser Giovanni di Simone, was a famous painter of the Italian Renaissance. He worked in Florence. "Masaccio" was a nickname that meant "Fat Untidy Tom". He lived a very short life and only a few of his paintings exist, but they were so different to the style of other artists around him that they helped other painters to see things in a new way.

Masaccio was born on 21 December, 1401, in the town of San Giovanni Valdarno, in the valley of the Arno River, near Florence. He was the son of a "notary", a person who writes legal documents. His older brother became a painter and moved to Florence to the workshop of a painter called Bicci di Lorenzo. It is not known for certain, but it is thought that Masaccio may have trained at the same workshop. Masaccio's brother was nicknamed "Lo Scheggia" which means "The Splinter", so it is thought that he was a skinny as Masaccio.

In 1422, when he was 21, Masaccio was already known as a painter, because he joined the "Company of Saint Luke", which was a guild that helped artists and set down the rules for their employment.

The earliest known painting by Masaccio is the "San Giovenale Triptych", dating from 1422. A "triptych" is a painting in three parts, most often used as an altarpiece. This altarpiece has in the middle panel the Virgin Mary and Christ Child on a throne. The wings, or side panels, each show two saints. Kneeling in front of the Virgin Mary are two little angels. One of the things that makes this painting different from most other paintings of the same time is that the angels are shown from the back. Their position is an invitation for the viewer to kneel down and worship the Virgin and Child as well. Masaccio used this way of making the viewer feel part of the scene in many of his paintings.

The plump solemn Baby Jesus with his fingers in his mouth, the three-dimensional look of the figures and the lack of rich decoration make this picture look very different from most other altarpieces of this time, which were painted in a style called International Gothic.

In April 1422 an event took place in Florence that was to be important in Masaccio's life. A new church was opened, and there was a grand procession and feast to celebrate. The church was Santa Maria del Carmine and Masaccio went along with his good friends, the sculptor Donatello, the architect Brunelleschi and the painter Masolino.

After the feast day, it seems that Masaccio went to Rome, probably with his friends. Brunelleschi and Donatello like to spend a lot of time poking around among the ruins of Ancient Rome. It is believed that on this trip Masaccio also spent a lot of time poking around in the ruins. What he saw were the sculptures of a previous age- more lifelike and realistic than anything that he had ever seen before. Many of the sculptures showed pocessions of figures, but each figure was different from the next, so that they all looked like real "individual" people.

When Masaccio returned to Florence he was given a job, a "commission" to paint a fresco of the procession that had taken place for the opening of the new church. Masaccio was inspired by what he had seen in Rome. 
The writer Vasari, who must have seen the picture before it was destroyed in the late 1500s, wrote that the people were in rows that were five or six deep, but painted in such a way that they were all different, fat ones and thin ones, tall ones and short ones, some in long cloaks, some in big hats, and every single one was a portrait of a real person who lived in Florence at the time. And of course, Masaccio put his friends Brunelleschi, Donatello and Masolino into the picture. Luckily, several artists made drawings at some time in the 1500s, so part of the design has been recorded, even though the painting itself has gone.

In the Uffizi Gallery in Florence is an altarpiece that shows the Madonna and Child with Saint Anne. The Madonna and Child are seated on a throne, as is usual. Saint Anne, who was the mother of the Virgin Mary, is shown standing behind Mary with one hand on her daughter's shoulder and the other hand above the head of the Baby Jesus in a sign of blessing. The painting may have been done for a convent of nuns who honoured Saint Anne.

It is believed that this painting is a "collaboration"; that two artists worked on it together. It is believed by Art Historians that Masaccio painted Mary and Jesus and the angel near the top right. It is believed that Saint Anne and the other four angels were painted by Masolino.

Masolino was 17 years older than Masaccio. His name was Tommaso da Panicale, so when the two began to work together, they were known as Masaccio and Masolino, which means "Little Tom". Those are the names by which they are remembered as painters.

"The Brancacci Chapel" is a large chapel at the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine where Masaccio had previously worked painting the procession. It was sponsored by the Brancacci family who paid for its decoration. There are no written records to show why or how it happened, but it seems that Masaccio and Masolino were given the job together. At first everything went very well and then things went very badly. It looked as if the job would never be finished. In fact, it is lucky that the paintings in the chapel survived at all.

The job seems to have started in 1423 or 1424 but this is not certain. The plan of the paintings was to show firstly how Sin came into the world through the disobedience of Adam and Eve. A painting by Masolino shows their disobedience in taking fruit from the forbidden tree. A painting opposite it by Masaccio shows Adam and Eve in disgrace, being chased out of the Garden of Eden. The rest of the paintings show "The Life of Saint Peter". This is because Saint Peter was the founder of the Catholic Church and the paintings were meant to show that the best way to know about God's love is through the Church.

It seems that Masaccio and Masolino happily planned a scheme of frescoes that went together is a pleasing way, even though they are in two styles. It is not hard to tell which scenes Masolino painted and which were done by Masaccio. Masolino's are prettier and more elegant. Masaccio's scenes show figures that are strong and have drapes like the statues that he saw in Rome. The thing that was most different in his painting to other artists of the same time was that the figures looked very solid and three-dimensional. He was influenced by the paintings of Giotto who had worked in Florence at the "Church of Santa Croce" nearly a hundred years earlier, but whose style of painting had given way to the International Gothic style.
Apart from the "Adam and Eve" scenes, which are the smallest of the pictures, the most famous is Masaccio's picture of "The Tribute Money". This large picture is set partly against a background of mountains and a lake, and partly against the background of a town which is similar to Florence. There are three scenes from the story. In the centre of the picture is a large group, Jesus and his twelve disciples. A tax collector has come to ask for a payment, but none of the men have any money. Jesus tells Peter to go fishing in the lake. Peter looks rather annoyed, wondering what good it will do. To the left, the small figure of Peter is kneeling at the edge of the lake with a fish he has caught. Inside the fish is a coin. To the right side of the picture, Peter is shown giving the coin to the tax collector. He no longer looks argumentative. Instead, he looks humble. Masaccio has expertly shown the feelings of the characters, not only by their faces, but also through body language.

Neither Masaccio nor Masolino were able to work on the frescoes continuously, as they both kept getting other jobs to attend to. In 1428 Masaccio was asked to go to Rome to paint an altarpiece for one of the most important and ancient churches, Santa Maria Maggiore. He only painted one panel, "Saint Jerome and Saint John the Baptist", before he died at the age of 27 years. Masolino and perhaps another artist, Domenico Veneziano worked on, and finished the altarpiece, which was later broken into pieces and scattered to galleries in different countries. Masaccio's panel is in the National Gallery, London.

Masolino lived for another 19 years, but he never went back to finish the Brancacci frescoes. The Brancacci family fell into disgrace and were chased out of Florence. One of Masaccio's pictures was attacked because it had portraits of some of the Brancacci family in it. Some 50 years later, in the 1480s, all the scenes that remained incomplete or not begun were painted by Filippino Lippi, who tried to respect the styles that Masaccio and Masolino had used before him.

The chapel, which was dedicated to Saint Peter, was re-dedicated to "Our Lady of the Common People" and to her honour a magnificent ancient altarpiece by Coppo di Marcovaldo, dating from about 1280 was put into place. Because this image of the Virgin Mary was said to work miracles, many hundreds of candles were lit in front of it which soon stained the frescoes so that their bright colours could no longer be seen. Eventually the painting was moved to a different church. Then part of the roof fell in and had to be replaced. More damage was done in re-decorating. In 1680 the Marquis Francesco Ferroni decided that the paintings were too old-fashioned and should all be pulled down. Luckily the Grand Duchess Vittoria della Rovere stopped this from happening. In 1734 a painter called Antonio Pillori cleaned the frescoes. Then in the 1770, there was a fire in the church, causing worse staining and some damage to the frescoes. (Luckily the precious altarpiece had been moved.)

In recent years there have been four interesting discoveries. During a minor cleaning in 1904 two slabs of marble near the altar were moved. Underneath were the bright colours that showed what the frescoes should look like. Examination of the areas where two windows had been changed showed the plans for two paintings that had been destroyed. The final discoveries in the chapel itself were two painted "roundels" with little angel faces in them, one by Masaccio and one by Masolino.

There was a problem to be solved in the minds of some art historians. Despite these interesting findings, there was a scene missing from the story of Saint Peter. It is the scene where Jesus says "You are Peter, and on this Rock I build my Church." This part of the story is of the greatest importance to the Roman Catholic Church because Peter was the first Bishop of Rome, and so the Pope rules as his direct line. The scene is usually shown by Jesus giving Peter the "Keys of Heaven". "The Keys", for hundreds of years, have been the symbol of the Pope. But the story of "the Keys" is completely missing.

Then, in the 1940s, John Pope-Hennessy, the director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, realised that the museum owned a work of art that was exactly the thing that was missing from the Brancacci Chapel. It was a thin, almost flat marble slab delicately carved with the scene of Jesus giving "the Keys" to Peter. It was just the right size to make the front of an altar. And although it could not be proved, it was almost certainly carved by Masaccio's friend, Donatello.
At some time while he was working on the "Brancacci Chapel", Masaccio painted a fresco for another church in Florence, "Santa Maria Novella", the church of the Dominican Order. This is a very remarkable painting and one of Masaccio's most famous. It shows the "Holy Trinity", (or God in three parts). God is shown as the eternal Creator, as the humble Sacrifice in Jesus on the Cross and as the inspiring Spirit. On either side of the Cross stand the Virgin Mary and Saint John. The two kneeling figures are the family who paid for the painting.

Masaccio has painted this very holy scene as if it was taking place in a deep recess or small chapel in the wall of the church. He has done this by using very accurate perspective. It is believed that the architect Brunelleschi may have helped him with this, as the painted architecture looks very much like buildings that Brunelleschi designed.
RealJonWills

Vasari writes that Masaccio was not very famous in his own time. In 1440 his body was brought home to Florence and buried at Santa Maria del Carmine but no monument was put up in his honour. Shortly afterwards people began to honour him as a painter. Michelangelo and many other painters and sculptors went to the "Brancacci Chapel" to study Masaccio's paintings. His influence can be seen in the paintings of Fra Angelico, Piero della Francesca, Ghirlandaio and particularly Michelangelo.



Wind power in Germany

Germany is the world's biggest user of wind power with an installed capacity of 20,621MW in 2006, ahead of Spain which had 11,615MW. There are 18,000 wind turbines in Germany. The country plans to build more.


Wind power in Denmark

After the world's oil crises in the 1970s, Denmark started to develop wind power. In 1988, two years after the Chernobyl disaster, the Danes passed a law forbidding the construction of nuclear power plants.

The Danes were pioneers in developing commercial wind power during the 1970s and today almost half of the wind turbines around the world are produced by Danish manufacturers such as Vestas.

Wind power in Denmark provided 30% of the electricity produced in Denmark in 2012, and cumulative installed capacity over recent years is shown in the Table below.

Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark.
Sources: Global Wind 2005 Report, p.7 <br>Global Wind 2006 Report, p.9 



Don (river)

The Don (Дон) is one of the major rivers of Russia. It starts in the town of Novomoskovsk 60 km southeast from Tula, southeast of Moscow, and flows for a distance of about 1,870 km (1,162 miles) to the Sea of Azov.

From its source, the river first flows southeast to Voronezh, then southwest to its mouth. The main city on the river is Rostov on Don, its main tributary, the Donets.

In antiquity, the river was seen as the border between Europe and Asia. In the Hebrew Book of Jubilees, it is mentioned as being part of the border, beginning with its westernmost point up to its mouth, between the allotment of Japheth to the north and that of Shem to the south, sons of Noah. During the times of the old Scythians it was known in Greek as the Tanaïs, and has been a major trading route ever since.

Tanais appears in ancient Greek sources as the name of the river and of a city on it in the Maeotian marshes. The name derives however from Scythian (Iranian) "Dānu" "river", akin to modern Ossetic "don" "river".

At its easternmost point, the Don comes near the Volga, and the Volga-Don Canal (length ca. 105 km (65 miles)), connecting both rivers, has been a major waterway. The Khazar fortress of Sarkel used to dominate this point in the Middle Ages. This part of the river saw Operation Uranus, one of the turning points of the Second World War.

The Don has given its name to the Don Cossacks who settled the fertile valley of the river in the 16th and 17th centuries. In modern literature, the Don figures centrally in the works of Mikhail Sholokhov, a Cossack from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya.

Grace Hopper

Grace Murray Hopper (December 9 1906 – January 1 1992) was an American computer scientist and United States Navy officer.

Hopper was born in New York, USA. Hopper graduated from Vassar College in 1928 and Yale University in 1934 with a Ph.D degree in mathematics. She joined the US Navy during World War II in 1943. She worked on computers in the Navy for 43 years. She then worked in other private industry companies after 1949. She retired from the Navy in 1986 and died on January 1, 1992. 

She was one of the first people to work with modern digital computers and the first programmers of the Harvard Mark I calculator. She developed the first compiler for a computer programming language.

She had the idea that programs could be written in a language that was close to English rather than in machine code or languages (such as assembly language) close to machine code, which is how it was normally done at that time. She led the work of COBOL language, which was based very much on her philosophy. It was successful since it was not copyrighted, so many programmers could use it. The spread of COBOL led to it becoming the universal language for business coding. It became used in government, industry, and commerce.

Hopper, a mathematician, was on the faculty at Vassar College when World War II began. She joined the Navy.  Hopper was assigned to the Bureau of Ordnance Computation Project to work on missile problems in 1943. The Navy began using one of the first electronic computers in 1944.

Hopper retired from the Navy in 1986. After the war, she was still interested in computers. Hopper worked at Remington Rand. She worked at Sperry Corporation later. She did not return to her teaching career after the war. She continued working on software for the other computers. She also served as an officer in the Naval Reserve. She worked on the UNIVAC, the first large-scale commercial computer. Hopper's work led to the development of the FLOW-MATIC. The  FLOW-MATIC was the first English-language data compiler. Hopper's work on FLOW-MATIC helped her later work with Common Business Oriented Language (COBOL). Hopper’s work translated the computer language into words we use that the computer will also understand.

Grace Murray Hopper died on January 1, 1992. She had retired from the navy six years before. 

A park in Arlington, Virginia is named in her honor. The U.S. Navy destroyer USS Hopper (DDG-70) was named for her.

On December 9, 2013, Google had an animation of Hopper for their Google Doodle.

Marin Alsop

Marin Alsop (born Manhattan, New York, October 16, 1956) is an American conductor.

Alsop went to Yale University and then got a master's degree from the Juilliard School in violin playing. She won the Koussevitzky Conducting Prize at the Tanglewood Music Center in 1989, where she studied with famous conductors such as Leonard Bernstein.

Alsop has conducted many of the world’s most famous orchestras. Since 2002 she has been the conductor of the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, and in 2007 she will become the conductor of the Baltimore Symphony. This will make her the first woman conductor of an important American orchestra.

Alsop has won many prizes and made lots of recordings. She has conducted and recorded many pieces by American composers, including the complete orchestral works of Samuel Barber.


Nevada Solar One

Nevada Solar One is the third biggest solar power plant in the world, generating 64MW. It was built in Boulder City, Nevada.

Nevada Solar One is a solar thermal power station and will use parabolic troughs, heating tubes of liquid (solar receivers). These solar receivers are specially coated tubes made of glass and steel.

Nevada Solar One also uses a technology that collects extra heat by putting it into phase-changing molten salts. This energy can then be drawn on at night.

Nevada Solar One started producing electricity in the June 2007.


Integrated pest management

In agriculture, Integrated Pest Management (IPM) is a pest control strategy. This strategy uses many different ways to deal with pests: natural predators and parasites, pest-resistant varieties of plants, cultural practices, biological controls, various physical techniques, and pesticides as a last resort. 

It is an ecological approach that can reduce or eliminate the use of pesticides.


Serpa solar power plant

Serpa solar power plant (also known as Hércules solar power plant) is a power plant found in Serpa, Portugal. It was begun in June 2006 and finished in January 2007. The plant consists of a photovoltaic system that uses silicon solar cell technology to convert sunlight directly into energy.
The Serpa solar power plant uses 52,000 photovoltaic modules manufactured by SunPower, Sanyo, and Sharp. The plant uses a new tracking system that follows the Sun's daily path across the sky.
Generating electricity from the sun with no fuel costs or emissions, the Serpa plant is on a 60-hectare (150-acre) hillside and is a model of clean power generation integrated with agriculture. The project saves more than 30,000 tons a year in greenhouse gas emissions compared to equivalent fossil fuel generation.

Indian Solar Loan Programme

The United Nation Environment Programme's Indian Solar Loan Programme has won the "World award for Sustainability" for helping to establish a householder loan program for solar home power systems.
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches, mainly in areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend.



Clovis I

Clovis I (variously spelled Chlodowech or Chlodwig, giving modern French "Louis" and modern German "Ludwig") (c. 466 – November 27, 511) was the first king of the Franks who united that nation. He succeeded his father Childeric I in 481 as King of the Salian Franks, one of two main groups of Frankish tribes, They were occupying the area west of the lower Rhine at that time, with their centre around Tournai and Cambrai along the modern frontier between France and Belgium. Clovis conquered the neighbouring Frankish tribes and established himself as sole king before his death.

Clovis converted to Catholicism, as opposed to the Arian Christianity that was common among Germanic peoples, because his wife, the Burgundian Clotilde, was a Catholic. He was baptized in the Cathedral of Reims. This act was very important in the following history of France and Western Europe in general, because he expanded his reign over almost all of the old Roman province of Gaul (roughly modern France). He is considered to be the founder both of France (which his state closely resembled geographically at his death) and the Merovingian dynasty, which ruled the Franks for the next two centuries.


Merovingian dynasty

The Merovingians were a dynasty of Frankish kings who ruled in the region of ancient Gaul (more or less modern France), from the fifth to the 8th century when the Carolingian dynasty took control.

They were sometimes referred to as the "long-haired kings" (Latin "reges criniti") by people of the time, for their symbolically uncut hair (traditionally the tribal leader of the Franks wore his hair long, while the warriors trimmed theirs short). The term is drawn directly from Germanic, akin to their dynasty's Old English name "Merewīowing".

The Merovingian dynasty owes its name to the semi-legendary Merovech (or Merowig, sometimes Latinised as "Meroveus" or "Merovius"), leader of the Salian Franks from c.447 to 457. Clovis I went on to unite most of Gaul north of the Loire under his control around 486, when he defeated Syagrius, the Roman ruler in those parts. 




Dale Earnhardt

Ralph Dale Earnhardt, Sr. (April 29, 1951 – February 18, 2001) was an American NASCAR driver. He is the father of race car driver Dale Earnhardt, Jr. He started Dale Earnhardt, Inc., also called DEI. Earnhardt died in a crash during the Daytona 500 in 2001. The accident happened a few seconds before his own son came second in that race, and a DEI car driven by Michael Waltrip won the race. He died because he was trying to hold everybody back so his son (Dale Earnhardt Jr.) could maybe win the race. While he was trying to do that, someone bumped his car, he lost control and crashed into the wall. After that they took him to the hospital and he died.

Earnhardt respected his father, who quit school in sixth grade, His father worked hard and started driving for NASCAR, eventually entering the NASCAR Hall-of-Fame.

Homelessness

Homelessness means people who do not have a place to stay. The word "homelessness" also includes people who sleep in warming centers, homeless shelters, or in abandoned buildings, parking garages, or other places not meant for humans to live in. Homelessness occurs for many reasons. It may happen when people or households are unable to buy or maintain housing they can afford. International human rights law includes the right to housing.

Homeless people live in many parts of the world including: San Francisco in California, Dublin in Ireland and Tallinn in Estonia.

In academic articles and government reports, these people are called "homeless people". You may hear different words to describe homelessness and homeless people. Some of these words apply to people who might not be homeless. Sometimes they are based upon stereotypes. For instance, in slang, a vagabond is someone who travels without the money necessary to stay in good hotels. Such a person may or may not have a home somewhere. Sometimes police reports use the word "transient" to describe people from out of town or who are passing through. Many times these words confuse the issues because someone just passing through might own a mansion somewhere or might not.

There are tough questions in sorting out homeless people even when trying to create programs and services to help them. Homeless counts are required by the government agencies that deal with homelessness.

In the US, the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) agency requires a homeless "enumeration" or count every two years. They classify "homeless" in a careful way and that way is very influential and a lot of other agencies and church groups copy it. In Metro Vancouver homeless people are counted by the British Columbia (B.C.) Non-Profit Housing Society which conducts the homeless count with the help of about 1,200 volunteers.

Housing and Urban Development of the United States spreads information about what does and does not work when providing shelter for homeless people. That information about the things that seem to work is called "best practices". HUD defines homeless as 1. somebody who lacks a fixed, regular, and decent place to sleep at night or 2. somebody who sleeps at night in A.a supervised shelter (including welfare hotels, homeless shelters, warming centers and transitional housing) ; B. a place that provides a temporary residence for people waiting for space in a place like a hospital, jail or hospice; or C. places not designed for human beings to sleep, such as parks or public sidewalks.

The "C" part of the HUD definition is now getting more attention. It is called "chronic homelessness". (HUD) defines a "chronically homeless" person as "an unaccompanied homeless individual with a disabling condition". There are other conditions to that definition. It has to be someone who has either been homeless for a year or more, or has been homeless four times in the past three years.

People who study these things believe that "chronic" homelessness costs a lot more than the rest. A new approach is to seek information on those folks who are considered chronically homeless. They are using what is called a vulnerability index system. It was invented by a doctor in Boston who works with a New York organization called Common Ground. These "Vulnerability Index's" code for things like bad liver, kidney disease, HIV-AIDS, age, and visits to the hospital.

Health care for the homeless is a major public health challenge. Homeless people are more likely to suffer injuries and medical problems from their lifestyle on the street. Quite a few drink or have addiction problems with drugs. Some have skin conditions from being out in the sun without sunscreen to protect themselves from UV radiation. It is hard to find places to wash up, and homeless people are exposed to extreme cold and hot sun. It is tough finding good food for many homeless people so they tend to suffer from medical conditions. This can include obesity if they eat a lot of poor quality food with empty calories. Homeless people also may have more severe dental problems than the general population due to lack of access to washrooms and in some cases excess intake of sweets, which may be the only food available. Diabetes and liver problems are not uncommon, as are diseases associated with cigarette smoking...

The vulnerability index is a tool for finding out who among the street homeless population needs health care and housing the most.

The vulnerability index is from the work of Dr. Jim O'Connell of Boston's Healthcare for the Homeless. He was concerned about the causes of death of unsheltered homeless individuals living on the street. A national drive is underway by Common Ground to work with the HUD homeless count. Since communities are doing the count, he believes that is a good time to do the vulnerability index too. Its' people say that using it will help getting needy individuals off the street.

The vulnerability index has been tried out in a lot of other places not just the East Coast. These include New Mexico and Santa Monica

The main reasons for homelessness have been studied in many reports and studies.
For example:

The number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in the past few years. In some Third World nations such as Brazil, India, Nigeria, and South Africa, homelessness is a very big problem, with millions of children living and working on the streets. Homelessness has also become a problem in China, Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines and Japan.

In the sixteenth century in England, the government first tried to give housing to vagabonds instead of punishing them. In the eighteenth century, these houses were replaced by workhouses. These were later replaced by dormitory housing ("spikes"). By the early 1930s in England, there were 30,000 people living in these places.

In most countries, many towns and cities had an area where all the poor, transients, and afflicted lived, such as a "skid row". In smaller towns, there were hobos, who camped near train tracks and hopped onto trains from place to place. Many places where loitering was once allowed (such as churches, public libraries and public atriums) became more strict as the number of homeless people grew.

In the 1980s, in the United States, some new laws were made for the homeless as a result of the work of Congressman Stewart B. McKinney. In 1987, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act was enacted. Several organisations in some cities, such as New York and Boston, tried to help the growing number of homeless people in a new way.

According to a 60 Minutes program, aired in December 2017, California is home to a quarter of American homeless people.

Popular films

Books

Documentary films

TV documentaries

Visual Arts


Duke, Alan, "'Golden voice' Ted Williams departs drug rehab", "CNN", January 25, 2011


Hideshi Hino

Hideshi Hino (日野日出志 Hino Hideshi, born April 19, 1946) is a Japanese manga artist. He draws and writes horror stories. Some of the books he has written are: "Hino Horror", "Panorama of Hell", and "Hell Baby". He has also made and been in horror movies.

Salland

Salland is a historical region in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel.

The history of Salland goes back to the early Middle Ages, when the four quarters of Oversticht (Salland, Twente, Land van Vollenhove and Drenthe) came together.
Salland (and nearby areas) may have been the early seat of the Salian Franks, the founders of the modern Dutch and French nations.

Salland is bound to the west by the provincial border with Gelderland, which is partly formed by river IJssel; to the north by the Meppelerdiep stream and the provincial border with Drenthe, which partly consists of the Reest stream; to the east by the borders with the German state of Lower Saxony and the eastern Overijssel region of Twente; and to the south by the border with the Gelderland region of Achterhoek, part of which is formed by the Schipbeek stream.

Geologically, most of Salland's landscape consists of a lowland covered with river sediment. 

These 13 municipalities belong to Salland region:



Darkthrone

Darkthrone is a black metal band from Norway.


Minutemen (band)

The Minutemen were a very well known American hardcore punk band from the 1980s. The people in the band were D. Boon on guitar, Mike Watt on bass guitar and George Hurley on drums.

The Minutemen were formed in January 1980 and began to record music that same year. They gave to the public their first EP, called "Paranoid Time", that year. Over the next five years, the Minutemen went on many music playing trips and made many albums. Some of their most well kown albums are "What Makes a Man Start Fires?" and "Double Nickels on the Dime".

The band was forced to split in 1985 due to the death of D. Boon. Boon was killed in a car crash when his girlfriend fell asleep at the wheel. After Boon's death, Watt and Hurley formed the band fIREHOSE with Minutemen fan Ed Crawford. fIREHOSE played until 1994 when they broke up. Since the breakup of fIREHOSE, Mike Watt has played in several bands and also his own solo career.

Hammurabi

Hammurabi (Akkadian from Amorite "ˤAmmurāpi", meaning "the kinsman is a healer," from "ˤAmmu", meaning "paternal kinsman", and "Rāpi", meaning "healer"), was the sixth king of Babylon from 1792 BC to 1750 BC. He became king after his father abdicated, and was the first ruler of Babylonia. By winning wars against other kingdoms in Mesopotamia, Hammurabi created a large Babylonian empire. However, his son Samsu-iluna and later Babylonian rulers lost much of the land he had gained. 

Hammurabi is most famous for his laws, which are known as the Hammurabi's Code. Hammurabi's Code was one of the first written codes of law in history.

Hammurabi became king of Babylon in around 1792 BC, when his father Sin-Muballit abdicated. Babylon was one of many small independent cities in ancient Mesopotamia. These cities often fought each other for control of land. Babylon was already one of the more powerful cities when Hammurabi became king. Earlier kings of Babylon had taken over the nearby city-states of Borsippa, Kish, and Sippar. 

Hammurabi did not fight any important wars in the early part of his reign. He instead improved the buildings of Babylon. He built taller city walls to make the city more difficult to attack, and expanded the temples. In around 1771 BC, the kingdom of Elam attacked Mesopotamia from the east. Elam invaded Eshnunna, a city-state to the north-east of Babylon, and destroyed its cities. It also tried to start a war between Babylon and Larsa, a city in southern Mesopotamia. However, Hammurabi instead made an alliance with Larsa against Elam. Hammurabi defeated Elam, but felt that Larsa had not given him enough help. He therefore attacked Larsa. Babylon had entirely conquered southern Mesopotamia by c. 1763 BC.

Hammurabi's allies in northern Mesopotamia had sent their armies to the south to help Babylon. This caused unrest in the northern area. Hammurabi therefore returned north, stopping the unrest, and defeating Eshnunna. He then attacked and conquered the remaining cities in northern Mesopotamia, including Babylon's former ally Mari. It is possible that Mari surrendered to Babylon without any fighting happening. After this, Hammurabi was in control of most of Mesopotamia. Only Aleppo and Qatna, two western cities in modern Syria remained independent. When Hammurabi died in c. 1750 BC, his son Samsu-iluna became king.

Double Nickels on the Dime

Double Nickels on the Dime is a hardcore punk album made by the Minutemen. The album was recorded in 1984 and was given to the public in the same year. The album is very long and has 43 songs. It is thought to be a very good album and one of the best of the genre.


Timbaland

Timothy Zachery Mosley, known professionally as Timbaland, (born March 10, 1972) is an American record producer, rapper, singer, songwriter and record executive. He is from Norfolk, Virginia.

Timbaland owns his own record label, Mosley Music Group, which is under Universal Music Group. Timbaland has also taught and nurtured other record producers like Danja, Polow da Don, Ryan Tedder and Jim Beanz.

Studio albums

Singles

Melvins

The Melvins are an American rock band. They are from the city of Aberdeen, Washington. The only members who have been in the band for a long time are Buzz "King Buzzo" Osborne who plays guitar and Dale Crover who plays drums. Coady Willis who plays drums (in addition to Dale) and Jared Warren who plays bass guitar are also currently in the band. A variety of terms have been used to describe their style of music, including 'sludge metal', 'grunge', and 'stoner rock'.

Buzz Osborne started Melvins in early 1983.

Birth name

A birth name is the family name someone has when he or she is born, or at least from the time he or she is a child. This term can be used by a man or a woman who changes a name later in life for any reason.

A "maiden name" is the family name—usually the birth name—a woman has before she marries.

A "married name" is the family name taken by a married person at the time of the marriage. The most common example is when a woman takes the family name of her spouse at the time of marriage. But sometimes a man changes his name at marriage. Also, sometimes both people change their names, such as to a hyphenated or other mixed name.

Sometimes the words "né" (for a man) or "née" (for a woman) are used to show a birth name or maiden name. These words mean "born", and are borrowed"" from French.

Stalker

Stalker has several different meanings:

Tom Whedon

Tom Whedon is an American television writer. He has written for many series, for example, "Benson", "Alice" and "The Golden Girls". Whedon also wrote for the children's series "The Electric Company".

He is the father of Deadwood script writer Zack Whedon. Whedon is also the father of writer/producer/director Joss Whedon, the creator of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Angel", and "Firefly".

Zack Whedon

Zack Whedon (born August 14, 1979) is an American television writer. He graduated from Wesleyan University in 2002 with a movie degree. Whedon has written for the HBO series "Deadwood". He is the son of writer Tom Whedon and the brother of writer-producer-director Joss Whedon.
Whedon has also done work on his brother's series "Angel" as well as collaborated with his brother on the internet only serial "Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog".

He was a writer for the "J.J. Abrams" show "Fringe". 

Langnau im Emmental

Langnau im Emmental ('Langnau in the Emmental') is a small village in the Emmental, in the canton of Bern. It is by the river Ilfis between the cities of Bern and Luzern. It has a population of about 8800 people. Most of the people of the village work in the building trades.

Langnau has an Ice hockey Club, called the SCL Tigers. They have their home stadium in Langnau.


Muri bei Bern

Muri bei Bern is a township in Switzerland near Bern. In December 2005, it had a population of 12458 people. The township Muri is two small towns: Muri and Gümligen

Muri has been populated since the time of the Romans, but it has only had the name Muri since 1180. It started as a little township with a little castle and some farmhouses. Between the 13th and 15th century it became a very rich township.


In Muri it has two big woods; The Hüendli-Wald and the Dentenberg-Wald. Around the Aare it has also a little woods. All together it has 150 hectares of woods, 190 hectares of grassland and 339 hectares of building land. Also Muri has a total area of 760 hectares.


The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess

The Legend of Zelda (video game)

It was also included in 


Notes

The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker

The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, known in Japan as is the tenth game in "The Legend of Zelda" group of games. It was made for the Nintendo GameCube and was sold in stores in the year 2002 in Japan and the year 2003 in America. The game takes place on a big ocean with a few small islands that the player can sail to on a boat. The game is similar to "". The game is the first Cel-shaded "Legend of Zelda" game, which means the game looks like a cartoon. The game's story takes place hundreds of years after "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" in the adult timeline, as opposed to Twilight Princess which takes place in the child timeline and the story also continues with the wind wakers sequels, "" and "", both released for the Nintendo DS in 2007 and 2009, respectively.

A 20-minute demo was available in .

On January 23, 2013, Nintendo announced a high definition remake of the game for the Wii U called The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD. It was released in North America on September 20, 2013, in Japan on September 26, 2013, in Europe on October 4, 2013, and in Australia on October 5, 2013. It includes an updated art style and Miiverse support.

Deadliest Catch

The Deadliest Catch is a reality television series on the Discovery Channel, about Alaskan king crab fishing. The series shows people fishing for crabs in the Bering Sea near Alaska. The series is named "Deadliest Catch" because the crew of these boats are at a high risk of death or injury due to the dangerous places and weather of the sea during the seasons they fish, earning the title of most dangerous job in the world.

Garage rock

Garage rock is a raw and energetic style of rock and roll that was popular in the mid-1960s in the United States, Canada, and other countries. It has experienced several more recent revivals. In the beginning, it was not yet defined as a musical genre. Attention to the sound from rock critics in the early 1970s helped it become appreciated as a genre.

It is called "garage rock" because many of the groups that played it were made up of young amateurs, often in high school and college, who sometimes rehearsed in their families' garages. Some of the bands were older and professional. The groups in this genre are often referred to as "garage bands".

The style, which led up to psychedelic rock, often had simple lyrics and sometimes used guitars distorted through a device called a fuzzbox. Surf rock was an early influence. Later the Beatles and the beat groups of the British Invasion became popular. This led to many aspiring musicians to form bands in the United States and elsewhere between 1963 and 1968. Some bands produced regional hits, and a few even had national chart hits. 

With the rise of psychedelia, a number of garage bands started to add strange and exotic elements to their sound, but after 1968, as more complex forms of rock music took over, garage rock records declined in popularity.

In the early 1970s certain critics began to refer to the style as "punk rock", which made it the first form of music to use that name. It is sometimes called "garage punk", "protopunk", or "'60s punk" to set it apart from the more well-known punk rock movement that came later in 1970s. The garage rock style has been revived several times in recent decades and continues to influence many modern groups who prefer a "back to basics" and "do it yourself" musical approach.


Psychedelic rock

Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music. It was very popular in the 1960s when it started, and still has many fans today. It was first made in San Francisco, but it also was made in other cities such as New York City, and in other countries including England. 

Psychedelic rock songs sometimes have lyrics describing the effects of drugs, if any words at all. Songs were sometimes very long (10-15 minutes), and much of this time might be taken up by a solo, like a drum solo or a guitar solo. Some major groups that made psychedelic rock included: The Beatles, The Doors, The Byrds, The Grateful Dead, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Jefferson Airplane, Pink Floyd, Frank Zappa and The Animals.

Psychedelic rock was popular music for listening to when getting high with hashish or LSD, or both. During Grateful Dead concerts, some people actually sat inside the huge speakers that the Grateful Dead brought to their concerts. 

Doppelgänger

A doppelgänger or a doppelganger is a German word used in English to talk about any double or someone who looks exactly like another person — most commonly an "evil twin". In some folklore, seeing another family or friend's doppelganger means they will have an illness, or that they are in danger. Seeing your own doppelganger means you will most likely die. Some myths offer explanations that focus on magic, where the doppelganger is created by some kind of curse or through magic. These doppelgängers are usually, but not always, bad in some way. Doppelgängers can sometimes be seen in books, movies, and other fiction as part of their stories.

Absurd (band)

Absurd is a national socialistic black metal band from Germany. The band was formed in 1992. Frontman of this band is Neo Nazi and former Satanist Hendrik Möbus

The band became notable after its (original) members murdered the 15-year-old Sandro Beyer in 1993. These members are no longer in the band. It is believed that Beyer knew of a relationship between Schauseil's and a married woman. She had been spreading rumors about this and other things the band was doing. On 29 April in Sondershausen, Möbus, Schauseil, and Kirchner met with Beyer. The strangled him there with an electrical cord. Kirchner was reported as saying: “Oh shit—now I’ve completely ruined my life.” Schauseil said he heard voices in his head saying "“Kuster Maier”". This made no sense but was interpreted by him as "“töte Beyer”" (‘kill Beyer’).




Nokturnal Mortum

Nokturnal Mortum is a pagan black metal band from Ukraine. It is one of the major black metal bands from eastern Europe, along with Graveland and Lucifugum.








Repo Man (movie)

Repo Man is a 1984 comedy/science fiction movie starring Emilio Estevez and Harry Dean Stanton. It was written and directed by Alex Cox. The movie is about the life of a repo man, a person who steals cars legally from people who do not pay for them.

The movie is well regarded for several reasons. First, it has talk and events that are both funny and strange. The music played in the movie is also a very good collection of punk rock music that was popular at the time. Also, the movie is not similar to most other movies that were made at the same time.

Reggie Miller

Reginald Wayne Miller (August 24, 1965) is a retired American basketball player. Miller was known for being a great jump shooter during his career. He played his entire career for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is from Riverside, California.

Altarpiece

An altarpiece is a work of art that has been made to go above the altar in a Christian church. An altarpiece can be a painting, or it can be carved from wood or stone. Some altarpieces have both paintings and sculptures.

What do altarpieces show?

There are three most common subjects, "The Virgin Mary and Christ Child", "Jesus crucified" and "Christ in Glory". These are three very important parts of Christian belief.

Altars of The Virgin Mary and Christ Child were made to remind Christians that God came to Earth as Jesus, in the form of an ordinary helpless little baby, to grow up among people. These altarpieces are to remind Christians of the Christmas story.

Altarpieces of Jesus on the cross were made to remind Christians that Jesus, who was pure and did not sin, died a horrible death like a robber and murderer so that Christians could be forgiven. These altarpieces are to remind Christians of the Easter story.

Altarpieces that show Jesus sitting on a throne in Heaven were made to remind Christians that they need to put their lives right and turn to God because one day they will see him on his throne. These altarpieces are to remind Christians that they never know when their life might end and they should live every day in a way that pleases God.

Many altarpieces, as well as having one of the three main scenes, may have lots of other figures or lots of other small scenes.

The other figures are usually saints. They might be shown standing around a throne where the Virgin Mary sits with Baby Jesus on her knee. Or they might be painted on separate pieces that are joined to the middle part of the altarpiece. These saints do not have to be people who were alive at the same time as Mary. They are more often the patron saint of the church or the favourites saints of the person who paid for the altarpiece.

Smaller rectangular parts of the altarpiece often have stories painted in them. They may be stories from the Bible telling the life of Jesus, or they might tell the life of a saint.

How big are altarpieces?

An altarpiece can be as small as a tiny painting put on the wall above a table in someone's home. Or it can be so big that it fills the wall of a huge cathedral. The word is usually used for artworks which are quite big. A small painting may be called a "Holy Picture" or an "Icon".



Wood mouse

The wood mouse ("Apodemus sylvaticus") is a common rodent. It is also known as the long-tailed field mouse, field mouse, common field mouse, and European wood mouse.

Almost entirely nocturnal, field mice burrow extensively, digging a series of chambers and runs. Their usual habitat is woodlands, fields and hedgerows, although they are also found in open grassland.

The geographical isolation and recent glacial history of Shetland means there are few mammals there. The field mouse, the brown rat, and the house mouse are one of only three types of rodent on the islands. They were thought to have come from Norway around the 9th century AD with the arrival of the Vikings. There is archaeological evidence that wood mice were present during the Middle Iron Age (around 200 BC - AD 400), and one theory is that Apodemus came from Orkney where a population had existed since at the least the Bronze Age.

Field mouse is the name for a large group of mice in the UK but the real field mouse is the Long Tailed Field Mouse or wood mouse.

They have a solid brown coat with a white belly. For their size, they have very large eyes and ears. They grow to roughly 10 cm long and weigh 30 grams when full grown.

They are omnivorous and eat seeds, worms, berries, small insects and carrion. In deciduous woodland they will eat acorns and sycamore seeds for the winter, buds in spring, insects and seeds in summer and berries and fungi in autumn. They will eat their own tail if faced with starvation.

They are prey to many animals, including owls and foxes and therefore have a short life, normally living for 6 to 12 months. However, in captivity they can live for over 20 months. They live in any place where they can find food or shelter but traditionally live in hedgerows, forests and grass lands. They make their nests wherever it is warm and there is cover. This means that they will usually nest underground but will nest in other warm environments.

The Field mouse has been proven to be extremely intelligent. If given time, it will think out a strategy before doing something. They have extremely small but sharp claws, which they use to dig into houses to scavenge food. They assess a situation before doing anything. They will judge whether it is too risky, dangerous or useless and they often look out for each other. However, if they are being chased, they will dart undercover or into small nooks and crannies.

1. ^ Goaman, K., Amery, H. (1983). Mysteries & Marvels of the Animal World: pg.15

2. ^ Schlitter & Van der Straeten (2004). Apodemus sylvaticus. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. IUCN 2006. Retrieved on 11 May 2006. Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern

3. ^ Nicholson, R.A., Barber, P., and Bond, J.M. (2005). New Evidence for the Date of Introduction of the House Mouse, Mus musculus domesticus Schwartz & Schwartz, and the Field Mouse, Apodemus sylvaticus (L.) to Shetland. Environmental Archaeology 10 (2): 143-151

Code of Hammurabi

The Code of Hammurabi was a legal code of Babylonia written about 1700 BC.

It was written on a stele (a large stone monument), and put in a public place where everyone could see it. The stele was later captured by the Elamites and taken to their capital, Susa. It was found there again in 1901, and is now in the Louvre Museum in Paris.

The code of Hammurabi had 282 laws written by scribes on 12 tablets. Unlike earlier laws, it was written in Akkadian, the daily language of Babylonia.

The Code of Hammurabi is the longest-surviving text from the Old Babylonian period.
The code is an early example of a law regulating a government: a kind of primitive constitution. The code is also one of the earliest examples of the "presumption of innocence" (innocent until proven otherwise). It suggests that both the accused and accuser have the opportunity to provide evidence.

The Code of Hammurabi was one of several sets of laws in the ancient Near East.
The code of laws was arranged in groups, so that everyone who read the laws would know what was required of them.
There were earlier laws, and later laws such as the Law of Moses in the Hebrew Bible.
These codes come from cultures in a relatively small geographical area, and they have passages which resemble each other.

Nearly half the Code deals with contracts. It sets the wages to be paid to an ox driver or a surgeon. Other passages set the liability of a builder for a house that collapses, for example, or property that is damaged while left in the care of another.

A third of the code concerns household and family matters such as inheritance, divorce, paternity and sexual behaviour.

For each crime, a specific punishment is listed. Many of them look harsh to people now. The punishments included death, cutting off a body part, and the use of "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth" ideas. The penalties of Hammurabi's laws may seem cruel to modern readers, but the fact that he put into writing the laws of his kingdom is considered an important step forward in the growth of civilization.

The Code of Hammurabi was one of many sets of laws in the Ancient Near East.



Media player

Media player is a word that describes computer software that can play more than one type of media (multimedia). Media players can usually play both audio (sound) and video files.

Microsoft Windows comes with a media player already on it, Windows Media Player. Some other media players are Quicktime, iTunes, Real Player and Winamp.

Many media players use libraries. The library helps you organize, or catalog, your music into categories such as genre, year, rating or other. Good examples of media players that include media libraries are Winamp, Windows Media Player, iTunes, RealPlayer, Amarok and ALLPlayer.


19P/Borrelly

Comet Borrelly is a periodic comet. Periodic comets can only be seen from earth once every few years or decades. It was visited by the spacecraft Deep Space 1. Comet Borrelly was last seen from earth in September 2001 and will likely be seen again in July 2008.

Microcontroller

A microcontroller (abbreviated MCU or µC) is a computer system on a chip that does a job. It contains an integrated processor, memory (a small amount of RAM, program memory, or both), and programmable input/output peripherals, which are used to interact with electronic components connected to the chip. A microcontroller is different than a microprocessor, which only contains a CPU (the kind used in a Personal Computer).

First released in 1971 by the Intel company, microcontrollers began to become popular in their first few years. The extremely useful Intel 8008 microprocessor was then released, but it was still impractical because of high cost for each chip. These first microcontrollers combined different types of computer memory on one unit. After people began to see how useful they were, micro controllers were constantly being upgraded, with people trying to find new ways to make them better. Cost was reduced over time and by the early 2000s, microcontrollers were widely used across the world.

Other terms for a microcontroller are embedded system and embedded controller, because the microcontroller and its support circuits are often built into, or embedded in, a single chip.

In addition to the usual arithmetic and logic elements of a general microprocessor, the microcontroller also has additional elements such as RAM for data storage, read-only memory for program storage, flash memory for permanent data storage, and other devices (peripherals).

Microcontrollers often operate at very low speed compared to microprocessors used in smartphones and personal computers. Clock speeds may be as little as 32 kHz, but this is useful for typical applications. They consume very little power (milliwatts or even micro watts).

Microcontrollers are used in automatic products and devices, such as car engine systems, remote controls, machines, appliances, power tools, and toys. These are called embedded systems. Microcontrollers can also be found at work in solar power and energy harvesting, anti-lock braking systems in cars, and have many uses in the medical field as well.

Like other integrated circuits, microcontrollers are designed on special masks, and are later treated with ultraviolet light, which creates special traces (usually made out of silicon) that build up different parts of the integrated circuit. Modern microcontrollers may use technology producing silicon traces as small as 2µm.


Melodrama

A melodrama is a dramatic or literary work where the plot is sensational. It appeals strongly to the emotions. It has crude characterization. Characters are simply-drawn, and stereotyped. 

Melodrama is a portmanteau word, formed by combining the words "melody" from the Greek "melōidía", meaning "song") and "drama". Originally it referred to the use of music in a play.

A melodrama is often a play with very simple characters: a villain, hero, heroine, policeman, damsel in distress and an elderly person (which usually ends happily). Melodramas were popular in the Victorian era on the stage and in novels. In the 20th century the term came to mean bad, crude art, lacking thought. It is rarely applied to the inclusion of music. 

Skullhead

Skullhead was a Rock Against Communism band from Newcastle, England. Their type of music is a blend of rock, Oi!, and heavy metal music. The band and especially the lead singer Kev Turner, were also heavily influenced by the Odinist religion, to which many of their songs refer to.

Landser (band)

Landser is a Neo-Nazi, Rock Against Communism rock band from Germany. Because of laws in Germany against speaking badly about the people that died during the Holocaust of World War II, several members of the band were put in prison. 

The Supreme Court of Berlin sentenced the members of the band to prison and fines for forming a criminal union as well as for incitement of the people and the distribution of radically right-wing propaganda in December 2003.

In March 2005, the Federal Supreme Court in Karlsruhe upheld the prison sentence against a band member. This was the first time that a band had been called a criminal association by the highest federal court.

Lily Allen

Lily Rose Beatrice Allen-Cooper (born 2 May 1985) is an English singer, songwriter and actress. She is a daughter of actor and musician Keith Allen. 

Allen was born in Hammersmith, West London to actor Keith Allen and film maker Alison Owen. She left school when she was fifteen. 

She made her first album, called "Alright, Still" in 2006. It came out in the United States in early 2007. Four singles were released from the album. The first single, "Smile" was No.1 in the UK. It was the eleventh best selling single of 2006 there. The second single was "LDN".

In 2008 she presented a talk show called "Lily Allen and Friends" on BBC Three.

Her most recent album, "It's Not Me, It's You" was released in February 2009. It features two number one singles, "The Fear" and "Fuck You". Four other singles were released, "Not Fair", "22", "Who'd Have Known", and "Back to the Start". 

"The Fear" was the first single from the album. It was No.1 in Israel and Belgium.

"Not Fair" reached No.4 in the UK, but it was more popular in other countries.

"Fuck You" was released 10 July 2009 in Germany.

"22" was released 24 August 2009. 

In 2009 she was in an episode of "Neighbors".

In 2010 "Just Be Good to Green" was released as a single by Professor Green. Allen sung on the song. It reached number five in the UK Singles Chart.

When Allen toured the United States in 2007, the American group Domino (Domino Kirke, and guitarist Jordan Galland) opened for her.

In July 2013 she sung on Pink's single "True Love".

In November 2013 Allen recorded a cover of Keane's "Somewhere Only We Know" for the Christmas advert for John Lewis. It reached No.1 in the UK and Ireland.
On 12 November 2013, Allen released a video for her first song that wasn't a cover version since 2009, "Hard Out Here". It got 2.2 million views in two days. The single reached number nine in the UK. Her next album will be released in 2014. A new song called "L8 CMMR" was released on the soundtrack to the second season of "Girls". On 2 March Allen's next single "Air Balloon" was released.

From 2007 to 2008 Lily dated with musician Ed Simons. In January 2008 Allen miscarried their child at 2 months of pregnancy.

On 11 June 2011 Lily married to her boyfriend of 2 years, businessman Sam Cooper. In November 2010, at age 25, Lily gave birth to their stillborn son. On 25 November 2011, at age 26, Allen gave birth to their daughter, named Ethel Mary Cooper. She gave birth to another daughter, Marnie Rose, in January 2013.

Allen has been nominated for four BRIT Awards, but did not win any of them:






Zerah Colburn

Zerah Colburn (born Cabot, Vermont, 1804; died 1839) was a child prodigy. He became famous when he was a little boy because he could do unbelievably difficult sums very easily. However, he wasted his talent and never became a useful mathematician.

Zerah’s father was a carpenter. He and his wife had six children, and they had very little money.

When he was five he started to go to school. After six weeks his father heard him doing multiplication sums. His father asked him what 13 times 97 was. The boy immediately said “1261”.

His father took him to Boston to show him to famous people. They asked the boy questions: what is 1449 times 1449? The boy said “2,099,601”. Someone else asked him how many seconds there were in 2000 years. He said “63,072,000,000”.

His father looked for rich people who would pay for the boy’s education. In Boston $5000 was raised so that he did not have to be shown off in public all the time. Nevertheless, his father took him to Europe. In London people asked him more questions, e.g. is 4,294,967,297 a prime number? The boy said “No, it can be divided by 641”.

People wanted the boy to explain how he did these calculations, but he could not say how he did it. He became famous. Napoleon was going to meet him, but he lost the Battle of Waterloo and was not able to make the visit. He went to school in Paris and then in London, but by the time he was 15 people were not interested in helping him any more. He joined a touring group of actors and got the part of in the play by Shakespeare. He met William Rowan Hamilton who was also a prodigy and who did become a famous mathematician. Zerah soon got fed up with mathematics and became a Methodist minister. He taught languages at Norwich University in Vermont. He wrote an autobiography in which he tried to explain how he did his calculations.

When he died most people had forgotten about him.

His nephew, also named Zerah Colburn, was a famous locomotive designer.

Zerah, like his father, had 12 fingers and 12 toes.


Quedlinburg

Quedlinburg (); Low Saxon: "Queddelnborg") is a city in the state of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Its area is . 22,795 people lived there in 2005. Quedlinburg is north of the Harz mountains. A small river called Bode flows through the city. In 1994, UNESCO added the old town Quedlinburg on the list of World Heritage Sites.

In the year 922 the name Quedlinburg was first mentioned in a paper from King Henry I the Fowler of Germany. In the first half of the 10th century the Hungarians with their horses attacked many places all over central Europe. King Henry built up a castle to give the farmers around a place to hide. In 936 the king died and his body was buried on the castle hill in Quedlinburg. His widow, Matilda, and his son, King Otto I, set up a convent for ladies. The tasks of this convent included the commemoration of King Henry I and the education of young ladies to get better chances to get married. This convent on the hill was dissolved in 1803. First abbess of the ladies-convent was Matilda, the daughter of King Otto I and granddaughter of Queen Matilda.
In the valley north of that hill in 994 King Otto III founded the old town. He was asked to do so by his aunt abbess Matilda.

This old town was used by merchants to sell and buy textiles and so it grew larger. In the middle of the 12th century a new town was created by the abbess of the ladies-convent. In 1330 both towns were united. They got stronger in power and in 1477 they tried to get totally independent of the abbess. But military troops sent by the brothers of the abbess occupied both towns.
All the citizens got under control of the abbess again. In 1541 the Protestant Reformation reached the convent and the town and everybody changed their beliefs to the Protestant religion.
Surprisingly during the Thirty Years' War the town was not destroyed because the abbess made diplomatic arrangements with all the bypassing military leaders.

The city is north of the Harz mountains around above sea water level . The nearby mountains reached about above sea level. Most of the town is on the western side of the river Bode's bank. The town area covers around 78,15 square kilometers.

The average temperature of the year is 8,8 °C. January and February are the coldest months of the year, with an average temperature of 0,1 °C and 0,4 °C. July and August are the hottest months, with an average temperature of 17,8 °C (63 °F) and 17,2 °C. The average annual rainfall is about 438 millimetres. The rainfall occurs usually between May and September. Rain in Quedlinburg is among the lowest in Germany, which has an annual average around 800 millimetres.

Quedlinburg has partnerships with 5 cities. Each of the 5 boroughs also has their sister cities, sometimes called twin towns.


DreamWorks Pictures

DreamWorks Pictures, officially called DW II Distribution Co., LLC, also known as DreamWorks, LLC, DreamWorks SKG, DreamWorks Studios or DW Studios, LLC, is an American movie studio. It has made or sold more than ten movies which made more than $100 million each at the box-office.

DreamWorks began in 1994. It was founded by Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen (making the SKG at the bottom of the DreamWorks logo). They own 72% of the company. In December 2005, the founders agreed to sell the studio to Viacom. The sale was done in February 2006. In 2008, DreamWorks announced that it would split from Paramount. It signed a $1.5 billion deal to make movies with India's Reliance ADA Group. Reliance gave $325M to help recreate DreamWorks studio as its own company. Clark Hallren led the Reliance team in making plans for the company. The movie studio is 50% owned by Reliance. Reliance is led by Anil Ambani.

The part of DreamWorks which makes animations was made into DreamWorks Animation SKG in 2004.


Universal Studios

Universal Studios (sometimes called Universal Pictures or Universal City) is one of the major American movie studios that has production studios and offices at 100 Universal City Plaza Drive in Universal City, California, an unincorporated area of Los Angeles County between Los Angeles and Burbank. Distribution and other corporate, administrative offices are based in New York City. Universal is the very first major studio in Hollywood (Universal's ownership partner of NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan—which distributes anime by Universal worldwide—is the oldest).

The founder of Universal, Carl Laemmle, was a German Jewish immigrant who settled in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, where he managed a clothing store. On a 1905 buying trip to Chicago, he was struck by the popularity of nickelodeons.

In June 1909, Laemmle started the Yankee Film Company with partners Abe and Julius Stern. That company was quickly renamed e Independent Moving Picture Company, or IMP. In 1910, he actively promoted Florence Lawrence, then known as the "Biograph girl", and she became one of the first film stars to be used by a studio in its marketing.

On June 8, 1912; Laemmle merged IMP with eight smaller companies to form the Universal Film Manufacturing Company, introducing the word "universal" into the organization's name. Among them were Mark Dintinfass, Charles Baumann and Adam Kessel, and Pat Powers. The name was later changed to Universal Pictures Company, Inc.

Following the westward trend of the industry, in 1915, Laemmle opened the world's largest motion picture production facility, Universal City Studios, on a converted farm just over the Cahuenga Pass from Hollywood.

In 1926, Universal also opened a production unit in Germany, Deutsche Universal-Film AG, under the direction of Joe Pasternak. This unit produced 3–4 movies per year until 1936, migrating to Hungary and then Austria in the face of Hitler's increasing domination of central Europe. With movies being able to have sound (those movies were called "talkies"), these productions were made in the German language or, sometimes, Hungarian or Polish. In the US, Universal Pictures did not distribute any of this subsidiary's movies, but at least some of them were exhibited through other, independent, foreign-language movie distributors based in New York, without benefit of English subtitles. Nazi persecution and a change in ownership for the parent Universal Pictures organization resulted in the dissolution of this part of the company.

Taking on the task of modernizing and upgrading a movie company in the depths of the Great Depression was risky, and for a time Universal slipped into receivership. The theater chain was scrapped, but Carl, Jr. held fast to distribution, studio and production operations.

The end for the Laemmles came with a remake of "Show Boat", featuring many famous people from the Broadway stage version, which began production in late 1935. However, Carl, Jr.'s spending habits surprised company stockholders, especially after the costly failure of "Sutter's Gold" earlier in the year. They would not allow production to start on "Show Boat" unless the Laemmles obtained a loan. Universal was forced to seek a $750,000 production loan from the Standard Capital Corporation, pledging the Laemmle family's controlling interest in Universal as collateral. It was the first time in Universal's 26-year history that it had borrowed money for a production. Production problems resulted in a $300,000 overrun. When Standard called the loan in, a cash-strapped Universal could not pay.

"Show Boat" was released in 1936 and is widely considered to be one of the greatest movie musicals of all time. However, it was not enough to save the Laemmles, who were removed from the company they had founded.

By the late 1950s, the motion picture business was in trouble. The combination of the studio/theater-chain break-up and the rise of television caused the mass audience to stop visiting theaters. The Music Corporation of America (better known as MCA), mainly a talent agency, had also become a powerful television producer, renting space at Republic Studios for its Revue Studios subsidiary. After a period of complete shutdown, a moribund Universal agreed to sell its (by now) studio lot to MCA in 1958, for $11 million. Although MCA owned the studio lot, but not Universal Pictures, it was increasingly influential on Universal's product. The studio lot was upgraded and modernized, while MCA clients like Doris Day, Lana Turner, and Cary Grant were signed to Universal Pictures contracts.

Though Universal's movie unit did produce occasional movies, among them "Airport", "The Sting", "American Graffiti", and a movie that restored the company's fortunes, "Jaws", Universal in the 1970s was primarily a television studio. Weekly series production was the workhorse of the company. There would be other movies like "", "Back to the Future", and "Jurassic Park", but overall the movie business was still hit-and-miss. In the early 1970s, Universal teamed up with Paramount Pictures to form Cinema International Corporation, which distributed movies by Paramount and Universal worldwide. It was replaced by United International Pictures in 1991, when Walt Disney Pictures joined the fold.

Universal, like any other major movie studio, owns a huge library. It owns the libraries of USA Films, October Films, and the 1996-1999 movies by PolyGram Filmed Entertainment (MGM owns most of the pre-1996 PolyGram library, though Universal owns a few movies from that time as well) and its subsidiaries, as well as (through parent NBC Universal) much of the post-1973 NBC library of shows and made-for-TV movies.

It also owns several movies made by others, including some pre-1952 United Artists material, an Alfred Hitchcock feature originally released by Warner Bros. - "Rope", and the UK rights to most of the RKO Pictures library.

In the early years of Universal, the company absorbed some small firms. Among those early film-production studios (and their proprietors) were:
For several years some of these junior partners carried considerable weight within Universal; inevitably factions and rivalries were the rule. At least one version of corporate history claims that the twenty-year-old Irving Thalberg rose so quickly because he told subordinates that he alone spoke for Carl Laemmle in making production decisions, while the others were more concerned with battling among themselves.




Second Punic War

The Second Punic War was a conflict that was fought from 218 to 201 BC between the Roman Republic and Carthage. Most of Carthaginian forces were led by Hannibal Barca. He scared the Romans by invading them over the mountains from Hispania with war elephants. He won the Battle of the Trebia and kept winning battles by being a good general. In the Battle of Cannae, he destroyed with his small army the largest army that the Romans had ever used.

The Romans then avoided fighting Hannibal and concentrated on defeating his allies. That became known as the Fabian strategy. Each side had many allies. However, most of Rome's allies stayed loyal, but Carthage's allies switched sides.

Hannibal did well but eventually had to leave and to return to defend Carthage. In North Africa, Scipio Africanus won the Battle of Zama, which cemented Rome's victory over Carthage.

The Second Punic War ruined the power of Carthage. Rome became the dominant power in the Mediterranean for the next 600 years.

Battle of Zama

The Battle of Zama was a battle in Carthage around 19 October 202 BC. It had elephants and ground infantry. The Roman Republic, led by Scipio Africanus, won against Carthaginians, led by Hannibal. It was the last battle in the Second Punic War..

Touchstone Pictures

Touchstone Pictures (also known as Touchstone Films in its early years) is one part of The Walt Disney Company. Touchstone started in 1984. Its movies can be for older audiences than Walt Disney Pictures movies. The company used to make television shows "The Golden Girls", "Blossom", "Boy Meets World", "My Wife and Kids", "Desperate Housewives", "Lost", "Grey's Anatomy," and "Scrubs". 

United States Coast Guard

The United States Coast Guard is one of the 6 branches of the military of the United States. It is a part of the United States Department of Homeland Security. The Coast Guard's purpose is to protect the people, environment, industry and security of the United States on seas, lakes and rivers. To do this, the Coast Guard uses boats, ships, helicopters and airplanes to stop smuggling and other crime and terrorism, and to rescue ships and boats in danger.

The Coast Guard traces its roots back to the United States Revenue Cutter Service, which was created by Congress on 4 August 1790. As such, the Coast Guard is the oldest continuous seagoing service of the United States. 

The modern United States Coast Guard was started on January 28, 1915. This is when the U. S. Congress ordered the United States Revenue Cutter Service and the United States Life-Saving Service to merge into a single service. The Coast Guard can become part of the Department of the Navy during war, but it is not now. It became part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in 2003.

The U.S. Revenue Cutter Service (USRCS) was set up in 1790 when President George Washington signed an act allowing the building of 10 boats called "cutters". The service was first suggested in a letter by Alexander Hamilton as a way to collect tariffs which were being lost to smuggling. They were also tasked with making sure shipments of goods from the United States were getting through to markets in other countries. The first Coast Guard station was in Newburyport, Massachusetts. Until the re-establishment of the Navy in 1798, the Revenue Cutter Service was the only naval force of the early United States. 

The modern Coast Guard can be said to date to 1915, when the Revenue Cutter Service merged with the U.S. Life-Saving Service when Congress formalized the existence of the new organization. In 1939, the Lighthouse Service was brought under the Coast Guard's purview. In 1942, the Bureau of Marine Inspection and Navigation was transferred to the Coast Guard.
In 1967, the Coast Guard moved from the U.S. Department of the Treasury to the newly formed U.S. Department of Transportation, an arrangement that lasted until it was placed under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in 2003 as part of legislation designed to more efficiently protect American interests following the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001.

In times of war, the Coast Guard or individual components of it can operate as a service of the Department of the Navy. This arrangement has a broad historical basis, as the Coast Guard has been involved in wars as diverse as the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, and the American Civil War, in which the cutter "Harriet Lane" fired the first naval shots attempting to relieve besieged Fort Sumter. The last time the Coast Guard operated as a whole within the Navy was in World War II. More often, military and combat units within the Coast Guard will operate under Navy or joint operational control while other Coast Guard units will remain under the Department of Homeland Security. 

Sean Paul

Sean Paul Ryan Francis Henriques (born 9 January 1973) is a Jamaican rapper, singer, and songwriter. Sean Paul appeared as himself in the 1998 movie "Belly". In 2000 he released his first album, "Stage One". In 2003 Sean Paul had his first number one single. He was featured on Beyoncé Knowles' 2003 number one single "Baby Boy". In 2003 he also rapped on Blue Cantrell's UK number one single "Breathe". In 2006 Sean Paul rapped in Rihanna's single "Break It Off". He rapped on Pitbull's 2011 single "Shake Señora" with T-Pain. Sean Paul's sixth album "Full Frequency" will be released on February 18, 2014. The first single off the album, "Other Side of Love", was released to iTunes on September 10, 2013. It reached number one in the UK R&B Chart. "Full Frequency" includes songs with Nicki Minaj, 2 Chainz, Juicy J, and Iggy Azalea.
Filmography




Bamberg (district)

Bamberg (; Main-Franconian: ) is a district in Bavaria, Germany. About 145,000 people live there.


Theo Jörgensmann

Theo Jörgensmann (born Bottrop, 29 September 1948) is a German jazz clarinet player and composer.



Italian Plague of 1629-1631

The Italian Plague of 1629-1631 was a group times when many people in northern Italy caught bubonic plague from 1629 to 1631. This epidemic, often called the Great Plague of Milan, killed about 280,000 people. Very many people died in the cities in Lombardy. This was one of the last outbreaks of the pandemic of bubonic plague that began with the Black Death.

German and French soldiers carried the plague to the city of Mantua in 1629 because of the Thirty Years' War (1618-1648). Venetian troops, infected with the disease, retreated into northern and central Italy, spreading the disease to more people. 

In October 1629, the plague reached Milan, Lombardy's commercial center. In the city Milan, it killed about 64,000 people, which was 25% of Milan's people. It killed between 12% and 60% of all the people in Italy. The papal city of Bologna lost an estimated 15,000 citizens to the plague, with neighboring smaller cities of Modena and Parma also being heavily affected. This outbreak of plague also spread north into Tyrol, an alpine region of western Austria and northern Italy. 

Later outbreaks of bubonic plague in Italy include the city of Florence in 1630-1633 and the areas surrounding Naples, Rome and Genoa in 1656-1657.

Norwich

Norwich is the county city of Norfolk, a county in the East of England. In 2005, 127,600 people lived in Norwich. It is one of the oldest cities in England.

Norwich International Airport provides many flights out of the city, internationally to places such as Amsterdam, Spain and also other locations within the United Kingdom.

Norwich is the biggest settlement in East Anglia, after Ipswich, located in Suffolk.

Pir Sultan Abdal

Pir Sultan Abdal (ca. 1480 - 1550) was an Alevit poet. Alevits are the members of the Alevitism, a faith community in Islam. He lived in Turkey and wrote his poems in Turkish. In his poems, he used a direct and clear language. The richness of his thoughts and the beauty of his writing made him very popular to the Turks and Kurds and also the members of the Suni sect of Islam. Pir Sultan Abdal wrote about the social, cultural and religious life of the people. He was a humanist, and wrote about love, peace, death and God. He was also rebellious against Ottoman Empire.

William Byrd

William Byrd (born probably 1539 or 1540; died Stondon Massey, 4 July 1623) was an English composer. He wrote music of all types that were popular then: keyboard music for virginals and for the organ, vocal music, especially choral music, both for the church (“sacred”) as well as non-sacred (“secular”).

Byrd lived in a time of great changes. Henry VIII had broken away from the Roman Catholic church and had founded the Anglican Church. The monarch (king or queen) was the Head of the Church of England. During Byrd’s lifetime the monarchs who reigned had different ideas about what church music should be like. Byrd was always a Catholic. This sometimes made life difficult for him, but he was always faithful to the monarchy, and he had a lot of tact in dealing with people.

Byrd grew up in the Renaissance period. He lived into the 17th century which is the period known in music as the Baroque period. 

We know very little about Byrd’s early life. Most books say that he was born in 1543, but a document that was found recently makes us think he was probably born late in 1539 or in 1540. He may have come from Lincoln which is where his first job was, but he probably had some of his education in London. This is likely because we know he was a pupil of Thomas Tallis who worked in London. Tallis was in charge of the music of the Chapel Royal which was the best choir in England, and it is likely that Byrd sang in the choir when he was a boy. Queen Mary was on the throne at the time. She was Catholic and she liked church music to be quite long and complicated, with Latin words. This gave composers lots to do, and the young Byrd started composing church music at this time.

Around 1563 Byrd got the job of Organist and Choir Master of Lincoln Cathedral. This was an important job for such a young man, and he had an extra-large salary, so people must have thought he was a very good musician. By this time Queen Elizabeth I was on the throne. She had different ideas from Mary. She was Protestant, and liked church music to be simpler, although she still liked the Latin service. In Lincoln Byrd was sometimes told off for playing organ music that was too long and complicated. Byrd composed a lot of music for the cathedral. He also married in 1568 and they had at least seven children.

In 1570 he got a job as Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in London. He may have done both jobs for a year or two, and he certainly continued to write music for Lincoln for some years after that. He settled in London and started to make many friends. He was very careful to get to know lots of important people who would be able to help him in his career.

In 1575 Queen Elizabeth gave William Byrd and Thomas Tallis together a patent for music publishing. This meant that they earned some money for every bit of music that was published, printed or sold in England. Music publishing had only just started in England. It was still very expensive to have music printed. Byrd thanked the Queen by publishing some of his Latin motets and dedicating them to her. They were called "Cantiones Sacrae" ("Sacred Songs"). He also wrote a collection of "Psalmes, Sonets and Songs" (1588) and "Songs of Sundrie Natures" (1589). His church music includes settings of the Service and many anthems such as the popular "Sing joyfully".

In 1593 he moved with his family to Stondon Massey in Essex. He spent the rest of his life there. Most of his church music from that time on was in Latin. He wrote three settings of the Mass and two books of "Gradualia" which were large collections of music for the whole year. 

Byrd also wrote a lot of keyboard music. Some of it was for a collection called "My Ladye Nevells Booke", some of it was for the "Fitzwilliam Virginal Book".

He died on July 4, 1623, and is buried in an unmarked grave in the Stondon churchyard.

Byrd’s music has a lot of variety, largely because of the different ideas people had various times during the period. There were lots of political and religious arguments between groups of people. In the early 17th century people were often sent to prison for writing Catholic music. Byrd seems to have escaped such punishment, although he was involved in several lawsuits. He was lucky that he was able to continue to live as a free man and compose. Being on good terms with the Queen must have helped him.

Byrd wrote music for the Anglican church and for the Roman Catholic Church. His "Cantiones Sacrae" published in 1589 and 1591 are collections of Latin motets. These are the very best of Byrd’s works, and better than anything that was being written in Europe at that time. He probably wrote them for private (illegal) gatherings of Catholics, so this meant that he could write in whatever style he wanted. His music is very contrapuntal, representing the best of the English Renaissance style.

His Latin church music was forgotten after his death. It only became popular in the early 20th century when it was rediscovered.

Byrd also wrote very beautiful music for viols as well as a lot of keyboard music.



Cuneiform

Cuneiform script is one of the earliest known systems of writing. It used wedge-shaped marks on clay tablets, made by a reed stylus. The name "cuneiform" itself means "wedge shaped", from the Latin "cuneus" "wedge" and "forma" "shape". It came into English usage probably from the Old French "cunéiforme."

It was first used in Sumer in the late 4th millennium BC (the 'Uruk IV' period). Cuneiform writing began as a system of pictographs. In the third millennium, the signs became simplified and more abstract. Fewer characters were used, from about 1,000 in the early Bronze Age to about 400 in late Bronze Age (Hittite cuneiform). The system used a combination of phonetic, consonantal alphabetic (no vowels) and syllabic signs.

The original Sumerian script was adapted for the writing of the Akkadian, Eblaite, Elamite, Hittite, Luwian, Hattic, Hurrian, and Urartian languages, and it inspired the Ugaritic and Old Persian alphabets. Cuneiform writing was gradually replaced by the Phoenician alphabet during the Neo-Assyrian Empire. By the 2nd century BC, the script was extinct. All knowledge of how to read it was lost until it began to be deciphered in the 19th century.

Menes

Menes was a pharaoh of the first dynasty of ancient Egypt. He lived ca. 3100-3000 BC. He brought together Upper and Lower Egypt to make an empire. He wore the Pschent or double crown: the white crown of Upper Egypt and the red crown of Lower Egypt. He built the city of Memphis and made it the capital.

There is a lot of archeological evidence that there was a pharaoh named Narmer, but little evidence for a pharaoh named Menes. It is now believed that Menes was either Narmer, the pharaoh before Narmer, or Hor-Aha, who ruled after him.

More than 2000 years later Manetho, an Egyptian historian, wrote that Menes ruled for 62 years and was killed by a hippopotamus.

An image of Menes holding an ankh is on the frieze on the south wall of the U.S. Supreme Court building.



Bast

Bastet was the ancient Egyptian goddess of protection and cats. She was the warrior daughter and defender of Ra, who sent her to fight his archenemy Apep. As protectress, she was seen as defender of the pharaoh, after Sekhet, the lioness, and consequently of the chief god Ra.

Bast is also known as Bastet, Ubasti, and Pasch. She was worshiped at least since the Second Dynasty in Ancient Egypt. The centre of her cult was in Per-Bast ("Bubastis" in Greek), which was named after her. Originally she was seen as the protector goddess of Lower Egypt and her image was that of a fierce lion. The name Bast means '(female) devourer'.

In later times Bast became the goddess of protection and blessing and was the protectress of women, children and domestic cats. She was the goddess of sunrise, music, dance and pleasure as well as family, fertility and birth. When Anubis became the god of embalming, Bast, as goddess of ointment, was connected to him (sometimes viewed as his wife and sometimes as his mother) until Anubis became Nephthys' son. 

This gentler characteristic, of Bast as goddess of perfumes, following Lower Egypt's loss in the wars between Upper and Lower Egypt, meant that in the Middle Kingdom of Egypt she became seen as a domestic cat and not as a lioness. Owing to associations with the maternal nature of cats, Bast was also regarded as a good mother and she was commonly depicted with kittens. Sometimes Egyptian women who wanted children wore an amulet showing the goddess with kittens; the number of kittens on the amulet would correspond to how many children the woman wanted to have.

Bastet (Bast) was the most honored feline deity in Ancient Egypt. The cult of Bastet started around the town of Bubastis, located in the Eastern Delta in Lower Egypt (around 3,200 B.C.), and was an important town from the Old Kingdom through the Late Period. During early Egyptian times the city was called Per-Bast which translates into “the domain of Bast”. Later the city was called Bubastis and is today known as Tell Basta. Bastet was worshipped throughout other regions of the Egyptian region as well. Bast was worshipped in Memphis (during the Old Kingdom), where she was associated with Sekhmet; in Heliopolis (during the Old Kingdom) where she was called the “Daughter of Tem” (connected to Tefnut); in a city called “Hill of Bast” in the precinct of Mut in Thebes (during the New Kingdom) and in the city of Nit during the Late Period. Festivals celebrating Bastet were held in the cities of Bubastis, Memphis, Thebes (Luxor) and Esna. 

Names of the elaborate festivals of Bastet included: “Procession of Bastet”, “Bastet Protects the Two Lands”, “Bastet Goes Forth from Per-Bast”, “Bastet Appears Before Ra” and the “Festival of Hathor and Bastet”. Her main festivals were celebrated in April and May in Bubastis. Her festivals were characterized by music, dancing and wine and were some of the most popular festivals in Egypt at the time. For some festivals, over 700,000 people came from all over Egypt, often in boats, sailing along the Nile. 

In Bubastis, the festival began by making sacrifices to Bastet. The Temple of Bast stood in the town center so that it could be seen from everywhere and stood on raised ground. The outside wall of the temple was decorated with pictures of animals and inside the temple was a courtyard, planted with a grove of trees surrounding her shrine. Worshippers came from all over Egypt, often leaving offerings, bronze statues, amulets and mummified cats in her temple. Thousands of these cats were later found in underground crypts where her temple once stood. 

During the days of celebration, the Egyptians spent many days making music, dancing and being joyful. Worshippers went to her temple playing instruments, beating drums, shaking tambourines, carrying sistras (sacred rattles), singing and dancing through the streets. On the last night of the festival, a single light would be lit inside the Temple of Bast and from there the light would spread through the town, carried by devotees. Prayers throughout the night would be accompanied by music and incense. Bast was important in worship and the Egyptian people would make sacrifices to her of spices, water, wine, milk, bread and meat. Gifts of gold, diamonds, silver, perfumes and other riches would also be given. The people of Egypt would also dance and sing to her because was the goddess of both dance and song.

Bastet’s father was Ra, the God of the Sun and All Creation. Hathor (Sekment), the cow-headed god of the sky and women, was also a daughter of Ra. Hathor had two sons named Nefertem (meaning 'water lily' or 'the sun' or 'he who is beautiful'), the God of Healing, and Maahes, a solar lion-headed God of War. Bastet did not have a mother because Ra, as the Creator deity, was called “The Great He-She” and was considered to be able to be both male and female. Bastet's husband was Ptah, the god of Craftsmen, Rebirth and Creation. When associated with Isis, Bastet was sometimes called the “Soul of Isis”. 

These familial associations are somewhat misleading, however, because Egyptian gods shared relationships beyond traditional family contexts. Sekhmet, Bastet and dozens of other goddesses were considered to be “Eyes-of-Ra”. Bastet and Sekhmet were paired, for example, but they were paired geographically and not as opposite personalities of Bastet. The main place of Bastet’s worship was in Lower Egypt while Sekhmet was worshipped primarily in Upper Egypt. Egyptians traditionally associated Bastet as a “She of the North” and Sekhmet as a “She of the South”. Sometimes Bastet was also called “Lady of the East” (Protectress of the Eastern Delta) while Sekhmet was called the “Lady of the West” (Protectress of the Western Delta).



Ra

"This article is about the Egyptian Sun god Ra or Re. For the chemical element, see Radium"

In Egyptian mythology, Ra was the god of the sun, day, creation, sky, order and kings . He was the most important god in Ancient Egypt. He had many names, such as Amun-Ra, and Ra-Horakhty. It was said he was born each morning in the East, and died each night in the West. In the night he travelled through the underworld. This is why the west side of the Nile was known as the land of the dead. He had the head of a Falcon, the body of a man, and was the king of the Egyptian gods.

Ra was thought to be the god of the sun and creation. Ra’s name came from Re and Amun. The name Re was from Upper Egypt and the name Amun came from Lower Egypt. When Upper and Lower Egypt came together they changed the name to Amun-Re. Over thousands of years the name Amun-Re evolved into Amun-Ra and then just to Ra. From then on people called him Re or Ra. Ra used to mean “mouth” in the Egyptian language. Some names are: Re, the Creator, Khepry, etc.

Ra has many forms. His best-known form is the man with the head of a falcon and the sun disk above him. He may also be depicted as a scarab beetle or a man. One is Amun-Ra, which is a ram and the other, Ra-Hakorthaty which is a sky sun god.

Some time around the Middle Kingdom, Ra and Osiris became friends. This was unusual because Osiris lived in the Underworld and Ra lived in the Heavens. All the other gods wanted to be friends with Ra. They hoped that if they were friends with Ra, Ra would tell them his hidden name. But Ra did have some enemies. Seth was sometimes Ra’s enemy, but Seth "did" help Ra fight Apep, a snake god. The fact that Seth helped Ra reminded all of the gods that Seth was not all bad. Isis was another enemy of Ra, she had tricked him into giving her his hidden name so her husband Osiris could be king of the gods.

The cult of Ra began to grow from around the time of the II Dynasty, establishing Ra as the sun god. By the IV Dynasty, the Pharaohs were seen as "Sons of Ra". His worship increased much in the V Dynasty, when he became a state deity. Pharaohs had pyramids, obelisks, and solar temples built in his honor.

Ra was believed to be the greatest Egyptian god when it came to powers. His powers live in his hidden name. Only he knew his hidden name so only he could use the powers. It was said that he had the best powers throughout the land. He could make anything, he made people, he made the world, and he made the heavens. That is how great his powers were. One day Isis wanted to have his powers so she sent a serpent to poison him on his daily walk. The serpents venomous bite was so painful that Ra gave in and told her his secret name of creation.Then Isis banished Ra to the Duat, (Spirit World), so Osiris her husband could be king.

Ra's daughter with Nut (his granddaughter) was named Hathor, the goddess of love. Ra had two children Shu, the god of air and Tefnut, the goddess of morning dew. They had two children named Nut, the goddess of the sky and Geb, the god of earth. They had four children named Isis, the goddess of home, Nephthys, the goddess of mourning, Set, the god of the desert, and Osiris, god of the afterlife. They paired up and had two more children, Anubis, god of embalming, and Horus, god of the sky.



Jim Morrison

James Douglas (Jim) Morrison (December 8, 1943 – July 3, 1971) was an American musician. He was the lead singer of rock band The Doors.

Morrison was of English, Scottish and Irish descent. His father was an officer for the United States Navy. This meant that he moved around very often. Morrison did not have many friends and read many books. When he went to high school in 1962, his teacher was amazed by his culture. In 1964 he went to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).

One day in Venice Beach, Morrison saw Ray Manzarek. Manzarek had also gone to UCLA. Morrison sang some verses of "Moonlight Drive". Manzarek liked the intensity of the words to the song and asked Morrison to form a rock band with him. Morrison agreed and came up with the name "The Doors". The name was a reference of the Aldous Huxley book "The Doors of Perception" whose name came from a verse of the famous poet William Blake; "If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite."). The Doors was formed by Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore and Robby Krieger. In the beginning, Morrison would sing without looking the audience. After a while, he learned the play with them instead. He would jump and fall at stage with screams and jokes, inspired by rock idol Nick Serven.

Morrison became very famous all over the world as a poet, singer and sex symbol. Morrison had a problem with alcohol. He drank a lot and later albums were not as good as the first one. He wrote more poems and thought about stopping his career with The Doors. He took some drugs (mainly LSD) and become an addict. In 1969, in Miami, it was said that he was drunk and "exposed" himself.

Morrison was inducted, as a member of The Doors, into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

The last album, "L.A. Woman" was released in 1971. It is thought to be one of the band's best albums. That year Morrison decided to take a break and go to Paris. On July 3, he was found dead in his bathroom. The cause of his death is still not clear. Some believe that his heart failed or it was an overdose. Other people think it could have been a murder. His grave is at the Père-Lachaise, at the same place as Oscar Wilde, Molière and many other great poets and authors.


Anchovy

Anchovies are a family (Engraulidae) of small but common schooling saltwater plankton-feeding fish. They are found in scattered areas throughout the world's oceans. Anchovies are concentrated in temperate waters, and are rare or absent in very cold or very warm seas.

The anchovy is a small green fish with blue reflections. These reflections are due to a silver stripe that runs along the length of the fish from the base of the caudal fin. It is maximum in length. The body shape is variable with more slender fish in northern populations. The snout is blunt with small, sharp teeth in both jaws. The mouth is larger than those of herrings and silversides, two fish which they closely resemble. It eats plankton and fish larvae.

The Anchovy can tolerate a wide range of temperatures and salinity. Large schools can be found in shallow, brackish areas with muddy bottoms, as in estuaries and bays. 

Spawning occurs between October and March, but not in water colder than 12 °C. The anchovy appears to spawn 100 kilometers from the shore, near the surface of the water.

There are many Anchovies in the Mediterranean. They are regularly caught on the coasts of Sicily, Italy, France and Spain. The range of the species also extends along the Atlantic coast of Europe to the south of Norway.

The anchovy is a good food source for almost every predatory fish in its environment, including the California halibut, rock fish, yellowtail, sharks, chinook, and coho salmon. It is also extremely important to marine mammals and birds; for example, California brown pelicans and elegant terns. The breeding success of these birds is strongly connected to anchovy abundance. As time progresses and the anchovy population drops, the population of the predatory species are also expected to decline. 

They are also eaten by humans. Anchovies preserved by being gutted and salted in brine, matured, then packed in oil, are an important food fish, both popular and infamous for their strong flavor. In Roman times, they were the base for the fermented fish sauce called "garum" that was a staple of cuisine and an item of long-distance commerce produced in industrial quantities. Today they are a key ingredient in Caesar salad and Spaghetti alla Puttanesca, and are often used as a pizza topping. Because of the strong flavour they are also an ingredient in several sauces, including Worcestershire sauce and many fish sauces, and in some versions of Café de Paris butter. They are most commonly marketed in small tins, either as "flat" filets, or as "rolled anchovies" where each fillet is rolled around a caper. Both are quite salty. The flat fillets are usually more salty than the rolled anchovies. They are also marketed in jars and tubes as a paste, mostly for use in making sauces, such as anchovy essence. Fishermen also use anchovies as bait for larger fish such as tuna and sea bass. 

The strong taste that people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process. Fresh anchovies, known in Italy as "alici", have a much softer and gentler flavor. In English-speaking countries, "alici" are sometimes called "white anchovies", and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade.
This particular preservation method is associated with the coastal town of Collioure in south east France. The white fillets (a little like marinated herrings) are sold in heavy salt, or the more popular garlic or tomato oil and vinegar marinade packs.

The European anchovy, "Engraulis encrasicolus", is the anchovy of commerce. Morocco now leads the world in canned anchovies. The anchovy industry along the coast of Cantabria now dwarfs the traditional Catalan salters, though the industry was only started in Cantabria by Sicilian salters in the mid 19th century.

"Setipinna taty" or "ikan bilis" is the anchovy commonly used in South-East Asian cooking to make fish stock or sambals. Anchovy is also used to produce budu, by fermentation process.

Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning.

Overfishing of anchovies has been a problem. Since the 1980s, large mechanized anchovy fishing vessels based in France have caught the fish in fine-mesh dragnets.

On September 29th, 2006, it was reported in the Associated Press that millions of anchovies with a weight of over three tons, had beached themselves in northern Spain, near Colunga, Asturias. Tests on the dead fish did not detect any toxic chemical that could have caused the beaching, and the current working theory is that the school beached itself trying to escape from "hungry dolphins or tuna." If the beached specimens had grown to maturity, it would have been more than "100 tons of potential breeders."

Indigenous Australians

Indigenous Australians are the native people of Australia. They include the Aboriginal Australians as well as Torres Strait Islanders, and are often known together as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.

In the past, Indigenous Australians used weapons like boomerangs sticks and spears to kill animals for food. It is unknown where they came from and how they appeared in Australia. It is estimated they first arrived in their homeland between 50,000 and 65,000 years BP. Aboriginal people have their own type of art.

Many indigenous Australians suffered when Europeans from Britain and Ireland arrived in Australia. Disease and the loss of their hunting lands are two of the reasons.
The first people of Australia were nomadic people who came to Australia from southeast Asia. Scientists do not know exactly when they arrived but it is at least 60,000 years ago. They were hunter-gatherers.

When the British came to Australia in 1788, they called these native people "aboriginals", meaning people who had lived there since the earliest times.

There are now about 650,000 Aboriginal people living in Australia.

Aboriginal Australians believe that they have animal, plant, and human ancestors who created the world and everything in it. This process of creation is called Dreamtime. There are many songs and stories about Dreamtime, which generations of Aboriginal people have passed down to their children.

The modern-day art of the Aboriginal Australians is mostly based on old stories about Dreamtime. Paintings of the people, spirits, and animals of Dreamtime cover sacred cliffs and rocks in tribal territories. Some of the pictures are made in red and yellow ochre and white clay, others have been carved into the rocks. Many are thousands of years old.

The typical boomerang is designed to be self-returning, but it has to be properly thrown. Modern computer-designed boomerangs may have three or four wings instead of the traditional two. 

Boomerangs have been discovered in cultures with no connection with Australia (such as ancient Egypt), so their design was presumably mutually independent. Boomerangs are one of a group of weapons known as "throwsticks".

When British people came to live in Australia, they decided that the land was empty: that nobody "owned" the land, in the way Europeans used that word. This was called ""terra nullius"", Latin words for "empty land".

In 1976, the Australian government agreed that Aboriginal people have rights to the land where their tribes were originally located and gained the right to use the land. On 3 June, 1992, the High Court of Australia said that the idea of "terra nullius" was wrong, and the government brought in new laws, to set up Native Title. If Aboriginal people can prove they have always used particular land, it has not been sold, or changed by government acts, then the land could be claimed as Aboriginal land.


Ian Thorpe

Ian Thorpe (born 13 October 1982 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian swimmer. He won five gold medals at Olympic Games. He was the only swimmer who has won six gold medals in one World Championships (which he did in 2001) until Michael Phelps won seven in 2007. He is known for having large feet. At the age of 14, he became the youngest male ever to represent Australia,

A large baby, Thorpe weighed 4.1 kg (9.02 lb) and measured 0.59 m (1 ft 11 in) in length at birth.

On 12 July 2014, Thorpe revealed he is gay. 

Cathy Freeman

Cathy Freeman, OAM (born 16 February 1973) is a retired Australian sprinter. She ran mostly in the 400 metres event. She became the Olympic champion for the women's 400 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She lit the Olympic Flame at the beginning of the 2000 games. She has won several medals at the Commonwealth Games, the Olympics, and the IAAF World Championships. She retired from athletics in 2003.

Freeman was born in Slade Point, Mackay, Queensland. She is Aboriginal. Her mother was born in the Manbarra community on Palm Island. Freeman was raised as a Bahá'í.

In 1998, she was awarded Australian of the Year. In 2001, she was given both the World Sportswoman of the Year and the Medal of the Order of Australia.

Paris Hilton

Paris Whitney Hilton (born February 17, 1981) is an American socialite, media personality, model, singer, author, fashion designer, actress, businesswoman and DJ. Her great-grandfather founded the Hilton Hotels. She is an heiress (meaning she will receive part of the Hilton Hotel fortune which her family runs). Right now she lives in the city of Los Angeles, which is in the state of California. She used to have a little dog named Tinkerbell, who was a small type of Chihuahuha.

Hilton has been in the media for various reasons. She has become well known for the bad behaviour she sometimes shows in public. Another reason for her fame is that a home-made sex video (with her former boyfriend, Rick Salomon) leaked onto the Internet in 2003. Hilton and her friend Nicole Richie were the stars of the reality show "The Simple Life" for five seasons.

Paris Hilton was born in New York City. Paris is the oldest of four children. Her father is Richard and her mother is Kathy. She has a sister named Nicky who is three years younger than she is, and younger brothers, Conrad and Barron. Her grandfather is Barron Hilton and her great-grandfather was Conrad Hilton. Her step-great-grandmother was actress and socialite Zsa Zsa Gabor.

Paris Hilton lived in the Waldorf-Astoria area of Manhattan, which is part of New York City. She also lived in Beverly Hills, which is part of Los Angeles, and the Hamptons, which is on Long Island in New York. As a child she was good friends with Nicole Richie and Kim Kardashian. Her other childhood best friend is Nicky Hilton, her sister, who she spent a lot of time with and she still does. She went to her first year of high school at the Marywood-Palm Valley School in Rancho Mirage, California. Then she went to the Dwight School in New York for her second and third years of high school. She then had to move to the Canterbury Boarding School, in New Milford, Connecticut. Hilton played ice hockey there. She was forced to stop going to the school in the year 1999 because she did not follow the school rules.

Hilton has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

When Paris Hilton was a child she began modeling, most often at charity events. When she was 19, she joined with Donald Trump's modeling agency, T Management. Hilton has also worked with Ford Models in New York, Models 1 Agency in London, Nous Model Management in Los Angeles, and Premier Model Management in London. Her picture is in many advertisements, and some of them are Iceberg Vodka, GUESS, Tommy Hilfiger, Christian Dior, and Marciano. In 2001, people started looking at her as a socialite, and everyone called her "New York's leading 'It Girl'" (a girl who is good at knowing what clothes are stylish to wear and knows the latest gossip). 

Paris Hilton has appeared in a few movies. Her biggest role was in a scary movie called "The House of Wax". She also played small roles, called cameo roles, in the movies "Zoolander", "Wonderland", and "The Cat In The Hat". She played supporting roles in "Nine Lives, Raising Helen", and "The Hillzu". She was the hottie in the 2008 movie "The Hottie and the Naughty". More recently, Hilton plays Amber Sweet, the surgery- and painkiller-addicted daughter of a biotech magnate in the goth/rock musical "Repo! The Genetic Opera". Hilton is most famous in her movie career for a sex tape she filmed with then-boyfriend Rick Salomon. The tape was soon leaked onto the internet and became very famous. It features Hilton performing oral sex on Solomon and copulating with him and features some night-vision camera.

Paris Hilton is known for television shows the "Simple Life" and "The Simple Life 2". She did the show with her friend Nicole Richie. It was broadcasted on FOX TV until 2004 and was then picked up by E! Network for two more seasons before cancellation in 2006. Hilton mclaren p1 has also played guest roles, in episodes of The O.C., The George Lopez Show, Las Vegas, American Dreams, Dogg After Dark, and Veronica Mars. Also, she was in a few music videos, for example "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by clawfinger zeroes and heroes . In April 2008, she guest starred on the My Name is Earl episode "I Won't Die with a Little Help from My Friends". Another famous show she is on right now is "Paris Hilton's My New BFF". On this show girls try to become Paris's new best friend.

Paris released her debut studio album which is called "Paris". They include the songs "Screwed", and "Stars are Blind", which was a hit in 17 different countries.

In early 2004, Paris Hilton began selling a book about herself, "Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose", which was mostly written by Merle Ginsberg. The book has hundreds of photographs of her and contains her advice on life as an heiress. Hilton reportedly received a $100,000 advance payment for this book. The book was made fun of by Robert Mundell on The Late Show with David Letterman. The book became a New York Times bestseller. Hilton then made a designer diary, also mostly made by Merle Ginsberg, called "Your Heiress Diary: Confess It All to Me".

Amun

Amun was one of the eight ancient Egyptian gods who formed the Ogdoad of Hermopolis. He was the god of the air and his consort was Ament (Amaunet).
In Egyptian mythology, Amun was a very powerful god. He was often combined with Ra to form the god Amun-Ra. At one point in Egyptian history, he was called the "King of the Gods".

Amun (also spelled Amon, Amoun, Amen, and sometimes Imen, "Egyptian" Yamanu) was the name of a deity, in Egyptian mythology, who became one of the most important deities in Ancient Egypt. In later years, bined with Horus into one god.

He began as a Theban wind and fertility god and ended up the supreme deity, with most of Egypt's vast wealth dedicated to his temple. Around the second millennium B.C.E., Thebes and its cult of Amun grew so powerful that it threatened worship of the sun god, Ra. The two deities merged. Amun-Ra was hailed as a national god, the creator of the universe, the pharaoh's personal protector, and the god of war.

Amun's name is first recorded as "imn". That means "The hidden (one)". Vowels were not written in Egyptian hieroglyphics, but Egyptologists think the name survives into the Coptic language as "Amoun."

It was thought that he had created himself and then created everything else while remaining distant from the rest of the world. In that sense, he was the original inscrutable and indivisible creator. 

Amun was shown in human form, seated on a throne, wearing on his head a plain deep circlet from which rise two straight parallel plumes, maybe meant as had no father 


When Amun had become more important than Menthu, the local war god of Thebes, Menthu was called the son of Amun. However, as Mut was infertile, it was believed that she, and thus Amun, had adopted Menthu instead.

The worship of Ammon as creator was introduced into Greece at an early period, probably through the medium of the Greek colony in Cyrene, which must have formed a connection with the great oracle of Ammon in the Oasis soon after its establishment. When Alexander the Great invaded Egypt in 332 BC, he was pronounced the metaphorical son of Amun at this oracle, thus conquering Egypt without a fight. Henceforth, currency depicted him adorned with the horns of Ammon. This tradition continued for centuries, with Alexander being referred to in the Qur'an as "Dhu al-Qarnayn" (The Two-Horned One), a reference to his depiction on Middle Eastern coins.


Aten

Aten is the disk of the Sun in ancient Egyptian mythology, and an aspect of the Sun-god Ra. Aten was pictured as a sun with rays that ended in hands.

The deified Aten is the focus of the monotheistic religion of Atenism established by Amenhotep IV, who later took the name Akhenaten in worship and recognition of the Aten. In his poem "Great Hymn to the Aten", Akhenaten praises Aten as the creator, and giver of life. Akhenaten was the first person to attempt to make a monotheistic religion.

The worship of Aten was eradicated by Horemheb.


Clam

A clam is a type of shellfish. Clams can be found in saltwater and freshwater. This is a common usage term, and so includes quite a variety of shellfish. Clams are a fairly common form of bivalve, therefore making it part of the phylum Mollusc. There are many clams in the ocean, but some can also be found in some lakes, streams, and rivers.

The word 'clam' is often applied to those that are edible and live almost of their lives halfway buried in the seafloor. Clams have two shells of equal size connected by two aductor muscles and have a powerful burrowing foot. 

Clams for cooking do not live attached to rocks (whereas oysters and mussels do). Clams are often got by digging and cooked and served as clam chowder. They may be found on menus in restaurants that serve seafood.

Clams eat plankton, and are eaten by small sharks and squid. 
Clams have a burrowing foot that they use to dig down into the sand or mud to hide.

The shell has three layers. The top one is called mother-of-pearl because it is a coating of pearl material. 

A living freshwater clam can work like a filter in fish tanks to keep the water clean.

Some clams have life cycles of only one year, while at least one may be over 500 years old. All clams have two calcareous shells or valves joined near a hinge with a flexible ligament, and all are filter feeders.

Bes

Bes was the ancient Egyptian god of protection of pregnant women, newborn babies and the family. He was a dwarf wearing a lion's skin. Bes does not look like he is Egyptian. He is like gods found in other parts of Africa.

To scare away demons during birth, Bes would dance around the room, shaking his rattle and yelling to scare away demons that might put a curse on the child. After the child was born, Bes would stay by him/her. When a baby laughed or smiled for no reason, Egyptians believed that Bes was somewhere in the room making funny faces.

His name appears to be connected to a Nubian word for "cat", "besa", which literally means "protector". Egyptians kept cats in order to attack snakes, and creatures that might ruin crop stores, such as mice, and so Bes was naturally singled out as worthy of worship in Egypt.

Images of the god were kept in homes to protect from evil and so he was shown quite differently from the other gods. Normally gods were shown in profile, but instead Bes appeared in portrait, and sometimes in a soldier's tunic, so as to appear ready to launch an attack on any approaching evil.

In the New Kingdom, tattoos of Bes could be found on the thighs of dancers, musicians and servant girls.

Like many Egyptian gods, the worship of Bes was exported overseas, and he was popular with the Phoenicians and the (ancient) Cypriots.

Bes, the family god, protected children from the dangers of snakes and scorpions. Like the hippopotamus god Taweret, Bes was the protector of women in childbirth. The Egyptians put a statue in their room or a carving over their bed to protect them from bad dreams. He brought good luck and good health to all that honored him. This household deity was also the god of music, dance and pleasure.

Bes was shown in full-face, unlike the other gods who were drawn in profile. This bandy-legged, large bellied dwarf wore an animal pelt and feathered headdress. He brandished a weapon or played a musical instrument while hopping about. Bes’ tail and lion’s mane stood out from his dwarfish features. With his tongue sticking out or teeth bared, this god had a place in every home.

Bes started out as multiple demons, which morphed to form a rearing lion as his first combined form. His power increased from the Old Kingdom to the New Kingdom. He started out as the protector of the pharaoh but shifted to being worshiped by civilians. In the New Kingdom, the female form, Beset developed from Bes. Items with his depiction were common in a very broad field, which included Sub-Sahara Africa, modern Turkey, Cyprus, Syria and Assyria. This implies that Bes was highly popular in the Middle East. The fact that Bes was depicted full-face suggests he originated from Africa.



Hokkaido Wolf

The Hokkaido wolf "(Canis lupus hattai)" is a subspecies of Gray Wolf. Scientists believe it became extinct in 1889. There are people who said to have seen some Hokkaido wolves after that year, but there is no proof that they actually did.

In the Meiji Restoration in Japan, Japanese farmers wanted to have American-style ranches for raising livestock. A US farmer named Edwin Dun started to import livestock to Japan. When the wolves began attacking the livestock, the farmers started to kill them, by using poison.


Hornet

Hornets are the largest of the social wasps. They can reach up to 55mm (5.5 cm, 2.2in) in length. The "true hornets" make up the genus Vespa. True hornets can be distinguished from other vespines by the form of their head. Hornets live in Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas. They live in warm and wet forests, and in desert climates. They do not occur in climates where it is cold all year round.

First a queen starts to build a nest. This depends on the weather. In North America this happens in spring. As the hornet that starts to build the nest, she is the architect of the nest's design. In the built space she will lay eggs. These hatch, and become larvae. The queen will feed the first larvae, until they make a cocoon. After transforming, they will become the first "workers". These will do most of the work. The workers will build a hierarchy amongst themselves.

If the space where the nest is built becomes too small, the colony will move to another spot.

In autumn young queens will hatch. Young males will hatch from unfertilized eggs. These males are called drones. The young queens will build a cocoon to spend the winter, once they have been fertilized. All the other animals will die with the first frost.

Hornets and yellowjackets are good for gardens. This is because their prey is mostly made of insects which are considered pests. They also feed on bees, but their colonies only last for a year, they die in winter. A medium-sized colony, made of 300-400 animals will need about 500g (half a kilo, 1 lb) of food per day, during the high season, that is in the summer months. Animals hunted include flies, wasps, bees, locusts, beetles, caterpillars, dragonflies and spiders.

Hornets are often confused with yellowjackets. Yellowjackets are smaller, and their coloring is different. They are bright yellow and black.

Yellowjackets are attracted to the "sweetness" of human foods, especially in autumn. Hornets feed on live insects, this sweetness does not attract them.

Some other large wasps are sometimes referred to as "hornets". This is particularly true for the bald-faced hornet in North America. The bald-faced hornet is mostly black and white in coloring. This is very different from the black-and-yellow coloring of other wasps. It is set apart by its black and ivory coloration. The name "hornet" is used for this and related species mainly because of their habit to make aerial nests (similar to the true hornets') rather than the nests underground the wasps use. Another example is the Australian hornet, which is actually a species of potter wasp.

There are some animals that have changed their appearance to look like hornets. In these case, looking like a hornet is a defense for the animal, because it will be attacked less often. These animals include the Lunar Hornet Moth, the Hornet Moth, the Hornet Mimic Hoverfly. This behaviour is called Batesian mimicry

There is a kind of beetle, called "Velleius dilatatus" that lives with hornet nests. It lives from the leftovers of the hornets' food, and from dead hornets. It finds hornet nests with its very good sense of smell.

Flying hornets which are hunting and which are not close to their nest will usually not sting, unless they feel threatened. They should not be squeezed; making a breeze at them can also irritate them and make them feel threatened.

Hornets hunt when there is only little light available - humans will call it darkness. Like other insects they are attracted to light. If possible, the light should be extinguished for a short time. The hornets will then continue as usual. If it is not possible to put out the light, a glass jar can be used to catch the hornet. With a paper under the glass, the hornet can then be transported to a safe place away from that light where it can be released.

Hornets will defend their nest, or hive. Depending on the species of hornet, they will do this in a radius of between . Concussions within that radius should be avoided. If they are disturbed often, they will make this radius bigger. There are specially trained people who can move hornet nests - note that in many parts of Europe, the hornet is an endangered species; killing a hornet, destroying or disturbing a hornet nest can lead to a fine.

Hornets have a stinger. They use this to kill prey, and to defend themselves. 
Hornet stings can be very painful, but they are not more dangerous than the stings of other wasps or bees. With every sting, there is the danger of an allergic reaction and of shock after this reaction. Also, stings in the area of the mouth can make breathing difficult, or impossible.

People who are allergic develop an Anaphylaxis - an allergic reaction. This can be fatal, if it is not treated immediately with Epinephrine (also known as Adrenaline).

Hornets can alert the whole nest. This means that all workers there will defend it. This can lead to a dangerous situation. One sting of a hornet is not dangerous; with 200 to 250 of them, the situation is different.


Geb

In Egyptian mythology, Geb is the god of the earth. Geb is the husband and brother of the sky goddess Nut and the father of Osiris, Isis, Nephthys, Horus the Elder, and Set. When Seth and Horus (Osiris' son) fought to become the king of Egypt, Geb made Horus the ruler of the living. Geb's parents are Tefnut and Shu. Geb and Nut together formed the permanent boundary between the primeval waters and the newly created world. The ancient Egyptians believed that earthquakes were Geb's laughter. 

The animals of Geb are a snake and a goose (a goose is sometimes depicted on Geb's head). Geb is sometimes equivalent to Greek titan Kronos.Geb is also god of vegetation. Geb is part of the second generation in the Ennead (group of nine gods) of Heliopolis. 

He was the third divine ruler among the gods; the human pharaohs claimed to be descended from him, and the royal throne was referred to as “the throne of Geb.”
The story of how Shu, Geb, and Nut were separated in order to create the cosmos is now being interpreted in more human terms; exposing the hostility and sexual jealousy. Between the father-son jealousy and Shu rebelling against the divine order, Geb challenges Shu's leadership. Geb takes Shu's wife, Tefnut, as his chief queen, separating Shu from his sister-wife. Just as Shu had previously done to him. In the book of the Heavenly Cow, it is implied that Geb is the heir of the departing sun god. After Geb passed on the throne to Osiris, his son, he then took on a role of a judge in the Divine Tribunal of the gods.

In the Heliopolitan "Ennead" (a group of nine gods created in the beginning by the one god Atum or Ra), Geb is the husband of Nut, the sky or visible daytime and nightly firmament, the son of the earlier primordial elements Tefnut (moisture) and Shu ('emptiness'), and the father to the four lesser gods of the system – Osiris, Seth, Isis and Nephthys. In this context, Geb was believed to have originally been engaged with Nut and had to be separated from her by Shu, god of the air. Consequently, in mythological depictions, Geb was shown as a man reclining, sometimes with his phallus still pointed towards Nut. Geb and Nut together formed the permanent boundary between the primeval waters and the newly created world.

In Geb’s temple, priests fed him everyday like many of the other gods. When gifts were given, people were allowed to go to the gate or the forecourt. The priests would collect gifts that the ordinary Egyptians gave to the gods. Priests would pray to honor Geb for the people who came to the temple. The temple was made out of big stone columns that supported a great big hall. There were also very big gates that opened up to the Great Hall. The rooms or chambers were lit by candles, and incense would make the rooms smell nice and clean the air in the temple. The chambers gradually decreased in size as priests went in and created a mysterious feeling. The priests then found the chapel in the shrine, which contained the Naos (a naos is a small shrine) which had the statue of Geb.

Geb’s symbol was a goose and his skin was sometimes green, representing the Nile River or black representing rich soil for vegetation. Geb was depicted as a man wearing the crown of the North and other times he wore the crown of the South of Egypt. Geb also sometimes wore a white crown or a goose on his head representing the earth. Geb held a staff in his left hand and in his right hand he usually held an ankh, which is the hieroglyph that meant life. Not only did Geb wear a goose on top of his head but sometimes his would be covered by a goose head.

Geb was so powerful that when he laughed, he made earthquakes start. That is why he was named the Great Cackler. Just like other gods, Geb was very strong and could live a long time. To show his powers for making life from the earth, Geb is sometimes drawn with flowers coming out of his elbow. He had many names which were Geb, Gebb, Seb, Sebb, Keb, and Kebb.


Sting (disambiguation)

A sting is an injury which a person receives from a stinger. Animals such as bees have them. They tend to hurt a lot and have several different cures.

Sting may also refer to:

Type O Negative

Type O Negative was a doom metal band from Brooklyn, New York. The band was started in 1989 and ended in 2010.





Doom metal

Doom metal is a form of heavy metal. The music sounds heavy and it is slower than other metal genres. Lyrics play a very important part in this genre. They are normally about sad subjects like pain, death and pessimism.


Candlemass

Candlemass is a doom metal band from Sweden. The band was formed in 1984 in Stockholm.


Split album

A split album is a music album which includes tracks by two or three separate artists.

Brown dwarf

A brown dwarf is an object which is made of the same things as stars, but does not have enough mass for hydrogen fusion (the combining of hydrogen atoms into helium atoms). Nuclear fusion is what makes stars glow. Brown dwarfs are not massive enough to do this, so they are not regular stars. On the other hand, they are not regular giant planets, because they do glow. They are thought to be many but few have been found because their absolute magnitude is small.

Their mass is between the heaviest gas giants and the lightest stars, with an upper limit around 75 to 80 times the mass of Jupiter ("M"). Brown dwarfs more massive than 13 "M" are thought to fuse deuterium and those above ~65 "M", fuse lithium as well.

Despite their name, most brown dwarfs would appear magenta to the human eye.
The nearest known brown dwarf is WISE 1049-5319 about 6.5 light years away, a binary system of brown dwarves discovered in 2013.

What became known as brown dwarfs were talked about in the 1960s. Alternative names for brown dwarfs were proposed, including planetar and substar. They remained hypothetical for decades.

Early theories suggested that an object less than 0.09 solar masses would never go through normal stellar evolution. The discovery of deuterium-burning down to 0.012 solar masses and the impact of dust formation in the cool outer atmospheres of brown dwarfs in the late 1980s brought these theories into question. However, such objects were hard to find because they emit almost no visible light. Their strongest emissions are in the infrared (IR) spectrum, and ground-based IR detectors were too imprecise at that time to readily identify any brown dwarfs.

For many years, efforts to discover brown dwarves were fruitless. In 1988, however, GD 165B was discovered, showing none of the features expected of a low-mass red dwarf star. Today, GD 165B is recognized as the prototype of a class of objects now called "L dwarfs". Although the discovery of the coolest dwarf was highly significant at the time, it was debated whether GD 165B would be classified as a brown dwarf or simply a very-low-mass star, because observationally it is very difficult to distinguish between the two.

Soon after the discovery of GD 165B, other brown-dwarf candidates were reported. Most failed to live up to their candidacy, however, because the absence of lithium showed them to be stellar objects. True stars will burn their lithium within a little over 100 million years (my), whereas brown dwarfs will not. Confusingly, brown dwarves have temperatures and luminosities similar to some true stars. In other words, the detection of lithium in the atmosphere of an object means that, if it is older than 100 my, it is a brown dwarf.

In 1994/5 the study of brown dwarfs changed with the discovery of two definite substellar objects (Teide 1 and Gliese 229B). 

The first confirmed brown dwarf was discovered in 1994. They called this object Teide 1 and it was found in the Pleiades open cluster. "Nature" highlighted "Brown dwarfs discovered, official" in the front page of that issue. The distance, chemical composition, and age of Teide 1 was established because it is in the young Pleiades star cluster. Teide 1's mass is 55 times that of Jupiter, and clearly below the stellar-mass limit. 

More notable was Gliese 229B, which was found to have a temperature and luminosity well below the stellar range. Remarkably, its near-infrared spectrum clearly exhibited a methane absorption band at 2 micrometres, a feature that had previously only been observed in the atmospheres of giant planets and that of Saturn's moon Titan. This discovery helped to establish yet another spectral class even cooler than L dwarfs, known as "T dwarfs", for which Gliese 229B is the prototype.

A brown dwarf below 65 Jupiter masses is unable to burn lithium by thermonuclear fusion at any time during its evolution. High-quality spectral data showed that Teide 1 had kept the initial lithium amount of the original molecular cloud from which Pleiades stars formed. This proved the lack of thermonuclear fusion in its core. 

Teide 1 was considered for some time the smallest object out of the Solar System that had been identified by direct observation. Since then over 1800 brown dwarfs have been identified. Some are very close to Earth such as Epsilon Indi Ba and Bb, a pair of brown dwarfs gravitationally bound to a sunlike star around 12 light-years from the Sun, and WISE 1049-5319 a binary system of brown dwarfs about 6.5 light-years away.

For some years now there has been debate concerning what criterion to use for defining the separation between a very-low-mass brown dwarf and a giant planet (~13 Jupiter masses). One school of thought is based on formation, and another on interior physics.

Dividend

Dividends are payments made by a company to its shareholders. When a company earns more money than it spends, the extra money can either be spent on making the company better or it can be given to the people who own stock in the company as a dividend.

Camille Dalmais

Camille Dalmais (born 1978, Paris, France) is a French singer. She is famous in France. Her first album was made in 2002.

Age of Mythology: The Titans

Age of Mythology: The Titans is a 2003 computer game made by Ensemble Studios. It is an expansion pack to "Age of Mythology".

Germanicus

Germanicus Caesar (24 May 15 BC – 10 October 19 AD) was a Roman general. He was the son of the general Nero Claudius Drusus, and nephew of Emperor Tiberius.

Germanicus commanded the Roman forces in their campaign of 14/16 AD against the Germanic tribes. Three whole Roman legions had been wiped out in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest in 9 AD. It was the greatest disaster in Roman military history.

Plans for the revenge were started by the Emperor Augustus, and put into effect by his successor Tiberius. Germanicus had command of eight legions, one-third of the Roman Army. He destroyed the opposing German tribes, and recovered two of the three symbolic legionary eagles which had been lost. He was called back by Tiberius after he crossed the Rhine. The reasons for the recall are not agreed, but Augustus had set the Rhine as the limit of Rome's ambitions in Germany.

Germanicus was given an official triumph. A contemporary calendar gives 26 May as the day in which "Germanicus Caesar was borne into the city in triumph". Coins issued under his son Gaius (Caligula) depicted him on a triumphal chariot, with the reverse reading "Standards Recovered. Germans Defeated".

In AD 18 he was given charge of the eastern part of the empire and fought in Asia and Egypt. Germanicus died in Syria of unknown causes.

PS10 solar power plant

The PS10 Solar Power Plant () is a solar power plant in Sanlucar la Mayor, Spain.

The plant is made up of a tower in the center of a large field covered in many mirrors. Each of the 624 moveable mirrors has an area of 120 m (1290 ft). The mirrors reflect the light from the Sun to the top of the tower. The heat warms water within pipes in the central tower turning it into steam. The steam drives turbines which, at their peak, put out 11 MW of electricity.

The planet is good for providing electricity during the hottest parts of the day when air conditioning demand is the highest.


Feyenoord

Feyenoord Rotterdam is a Dutch football team from Rotterdam. They play their home matches in the Feijenoord Stadium, also called De Kuip. Feyenoord is created on July 19,1908. Their home uniform is a red and white shirt with black shorts and black socks. Their away colours for the 2007/2008 season are a black, red and white shirt with black shorts and black socks. They play in the Eredivisie, which is the highest football competition in The Netherlands. Everytime Feyenoord scores at home, the song "I Will Survive" by The Hermes House band is played.



Headquarters

Headquarters is a name given to the main building of an organization where most of its functions are done. All large companies have headquarters which control the business. A large non-governmental organization also has a Headquarters building where its activities are controlled. The term is also used regarding military organizations. In Some Fire Departments,their Headquarters can be located inside a Firehouse for administrative staff and units or most Fire Departments have a separate Headquarters Building where all administrative staff and units are located. All Units in the United States Army and Marine Corps have buildings for their Headquarters staff and all administrative duties for Companies,Battalions,Regiments,Etc. In United States Law Enforcement Agencies Their Headquarters can be located in a large building in a City,Town,County or State where the Law Enforcement Agencies are located. 

Estates Theatre

The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo in Prague is one of the oldest and most beautiful opera houses in Europe.

The Estates Theatre became part of the National Theatre in 1948. People from three different groups perform opera, ballet, and drama there. The same people also perform at the National Theatre (Národní divadlo), and the Theatre Kolowrat (Divadlo Kolowrat).

The Estates Theatre was built during the late 18th century. At first it was known as Count Nostitz’s Theatre. The theatre opened in 1783 with a performance of the tragedy "Emilia Galotti" by the German playwright Gotthold Lessing. It was built in the Neoclassical style. Today it is one of the very few theatres that have hardly changed since it was built.

Although the building is almost the same it always was, the organisation of the Estates Theatre has changed several times in its history. In 1798 it was called the Estates Theatre when it was bought by the Czech Estates. When the Provisional Theatre opened in 1862 the Estates Theatre started to put on German plays and the name was changed to the Royal Provincial German Theatre. From 1920 and 1948 it got its name (Estates Theatre) back again. In 1948 the organization became part of the National Theatre and was called Tyl Theatre (after dramatist J.K. Tyl). In 1990, after some restoration, it became known again as the Estates Theatre.

Many of the greatest artists worked or had their music or plays performed in the Estates Theatre. In 1787 the first performance took place of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's opera "Don Giovanni". Mozart's opera "La Clemenza di Tito" was also staged there for the first time in celebration of the coronation of Emperor Leopold II. Other famous people who conducted there were Carl Maria von Weber and Gustav Mahler. 

Czech plays were often performed there. This made people interested in performing in Czech and so, in 1848, the National Theatre was built.

Today the Estates Theatre is still famous for dramas, ballets and operas. The opera company especially perform the operas of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The movie about Mozart which was called Amadeus was filmed in the Estates Theatre.


National Theatre (Prague)

The Národní Divadlo or the National Theatre in Prague is a very famous building which has been very important for more than 150 years for the culture of Czech history.

In the middle of the 19th century there were a lot of political changes in Europe. Prague had been part of the Austrian Empire. The official language was German. Bohemia (which included Prague) and Moravia now form the area of the Czech Republic. In the 19th century the Czechs in these areas wanted to be able to put on plays and operas in the Czech language. The National Theatre was built at a time when this was starting to become possible.

The National Theatre was built because the Czech people wanted their own national identity. The first stone was laid on May 16, 1868. It was opened on June 11 1881 to honour the visit of Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria. Another 11 performances were given after that. Then the theatre was closed down to finish the building. While people were working to finish it a fire broke out on August 12 1881 which destroyed most of it. However, a lot of money was found and it was built again and opened on November 18 1883 with a performance of Smetana’s opera "Libuše" which he had composed for this occasion. The story of the opera is based on a mythological story about how Prague began.

It was an excellent theatre, and it was not until 1977 that any more re-building was necessary. Then it was closed for six years, and opened again in time for the 100th anniversary of its opening: on November 18 1983. On that day again there was a performance of Smetana’s "Libuše".

Today the National Theatre has three ensembles (groups of people): opera, ballet and drama. These ensembles all perform in the National Theatre, the Estates Theatre and the Theatre Kolowrat. They put on a lot of Czech plays and operas, but also productions from other parts of the world.

Drone

Drone can mean:

In nature:

In vehicles:

In fiction:

In music:

Drone (music)

In music, a drone is a note which sounds all the time while a piece of music is played. Some folk instruments always make a drone when they are played: bagpipes and hurdy gurdies in European culture, sitars in Indian music, and many other instruments in Asian and African music. Sometimes more than one drone is heard (often two notes which are a fifth apart).

Music with drones has to have simple harmonies because it is not possible to modulate to different keys. Other things can make up for this, for example, Scottish bagpipe music has lots of little ornamental notes to make it interesting.

Some Western Composers liked to use a drone (especially one in fifths) to make it sound like bagpipes or other folk instruments. Bach, François Couperin and other Baroque composers often called such pieces "Musette" (the French for "bagpipes"). Sometimes they did this in orchestral music: Haydn used a drone in the last part of his Symphony No. 104 to accompany a folk tune.


Pedal point

A pedal point (or pedal note) is a note which keeps sounding for several bars, usually in the bass (the lowest notes). They are often used towards the end of a piece of music to help to drive the music to a climax. They are called "pedal" notes because they are often heard in organ music where the player puts one of his feet on a pedal note and holds it there.

Pedal points are usually on either the tonic (main key note) (tonic pedal) or the dominant (5th note of the scale) (dominant pedal) tones.

A good example of a dominant pedal can be seen in the "Prelude in C major" from Book I of the "Well-Tempered Clavier" by Bach.

An example of a tonic pedal can be seen in the third movement of Brahms's "German Requiem", where the double basses play continuous D's in the last section. Because this lasts for the whole section some people might prefer to call this a drone.

A double pedal is two pedal tones played at the same time.

An inverted pedal is a pedal that is not in the bass. It is often in the highest part.


Euclidean geometry

Euclidean geometry is a system in mathematics. People think Euclid was the first person who described it; therefore, it bears his name. He first described it in his textbook "Elements". The book was the first systematic discussion of geometry as it was known at the time. In the book, Euclid first assumes a few axioms. These form the base for later work. They are intuitively clear. Starting from those axioms, other theorems can be proven. 

In the 19th century other forms of geometry were found. These are non-Euclidean geometry. Carl Friedrich Gauss, János Bolyai, and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky were some people that developed such geometries. Very often, these do not use the parallel postulate, but the other four axioms.

Euclid makes the following assumptions. These are axioms, and need not be proved.

Euclidean geometry is a first-order theory. With it, statements like "For all triangles..." can be made, and be proven. Statements like "For all sets of triangles..." are outside the scope of the theory.

János Bolyai

János Bolyai (December 15, 1802 – January 27, 1860) was a Hungarian mathematician, known for his work in non-Euclidean geometry.

Diana (mythology)

In Roman mythology, Diana was the goddess of hunting, and in later times, the moon and chastity. Cypress trees were sacred to her. She was the daughter of Jupiter and the Titan Latona (or Leto). In Greek mythology, Diana was called Artemis. She is also associated with fertility and nature. Artemis is her Greek equivalent.

According to mythology Diana was born with her twin brother Apollo on the island of Delos. Apollo was her only real brother but she had many half brothers and sisters from her father. Her half-siblings were Vulcan, Minerva, Mercury, Bacchus, Mars, and Proserpine. Diana made a group of three with two other Roman deities: Egeria the water nymph, her servant and midwife helper; and Virbius, the god of the woods. Diana is a maiden goddess which means she can't marry.


Thoth

In Egyptian mythology, Thoth was the deity of scribes. He is thought to be one of the most important said to be born from the skull of Seth also said to be born from the heart of Ra. 

Thoth was considered the heart and tongue of Ra. He was also the one who translated Ra's will into speech. 

The main shrine of Thoth was at Khemennu. It was there that he was the head of the local company of deities. He also had shrines in Abydos, Hesert, Urit, Per-Ab, Rekhui, Ta-ur, Sep, Hat, Pselket, Talmsis, Antcha-Mutet, Bah, Amen-heri-ab, and Ta-kens.

Thoth was mostly prayed in the early dynasty. He was also prayed through the five days of celebration. They would sing hymns and chant spells for Thoth. There were many celebrations like "The feast of Thoth" in the year. He was a major god for the early dynasty.

Thoth played very important roles in Egyptian myths. He was said to have resurrected Osiris after he was slain by Seth and also later resurrected his son, Horus. He was also credited for creating 365 days instead of 360. One myth explains how Ra bans Nut from having children on any day of the year. Thoth then goes to the moon god, Khonsu, and gambles five days out of him, therefore giving five days (the demon days) when Nut can have children. He also was sometimes said to take the place of the Primeval Goose and be the creator of the world and all other gods.

Thoth had one direct relation to Ma'at that people know of, although some myths say he was the son of Ra. His feminine counterpart was a goddess named Seshat. She was also sometimes credited to be the inventor of hieroglyphs, while Thoth taught them. She was also said to be Thoth’s wife or daughter.

Ma'at also played a big role next to Thoth. He was there at the weighing of the heart, noting, while Ma’at weighed the heart. They both stood on either side of Ra’s boat and also he was sometimes said to be Ma’at’s husband. Ma'at was the goddess of law, order, truth, and justice.

Thoth was a unique god. He is said to have two forms: an ibis-headed human and a squatting dog-headed baboon. He held a stylus and a pallet, and sometimes the symbol of life, called the Ankh.

Thoth had many titles and a lot of roles. He was often called “Three times Great”. He was mediator, messenger, scribe and teacher. Some of his titles included;
‘Scribe of Ma’at in the company of the gods’
‘Lord of Ma’at’
‘Lord of divine words’
‘Judge of the two combatant gods’
‘Three times great’ or ‘Thrice Great’
These numerous titles show that Thoth had a very significant importance to ancient Egyptian mythology. He had his high point of worship in the Old Kingdom.

When the Greeks conquered Egypt, they equated Thoth with Hermes, their messenger god. Thoth’s central city was Khemenu, (where he has his chief temple) which the Greeks renamed to Hermopolis, city of Hermes. Today, ancient temples and ruins worshiping Thoth are there and what used to be Khemenu is now el-Eshmunein.




List of Germanic deities

This is a list of Germanic deities that are in Norse mythology.
Divided between the "Æsir" and the "Vanir", and sometimes including the "jötnar" (giants), the dividing line between these groups is less than clear. However, it is usually accepted that the Æsir (including Óðinn, Þór and Týr) were warrior gods, while the Vanir (mainly Njörður, Freyja and Freyr) were fertility gods. Various other groups of beings, including elves, dwarves and jötnar were probably minor gods, and might have had small cults and sacred places devoted to them. 

List of Egyptian deities

This is a list of Egyptian Gods and goddesses from Egyptian mythology. The old Egyptians worshipped a few gods at different times and in different places. Some gods changed in importance over time or were nonexistent until later eras.

Nut (goddess)

In Egyptian mythology, Nut was the goddess of the sky. Her body made a protective layer over the Earth. Nut was the sister and wife of Geb, and the mother of (with Ra) Osiris, Nephthys,Isis and Seth and grandmother of Horus. Horus was also a grandchild of Ra.

The ancient Egyptians believed that Nut swallowed the sun-god, Ra, every night and gave birth to him every morning.

Although Nut was pictured in many temples and tombs, as well as on ceilings. She was not well observed in popular places.

Nut was the goddess of the sky but had many other purposes as well. She had three other names: Nuit, Newet, and Nueth. Nut was known as the mother of all gods, including Ra (her grandfather) because she swallowed him up every night and gave birth to him again in the morning. She was also the mother of heavenly bodies, whose laughter was thunder and tears were rain. She often carried the sun across the sky. She played a part in funeral beliefs and was sometimes drawn on the tops of sarcophagi. Nut was one of the nine major gods. She was the personification of the sky and the heavens. Egyptians called her "the mother of the sky". Nut was one of the oldest deities among history.

As the sky goddess, Nut was shown arching over Geb (earth god), her fingertips near his head and her toes by his feet. She was commonly pictured dark blue and wore no robes, although some Egyptians believed that Nut wore a rainbow-colored robe, with stars all over her body. Big paintings of her were often found on ceilings of tomb chambers. She can be seen with small vulture wings or a vase on her head. She was often shown as a cow, when carrying the sun across the sky. The cow was a very motherly figure.

Nut was a very beautiful and kind goddess. She was loving, and caring. She fell in love with Thoth, the god of knowledge, and Geb, the god of the Earth. She was a motherly figure and a very strong and independent goddess, for she would not marry just any person. She did what she wanted and when angered she never let anyone stand in her way.

Nut had a strong relationship with Geb, her twin brother, as well as Thoth the god of scribes and wisdom. She was the goddess of the Sky and Geb was the god of the Earth. In the morning they were separated but at night they came together, which created the darkness. This is a story the ancient Egyptians used to explain their 365-day calendar. Nut loved Geb and Thoth, but she was married to Ra. When Ra found out about her secret loves, he was furious. He told Nut that she could not have any children on any of the 360 days of the year. This saddened her, so she went to Thoth for help. She gambled with Khonsu (the moon god) to create 5 more days, so she and Geb could have five children. The children were: Osiris was first, Horus was second, Set was third, Isis was fourth, and Nephthys was the fifth. She and Ra also had one daughter named Sekhmet, the lion goddess, who had a flip personality called Hathor the goddess of love and peace.
Nut is gorgeous and worshipped, and she was a protective goddess, like Bast (the cat goddess).

The ancient Egyptians had three calendars, but the Agricultural one was the one that was used in everyday life. It was made up of three seasons, each containing four months. The seasons were Akhet, (the inundation) Peret (when the water retreated) and Shemu (harvest season). Nut loved Geb, but Ra was not happy that she loved Geb so he told Shu, their father (the air god) to separate them. Then, Ra put a curse on Nut so she could not have babies on any of the three-hundred sixty days of the year. Thoth wanted to let Nut be able to have babies so he challenged Khonsu, the moon god, to a game of Senet. If he won, he would be able to add five days to the year. If he lost, he would be killed. Thoth won and added five more days to the year. On the first day, Nut had Osiris to replace Ra, but Set later deceived him and Osiris became god of the underworld. On the second day she had Horus, the war god. On the third day, she had Set, the god of storms, evil, and Chaos, on the forth day she had Isis the goddess of magic, and on the fifth day she had Nephthys the river goddess. After a long time, the Egyptians realized the calendar was off because they did not have the quarter day at the end, like we do by having leap years. The calendar said it was flood season, but the flood did not come until later. The ancient Egyptians noticed the star Sirius would rise right before the flood. They used this as the beginning of the year and as the beginning of flooding.



Dennis Kearney

Dennis Kearney (1847–1907) was an American politician who was himself an immigrant from Ireland. He is known for being racist towards Chinese people. His fame comes from his strong support of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.

Cross of Gold speech

The Cross of Gold speech was a famous speech at the 1896 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, Illinois by William Jennings Bryan. He wanted silver and not gold to be America's bullion standard. It was his goal to create inflation to help those in debt. The end of the speech gives it its name when he says;

Paolo Uccello

Paolo Uccello, (June 15, 1397 – December 10, 1475), was a painter from Florence in Italy, during the time known as the Early Renaissance. He is famous as one of the first painters of the Italian Renaissance to use perspective in his pictures.

Most of what we know about Uccello comes from Giorgio Vasari, who wrote Paolo's biography about 75 years after Uccello died. Uccello was born about the year 1396, in the city of Florence. Vasari says that he was called "Uccello", which means "Bird", because he loved all animals and would often paint them, but he loved birds best of all. When he was about 11 years old, he was sent to be trained in the workshop of one of the most famous artists in Florence, a young man called Lorenzo Ghiberti.

Ghiberti was famous because he had won an important competition to make a huge set of beautiful doors for the oldest church in the city. The doors took 27 years to make, so in that time, lots of different artists helped in the making of them, and lots of talented young people like Uccello were trained in the workshop. Uccello worked there for 8 years.

While Uccello was still quite young he got an important job to do, all by himself. He was asked to paint some frescoes showing stories of different saints for the monks of a Church of San Miniato, on a mountain above Florence. It was a large beautiful church, but the monks at the monastery did not eat expensive food. They only ate bread and cheese. So, Uccello also ate nothing but bread and cheese for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, sometimes made into soup. After a few weeks he thought he was turning into a cheese! So he ran away from the monastery and went back to Florence, leaving his work unfinished.

One day when two of the monks were walking in the street, they chased Uccello and caught him. They asked him why he had never finished the job. Uccello told them that it was because of the cheese. The monks laughed and promised that he would get better food, if only he would promise to come back and finish what he had started. He came back to finish the frescoes, called "The Lives of the Church Fathers". They are painted in dull colours as a protest against the simple food. Vasari, who tells this story, says that Uccello never ate cheese again in his life.

Today, these frescoes at San Miniato have been badly damaged by water. Most of them have fallen off the wall or have faded. However, one beautiful angel remains quite clear.

In 1425 Uccello went to the city of Venice where he lived and worked for several years.

In 1436 he was back in Florence to do some important jobs for Florence Cathedral. The first was to paint a large fresco in honour of an English Knight, Sir John Hawkwood.

The painting of Sir John is quite unusual. It is of Sir John on his war horse. Uccello has painted it to look like a statue of the soldier on his horse. He has used white and greenish-grey against a dark red-brown background. To add colour, Uccello has painted the horse's saddle and bridle bright red. The horse is standing on a painted "plinth" like the base of a statue and Sir John's name is written on the plinth, as if the statue was standing in the town square. And in large letters are words which translate as "The Work of Paolo Uccello".

The painting was very popular, and some years later, another soldier was remembered in the same way with a painting by the artist Andrea Castagno.

The second job that Uccello had at the cathedral was to paint the clock. The clock has two faces, one that can be seen outside in the square and another which is on an inside wall of the cathedral. Uccello had to paint a clock face around the hand on the inside wall. (It's a 24-hour clock and it's only got one hand.) Uccello painted the round clockface into a square shape and put the head of a prophet in each corner. The prophets' faces are all very different but the thing that is the most clever about them is that Uccello painted bright light and dark shadows on their faces as if the light was coming from a real window which is high on the wall to the left side of the clock.

The other important job for the cathedral was to design two big round stained glass windows, each one 4.5 metres across. The cathedral had been built in the last century, but it had been left with a huge hole at the centre which needed a roof of some sort. An artist called Brunelleschi had come up with a brilliant plan for a dome, and the whole city was excited about getting it built. Workmen from every part of the town formed 8 gangs to build the 8 parts. As the dome grew, it had 8 large windows that needed glass. The best artists in Florence were asked to design them. Three of Uccello's designs were used but unfortunately one was smashed in 1828. The two that remain are "The Nativity" (The Birth of Jesus) and "The Resurrection" (Jesus rising from the dead).

By 1453, Uccello was married to Tomassa Malifici. In that year she gave birth to Donato who was named after the sculptor Donatello. In 1456 the couple had a daughter, Antonia, who later became a nun and a painter.

The paintings that are regarded as Uccello's masterpieces are frescoes of Noah's Ark and the Great Flood in the Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence. Unfortunately, they are quite badly damaged and partly lost, but even so, it is possible to see what a clever artist Uccello was. There are two things remarkable about the pictures. Firstly, they are very realistic. The second is that they use perspective to give the impression that the viewer is looking into the scene.

As in the fresco of Sir John Hawkwood, Uccello does not use many colours. The pictures are painted in white, pale grey, blue grey and just a little black. The landscape is grey, the water is blue-grey, the people are white with grey shadows. But the paintings are made lively by all the bits of red. All the man-made things, like the Ark, the old doors, barrels, up-side-down tables and broken things that are floating on the flood water, are all painted in the same red colour. Some of the people are wearing big black and white hats that were popular in Florence. In the disaster of the flood, one man is floating in a barrel. Another man, seeing an old man standing on a little hill, has grabbed him round the ankles to pull himself up. Another man, with part of his great big fashionable hat slipped down around his neck, is thumping on the wall of the ark with a club. The wind is blowing, the rain is pouring down and twigs and branches are flying in the wind. It is a scene of terror.
One of the richest men in Florence was Cosimo Medici who liked to spend money on works of art. He asked Uccello to paint three large paintings on panels, each about 3 metres long, to decorate his palace. The subject was to be Three scenes from "the Battle of San Romano" in which the Florentine troops defeated the neighbouring town of Siena. In fact, it was not a very fierce battle. Modern soccer matches between Florence and Siena are probably more bloody. But it made three very good pictures which were later divided up between three important art galleries. The National Gallery, London has the left-hand scene of Niccolo Tolentino leading his troops on his magnificent rearing white charger and wearing, of course, a great big Florentine hat of red and gold "brocade". The Uffizi Gallery in Florence has the middle scene in which the leader of the enemy forces, Bernadino della Ciarda, has been struck by a lance and is falling off his horse backwards. The right-hand scene, which is in the Louvre in Paris, shows the brave Michelotto di Cotignola swinging his horse around to attack an opponent with his sword.

Even though, at first glance each battle scene looks quite chaotic, the paintings are very carefully organised. This is particularly noticeable in the way Uccello has arranged the lances that are held upright by the troops and the many weapons that are lying on the ground. They all serve the purpose of leading the viewers eye into the painting. They create perspective. And while the battle is raging in the "foreground", in the "background" are mountains, fields, hedges and woods. In them are farmers, hunters and animals. The difference in size between the figures in the "foreground" and the figures in the "background" create distance in the picture.

Uccello studied perspective all his life in a way that was quite obsessive. Sometimes he would not come out of his house for weeks. His friend Donatello, another respected artist, begged him to do more painting and less study. Uccello became very good at mathematical calculation of the perspective of buildings, but it was not until his old age that he could fully understand how to calculate the sizes of things like people in the distance. His last painting shows a hunting party, with a great forest of trees, people and dogs, all going away into the distance, from near to far.

In 1469 Paolo wrote on his tax assessment that he was too old to work any more and that his wife was ill. Giorgio Vasari, who, 100 years later, researched and wrote the lives of many painters, wrote that, unfortunately Paolo was badly offended by Donatello, who looked at his latest painting and told him, for a joke, to cover it up. Vasari said that Paolo was so hurt that refused to come out of his room but sat working at his drawings, and whenever his wife called him to come to bed he would answer "What a wonderful thing perspective is!"

He died on 10 November, 1475, leaving behind him his old wife and a daughter Antonia who was also very good at painting. Unfortunately, none of her pictures are known today.



Fallen Leaves

"Fallen Leaves" is a song by the Canadian music group Billy Talent. It is the sixth track on the album "Billy Talent II" and is their third single to be released.

Sumer Is Icumen In

"Sumer Is Icumen In" is a very old English song which can be sung as a round. It is the oldest example of a round that we know of. The composer is unknown. It was written down around the middle of the 13th century by a monk but we do not know whether that monk composed it, or whether it had been composed earlier. 

The title means "Summer has come in". The round can be sung in six parts. There are also two parts which can be repeated again and again (an ostinato) throughout the piece. The language is Middle English and is based on the dialect spoken in Wessex, England at the time.

This is the manuscript that the monk wrote:
To sing as a round, one singer (or group of singers) would begin at the beginning, a second singer would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross, then the third would join in when the second singer got to the red cross, and so on until all six were singing. The repeated pattern is marked "Pes". The instructions are written in Latin.
Here is the song in modern notation:

Here are the words with a modern English translation:

Carmen

Carmen is a French opera written and first performed on 3 March 1875 by Georges Bizet. The story is set in Spain. It is based on the story of the same title by Prosper Mérimée. 


Carmen is about a gypsy girl who works in a factory. She falls in love with a soldier called Don José, who loves her. However, he is already engaged to somebody else. Later, he leaves the girl he was engaged to and the army for Carmen. Running away together, they are happy for a while until Carmen decides she loves a bullfighter called Escamillo. She leaves Don José. One day when Carmen is watching a bullfight, Don José waits for her and then tries to make her come back. She refuses, so he stabs her to death. Horrified at what he has done, he goes to jail.




Kumquat

The kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees. The edible fruit (which is also called kumquat) is similar to other "Citrus" but is smaller.

Kumquats are slow-growing, evergreen shrubs or small trees, from 2.5 to 4.5 m tall, with dense branches. Sometimes they have small thorns. The leaves are dark glossy green, and the flowers pure white, similar to citrus flowers.

Kumquats came from China (they are known in literature of the 12th century), and have long been cultivated there and in Japan. They were introduced to Europe in 1846 by Robert Fortune, who was collector for the "London Horticultural Society", and a short time later into North America.

They are much hardier than citrus plants as oranges. The 'Nagami' kumquat needs a hot summer, ranging from 25 °C(77 °F) to 38 °C(100.4 °F), but can withstand frost down to about -10 °C(14 °F). It grows in the tea regions of China where the climate is too cold for other citrus fruits, even the Mikan (also known as the Satsuma) orange.

The English name "kumquat" derives from the Cantonese pronunciation "gam1 gwat1" (given in Jyutping romanization). The alternate name 柑橘, also pronounced "gam gwat" in Cantonese ("gān jú" in Mandarin, literally "large tangerine orange") is now more commonly written by Cantonese speakers.

Names in other Asian languages include:


Labour Party

Labour Party or Labor Party is a name used by many political parties.



















































































Teton Mountains

The Teton Mountains are mountains on the border between Wyoming and Idaho in the United States of America. They are in a park called Grand Teton National Park. It is south of Yellowstone National Park, a park known for its hot springs.

Baunach

Baunach is a town in the German state (bundesland) of Bavaria. It is in the district of Bamberg in Upper Franconia. About 3,950 people lived there in 2005.

Burgebrach

Burgebrach is a municipality in the district of Bamberg in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. About 6,500 people live in Burgebrach. There are 27 villages in the municipality.

Ostinato

In music, an ostinato is a short pattern of notes which is repeated several times throughout a song or piece of music. The word "ostinato" is related to the word "obstinate". It is like a musical idea which is being obstinate and will not go away. The plural can be either "ostinati" or "ostinatos".

An ostinato can last for a section of a piece or it might last for the whole piece of music.

An ostinato can be a repeated group of notes or just a rhythm. It is similar to a riff in jazz. Many kinds of music use ostinati, e.g. classical music, jazz, boogie-woogie and African music.

A ground bass, or "basso ostinato", is an ostinato pattern in the lowest notes, which keeps playing while the melodies in the higher notes change. This was often used in baroque musical works. An example is the famous "Canon in D" by Pachelbel.

An example of a rhythmic ostinato is the first movement from the "Planets Suite" by Gustav Holst. This is the movement in 5/4 time which describes Mars. "Boléro" by Maurice Ravel also uses a repeated rhythm all the way through the piece.

An example from popular music is Pink Floyd's "Money".


Coffee system

A coffee system or hot beverage system is a special coffeemaker. Instead of using coffee beans or ground coffee, it uses special capsules. Each capsule has one serving of coffee, tea, milk, and other ingredients in it. This makes it easy to make coffee, espresso, etc. The process is very clean. The capsules with the coffee cost more money compared to normal coffee. There is also the problem that there is more waste because of the capsule.

1492 Pictures

1492 Pictures is an American movie production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995. The name is a play on Columbus's more famous namesake, Christopher Columbus. 

In addition to various Columbus movies, 1492 Pictures has produced movies by other directors including Brian Levant ("Jingle All the Way"), Henry Selick ("Monkeybone"), Alfonso Cuarón ("Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"), Joe Roth ("Christmas with the Kranks"), Tim Story (the "Fantastic Four" films), and Shawn Levy (the "Night at the Museum" films). The logo music was composed by Academy award winner Hans Zimmer.




Life in Hell

Life In Hell is a comic strip made by Matt Groening. Its characters are human-like rabbits and a pair of gay lovers named Akbar and Jeff. The comic was released in April 1980. The last comic ended in 2012.

Iraq War

The Iraq War was an armed conflict that began in 2003 with the invasion of Iraq by a United States-led coalition that toppled the government of Saddam Hussein.

The conflict continued for much of the next ten years as an insurgency emerged to oppose the occupying forces and the post-invasion Iraqi government. An estimated 151,000 to 600,000 or more Iraqis were killed in the first 3–4 years of conflict. The United States officially withdrew from the country in 2011 but left private security contractors in its place to continue the war. In 2014 the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant conquered much of northern Iraq. An American-led new coalition sent troops to help the government of Iraq.

Australia, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands and Poland were also involved in the war with support from the Kurdish Peshmerga.

After the Gulf War of 1990-1991 during which a US-led coalition retook Kuwait after the Iraqi invasion, Iraq was severely damaged both economically and socially. Numerous penalties were imposed on the crumbling state of Iraq, including a no-fly zone (essentially barring any civilian and military planes from flying over Iraq), along with UN weapon inspections to ensure that Saddam was not stockpiling WMDs (Weapons of Mass Destruction). In 1998, the Iraqi government stopped allowing these inspections to continue after allegations that the inspectors were spying for the US.

Feijoa

The feijoa is the fruit of Acca sellowiana, an evergreen shrub or small tree, 1–7 m in height. It comes from the highlands of southern Brazil, parts of Colombia, Uruguay, Paraguay and northern Argentina. They are also grown throughout Azerbaijan , Iran (Ramsar), Georgia, Russia (Sochi), New Zealand and Tasmania Australia .

The fruit is also called the 'pineapple guava' or 'guavasteen'.

The fruit matures in autumn and is green, and about the size and shape of an egg. It has a sweet, aromatic flavour. The flesh is juicy. The fruit drops when ripe, but can be picked from the tree before to prevent bruising. Feijoa fruit have a distinctive smell. The chemical methyl benzoate smells strongly of feijoas and the aroma of the fruit is caused mostly by this and other closely related chemicals.

It is a warm-temperate to subtropical plant that will also grow in the tropics but requires some winter chilling to fruit. In the northern hemisphere it has been cultivated as far north as western Scotland but does not fruit every year, as winter temperatures below about -11 °C will kill the flower buds. A lot of feijoa are grown in New Zealand, where the fruit is a popular garden tree and the fruit is commonly available in season.

The fruit is usually eaten by cutting it in half, then scooping out the pulp with a spoon. It is popular in New Zealand to stew them in a pot with sugar and serve hot with vanilla ice cream in the wintertime . The fruits have a juicy sweet seed pulp, and slightly gritty flesh nearer the skin. The flavor is aromatic and sweet. The skin itself is tart and sour but also edible. If the utensils needed to eat it this way are not available, the feijoa can be torn or bitten in half, and the contents squeezed out and consumed.

Fruit maturity is not always apparent from the outside as the fruits remain green until they are over mature or rotting. When the fruits are immature the seed pulp is white and opaque, becoming clear and jelly-like when ripe. Fruits are at their optimum maturity when the seed pulp has turned into a clear jelly with no hint of browning. Once the seed pulp and surrounding flesh start to brown, the fruit is over mature and should not be eaten.


Wessex

Wessex was an old Anglo-Saxon kingdom before England became one country. It was one of seven kingdoms in England. It was named after the West Saxons. It was in the south and southwest of England. Wessex was a kingdom from the 6th century until the English state was made in the 9th century. It was an earldom between 1016 and 1066. Then "Wessex" was not an official place name. The 19th century novelist Thomas Hardy wrote about Wessex in his books which tell stories set in that area.

His Royal Highness The Prince Edward was given the title "Earl of Wessex" when he married Sophie who became the Countess of Wessex. The title Earl of Wessex had not been used since the last earl, King Harold Godwinson, was killed at the Battle of Hastings in 1066.

Barrel racing

Barrel racing is an event often seen in rodeos. It involves a rider and horse going around 3 barrels in a cloverleaf pattern, started on either the right or the left side, but more often than not, the right side. Riders go from one barrel to the next making a square pattern around each and then running back past the timer in want of the fastest time.

Clover

Clover (Trifolium) is a genus of about 300 species of plants in the pea family. It grows worldwide, mainly in the temperate Northern Hemisphere, but many species also in South America and Africa, including at high altitudes on mountains in the tropics.

They are small herbaceous plants. It has three sections to each leave, which looks like three leaves. This is called trifoliate.

Clover is often associated with Ireland.

Clover (disambiguation)

Clover could mean:

Clover was also the name of a defunct discount department store owned by Strawbridge and Clothier department stores in Pennsylvania.



Discus throw

The discus throw is an event in athletics, where a heavy disc is thrown for distance. It was invented in 708 BC in Ancient Greece. The goal is to throw the discus farther than your opponents.

The discus throw is the subject of a number of well-known ancient Greek statues and Roman copies of them. US thrower Al Oerter is one of only two athletes to win the same individual event at four consecutive Olympic Games. 


Athletics

Athletics may mean:

Eragon

Eragon is a book written by Christopher Paolini. It was published in August 2003. Eragon is the first book in the "Inheritance Cycle". The second book in the Inheritance Cycle, called "Eldest", was published in mid-2005. The third of the four books, Brisingr, was released in 2008. "Eragon" was made into a movie and released in cinemas on December 2006. It was released on DVD in March 2007.

A long time ago, the Dragon Riders kept peace in the world between the humans, dragons, elves, and dwarves. They were humans or elves bonded to dragons. However, the dragon of a human Rider named Galbatorix was killed by the Urgals (a species that fights a lot). Galbatorix became insane because of this. The Riders would not give him another dragon, so he decided to destroy them. He stole a black baby dragon and forced it to bond with him with evil magic. Then he and other traitors fought with the Riders. Finally, they killed them all and Galbatorix became king of the humans. The book "Eragon" begins 100 years after this. When it begins, Galbatorix is trying to find and destroy the elves (who are hiding in a forest called Du Weldenvarden), dwarves (who are hiding in the Beor Mountains - a gigantic mountain range reaching far above the clouds), and the Varden (a group of rebels hidden with the dwarves). He has not destroyed the elves yet, because he is still cautious of their power. He has not destroyed the Varden or dwarves because he cannot yet find them in the large mountain range.

The story itself begins with a young farm boy named Eragon finding a polished blue stone in the Spine (a smaller mountain range and woods). He tries to sell the egg, but no one buys it. The stone turns out to be a dragon egg, and the dragon that hatches from it is named Saphira. When Saphira is about 6 months old, Eragon's uncle, Garrow is killed by the Ra'zac (insect-like creatures that work for Galbatorix), who want to find and capture Eragon and Saphira. Eragon decides to find them and kill them in revenge because of his uncle's death. He and Saphira leave, along with Brom, an old storyteller who tells Eragon and Saphira many things about dragons and Riders and promises to help them. In Yu'Zuac, Eragon and Brom were ambushed by two Urgals. After Brom was knocked from his horse, the Urgals chased Eragon, when he used magic to defeat them. Brom teaches Eragon how to control magic after this. While they are travelling, they find a flask full of corrupted Seithr oil dropped by the Ra'zac. This oil is very rare, so Eragon gets the idea to go to a coastal city for shipping records to find the Ra'zac. The three travel to the city of Teirm to see Brom's old friend, Joed. Joed is a merchant who is secretly giving supplies to the Varden. However all of his ships are being destroyed somehow by someone who knows he is working for the Varden. He helps them find a record of where the Ra'zac are - a city named Dras-Leona. Brom, Eragon, and Saphira travel to Dras-Leona, but Eragon is seen by Galbatorix's soldiers. The three run away, but the Ra'zac find them and capture them. Then they are driven away by a stranger named Murtagh, but they wound Brom first. Brom dies soon, but not before telling Eragon and Murtagh that he was secretly a Rider whose dragon was killed by Galbatorix.

Eragon and Saphira bury Brom. They decide to go to the Varden to fight Galbatorix, with Murtagh who does not want to go, but will help them until they reach the Varden, but they do not know where the Varden are. They go to Gilead, another city, to find someone who knows where the Varden are. While Murtagh is in the city, he comes back and the next morning, Eragon is captured when the three are ambushed by more Urgals. His food and water is drugged to make him forget magic so he can not escape. He realizes he is being given drugs in his food and stops eating the food. Finally, the drugs wear off and Eragon can use magic to escape. He breaks out, only to find Murtagh breaking in. The two rescue an elf that is also in the prison. Her name is Arya. They are attacked by a Shade (a sorcerer controlled by evil spirits), but escape. Arya is unconscious, but Eragon can talk to her in her mind and she tells him where the Varden are. They must go across a desert to get there, and Arya is dying from a poison, so they must hurry. They finally make it to the Varden (who are hiding in the Beor Mountains with the dwarves), but on the way Murtagh tells Eragon that Murtagh is the son of Morzan, a Rider who helped Galbatorix kill the other Riders. When they get to the Varden, Murtagh is captured because he is Morzan's son, but Arya is healed. Then the Varden and their leader (named Ajihad) find out Galbatorix is attacking them with Urgals. Murtagh is released to help the Varden, which he does. There is a big battle. In it, the Shade appears. Eragon fights the Shade and, with the help of Arya and Saphira, he kills the Shade, but his back is hit with a sword by the Shade. While Eragon is unconscious, he is rescued from death by a mysterious elf, who touched his mind and blocked the pain. Eragon promises to go to the elves with Arya for more training. Eragon wakes up and finds he is scarred by Durza's strike. The book ends with Eragon promising again to himself that he will go to the elves.

Christopher Paolini was only 15 when he started writing "Eragon", which many people have found impressive. He has also been praised for his writing style and the world he created. His strong female characters were also praised. However, some people think he is not a good writer, because his book is too much like other books (like The Lord of the Rings) and movies (like Star Wars). They also think he uses many complicated words when he does not need to. Unlike the book, the movie of "Eragon" is not liked by many people. They dislike it because it did not follow the book very well and changed many parts of the story which would make making more movies of the series harder.

William Baillie

Captain William Baillie (June 5, 1723 – December 22, 1810) was an Irish military man and artist. 
Baillie went to London at age of 18 to study law, but liked art more. Shortly after getting to London, he joined the army. He served at the Battle of Culloden the Battle of Minden and retired with the rank of Captain. Baillie was later made the Commissioner of Stamps, which he was until 1795.

While he continued as an artist, what he is most famous for was his skill repairing and printing etching plates. He worked on plates by many artists, including Gerard Dou, Nicolas Poussin, and most notably Rembrandt. Apparently he got a number of Rembrandt's worn-out plates. The three best known:


A book of prints, after the above artists, was published in 1792, in two volumes, with subsequent editions.


Rusty Anderson

Rusty Anderson (born January 20, 1959) is an American guitarist from La Habra, California. He has played lead guitar for Paul McCartney since 2001. He has played for many famous musicians, for example, Elton John, The Bangles, Courtney Love and Belinda Carlisle. He also has a band called Rusty Anderson Afternoon whose first single "Effortless" hit Number One on American radio and whose first full-length record "RAA" debuted in the Top Ten Alt Chart on iTunes. 


HLS

HLS has a number of meanings:

Handshake

A handshake is when two people hold hands for a few seconds and move them up and down before letting go. It is often used like a greeting (like saying "Hello, Hi" or "goodbye" when people meet) or to say that two people have agreed on something. Handshakes are also used between romantic partners.

The action is ancient, and occurs (or occurred) in many cultures. There are, however, many slight differences. In some cultures, the handshake is firm, in others it is gentle. In some cultures the senior person leads the handshake. The length of time also varies between cultures. One thing is almost universal: hand shaking is done with bare hands.

Another aspect is: do men shake hands with women? In the past, in many societies, they did not. Today, in western society, handshakes are allowed if the female offers her hand. It is not done between family members, when hugs and kisses are more usual.

Some secret societies have secret handshakes to show they are part of the group.


Wave (gesture)

A wave is a movement of the hand that people use to greet each other or say goodbye. People wave by raising their hand and moving it from side to side. They can also wave by moving their hand up and down. The way that people wave generally depends on their culture. 

Baseball bat

A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal rod used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher. It is not more than 2⅔ inches (70 mm) in diameter at the thickest part and not more than 42 inches (1067 mm) in length. It usually weighs no greater than four pounds (1.8 kg). The batter uses the bat to try to hit a pitched ball so that he may run around the bases and score points.

Bats are sometimes used as a weapon in fights or attacks. When a bat is used this way, it can be called a "club".

Major League Baseball is using bats of pink color by players who agree during games played on Mother's Day as an event to support the pink ribbon campaign (breast cancer extermination movement). 

Softball

Softball is a sport similar to baseball. Men, women, boys, or girls can play softball. 

There are three types of softball: fastpitch, modified and slow pitch. In both types of softball, pitchers throw underhand (with hand below shoulder level).

There are nine to twelve players per team. The basic goal is to get as many players to home plate as possible. In order to get to home plate, a player usually has to hit the ball. There are many techniques for hitting (which is called batting). There are also different types of bunts. 

Once the ball is in play, the batter runs to first base, then waits until the next player hits the ball in order to advance to second base. This keeps on going on until there are three outs. Then the team on the field goes in to bat, and the team that was up to bat goes to the field. 

Ball: Softballs are not actually soft. They are larger than baseballs, and weigh about 6.25-7.0oz for fastpitch and 5.87-6.12oz for slowpitch. The ball has a raised seam and is usually yellow or white. The softball was invented in Chicago.

Gloves: All defensive players wear gloves. The glove is used to catch the ball when it is hit or thrown to the player. The gloves are usually made out of leather or similar material. The catcher has a special glove that is extra padded to protect the hand from catching the ball thrown by the pitcher. The first baseman may have a special glove also. It has a bigger pocket to catch the ball more easily, because first basemen get the ball thrown to them multiple times during each inning.

Bat: The bat used by the offense can be made out of wood or aluminum or other composite materials, such as carbon fiber. It cannot be longer than 34 inches long, 6.0 inches indiameter (length of one side of a circle to the other side), and 38oz in mass.

Fastpitch softball is only for female athletes. The ages range from five years old to the college or professional level. 

Fastpitch pitching distance can be between 35 and 45 feet; it all depends on the age of the players. The pitches can travel around 60mph, also depending on the age of the players. The pitcher's arm rotates 360 degrees around her shoulder until the ball is released from the hand. 

Slowpitch softball is for both men and women, usually a sport for adults. 

Slowpitch pitching distance is 50 feet for both male and female players. The pitchers arm motion is a half a windmill, meaning that it is an underhand throw. 

Home plate: A five-sided white flat base. The batter stands next to home plate, and the catcher plays behind the plate.

Shortstop: A defensive position in between 2nd base and third base

Right field: A defensive outfield position, on the right side of the field (behind the first baseman and second baseman). 

Center field: A defensive outfield position, right behind second base.

Left field: A defensive outfield position, on the left side of the field (behind the shortstop and third baseman).

Innings: There are usually anywhere in between 3-7 innings in a softball game. The number of innings played usually depends on the league, rules, and whether the game is fastpitch or slowpitch. An inning is over after three outs.

Strikes: The player gets three strikes before they are out. This is called a strikeout.
it is commonly played in Antarctica, it is their national sport.

Bat (disambiguation)

Bat or Bats may mean:

Sports:

Entertainment:

Science:


Computing:

Military:

Roller coasters:

Other languages:


Dietrich Buxtehude

Dietrich Buxtehude (or "Dieterich" according to Danish spelling) (born about 1637; died May 9, 1707) was a German (or Danish) composer and organist. He is one of the most important composers of the mid-Baroque period. He is best known for his organ works which are very often heard at recitals and church services. He also wrote a lot of excellent choral music and music for instruments, including the viola da gamba, an instrument which he played. He had a very important influence on Johann Sebastian Bach. When Bach was a very young man he walked over 200 miles to hear Buxtehude play the organ.

Very little is known of Buxtehude’s earliest years. We cannot be sure where he was born. His family came from the town of Buxtehude in North Germany but had moved to Oldesloe which is now in Germany but at that time it was part of Denmark. His father was organist in Oldesloe, but around the time of Dietrich’s birth the family moved to Helsingborg which is now called Hälsingborg and is in Sweden, but at that time Helsingborg, too, was part of Denmark. 

In 1641 the family moved to Helsingør which was just across the water, in Denmark. Dietrich Buxtehude probably went to school in Helsingør and learned music from his father. When he was 20 he got his first job at Helsingborg in the Marienkirche (St Mary’s Church) where his father had been organist some years before. Sweden and Denmark were at war at the time, fighting about which country Helsingborg should be in. This must have made things rather difficult for the young Buxtehude. The people who went to the Marienkirche were German-speaking. 

In 1668 Buxtehude got the job of organist at the Marienkirche in Lübeck in Germany. This was a very important job at one of the biggest churches in Germany. The organist before him had been a man called Franz Tunder. He had a daughter, Anna Margarethe, and Buxtehude married her. His job was not only to play the organ, but also to tune it and do a lot of administration in the church. He composed many cantatas for the services and organized five evening musical performances every year. These concerts were called “Abendmusik” (“Evening Music”) and were held at 4.00pm after the Evening Service. Unfortunately we do not know what music was performed at these concerts.

Buxtehude stayed in this job for the rest of his life. He never travelled very far. Nicolaus Bruhns was one of his pupils, and Pachelbel wrote a piece of music called "Hexachordum Apollonis" for him. In 1706, when Johann Sebastian Bach was 21, he got permission for four weeks holiday so that he could go to Lübeck to hear Buxtehude play. He stayed in Lübeck for four months and so he got into trouble when he went back to his job at Arnstadt.

In 1707 Buxtehude wanted to retire. Whoever took his job would have to marry Buxtehude’s daughter, Anna. Bach and Mattheson were interested in the job but decided not to take it. Probably they did not want to marry Anna Buxtehude. Buxtehude died, and the man who had been his assistant got the job and married Anna shortly afterwards.

The organs that Buxtehude played were very large instruments with bright sounds (bright mixtures, reeds and a “Zimbalstern” which was a star which went round and round, making a tinkling sound). His music is very grand and impressive. Many of his organ pieces have several sections, each one at a different speed. They often sound like a free improvisation. Some of the sections are fugues. At least 128 vocal works survive, they are nearly all church music. He wrote instrumental works, chamber music and pieces for harpsichord.

Buxtehude

Buxtehude () is a town in Northern Germany. It has 39,000 inhabitants. It is by the Este river which joins the city to the important river Elbe just away.

Buxtehude is known as "The Fairytale Capital" of the world. The tale of "The Bunny and the Hedgehog" by the Brothers Grimm is set in this town.

The "Pistennacht" is an event where bars, restaurants and clubs in the old part of town are open all night long. The "Pfingstmarkt" is a big fair which is held at Whitsun (Pfingsten). There is a lot to do including rides on a Ferris Wheel. On the first weekend of June there is a big feast in the old part of the town, which also has a wine festival every year.

Summit Entertainment

Summit Entertainment is an American movie production and distribution company. It is a label of Lionsgate Films, owned by Lionsgate Entertainment. The company was founded in 1991. It is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.

Harlem Renaissance

The Harlem Renaissance is the name for a movement in African-American culture in the 1920s and 1930s which has had a big influence on African-American literature, philosophy and music. The "Harlem Renaissance" is also called the "Black Literary Renaissance", '"The New Negro Movement" and "The flowering of Negro literature". 

The movement began in Harlem, New York after World War I. In 1925 a book was published called "The New Negro", edited by Alain Locke. This book was a collection of writing by African-Americans which looked at their people's lives experiences since the Civil War. From 1925 onwards, there was a movement called the "New Negro Movement", named after the book. 

The movement began to affect the thinking of many African-American writers and artists of all sorts. They challenged the thinking of many white Americans towards black Americans. They refused to be treated as if they were not equal. They refused to just copy the sorts of writing, art and music that white Americans did. They wanted to celebrate the fact that their African culture had survived through the terrible years of slavery, and was being "reborn". (The word "Renaissance" means "rebirth" and is generally used for a time from 1400 to 1600 in Europe.)






Hollywood Pictures

Hollywood Pictures was one of Walt Disney Studios movie companies. It makes movies for a more adult audience than Walt Disney Pictures. It is similar to Disney's Touchstone Pictures brand. The studio was launched in 1989, but was closed in 2007.

Third World

The "Third World" describes the developing countries.

The term "Third World" was introduced during the Cold war between the United States and the Soviet Union. At that time, there were three "worlds". The term is now considered outdated, but until the late 20th century, it reflected economic and political divisions among nations.

Thirty Years' War

The Thirty Years' War was fought from 1618 to 1648. It was fought primarily in Germany, but several other countries became involved in the conflict, including France, Spain, and Sweden. In fact, almost all of the powerful countries in Europe were involved in the war, which began as a fight about religion between Protestants and Catholics. As the war continued, the Catholic Habsburg dynasty and other countries used the war to try to get more power. For example, Catholic France fought for the Protestants, which made the French-Habsburg rivalry even worse.

The Thirty Years' War caused things like famine and disease in almost every country involved. The war lasted for 30 years, but the problems that had caused the war were not fixed for a long time after the war had been over. The war ended with the Treaty of Westphalia.

There were several reasons that the Thirty Years' War started.
Firstly, the Peace of Augsburg (1555), which was signed quickly by Charles V, stopped the fighting between the Lutherans and the Catholics in Germany.

The Peace of Augsburg stated:

The Peace made the violence end somewhat, but it did not fix the real reason for the fighting. Both groups thought that the Peace meant different things. The Lutherans said it was only an agreement that would last for a short time. Calvinism came quickly into German as a third Christian group in Germany, but it was not part of the Peace of Augsburg. That meant that Calvinists fought both Lutherans and Catholics. 

Secondly, the powerful countries in Europe in the 17th century often disagreed about matters of politics or economics. Spain wanted land in some of the Holy Roman Empire states in what is now Germany because the empire owned some of the Spanish Netherlands. The Dutch fought the Spanish to get independence and got it after some wars, which ended in 1609.
Thirdly, the Holy Roman Empire was a broken group of nations inside a large empire, which had nations like the Austrian House of Habsburg, Bavaria, the Electorate of Saxony, the Margravate of Brandenburg, the Electorate of the Palatinate, Hesse, the Archbishopric of Trier and Württemberg and other small nations and towns. Only Austria was capable of operating on its own. Countries often made alliances with other places ruled by relatives. Because there were so many nations inside the empire, they often disagreed with one another, and the empire could not control the whole territory very well. That meant that the empire could not fix the problems in the whole country.

Fourthly, religious groups did not agree during the second half of the 16th century. The Peace of Augsburg did not work because some bishops had not given up their bishoprics, and Catholic rulers in Spain and Eastern Europe wanted to make Catholicism strong in the region, which caused fighting between the groups. The Catholics made many Protestants leave their homelands. Some places gave Protestants permission to worship. Those disagreements caused violence.

Fifthly, Holy Roman Emperor Matthias, a Catholic, died without any children to take his place in 1619. His lands were given to his cousin Ferdinand of Styria, Matthias's closest male relative, who became Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor. Ferdinand had been educated by the Jesuits. A Catholic, he wanted to make Catholicism the only religion again. That made him unpopular in the German state of Bohemia since most people there were not Catholics but Hussites. The Bohemians rejected Ferdinand and launched the Thirty Years' War.

The war can be divided into four major phases: the Bohemian Revolt, the Danish intervention, the Swedish intervention, and the French intervention.

"Time: 1618–1625"

Emperor "Mattias", who had no children, wanted to give the throne of the Holy Roman Empire to Ferdinand II when he died. To ensure that the transition would work, he wanted to make Ferdinand the Crown Prince of Bohemia, a country that was part of the Holy Roman Empire, in the meantime. Some of the Protestant leaders of Bohemia thought that Ferdinand would take away their religious rights. They liked the Protestant Frederick V, Elector of the Palatinate better. However, some of the other Protestants supported Ferdinand. Enough people preferred Ferdinand that in 1617, he was elected to become the Crown Prince of Bohemia. 

Ferdinand sent two Catholic governors to Prague, the capital of Bohemia, in May 1618. Ferdinand wanted them to run the government while he was gone. Suddenly, many angry Protestants took them and threw them out of the high palace window. The Defenestration of Prague), that made the Catholics angry with the Protestants.

The Protestants who had thrown the Catholics out the window created a new Protestant government in Bohemia. Many Protestants in Bohemia and the nearby countries started hating the rest of the Holy Roman Empire. The Holy Roman Empire wanted to stop them from doing so, to fight Bohemia, and borrow Spain's money. However, they thought that if that happened, Bohemia's Protestant friends might come in and start fighting them. That made them try to make an agreement with Bohemia to stop the fighting. However, when Emperor Matthias died in 1619, Bohemia decided not to make the agreement because they thought the Holy Roman government was weak now.

Bohemia was so angry about the Catholics it they decided to not make Ferdinand II the king of Bohemia anymore and but made Frederick V the king instead. However, because Matthias was dead and so Ferdinand was the next person waiting to be the emperor, Ferdinand was in charge of the whole Holy Roman Empire now. Some people also thought Frederick should not be allowed to be king of Bohemia. All of that made the Holy Roman Emperor decide to fight Bohemia.

A large army got money from Maximilian I was led by Count Tilly invaded Bohemia. At the Battle of White Mountain, the Holy Roman Empire beat the Bohemian rebels. Frederick ran away. and the revolt collapsed.

Frederick was also in charge of a German nation called the Palatinate. Maximilian I, who was in charge of a nearby nation, Bavaria, wanted more power and decided to take over some of the Palatinate. Spain, a Catholic country. joined the war to help Maximilian, who was disliked in the Netherlands. Other countries now became involved in this war. After some fighting, Maximilian and Spain won, and Emperor Ferdinand decided that all of the Palatinate should go to Maximilian. That made some of the other Protestant nations very scared because that meant that Protestant areas were being taken over by Catholics.


Database normalisation

Database normalisation is an approach to designing databases which was introduced by Edgar F. Codd in the 1970s. Certain databases, known as "relational databases", allow data to be stored in separate groups. Each group is commonly called a "table". To provide useful information, these groups are connected to each other. For example, students could be stored in one group, and classes in another group. To show that a student is enrolled in a class, a "relationship" is established from one group to the other. A student could have a relationship to many classes, each of which he or she would be enrolled in, while a class would have a relationship to many students.

A traditional alternative is the "flat file database", where all of the data is grouped together like in a spreadsheet. The problem with flat file databases is that they can have a lot of blank spaces and there is a lot of information that has to be repeated for each entry. This means that the database is bigger than it has to be, and it makes it more likely that the database will contain mistakes. Relational databases, by breaking the data into groups, reduce the chance of mistakes happening and does not take up any more space than necessary. But for it to work it needs to be well designed. 

Database normalization is a method of designing good relational databases, e.g. by eliminating redundancies. There are several "normal forms", each of which have rules which the database should be designed to meet. Codd originally specified three sets of criteria that different databases must meet: first, second and third normal form.

If a relation (or "database table") meets a certain normal form, it is not vulnerable to certain modifications, that will affect data integrity. The drawback of meeting such a set of criteria is usually that querying certain data from the database will become more difficult.


Clipboard

A clipboard is a thin board with a large (usually metal) clip at the top. Clipboards are a little larger than a piece of paper. They are used to support paper with one hand, while writing on the paper with the other hand. Clipboards are often used in situations where a person may not be able to find a good writing surface.

Clipboards can be made of many things. Most clipboards are made of masonite or particleboard, two types of wood. They can also be made from aluminum, steel, or acrylic, which is a type of plastic. 

Many police officers and EMTs carry clipboards. These clipboards are used very often and are usually made of metal. They often have one or two sections inside for carrying papers and reports.

Ugliness

Ugliness is a property of physical things that are not nice to look at. Something or someone who has ugliness is called ugly. This word is commonly used in when talking about human appearance. The opposite of ugliness is beauty. Someone who discriminates against ugly people is called a lookist or cacophobe.

Ugliness can be a matter of opinion. Two people can look at the same object and one may think it is beautiful and the other may think it is ugly. This is shown in the popular phrase "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder". 

Although "ugly" usually means "a lack of physical beauty", the property of ugliness may also be used to describe other things such as music, literature, or human behavior. The word can also be used as an insult, even if the person does not think the person they are talking about is ugly.



Texture

The word texture means: what things are made of and how they feel. 

Textures can be described as “rough”, “smooth”, “hard”, “soft”, “liquid”, “solid”, “lumpy”, “gritty” etc. The word “texture” is used for many different things. It can even be used in abstract senses, e.g. for music and poetry.

People like or dislike food because of its taste, but the texture of the food also plays a part in whether we like it or not. We enjoy the feel of it in our mouth. Food can be hard, soft, lumpy, gritty (e.g. a cake made with ground rice). Adding some lettuce to a cheese sandwich will change the texture of the sandwich: it makes it more crunchy.

In architecture we often talk about “texture”. This can mean: the things that the buildings are made of. It can also mean: the general way it looks, e.g. whether everything is built close together or whether there is plenty of space. This is an abstract use of the word, because it compares the way we see things to the way things feel.

Painters talk about the texture of paintings. This can be seen clearly in pointillism which is a way of painting by using lots of little dots. This gives the painting a very interesting texture.

In music, we can talk about the texture of a piece of music. If there are a lot of notes being played at once, we could call this a “thick” texture. If there are just two or three notes being played so that every note can be heard clearly, we could call this a “thin” or “clear” texture. Music may have a “polyphonic” texture or a “chordal” texture. The word “texture”, this time, is being used to describe something we hear instead of something we feel.

Outlook Express

Microsoft Outlook Express, also known as Microsoft Internet Mail and News, is an email program and newsreader program made by Microsoft. It is a free version of Outlook, also made by Microsoft. Microsoft's Outlook Express was discontinued in 2006 with the release of its new operating system, Windows Vista, which has Windows Mail instead.

Outlook Express needs a database to work, sometimes this database gets damaged when there are too many emails or when the database gets compacted. Compaction is needed when its size gets too large to handle well. Also, sometimes emails or attachments are infected with viruses.


Michael Spinks

Michael Spinks (born on July 13, 1956) is a retired American boxer. He was the light heavyweight and heavyweight champion of the world. 

Spinks was a member of the 1976 United States Olympics team and won a gold medal in the boxing competition. He became a professional boxer in 1977 and won the light heavyweight championship in 1981. In 1985 he fought heavyweight champion Larry Holmes and beat him for the title. It was the first time a light heavyweight champion had become heavyweight champion. He beat Holmes again in a rematch and defended his title another two times before losing to Mike Tyson in 1988. He never fought again.

Michael Spinks is the brother of heavyweight champion Leon Spinks.


Goodbye

Goodbye is a word used to express good wishes when parting. It may originate from the phrase "God be with you".

Goodbye can also mean:


Candy cane

A candy cane is a hard cane-shaped candy stick. It is usually white with red stripes and tastes like peppermint. It is also made in many other flavors and colors. The candy cane is a traditional candy of the Christmas holiday in the United States, but you can find them during the rest of the year. It is a symbolic figure in the Christmas season.

In the 17th century, white sticks of candy were popular, but they were not colorful. According to legend, a choir leader in Germany asked the people that made the candy to bend the sticks so that they looked like shepherd's staffs. He then gave the candy canes to the children to keep them quiet during church services. The colors are also said to be symbolic. The white part represents purity, and the red represents the blood of Jesus.

Leon Spinks

Leon Spinks (July 11, 1953 – February 5, 2021) was an American boxer. He won the world heavyweight championship. He won a gold medal in the 1976 Olympics in the boxing category. He became a professional boxer. In his eighth bout, he won the heavyweight championship from Muhammad Ali. In his first defense, he lost the title back to Ali. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Spinks continued boxing with little success after that. He fought Larry Holmes for the heavyweight title in 1981, but lost. He also fought for the cruiserweight championship, but he lost that fight, too. He stopped fighting in 1995.

He ws the brother of boxer Michael Spinks and the father of boxer Cory Spinks.

In December 2019, Spinks was hospitalized in Las Vegas after his prostate cancer spread to his bladder. He died on February 5, 2021 from the disease in Henderson, Nevada at the age of 67.


Cruiserweight

Cruiserweight, also referred to as junior heavyweight, is a weight class in professional boxing. It is between light heavyweight and heavyweight. "Light heavyweight" and "cruiserweight" used to be used interchangeably in the United Kingdom.

Ranking done by Ring magazine, as of 31, 2024.

As of 31, 2024.

The table below is a list of longest reigning cruiserweight champions in boxing. It is measured by the individual's longest reign. Career total time as champion (for multiple time champions) does not apply.

Botanic

Botanic is a district of South Belfast, in the country of Ireland. It is named after Botanic Gardens, a local park dedicated to the science of botany.

Botanic has a total area of 28 acres.

Steve Jay

Eugene Stephen Jay (born January 26, 1951) is a bassist best known for working with the singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Minimum wage

The minimum wage is the least amount of salary that employees of a business can be paid. Around the world, the minimum wage is enforced as a law that every company must follow. If companies do not give their employees at least the minimum wage, the companies will be forced to pay an expensive fine for breaking the law.

Minimum wage is a relative term. Different countries have different minimum wages. Nunavut in Canada has a minimum wage of $11.00 per hour. Ontario, another place in Canada has a minimum wage of $10.25 per hour. 

Some people think the minimum wage should be raised, so poor working people will have more money and enjoy more human rights. Others think it is worse because the government will not have enough money to pay all the employees, so they will raise the taxes or raise the inflation. Some people think that the minimum will drastically hurt employees because companies only hire employees whose labor is worth the price they are required to pay. They think that if the minimum wage is raised employees will lose their job because companies cannot afford to pay them the raised minimum wage.


Dookie

Dookie is the 3rd album by the band Green Day. It was released in 1994.


Joe Manchin

Joseph (Joe) Manchin III (born August 24, 1947) is an American politician. He was elected Governor of the state of West Virginia in the 2004 election. He took office as Governor on January 17, 2005 and remained in that position until 2010. In 2010, he became a Senator for West Virginia, after the death of Robert Byrd. He is one of the least liberal Democrats in the Senate, having conservative views on social issues, energy, the environment, and the military. He co-sponsored an amendment, a change to a bill, with Senator Pat Toomey (R-PA) that would require gun sellers to check whether gun buyers are mentally ill or have a criminal record. This amendment did not become law.

Renaissance art

Many of the most famous and best-loved works of art in the world were created during the time known as the Renaissance. The Renaissance began about 1400 and lasted until about 1600. Italy, and in particular the city of Florence is thought of as the home of Renaissance art. 

Many Flemish painters from the area of modern Belgium were also very busy at this time. The style of their pictures, and their use of oil painting influenced the Italian painters. 







The painting is a half-length portrait and depicts a woman whose expression is often described as enigmatic. The ambiguity of the sitter's expression, the monumentality of the half-figure composition, and the subtle modeling of forms and atmospheric illusionism were novel qualities that have contributed to the painting's continuing fascination. Few other works of art have been subject to as much scrutiny, study, mythologizing and parody.


Renaissance architecture

The Dome of Florence Cathedral




This country house was built by Palladio in 1550. It is a square building which looks the same from every side. At the centre, there is a dome. On every side is a large porch, (portico), like a Greek temple. It is such an elegant design that other architects used the same style which can be seen on churches, houses and palaces, including the White House.

Fiji One

Fiji One is a free-to-air television channel run by Fiji Television. It is shown all across Fiji. It is paid for by advertisements. For this reason, programs on Fiji One have commercial breaks, to allow advertisers that fund the programs to showcase their products or services.

Comet Group

Comet was a chain of shops in the UK. They were the second largest retailer of TVs, and biggest retailer of fridges, washing machines and dishwashers in England.

Sainsbury's

Sainsbury's is the biggest supermarket chain based in the United Kingdom. Sainsbury's originally sold only food, but it now sells other things like mobile phones, clothing, and books. Sainsbury's is the second largest supermarket in the UK (after Tesco). The clothing range at Sainsbury's has changed a lot over the years. It started off with, Jeff & Co, then another range was brought in, after that Adams Kids. Now it is called TU. Sainsbury's sister store is called Argos.

Venus of Willendorf

Venus of Willendorf or Woman of Willendorf, is an 11.1 cm (4.4 inches) high statuette of a woman or woman-like thing. Someone carved it in prehistoric times, perhaps 30,000 years ago. Archaeologist Josef Szombathy found it in 1908 near Willendorf. The statuette is made of a kind of limestone called oolite. There is no oolite near Willendorf, so scientists think someone carried the stone a very long way. The statue is colored with red ochre. Willendorf is a village in Lower Austria near the city of Krems.

A study from 1990 said the statue was made between 24,000 and 22,000 BCE. Scientists think someone in the Gravettian culture carved it using flint tools. A study from 2022 said that the oolite in the statue matched oolite from northern Italy, which means someone must have carried the stone over or around the Alps and Danube river.

"Venus of Willendorf" is part of the collection of the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna .

Since 1908, archaeologists have found many more statuettes of fat women, like the Venus, so they are called Venus figurines too.


Acts of Supremacy

The Acts of Supremacy was passed by Elizabeth I in 1558. This act stated that the king, not the pope was the head of the Church of England.

When this act was originally passed by Henry VIII, in 1534, he had been the ‘Head of the Church in England’ but under Elizabeth’s reign, she was “Supreme Governor of the Church in England”.

The change may have been made to appease Catholics who could not accept the monarch as "Head of the Church", seeing the church as the Pope's domain, or it may have been made because Elizabeth was a woman. In the sixteenth century, women were regarded as inferior to men in spiritual matters, and many were uncomfortable with the idea of a woman being in charge. This act also included an oath of loyalty to the Queen that the clergy were expected to take. If they did not take it, then they would lose their office. A High Commission was established to ensure that the oath was taken.

Compact fluorescent lamp

A compact fluorescent lamp (CFL), is a type of lamp (or light bulb) designed to fit into the same space and usually also the same socket as an incandescent bulb, but with the advantages of a fluorescent lamp. Many CFLs can directly replace an existing incandescent lamp. They were invented late in the 20th century and much used after the turn of the century (after 2000).

The purchase price of a CFL is often much higher than an incandescent lamp of the same output, and the light from CFLs looks different to light from incandescent lamps. CFLs have a longer rated life and use less energy than an incandescent lamp of the same brightness. A CFL can save over US$30 in electricity costs over the lamp’s lifetime compared to an incandescent lamp.
As in other fluorescent lamps, electrified mercury vapor emits ultraviolet (UV) light. A phosphor converts it to visible light. The ballast prevents too much electricity from flowing through the tube. It is usually in the plastic base of the bulb. If the ballast is in the bulb, the bulb is called a self-ballasted lamp. Most are electronic ballasts.

The average rated life of a CFL is 8 to 15 times longer that of incandescents. CFLs typically have a rated lifespan of 6,000 to 15,000 hours, whereas incandescent lamps are usually manufactured to have a lifespan of 750 hours or 1,000 hours.

The lifetime of any lamp depends on many factors, including operating voltage, manufacturing defects, exposure to voltage spikes, mechanical shock, frequency of cycling on and off, lamp orientation, and ambient operating temperature. The life of a CFL is significantly shorter if it is turned on and off frequently. In the case of a 5-minute on/off cycle the lifespan of a CFL can be reduced to "close to that of incandescent light bulbs". The U.S. Energy Star program suggests that fluorescent lamps be left on when leaving a room for less than 15 minutes to avoid this problem. If the light must be switched on and off frequently, Cold cathode CFLs can be used. Cold cathode CFLs are designed for many more on/off cycles than standard CFLs.

The mercury inside the tube is toxic and makes these bulbs hazardous waste. The bulbs must be taken to a recycling center after they stop working. Most CFLs contain an amount of mercury smaller than the tip of a ballpoint pen. During normal use, the mercury cannot escape, although it will escape if the bulb is broken. If a single bulb breaks, it is not usually a cause for concern. It is recommended to open windows to air out the room, and to clean up broken glass with duct tape instead of a vacuum cleaner.

High-intensity discharge bulbs such as sodium-vapor, mercury-vapor, and metal-halide lamps are used for lighting large areas, although like fluorescent lamps they contain mercury. Their main advantage is much higher light output.

Halogen bulbs with a halogen capsule inside a standard incandescent bulb housing contain no mercury. They use more energy than CFLs, but less than traditional incandescents.

LED bulbs are also becoming a popular alternative. They are also mercury-free, and use about the same amount of energy as CFLs.


PL Kyodan

PL Kyodan or the Church of Perfect Liberty is an international religion that developed from the Zen Buddhist culture of Japan early in the 20th century. PL teaches that "Life is art." Humans have been born to express their own unique individuality in everything they do - "creating true art". 

To assist them in improving their lives and overcoming hardships believers are taught why they have these problems and are guided in solving them by the Patriarch (Oshieoya-sama) and ministers.

PL does not have a holy book (like a Bible), however, they have PL 21 Precepts and the PL 21 Principles which were revealed by the Founders of the Church. 

Nowadays the group claims more than 3 million followers worldwide. Most of the parishes are in Japan, however, due to the active missionary work in the 1960s. PL was established in South-America and USA as well. Today they are present also in Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Peru. Oceania headquarters was founded in the 1990s in Brisbane, Australia. Small communities exist in Europe as well, especially in France, Portugal and Hungary.

PL presents each year in the Japanese headquarters the world' biggest firework. The baseball group of PL High School is very famous in Japan. Often they win the national championship. 

The movement was founded by the Rev. Tokuharu Miki (1871-1938). He was a Zen Buddhist priest of the Obaku Sect. He is referred to as "the First Founder". In 1912 he met the Rev. Tokumitsu Kanada, who instantly cured his chronic asthma by a sacred ritual. He asked Kanada to teach him this ritual so he could cure disease, and became his disciple. Before his death, Kanada told Tokuharu that his Tokumitsu Church had 18 Precepts, but there were three more which were to be revealed to complete the teachings. Five years later, the three precepts were revealed, and he established the new Tokumitsu Church in 1924 and became the First Kyoso (Oshieoya, Founder). In 1931, the name was changed to the Hitonomichi Church, meaning "the way of humans."

The Church spread rapidly throughout Japan, Korea, China and to other Southeast Asia countries and its members numbered one million in a short period of time. In 1936 however, the Church was suppressed by the military government and ordered to disband. On July 6, 1938, the Rev. Tokuharu Miki died. 

The "Second Founder", the Rev. Tokuchika Miki (1900-1983), succeeded his father. He was also imprisoned, but was released in 1945. At Tosu City in Saga Prefecture, on September 29, 1946, Tokuchika Miki reestablished the Hitonomichi Church, but under the new name of the Church of Perfect Liberty, declaring the truth, "Life is Art." 

On September 29, 1947, he revealed the PL 21 Precepts, the basic teachings of PL. The Church expanded rapidly all over Japan and in 1953, construction began on the present Headquarters in Tondabayashi, on the edge of Osaka. Tokuchika Miki organized the "Federation of New Religious Organizations of Japan" and chaired it for many years. He visited Pope Paul VI and Pope John Paul II to discuss world peace. He died in 1983.

The "Third Founder", the Rev. Takahito Miki (b. 1957), the adopted son of the Second Founder, succeeded to the divine position of Oshieoya in 1983. He has since visited over 700 PL churches throughout the world. Miki is also the vice president of Shinshuren, Federation of New Religious Organizations of Japan.



Winston Smith

Winston Smith is a fictional character and the protagonist of George Orwell's 1949 novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four". In the book, Winston is a clerk for the Ministry of Truth, where his job is to rewrite historical documents so that they match the current party line, which changes on a daily basis.

Yantai

Yantai is a city in Shandong province, China. It is on the coast facing the Huang Hai. The average annual temperature is 12°C. The annual rainfall is 20 mm. 

The city used to be called "Chefoo" because an island close to the city was named "Chefoo". The name of the city means "Smokey Tower" (yan - smoke, tai - tower). The city is named "Yantai" because in 1398 the Hongwu Emperor of the Ming dynasty, built watch towers nearby to tell everyone if Japanese pirates were coming.

Qiemo

Qiemo, also called Cherchen, is an inland city in Xinjiang, China. About 60,000 people live in the city. It is a river town on the edge of the Taklamakan Desert. The area has been settled for a long time. A cemetery at least 3,500 years old is near the town, as well as Bronze Age rock carvings. The town was along the trade route to Tibet. Marco Polo is supposed to have passed through the town in 1273.

Fictional universe

A fictional universe is a made up world that is used as the setting for one or (more commonly) many works of fiction. It is often used in books but can be used in any form used to tell a story, for example role-playing games, television or movies. It can be said that every work of fiction makes a world of its own. A fictional universe is used when things in a story become a part either of other stories, or of games or other things.

Fictional universes are most often used in science fiction and fantasy stories but they can be used in any type of fiction. A fictional universe usually has certain things in them that make them different from the real world. These things could affect anything from cities the author created to entire galaxies. In most fictional universes, the laws of physics are different to let things exist which commonly do not, for example, magic or space travel to other planets. Fictional universes may also take place in any time period during the past, present, or future.

However Fictional universes are inside our Universe as fiction exist in books, movies And books movies are inside the real universe...

The term was first defined by comics historian Don Markstein, in a 1970 article in "CAPA-alpha".


There are many examples of fictional universes. They are often used to provide a common theme to many different types of things.

The "Star Wars" expanded universe is a fictional universe that was started from the first Star Wars movie "" in 1977. 

Based on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" the television series.

Many types of fiction have their own "universe". Many started in one category and now exist in many of them. For example, Harry Potter started out as a series of books then moved to movies and then video games.







Abandoned shared universes:

The reboots of A Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday the 13th and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre shared a universe, the "New Line Cinema's House of Horror" which was cancelled following disappointing figures and reviews


Ronnie James Dio

Ronnie James Dio (born Ronald James Padavona; July 10, 1942 – May 16, 2010) was an American heavy metal singer. His parents were Italian Americans. He performed with Elf, Rainbow, Black Sabbath, and his own band Dio. He was also part of the band Heaven and Hell (named after Black Sabbath's most famous song), with some of the original Black Sabbath members. Dio was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire and raised in Cortland, New York. He starred in the Tenacious D movie, "The Pick Of Destiny".

In November 2009, Dio was diagnosed with stomach cancer, which caused his death in Houston, Texas, on May 16, 2010. He was 68. 


Chow Yun-fat

Chow Yun-fat (born May 18, 1955), formerly called Donald Chow, is a Hong Kong actor and singer. He often worked with John Woo in the action movies "A Better Tomorrow", "The Killer", and "Hard Boiled". He also acted in "", and has acted in many drama movies.

His parents were farmers and poor. He grew up on an island without electricity. While in college, Chow began training to become an actor with TVB. He first appeared on the 1980 TV series "The Bund". Chow appeared in many TV series, but he wanted to act in movies. He acted in a few movies, but they were very bad. He finally became successful when he teamed with John Woo in "A Better Tomorrow".

Anglican Communion

The Anglican Communion is an association of all Anglican churches in full communion with the Church of England. There is no single "Anglican Church" with universal authority, because each national or regional church has full autonomy. With over one hundred and ten million members, the Anglican Communion is the third largest communion in the world, after the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Churches.

The status of full communion means that all rites conducted in one church are recognised by the other. Some of these churches are known as Anglican, explicitly recognising the link to England ("Ecclesia Anglicana" means "Church of England"). 

The Archbishop of Canterbury, religious head of the Church of England, has no formal authority outside that jurisdiction, but is recognised as symbolic head of the worldwide communion. 

All thirty-eight provinces of the Anglican Communion are independent, each with its own primate and governing structure. These provinces may take the form of national churches (such as in Canada, Uganda, or Japan) or a collection of nations (such as the West Indies, Central Africa, or Southeast Asia). They are, in alphabetical order:


In addition, there are six extraprovincial churches, five of which are under the metropolitical authority of the Archbishop of Canterbury:




Joan of Acre

Joan of Acre (April 1272 – 7 April, 1307) was a daughter of King Edward I of England and his first wife, Eleanor of Castile (1241-1290).

Jules Verne

Jules Verne (February 8, 1828 – March 24, 1905) was a French writer. He was one of the first authors to write science fiction. Some of his books include "Journey To The Centre Of The Earth" (1864), "From the Earth to the Moon" (1865), "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea" (1870), and "Around the World in Eighty Days" (1873).

He was born in the city of Nantes, France. His father was a lawyer, and at the beginning, Verne wanted to study law as well. When he was nineteen, he started writing long pieces of literature, but his father wanted him to earn money as a lawyer, not as a writer. In 1847, his father sent him to Paris to start studying law.

In 1848, Jules Verne, on a visit home, fell in love, but the girl's parents did not want her to marry him. Verne was depressed when he heard that the girl had been married to someone else - a rich, older man. In his stories, Jules Verne often writes about women married to people they do not love.

He returned to Paris to find it on the verge of revolution: the French Revolution of 1848 deposed the king, and Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte was elected as the first president of the Republic of France. (A republic is a country which does not have a king or queen, but has a president instead.)

Verne continued to study law until 1851, but all the time he was writing and meeting with other authors and artists.

Finally, in 1852, he decided to give up being a lawyer, and become a full-time professional writer instead. His father was very unhappy with this decision, but Verne was stubborn and strong-minded, so he went ahead with his plans.
Verne went to Paris to try to find success. At first, he did not find any fame. Over time, he became a fan of science, while becoming well known for his writing. His love of science and writing led him to write stories and novels that are now called "science fiction". Many people say Jules Verne was the creator of the science fiction genre.

Verne lived to write. He wrote many stories. These included fiction novels, theater works, and other novels. In 1886, his young nephew, Gaston, who had paranoia, shot Verne in the leg. After that, Verne had a permanent limp in his leg. This may have resulted in his darker writing styles in that time period.

Verne married Aimée du Fraysse de Viane in January 1857 with his father's blessing. In August 1861, their son was born.
He continued to write until his death. On 24th of March 1905, Verne, who was sick with diabetes, died at his home in Amiens, France.

Jules Verne wrote about many things which did not exist when he was alive. Some of these things later became real. Verne was far from being a scientist, but his passion for technology and the progress being made at the time served to introduce many of the inventions that were to come and that, over time, have ended up becoming ordinary elements of our every-day life.

In "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea", Captain Nemo and his electric submarine were a modern marvel. Electricity was very new at the time, and had never been used to power an underwater ship.

In an 1889 article, "In the Year 2889," Jules Verne described an alternative to newspapers: "Instead of being printed, the "Earth Chronicle" is every morning spoken to subscribers, who, from interesting conversations with reporters, statesmen and scientists, learn the news of the day."The first newscast didn't happen until 1920, according to the Associated Press—nearly 30 years after Verne imagined it.

Jules Verne wrote about "projectiles" in "From the Earth to the Moon". These projectiles would carry people to the moon. Verne imagined a big gun which would force the module up to the moon. Today, space modules are sent into space at the top of rockets, which force the module beyond the reach of gravity.

In "The Carpathian Castle", some villagers are terrified of a certain castle, from which they can hear voices and see shapes. An intrigued visitor decides to see what is happening, and he finds out that they were hearing just recorded sounds and holographic images.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT; known as the Teenage Mutant "Hero" Turtles, or called as TMHT when they were introduced in the United Kingdom (UK) are a fictional group of four mutant turtles who were taught how to be ninjas by a mutant rat named Master Splinter. The TMNT were created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird and made their comic book debut in 1984. In October 2009, Nickelodeon purchased the intellectual property rights from Mirage Studios.

The "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" first appeared in an American comic book published by Mirage Studios in 1984 in Dover, New Hampshire. The concept arose from a humorous drawing sketched out by Kevin Eastman during a casual evening of brainstorming with friend Peter Laird. Using money from a tax refund, together with a loan from Eastman’s uncle, the young artists self-published a single-issue comic intended to parody four of the most popular comics of the early 1980s: Marvel Comics’ "Daredevil" and "New Mutants", Dave Sim’s "Cerebus", and Frank Miller’s "Ronin". The "TMNT" comic series has been published in various appearances by many comic book companies since 1984.

The Turtles started their rise to mainstream success when a licensing agent, Mark Freedman, sought out Eastman and Laird to propose wider merchandising opportunities for the franchise. In 1986, Dark Horse Miniatures produced a set of 15 mm lead figurines. In January 1987, Eastman and Laird visited the offices of Playmates Toys Inc, a small California toy company that wanted to expand into the action figure market. Development was undertaken by a creative team of companies and individuals: Jerry Sachs, ad man of Sachs-Finley Agency, brought together the animators at Murakami-Wolf-Swenson headed by Fred Wolf. Wolf and his team combined concepts and ideas with the Playmates marketing crew, headed by Karl Aaronian, VP of sales Richard Sallis and President of Playmates Bill Carlson.

Aaronian brought on several designers, and concepteur and writer John C. Schulte and worked out the simple backstory that would live on toy packaging for the entire run of the product and show. Sachs called the high-concept pitch "Green Against Brick". The sense of humor was honed with the collaboration of the MWS animation firm's writers. Playmates and their team essentially served as associate producers and contributing writers to the miniseries that was first launched to sell-in the toy action figures. Phrases like "Heroes in a Half Shell" and many of the comical catch phrases and battle slogans ("Turtle Power!") came from the writing and conceptualization of this creative team. As the series developed, veteran writer Jack Mendelsohn came on board as both a story editor and scriptwriter. David Wise, Michael Charles Hill, and Michael Reaves wrote most of the scripts.

The miniseries was repeated three times before it found an audience. Once the product started selling, the show got syndicated and picked up and backed by Group W, which funded the next round of animation. The show then went network, on CBS. Accompanied by the popular "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" 1987 TV series, and the subsequent action figure line, the TMNT were soon catapulted into pop culture history. At the height of the frenzy, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the Turtles' likenesses could be found on a wide range of children's merchandise, from Pez dispensers to skateboards, breakfast cereal, video games, school supplies, linens, towels, cameras, and even toy shaving kits.

While the animated TV series, which lasted for 10 seasons until 1996, was more light-hearted, the comic book series continued in a much darker tone. In 1990 a live-action feature film was released, with the turtles and Splinter being portrayed by actors in partially animatronic suits created by Jim Henson's Creature Shop. The film became one of the most successful independent films, and made two sequels, as well as inspiring a 3D animated film set in the same continuity, which was released in 2007 under the title "TMNT". After the end of the cartoon series, a live action series in the vein of the films was created in 1997 in collaboration with Saban Entertainment. The series was called "" and introduced a fifth, female turtle called Venus De Milo, but was very unsuccessful and was canceled after one season.

The property lay inactive until in 2003 a new animated TV series also entitled "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" began to air on Fox Box (4Kids TV). The series storyline was much closer to the original Mirage comic book series, but was still less violent. It lasted for 7 seasons and 156 episodes, ending in February 2009.

On October 21, 2009, it was announced that cable channel Nickelodeon (a subsidiary of Viacom) had bought all of Mirage's rights to the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" property. Mirage retains the rights to publish 18 issues a year, though the future involvement of Mirage with the Turtles and the future of Mirage Studios itself is unknown. Nickelodeon has developed a new CGI-animated TMNT television series and will partner with fellow Viacom company Paramount Pictures to bring a new TMNT movie to theaters. The TV show premiered on Nickelodeon on September 29, 2012. However, in June 2012, Paramount shut down their planned production due to script issues, pushing their release date out until May 2014.

The turtles are named after famous artists from the Renaissance period. Their names are Leonardo, Raphael, Donatello, and Michelangelo. They live underground in a sewer under Manhattan, and try to keep themselves hidden from people mankind in general, fearing humanity would never understand. While helping their friends, they often end up in trouble fighting crime and villan. Their enemies may vary from inner town street gangs to extraterrestrials. There are a few humans who know about them, a woman named April O'Neil and a man named Casey Jones, and some other people, depending on version. Some versions also use Casey Jones' grandmother's farmhouse in Northampton in Massachussetts as a hangout for the turtles.

Splinter's origin differs between versions. In some versions (Mirage, 2003, movies), he was originally a pet rat of Hamato Yoshi, ending up mutated. In other versions (1987 carton, Archie and the 2012 cartoon), he was originally a man, Hamato Yoshi, who ended up accidentally touching the ooze, and turned into a humanoid rat.

In the 1987 cartoon, their main antagonists are a Japanese ninjutsu master, Shredder (Oroku Saki), an extraterrestrial called Krang, and two mutant punks, Bebop and Rocksteady, while in the 1984 Mirage comics, Shredder ends up killed by the turtles in the first issue. Krang's appearance is inspired by the Utroms, an extraterrestrial race in the Mirage. The Utroms, however, aren't villains.



They first appeared in a comic book which was made in 1984. In 1987, an animated television show was made, it was extremely popular and ran until 1996.

There were many items based on the show including food, video games and toys. Starting in 1990, three live-action movies were made. In 1997, there was a live-action television series called "Ninja Turtles: The Mutation", which was not very successful. In 2003, a new animated series based more on the original comic book than the other series and an animated movie came out in 2007. Finally, the 2003 season came to an end, and a new series, the "Back to the Sewers" aired in late 2008-early 2009.

In September 2012 another cartoon series began. It takes inspirations from both the Mirage comics, and the 1987 cartoon series. Michael Bay will be producing a reboot of the film coming out on August 8, 2014. The film was directed by Jonathan Liebesman.

Atze Schröder

Atze Schröder is a German comedy figure played by Hubertus Albers.

The figure "Atze Schröder" was born on 27 September 1965 in the German town Essen.

In public, he always acts as his pseudonym "Atze Schröder". Some sources report Emsdetten as his place of birth. He was suing a German newspaper and the German Wikipedia after they published his real name Hubertus Albers.



Autonomy

Autonomy means being able to rule without having to obey some other higher authority. Autonomy is something that philosophers often talk about. The idea occurs in moral, political, and bioethical philosophy. It means that someone is able to make a sensible decision without being forced to do so by someone else. They are able to make a "free" decision. 

In moral and political philosophy, autonomy is often used when discussing whether someone has a moral responsibility for what he does. One of best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by Kant. In medicine, doctors have to respect the autonomy of the patient, i.e. the patient has been given good information about their illness, they should be able to decide whether they want treatment. The doctor cannot force it on them.

In politics, autonomy means self-determination that people can govern themselves instead of being ruled by someone else.


Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (August 27, 1770 – November 14, 1831) was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart, Württemberg, which is now southwest Germany. He started Hegelianism and is a part of German Idealism. He influenced many writers and philosophers, including those who agreed with him (Bradley, Sartre, Küng, Bauer, Stirner, Marx), and those who did not agree with him (Kierkegaard, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Heidegger, Schelling). Hegel's books are difficult to read and deal with many different ideas at the same time. He has written about history, politics, religion, art, logic and metaphysics.





London Borough of Croydon

The London Borough of Croydon is a London Borough. It is in south London. The borough is the farthest south of Greater London, with the M25 circle motorway touching it at the bottom. In North Croydon the borough mainly borders the London Borough of Bromley to the east as well as the London Boroughs of Southwark and Lambeth to the north. The boroughs of Sutton and Merton are west of Croydon.

Croydon's main town centre is Croydon itself. The town offers the most office space in Southeast England apart from Central London. There are two shopping centres in Croydon which are named Centrale and the Witgift Centre. Croydon was named the 20 best shopping town in the UK. Croydon is currently being modernised (meaning new buildings are being built). Croydon College and John Ruskin College are the only schools for people over 16 years old.

The London Borough of Croydon asked the government for city status in 2000 and again in 2002 but it failed. If the government said yes it would have been the third council in Greater London to hold that status, the others being the City of London and the City of Westminster.

The borough is the home of two football clubs, Crystal Palace F.C. who are in the Football League Championship and Croydon F.C. who are in the Ryman League. Croydon is also known for having a lot of parks and open spaces like Mitcham Common and South Norwood Lakes.

Croydon is a tourist attraction in London. One of the reasons is because it is close to Gatwick Airport and because it has lots of entertainment and historic facilities including the Fairfield Halls, Warehouse Theatre, Croydon Airport (disused), Shirley Windmill, Croydon Palace and the Croydon Clocktower.

The borough includes the following areas:

Croydon has many places that people enjoy visiting. There are a lot of places of interest such as Croydon Airport, which was the largest airport in London until its closure in September 1959. It was closed because of it was too small to handle the growing number of flights to Croydon so Heathrow and Gatwick took over. It has become a great place for air plane shows and sometimes is hosts along with Biggin Hill. Addington Palace is an 18th-century mansion that was the home of six archbishops.

Croydon Clocktower is an arts facility in Central Croydon that includes a cinema, library, museum and conference room. The building links into the official Town Hall of Croydon Council and some areas of the building, most notably the Braithwaite Hall, are part of the original complex. The Clocktower is the tower of the Town Hall. New buildings were built alongside the Town Hall and were opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1994. Croydon Palace is where Archbishops of Canterbury used to stay during the summer. It is more than 500 years old.

The Warehouse Theatre is a professional producing with up to a hundred seats in the centre of Croydon based in an oak-beamed former Victorian cement warehouse. The Fairfield Halls is an arts centre in Croydon which opened in 1962. It contains a concert hall, the Ashcroft Theatre (named for local actress ), the Arnhem Gallery civic hall (Croydon is twinned with Arnhem, a city in The Netherlands) and an art gallery. The large concert hall is used by the BBC for recordings.


Nicolas Sarkozy

Nicolas Sarkozy (born 28 January 1955) is a French politician. He was the 23rd President of France and, because of that position, "ex officio" Co-Prince of Andorra from 16 May 2007 to 15 May 2012 succeeding Jacques Chirac.
He was the leader of the UMP, and was elected President of the French Republic on 6 May 2007. He defeated Ségolène Royal, of the Socialist Party.

Nicolas Sarkozy was known for his conservative law and order politics and his admiration for a new economic model for France during his presidency. He wanted a more liberalised economy for France because he saw the United States and the United Kingdom as positive examples. Until 26 March 2007, he was the Minister of the Interior of France. His nickname Sarko was used by both supporters and opponents. On 6 May 2012, Sarkozy was defeated in the 2012 election by Socialist François Hollande by a margin of 3.2%, or 1,139,983 votes. After leaving the office, Sarkozy pretended to retire from political life. As a former president, Sarkozy is entitled to "de jure" membership in the Constitutional Council. He retired from the council a few months later.

On 23 November 2020, a corruption trial started. He was accused for an attempted bribery of a judge. The trial was postponed until November 26, following a request from one of his co-defendants for health reasons.

On March 1, 2021, a court in Paris found former Sarkozy guilty of corruption, trading in influence in a wiretapping and illegal data exchange. Sarkozy and his two co-defendants were sentenced to three years, two of them suspended, and one in prison.

He appeals the court decision immediatly, and contests the partiality of the judges whom he considers to be a reference of a certain non-objective left-wing morality.




RVV Hillesluis

Rotterdamse Voetbalvereniging "Hillesluis" (translated:"Rotterdam's Football Society "Hillesluis"") was a football club in Rotterdam. It was located near the Feyenoord stadium. It was created in 1932 in a Rotterdam's town with the same name. It was disestablished in 2012.

This club has 21 teams from which:


Tyrant

A tyrant (pronounce: "tie"-rant) is a person who rules with absolute power. In its Greek origin the word has no negative meaning: we translate "Oedipus Tyrannus" as 'Oedipus the King'. A tyrant usually rules a country, and he often got his position as powerful ruler by force, although some of them inherited their power.

Later, the word came to mean someone who ruled with cruelty and injustice. The rule of a tyrant is called tyranny. The adjective is tyrannical.

A dictator or despot is someone who rules with absolute authority, usually cruelly. It now has the same meaning as 'tyrant', whereas before, 'tyrant' meant something like 'ruler' or 'king'.

In the 10th and 9th centuries BC, Ancient Greece was ruled by monarchs. By the 7th century BC, they were ruled by groups of aristocrats. These aristocrats started to become unpopular. This gave cruel people the chance to get power for themselves, telling the people that they would be good rulers, but turning bad once they got power.

Around 650 BC the tyrant Cypselus became powerful in Corinth. There were other tyrants in the Asiatic countries that were ruled by Greece. Cypselus’s son Periander was also a cruel tyrant who ruled for 40 years. The tyranny in Corinth came to an end after he died.

Johann Pachelbel

Johann Pachelbel (born in Nuremberg, baptized 1 September, 1653; died in Nürnberg, buried 9 March, 1706) was a German composer and organist. He is very famous for his organ music. He also wrote other keyboard music and music for the Protestant church. His "Canon in D" has become a very popular piece of music and is very often played today at church weddings and other events.

He was brought up in Nürnberg and had his first music lessons there. In 1669 he went to study at the university of Altdorf, but after a year he had to leave because his father could not afford to keep him. About a year later he went to study at the Gymnasium Poeticum in Regensburg. The directors of that school must have realized that he was an extremely talented musician, because they made an extra scholarship for him and allowed him to have special music lessons outside the school.

In 1673 he went to Vienna where he was deputy organist at St Stephen’s Church. He heard a lot more music there, especially the music of the catholic composers of South Germany and Italy. After a short while at Eisenach he got the job of organist at the Predigerkirche in Erfurt.

In 1681 he married, but his wife and their baby boy died in the plague. In 1684 he married again and the couple had five sons and two daughters. Pachelbel taught Johann Christoph Bach who later taught Johann Sebastian Bach.

Pachelbel became a very famous organist. He stayed in Erfurt until 1690. After another five years he became organist at St Sebald, Nürnberg where he stayed for the rest of his life.

Pachelbel is best known for his organ music. He wrote many organ pieces based on chorales while he was in Erfurt. In Nürnberg he wrote many pieces called "Magnificat" fugues. These were preludes which were played before the singers sang the Magnificat. His organ music also includes toccatas, ricercares, fantasias and ciacconas. He wrote many suites for harpsichord and chamber music and vocal music.

"Canon in D" played on a piano:

Opioid

Opioids are substances that act on opioid receptors to produce morphine-like effects. Opioid receptors are widespread in the brain, and are also in the spinal cord and digestive tract.

Opioids are chemical substances that relieve pain. There are a wide range of natural and artificial opioids. They are used in hospitals to treat acute pain, as can occur after an operation. They can also be used to relieve pain, where treatment no longer makes sense, for example in certain cancer patients. Drugs that can relieve pain are broadly known as analgesics.

Certain opioids are used as anesthetics, as well as in emergency medicine and intensive care. There are cases which are difficult to manage with non-opioid analgesics.

Certain opioids have been used as illegal drugs. They can cause impairment if taken in large amounts. Most opioids are controlled substances, only available by prescription.

The term Opiate is sometimes used as a synonym. Most often it is used to refer to opium alkaloids, and semi-synthetic opioids.

So called "endogenous opioids", also called endorphins, are peptides produced by the human body. They are used to respond to stress, to suppress pain and hunger. They also interact with sex hormones and they can cause a state of Euphoria. Mammals produce them in the brain.

There are different alkaloids that naturally occur in opium. Opium is produced from Opium poppy. The most important ones are morphine, codeine and thebamine. Papaverine and noscarpine also occur in opium, but the way they work is different. Most of the time, they are therefore not counted as "opiates".

These are produced based on natural opioids, which are changed. Examples include heroin and oxycodone

Examples are 

Drug tolerance to opioids and other narcotics can develop with long use. This means that higher doses will be needed to keep the same effect. It also means that the body will eventually learn to operate normally with that amount of medication. When the user tries to stop taking these pain killers, withdrawal symptoms appear. Withdrawal from opioids is not life-threatening, but it can be uncomfortable, so it is important to get medical supervision. These symptoms include restlessness, pain in the bones and muscles, insomnia, diarrhoea, vomiting and involuntary leg movements. However, the psychological symptoms, including cravings, depression, anxiety, and insomnia, are more likely to lead a person to relapse if they are not working with a doctor to safely detox.

If the addiction keeps on going, eventual permanent brain changes can appear, which eventually adapts to the drug’s presence. Both prescription and recreational users of Opioids find that they will have to take increasingly larger doses of the drug to get the same effects, a process known as developing a tolerance. As users take greater and greater amounts of Opioids, they become progressively dependent on them. At this point, a full-blown addiction has developed. Even patients who experience chronic pain may be at risk for addiction, even though they are prescribed Opioids for treatment. 

Analgesic

Analgetics (one "analgetic") (or analgesics) is a word for some drugs that are used to stop pain. These are also known as painkillers. There are several kinds of painkillers. All act on the nervous system. Some painkillers (such as opioids) can make people addicted if they are taken for a long time. Some painkillers have side effects that can harm people when they take too much (e.g., too much paracetamol can be dangerous for the liver)


Blender (software)

Blender is a free, open source 3D computer graphics program. It is available for many operating systems, for example Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux. It is made by the Blender Foundation. It was used, for example, to make the short movies Elephants Dream, Big Buck Bunny and Sintel.

A Dutch animation studio called NeoGeo created Blender as an in-house application. The song Yello, which is from a song album called Baby, started an idea of the name "Blender". Ton Roosendaal founded NaN in June 1998. He wanted to make and show off the program to the public. The program was published as shareware until NaN went bankrupt in 2002. The creditors, people who have other people oweing money to them, agreed to sell out Blender under the laws of the GNU General Public License in exchange for a one-time payment of 100,000 Euros (102,000 in U.S. dollars.) On July 18, 2002, Roosendaal put money into a Blender funding campaign—in order to collect donations. On September 7, 2002, the collected funds was given notice to the public. This proved that the Blender source code would be published. Blender is now an open source program. Right now, the Blender Foundation watches and takes care of it. It is the Blender Foundation's responsibility to do such a thing. The Blender Foundation have the right to use dual licensing, so that, in addition to GNU GPL, Blender would also have the permission to use the following name: "Blender License". Blender License does "not" have a rule that says it needs a disclosing source code but it "does" have a rule on payments to the Blender Foundation. On the other hand, this choice was never used and became null in 2005. Right now, Blender belongs only to GNU GPL.

Blender has many features and tools, such as:

Mark Shuttleworth

Mark Richard Shuttleworth (born 18 September 1973) is a South African business person. He was the first African in space. He bought himself his space travel. He is also the leader of the Ubuntu project.

Paracetamol

Paracetamol (or acetaminophen) is a common analgesic, a drug that is used to relieve pain. It can also be used to reduce fever, and some kinds of headache. This makes it an antipyretic, something that reduces fevers. It is used in many drugs that treat the flu and colds.

The words "acetaminophen" and "paracetamol" both come from the names of the chemicals used in the compound: N-acetyl-para-aminophenol and para-acetyl-amino-phenol. Sometimes, it is shortened to APAP, for N-acetyl-para-aminophenol.

Harmon Northrop Morse was the first to make Paracetamol, in the year 1878. Drugs made with Paracetamol became common in the 1950s. Today, these drugs are some of the most used, together with those containing salicylic acid, Ibuprofen or Diclofenac. Unlike these, Paracetamol has no anti-inflammatory properties. In the year 1977, Paracetamol was added to the List of Essential Medicines of the WHO.

Paracetamol is considered safe for use. The drug is easily available without a prescription. People often take too much Paracetamol. Sometimes this is because people do not know how much they should take. The recommended dose may not work for some people. Other times it is because they are trying to commit suicide. Very often, a person's liver can be hurt when they take too much Paracetamol. A dose of 150 milligrams for every kilogram of the person's weight (about 10 grams for most adults) will lead to permanent liver damage, and may cause the liver to fail. For people whose livers have already been damaged, such as alcoholics, and for those with a limited secretion of Paracetamol, this amount can be much smaller.
In England and Wales, about 30.000 people per year go to the hospital after taking too much paracetamol (called paracetamol poisoning), and about 150 die of the poisoning. Since a law was passed saying that Paracetamol packets cannot be too large, fewer people have been committing suicide with Paracetamol. In Great Britain and the United States Paracetamol is the main reason for acute liver failure. About half of the cases are because of an 'unintentional overdose'.

In 1982, there was a case of sabotage: Packets of paracetamol had been tampered with: Seven peoppel died, because they had taken poisoned samples. As a result, the FDA made stricter regulations. Also, Paracetamol-products worth 100 million US dollars were called back.

Morphine

Morphine (INN) (IPA: ) is a strong opiate pain killer drug. It is the principal active agent in opium and the prototypical opiate. Like other opioids, e.g. "diacetylmorphine" (heroin), morphine acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain, and at synapses of the nucleus accumbens in particular. Morphine is highly addictive when compared to other substances, and tolerance and physical and mental dependences develop very rapidly. 

Patients on morphine sometimes say they have insomnia, visual hallucinations and nightmares; if these occur then reduction in dosage or switch to an alternative opioid analgesic should be considered.

The word "morphine" is derived from Morpheus, the god of dreams in Greek mythology. He is the son of Hypnos, god of sleep.

Morphine is used legally: 

Ségolène Royal

Marie-Ségolène Royal (born September 22, 1953 in Dakar, French West Africa, now Senegal) is a French politician. She is the president of the Poitou-Charentes region, a member of the National Assembly and a prominent member of the Socialist Party in France. She was the Socialist Party's candidate for the 2007 French presidential election but lost to Nicolas Sarkozy. She was the partner of former President of France François Hollande from 1978 until 2007.

She is known for her admiration for some "Third Way" policies, for her controversial insistence on law and order issues and for her support of devolution and participatory democracy.

Royal is the author unless otherwise noted.



Codeine

Codeine or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic properties. It is also used to treat coughing and diarrhea. It is marketed as the salts codeine sulfate and codeine phosphate. Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions.

Codeine is an alkaloid found in opium in concentrations ranging from 0.3 to 3.0 percent. Codeine can be extracted from opium. Today, most codeine is synthesized from morphine through the process of O-methylation.

Codeine is used to treat the following:

Codeine is often marketed as drugs in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) as co-codamol (best known in North America as Tylenol 3). Research has shown the combination to be very much more effective than paracetamol, and much less addictive that pure codeine. 

There are similar combinations with aspirin as co-codaprin or with ibuprofen. These combinations provide greater pain relief than either agent alone. Drug synergy is an important principle.

Opium

Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies "(Papaver somniferum)". It contains up to 16% morphine, an opiate alkaloid, which is most frequently processed chemically to produce heroin for the black market. The resin also has non-narcotic alkaloids in it. Some of these are papaverine and noscapine. Opium is also known as "afeem", and was called ""God's Own Medicine"" during its time of greatest popularity. It can be yellow or dark brown, and has a bitter taste.

Opium has been used and produced for thousands of years. During this time, the source plant has been changed and adapted. The methods of processing the plant, and extracting substance and consuming it also have changed. The medicinal use of poppies for pain relief dates back to ancient times, but widespread use in patent medicines or as a recreational drug has occurred only in the last few centuries. Drug prohibition laws in most countries were introduced in the 20th century. Today the opium crop is worth in excess of $400 million legally and $7 billion illegally, after processing. Opium has caused many wars in China, such as the Opium Wars, because of heavy addiction to the drug. People who become addicted to opium become dull, lazy, and even sleepy. Opium itself is a very harmful and addictive ingredient and comes in many other forms of illegal drugs; including Heroin and/or Diamorphine. 

Health risks include, overdose, respiratory depression, risk of HIV if injected, and risk of permanent brain dulling if used for prolonged periods of time.

Union for a Popular Movement

The Union for a Popular Movement (French: "Union pour un Mouvement Populaire", UMP), was the main French centre-right political party. It was formed in 2002. On 30 May 2015, it was replaced by The Republicans.

The party had an absolute majority in the National Assembly but lost its majority in the Senate in September 2011. The UMP is a member of the European People's Party (EPP), of the Christian Democrat International (CDI) and of the International Democrat Union (IDU).

Since the 1980s, the political groups of the parliamentary right joined forces around the values of economic liberalism and the building of Europe. Their rivalries had contributed to their 1981 and 1988 electoral defeats. Therefore, some politicians were in favour of the formation of a confederation, a party.

UMP was founded from the merger of the Gaullist-conservative Rally for the Republic ("Rassemblement pour la République", RPR), the conservative-liberal Liberal Democracy ("Démocratie Libérale", DL), and a part of the centrist Union for French Democracy ("Union pour la Démocratie Française", UDF). Many Christian Democrats (such as Philippe Douste-Blazy and Jacques Barrot), the social-liberal Radical Party and the centrist Popular Party for French Democracy (both associate parties to UDF until 2002) joined the party.

The party was thus born out of the meeting of four major French political traditions: Gaullism, Liberalism (Republicanism), Christian Democracy (Popularism) and Radicalism.

The UMP generally supported the policies of President Jacques Chirac. However, in 2004, the party showed increasing signs of independence. The unpopularity with the electorate of Jacques Chirac and Jean-Pierre Raffarin's government led most members of the UMP to support Nicolas Sarkozy, a rival of Chirac. The party also publicly disapproved of Turkey's proposed membership in the European Union, which Chirac was in favour of.

The first president of the UMP, Alain Juppé, a close associate of Jacques Chirac, resigned on 15 July 2004. On 29 November 2004, Nicolas Sarkozy announced that he would officially take over the presidency of the UMP.

In the 2004 French regional elections the UMP suffered a heavy blow, securing only 2 out of 22 regions in Metropolitan France and half of the departments. This led to the fall of the Jean-Pierre Raffarin government (2001-04), and to the formation of a new cabinet, presided by another UMP politician, Dominique de Villepin.

On 22 April 2007 Nicolas Sarkozy won most of the votes in the first round of the 2007 presidential election. In the second round, he faced Socialist Candidate Ségolène Royal. On 6 May 2007 he won the Presidential election, garnering 53.35% of the vote.









Oxycodone

Oxycodone is a medicine that is used to treat pain. This kind of pain medicine is called an "analgesic".

Oxycodone is a man-made opioid. This means that in the body, it acts like morphine, a powerful, natural painkiller. The chemical elements in oxycodone are very similar to codeine, another natural painkiller.

Oxycodone is a generic drug. It has many different brand names.

Some forms of oxycodone get released into the body right away. These are short-acting forms of oxycodone - they start working quickly, but do not last very long. The most common brand names for short-acting oxycodone are OxyIR and Roxicodone.

Other forms of oxycodone have a special coating that makes just a little bit of the medicine get released into the body at a time. A small amount of oxycodone is released, non-stop, into the body for up to 12 hours. The goal is to have the same amount of painkiller in the body all the time. These are called long-acting, extended-release, or controlled-release forms of oxycodone. They do not start working quickly, but they last a long time. The most common brand name for controlled-release oxycodone is OxyContin.

Oxycodone is often mixed together with other pain medicines. For example:

Since 2014, a new mixture has been created. It is a mixture of oxycodone and naloxone. Its goal is to stop people from abusing long-acting oxycodone. (See the "Addiction" section lower on this page). People sometimes abuse long-acting oxycodone (OxyContin) by chewing, crushing, snorting, or injecting the pills. When oxycodone is mixed with naloxone, if the medicine is swallowed by mouth, like it is supposed to be, the oxycodone works like normal. But if the medicine is chewed, crushed, or dissolved, the naloxone inside is released. The naloxone keeps the oxycodone from working in the brain. This makes it impossible for the person to get the good feelings they wanted to get from abusing the oxycodone.

Oxycodone can be given in many different ways. These are called "routes of administration" (which means "ways of giving a medicine").

Oxycodone starts working the quickest if it is given by one of these routes:
Oxycodone starts working a little more slowly if it is given by one of these routes:
Oxycodone starts working the slowest, but lasts the longest, if it is given:

Most people who take oxycodone exactly as their doctor prescribes it do not get addicted to oxycodone.

But people can get addicted to oxycodone if they misuse it - for example, by taking it without a doctor's prescription, or taking more than the doctor prescribed. Some people like the good feeling they get when they take oxycodone. They may keep taking more and more oxycodone to keep getting that good feeling. This can lead to addiction.

Oxycodone abuse, addition, and overdoses have become much more common recently.


People can die from overdosing on oxycodone (taking too much). Too much oxycodone shuts down the part of the brain that tells us to breathe. This can cause respiratory failure - where the body is not getting enough oxygen to survive. Every part of the body needs oxygen to live, and without enough oxygen, parts of the body - like the brain - will start to die. Eventually, a person's breathing can stop. If they do not get help right away, their heart will stop and they will die.

There is a medicine called naloxone (Narcan) that can reverse some oxycodone overdoses. Once it is given, the naloxone throws the oxycodone off of the spots on the brain they are attached to. Naloxone attaches there instead. This stops the effects of the oxycodone and helps the brain's breathing center start working more normally again.

On November 18, 2015, the FDA approved an "easy-to-use nasal spray" version of naloxone. The goal was to make it easier for everyday people to use naloxone without having to have medical training. Before this, naloxone could only be given through a needle into a vein or muscle.

Oxycodone withdrawal symptoms can include:


Pethidine

Pethidine or meperidine (often called Demerol in the United States) is a synthetic opioid - a man-made drug similar to morphine. It is a painkiller. It is used against moderate to severe pain. It can mix badly with other medicines, including muscle relaxants, some antidepressants, benzodiazepines, and alcohol.

Pethidine can be bad for people with liver disease, kidney disease, an enlarged prostate, trouble peeing, hyperthyroidism, asthma or Addison's disease. It can also be bad for people who have had seizures or epilepsy.

National Assembly (France)

The French National Assembly () is one of the two houses of the Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic. The other is the Senate (""Sénat"").

The National Assembly consists of 577 members known as "députés" (deputies), each elected by a single-member constituency. Deputies are elected in each constituency through a two-rounds system by which the top two candidates in the first round are usually on the ballot for the second. It is presided over by a president normally from the largest party represented, assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum. The term of the National Assembly is five years; however, the President of France may dissolve the Assembly (by i.e.: calling a new election), unless he dissolved it in the preceding year.

The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the left bank of the river Seine. 


Hyperthyroidism

Hyperthyroidism is a medical condition. It is caused by a thyroid gland that is too active. The thyroid gland makes hormones. These hormones manage the body’s metabolism. An example of one of these hormones is thyroxine. The thyroid-stimulating hormone starts the making of thyroxine. The thyroid-stimulating hormone is also called “TSH.” TSH is made in the pituitary gland. Hyperthyroidism is determined by a doctor by blood tests that show a decreased thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) level.

The most common cause of this disorder is "Graves’ disease.” Graves’ disease is a condition in which the thyroid gland becomes overactive. Antibodies from the immune system in the bloodstream attack itself (this is called an autoimmune disease). This causes the thyroid gland to grow, as well as produce more thyroid hormones.

Some symptoms of this disorder are the swelling of the neck, as well as weight loss. In addition, patients could experience their hands trembling, as well as their blood pressure increasing. They could also experience nervousness and anxiety attacks. Medication can stop the effects of hyperthyroidism. However, hyperthyroidism cannot be fixed completely. Hyperthyroidism can occasionally cause death.

99942 Apophis

(99942) Apophis (symbol ) is a near-Earth asteroid that worried people for a short time in December 2004. This was because observations seemed to show that it would hit the Earth in 2029. Other observations had more accurate, or better, ideas. During 2029, Apophis would go through a "gravitational keyhole", an area in space no more than about 400 meters across. This would make it hit the Earth on April 13, 2036. This danger made the asteroid Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006.

More watching showed scientists that the "keyhole" would be missed. On August 5, 2006, Apophis was lowered to a Level 0 on the Torino Scale. As of October 19 2006 the probability that Apophis will hit the Earth on April 13, 2036 is something around 1 in 45,000. It may also hit in 2038, but however the probability for that encounter, or meeting, is 1 in 12.3 million.

Cooke, Bill. (2006) Fatal attraction. "Astronomy", May 2006, pp. 46-51.

These sources are updated as new orbital data becomes available:



Dance music

Dance music is music that is made to be danced to. In a broader sense, an enormous amount of music sounds like dance music, even if it is not composed for dancing. The history of dance music is similar to the history of dance as well as to the history of music.

Dance music was probably the first kind of music there was. Thousands of years ago human beings must have discovered the joy of making noises by beating sticks in rhythm. They probably danced as they did this.

We know that the Ancient Greeks danced to music, although we do not know much about what that music was like.

In the Dark Ages (before the Middle Ages) dancing was very popular. The Christian Church thought that dancing was bad because it was always linked to the devil. This is why the church people thought that musical instruments were bad, because instruments were used for dancing.

The earliest Western dance music that we know are some of the medieval dances such as caroles and the Estampie. Composers started to write their music down on music staves. Dance music had to have a regular beat so that the dancers could dance in time. This is why barlines were invented. The music was divided into bars with a particular number of beats in each bar. This was different from church music which was based on plainchant which was very free in the way it was sung.

In the Baroque period many composers started to write pieces of music which were based on dance rhythms. Composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach wrote suites which were collections of dance movements. The most popular dances in a suite were: allemande, courante, sarabande, minuet and gigue. Even when not writing dance movements, a lot of Baroque music is based on dance rhythms, for example: the grand opening chorus of Bach’s "St Matthew Passion" is based on the rhythm of a sicilienne.

In the Classical music period composers wrote a lot of symphonies and string quartets. They had four movements. The third was normally a minuet, although it was not for dancing to. Composers such as Mozart and Schubert also wrote a lot of music which was for dancing or easy listening. This was the popular music of its time.

In the Romantic era the waltz became popular. Many waltzes were written to be danced to, but other composers simply wrote music (especially piano music) called “waltz”. Chopin wrote piano pieces called after several kinds of dance: waltz, polonaise, mazurka etc. Ballet had become very popular. There was a lot of dance music in operas, especially in French operas.

In the 20th century “dance music” was often thought of as meaning: music played by dance bands. This kind of music developed into rock and roll in the 1960s. Nowadays there is a wide variety of popular dance music, including hip hop. Spanish or Latin American dances such as the samba, tango and cha cha cha are popular all over the world. Towards the end of the 20th century, a form of dance music known as electronic dance music (EDM) arose. This is electronic music which is made in a specific way as to be danced to, usually in the setting of a nightclub, discothèque or a party. Genres of EDM include post-disco, techno, house and trance, amongst several others. 

Baruch Spinoza

Baruch Spinoza also known as Benedict Spinoza (24 November 1632 in Amsterdam – 21 February 1677 in The Hague) was a Dutch philosopher of Portuguese Jewish origin. He is considered to be one of the great Rationalist philosophers of the 17th century. Other famous rationalists include Gottfried Leibniz and René Descartes.

Spinoza's ideas were not cherished by the Jewish community in Amsterdam of the time, and Spinoza was excommunicated in 1656.

An important idea in Spinoza's philosophy is God and Nature (everything that exists) are the same thing. Opposing dualism and free will as determinist, Spinoza said that the body and the mind (soul) are two of God's infinite attributes. 

There is no good or evil in Nature, and that these words only have meanings for human beings. For a person, an event that leads to happiness is good, and an event that leads to suffering is bad. 

Spinoza describes two types of thoughts, or emotions:


The goal of every person is to intellectually love God (that is, understand Nature as much as humanly possible).


Rationalism

Rationalism is the view that reasoning by itself is a source of knowledge or proof. It is a philosophical movement that began in the 17th century, but the same ideas were also talked about before then. Rationalist philosophers believe that all knowledge can be understood through a process of reasoning, without any external sources. They do not believe that human beings can understand everything this way, but that it is theoretically possible. Rationalist philosophers attempt to understand ideas like God and the soul in this manner.

The first people to talk about rationalism were Marin Mersenne and René Descartes, of the Age of Enlightenment in the 17th and 18th centuries. Other philosophers who are seen as rationalist today include Baruch Spinoza, Gottfried Leibniz and Immanuel Kant. Famous people opposed to this idea were David Hume and John Locke. These opponents favored a view called empiricism.

Rationalism also influenced natural law. Natural law is a theory that says that there are laws given by nature, valid everywhere. Deism was also influenced by rationalism. According to deism, a supreme being created the universe. This being, and other religious truths can be determined by observing nature, and finding natural laws. This would make religions that are based on revelation unnecessary. 

List of Universal Pictures movies

This is a partial listing of movies produced and/or distributed by Universal Pictures, the main production/distribution arm of Universal Studios, a subsidiary of NBCUniversal and Comcast.











2029

2029 (MMXXIX) will be .








Elephants Dream

Elephants Dream is a short movie made using mostly open source software. Blender was the main program used to make the movie. It began production in September 2005 and was released on March 24, 2006. It was first developed under the name "Orange", then later changed to "Machina" then finally to "Elephants Dream" since the people working on the movie could not decide how "Machina" would be pronounced. The movie is 11 minutes long.

The movie has a very random and abstract nature. Despite the film's title, "Elephants Dream" does not have any elephants or dreams. It instead has Proog and Emo in an extremely bizarre construction referred to only as "the machine." Proog tries to introduce Emo to its nature, but Emo is reluctant (If a person is reluctant to do something, he/she does not want to do it.) and argues about its purpose.
Bassam Kurdali, Director of Elephants Dream, explained the plot of the movie by saying:

"The story is very simple- I'm not sure you can call it a complete story even- It is about how people create ideas/stories/fictions/social realities and communicate them or impose them on others. Thus Proog has created (in his head) the concept of a special place/machine, that he tries to "show" to Emo. When Emo does not accept his story, Proog becomes desperate and hits him. It's a parable of human relationships really- You can substitute many ideas (money, religion, social institutions, property) instead of Proog's machine - the story does not say that creating ideas is bad, just hints that it is better to share ideas than force them on others. There are lots of little clues/hints about this in the movie- many little things have a meaning- but we are not very "tight" with it, because we are hoping people will have their own ideas about the story, and make a new version of the movie. In this way (and others) we tie the story of the movie with the "open movie" idea." 

Ton Roosendaal announced the film in May 2005. He is the chairman of the Blender Foundation. The Blender Foundation and the Netherlands Media Art Institute funded the project. The Foundation raised a lot of their funds by selling pre-orders of the DVD. Everyone who preordered before September 1 has his or her name listed in the film's credits. The film was released for download on the Official Orange Project website on May 18, 2006.


Chapel Royal

The Chapel Royal is a department of the monarch's household in the United Kingdom. 

Incorrectly, the term is also used for the choirs of these chapels. The correct name for these choirs is the "Gentlemen of the Chapel". They are a group of priests and singers who sing church services for the British monarch (king or queen). They are helped by young boy singers called choristers or "Children of the Chapel." It is an old tradition. 

Today there are two consecrated buildings at St James’s Palace, near Buckingham Palace in London served by the Chapel Royal. These chapels do not belong to the diocese (group of churches in a district). That is why they are called “royal peculiars” (“peculiar” in this sense does not mean “strange” but “special”). Services are held every Sunday except during August and September. Members of the public are welcome to go to these services. This is the only time that the public can go into the royal chapels. The choir also sing at special services, including one held every year on 6 January to celebrate Epiphany when offerings of gold, frankincense and myrrh are made on behalf of the queen.

The Chapel Royal dates back to the late 13th century. At that time the priests and choir travelled with the king wherever he went.

In the 17th century the chapel had its own building in Whitehall, which burned down in 1698. Since 1702 it has been based in St. James's Palace.

In the 16th and 17th centuries the choir was the best choir in England. William Byrd and Thomas Tallis were both organists there during the reign of Elizabeth I. Boy choristers from choirs outside London were sometimes made to join the Children of the Chapel if they had beautiful voices. These boys also took part in plays at the king or queen’s court. Charles II liked musical instruments, so the choir were often joined by violins, lutes and viols. 

Some very famous composers were organists at the Chapel Royal. These include: Thomas Tallis (c.1545-85), William Byrd (c.1572-c.1618), John Bull (1591-1613), Orlando Gibbons (1605-25), John Blow (1673/4-1708), Henry Purcell (1682-95), Jeremiah Clarke (1704-1707), William Croft (1708-27), and George Frideric Handel who was organist from (1723-59). At the time Handel was appointed he was still German, not English, so he was not allowed to be a member. Instead, he was given a special title: "Composer of Musick of His Majesty's Chappel Royal".

Today the Choir rehearses twice weekly at St James's Palace. The choir consists of six Gentlemen-in-Ordinary who are professional singers, and ten boys who have scholarships to go to the City of London School where they are called Queen's Scholars. 

The composer Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, who was Master of the Queen's Music, worked closely with the Chapel Royal, composing a new carol for them every Christmas.

The head of the Chapel Royal in Scotland is a Dean. Another Chapel Royal once existed in Ireland. 


Orlando Gibbons

Orlando Gibbons (born: Oxford, baptised 25 December 1583; died Canterbury, 5 June 1625) was an English composer and organist. He was one of the most important composers of his day. He is famous for his church music and organ music. He lived in the late Tudor and early Jacobean periods.

Gibbons was born in Oxford where his father was a city wait. The family moved to Cambridge and his brother Edward, who was 15 years older than Orlando, became Master of the Choristers at King’s College. Between 1596 and 1598 Orlando sang in the choir of King's College, Cambridge where his brother was master. He entered the university in 1598 and got the degree of Bachelor of Music in 1606. He married and had seven children.

James I made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was organist from at least 1615 until his death. In 1625 he became senior organist at the Chapel Royal, with Thomas Tomkins as junior organist. He was also keyboard player (mainly harpsichord) in the privy chamber of the court of Prince Charles (later King Charles I), and organist at Westminster Abbey. He died an early death in Canterbury of apoplexy, and a monument to him was built in Canterbury Cathedral.

Gibbons wrote a lot of keyboard works, around thirty fantasias for viols, some madrigals (the best-known being "The Silver Swan"), and many popular anthems. He was very good at writing counterpoint as well as lovely melodies. His famous verse anthem "This is the record of John" is often sung by choirs at Advent. It has a lovely solo for a countertenor who takes it in turns with the full chorus. Gibbons wrote two settings of the Evensong service: a long one with several verses, and the "Short" service. His full anthems include "O Lord in thy wrath", and the Palm Sunday setting of "O clap your hands together" for 8 voices.

Waits

Waits or waites were British town musicians. From medieval times up to the early 19th century, every important British town and city had a band of waites. Some other countries in Europe also had waits. They were called Stadtpfeifer in Germany and Pifferi in Italy.

The duties (things they had to do) varied in different towns and at different times in history. One of their most important jobs was to play at certain times of day so that people knew what the time was. They often played from the top of church towers. Sometimes they were also guards, watching from the towers so that they could spot any danger. They were like watchmen, making sure everything was all right (there was no police at that time). They woke people up in the mornings by playing music in the streets.

The instruments they played also varied. Mostly they were loud wind instruments such as the shawm. It was a paid job. The waits wore smart liveries and silver chains of office with the town's arms.

In Germany the Stadtpfeifer would also play at church services. They would play shawms or trombones on normal days, but trumpets and drums on feast-days.

In Britain there were no more waits after 1835. The name “waits” is still used in “Christmas Waits” (any group of people singing carols at Christmas).

Tennis Court Oath

The oath was a pledge signed by 576 members out of 577 of France's Third Estate and a few members of the First Estate on June 20, 1789 in a tennis court near the Palace of Versailles. 

The meeting hall of the Estates General had been locked accidentally, but the Third Estate thought that this was an invasion of their rights, and were very angry with the king. They stood in a nearby indoor tennis court. They made a solemn vow that they would not move until "the voice of the country was heard" and their requests were met. They were joined by the nobles and clergy.

The vote had always been taken by class, and usually, the nobility and the clergy voted to support whatever the king wanted, so the vote of the middle class did not matter. The middle class argued that voting should be "by poll" not by order, because they had more representatives than the first two estates combined. They also wanted the Estates General to meet as one body, so that voting would be by poll, rather than by class.

A week later , the king agreed and the Estates General met as the "National Assembly".


Chart

A chart or graph is an image which summarizes data and presents it in an easy to understand way. Charts are often used to make it easier to understand the relationships of different aspects of the data. It is easier to read a chart than the raw data.


Samuel Adams

Samuel Adams (September 27 (OS), 1722–October 2, 1803) was an American leader, politician, writer, and political philosopher, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. Adams helped gather support in the American colonies to rebel against Great Britain. This led to the American Revolution. Adams shaped the foundations of American politics.

Adams, born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts, was brought up in a religious family. He was educated at Boston Latin School and Harvard College. He started his life as a businessman, but did not like his occupation. He then turned his interest to politics, and became an influential political writer. Adams urged the colonists to withdraw from Great Britain and form a new government. He told the colonies to defend their rights and liberties at town meetings in Boston. He wrote protests against Parliament's taxes against the colonies, such as the Stamp Act of 1765. Adams also organized the Boston Tea Party in 1773 and he was a member of the Continental Congress. He argued for the Declaration of Independence at the Second Continental Congress in 1776.

Adams helped write the Massachusetts Constitution with James Bowdoin and his cousin John Adams. Later, Adams helped draft the Articles of Confederation. After the Revolutionary War ended, he ran for the House of Representatives in the 1st United States Congressional election. He lost the election to Fisher Ames. He was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in 1789. After John Hancock's death in 1793, Adams served as the acting governor. He was then elected governor in January of 1794. He served in that position until June 1797. He then retired from politics and settled in his home in Boston. He died six years later on October 2, 1803.

Many of the foremost works on Adams' life are from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Much of the information in more recent biographies is attributed to these earlier works.


Bar chart

A bar chart is a type of chart which shows the values of different categories of data as rectangular bars with different lengths. A histogram is a bar chart that shows how data is spread over its categories.

It is another one dimensional diagram also known as pillar diagram or column graph. These bars do not have any specific width but the height of the bar is proportionally to the value of an element. When the variations are small this method is very efficient. 

Pie chart

A pie chart is a type of chart with the shape of a pie or circle. It presents the relationship of different parts of the data. One would easily see the biggest or smallest share of the total data, by simply looking at the pie chart.

The earliest known pie charts were in William Playfair's "Statistical Breviary" of 1801, in which two are used.

This invention was not widely used at first. The French engineer Charles Joseph Minard was one of the first to use it. In 1858 he used them in maps to add information in a third dimension.
Some have said that Florence Nightingale invented it, but they were ignorant of Playfair's creation.

Nightingale was one of the first to use graphics to get important statistics to the reading public.
The polar area diagram is similar to a usual pie chart, except sectors are equal angles and differ rather in how far each sector extends from the center of the circle.
The polar area diagram is used to plot cyclic phenomena (e.g., count of deaths by month).
For example, if the count of deaths in each month for a year are to be plotted then there will be 12 sectors (one per month) all with the same angle of 30 degrees each. The radius of each sector would be proportional to the square root of the death count for the month, so the area of a sector represents the number of deaths in a month.
If the death count in each month is subdivided by cause of death, it is possible to make multiple comparisons on one diagram, as is seen in the polar area diagram used by Nightingale.

Pie charts are not the most accurate way to show data: that has been known for some time. Pie charts should be used only when the sum of all categories is meaningful, for example if they represent proportions.

Pie charts are rare in scientific writing. They are more common in business and economics. One reason for this may be that it is more difficult to compare the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length. Stevens' power law says that it is harder to see small differences using visual area than when using length. This means that length is a better scale to use, because differences can be seen more easily.

This can be shown with the image to the right. The pie chart and the bar chart have the same data. Most people have difficulty putting the slices in the pie chart in order by size from biggest to smallest. When using the bar chart, it is much easier to tell the difference between bars that are very similar in size.



Biographical Directory of the United States Congress

The Biographical Directory of the United States Congress is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the United States Congress. It also includes all members of the Continental Congress. It also includes delegates from territories and the District of Columbia and Resident Commissioners from the Philippines and Puerto Rico.


Teapot

A teapot is a container used to mix tea leaves with boiling water to make tea. Usually the tea leaves are in a tea bag when the tea leaves are put into the water. The tea can be poured from the teapot into cups.



Le Monde

Le Monde (English: "The World") is a French daily evening newspaper. It is among the newspapers most read in France. Its political opinion is slightly left-wing. In many countries outside France, this is the only French newspaper available.

The newspaper should not be confused with the monthly publication "Le Monde diplomatique". "Le Monde" has 51% ownership of the monthly. Despite this, the monthly has a different editorial staff.

"Le Monde" was founded by Hubert Beuve-Méry. This was at the request of General Charles de Gaulle after the German army was driven from Paris during World War II. The newspaper took over the format of "Le Temps", because the reputation of the latter had suffered during the Occupation of France. Beuve-Méry reportedly asked for total editorial independence as the condition for his taking on the project. Its first edition appeared on December 19, 1944. "Le Monde" has been available on the Internet since December 19, 1995. It is the main publication of Groupe Le Monde.

In 2004, "Le Monde" had a circulation of 371,803 copies.


Begging the question

Begging the question requires two or more ideas. Each of these ideas may or may not be true. The speaker of these ideas tries to show that one idea is true by saying a second idea proves it, but the second idea is true only if the first idea is true already.

Begging the question is commonly known as circular reasoning, though they are not exactly the same.

Begging the question is a fallacy.

"This begs the question" has recently been used to mean "this raises the question." This usage is often criticized as inappropriate.

Ciwan Haco

Ciwan Haco (born 1957) is a Kurdish singer. He was born near Qamishlo in Syria. After finishing high school, he left for Germany in order to continue his studies. He studied music at the University of Bochum for three years. After university, he started his career as a singer. He combined Kurdish folk music with western style pop music, rock, blues, and jazz. He has released 14 albums. He become well known on the Kurdish music scene after he sang for more than 200.000 people in Batman, south Turkey, in 2003. Haco lives in Sweden with his wife. He has two children, Lorin, 7, and Rosa, 5.

Tata Young

Amita Marie "Tata" Young (born December 14, 1980 in Bangkok) is a Thai singer, model and actress, partly from American descent. 

She became a singer when she was 15. Her first album was called "Amita Tata Young" and it was very successful. It sold more than a million copies in less than 5 months. In 2004, she made an English album called "I Believe". It sold many copies and made her famous in other countries as well.

In 2006 she made her second English album called "Temperature Rising", which made her even more popular, especially in Asia. In 2008 Tata Young released a Thai language album called "One Love".

Her most recent album "Ready for Love" was released in 2009.

Trip

Trip has several meanings:

Trip may also be:

Practice

Practice or practise (a verb form in British English) is the act of repeating a behavior over and over, or doing an activity again and again.

It is a way to learn things faster, by repeating them. For example, sport teams practice to prepare for real games, or a musician practices for some hours every day, so he can play perfectly in his concert.

A practice can also mean the way something is done, like in "medical practice".

Stevens' power law

Stevens' power law is a proposed relationship between the magnitude of a physical stimulus and the intensity or strength that people feel.

Most people think that it describes a wider range of sensations than Weber-Fechner law. But critics argue that the validity of the law is not sure.

The theory is named after psychophysicist Stanley Smith Stevens (1906–1973). Although the idea of a power law had been suggested by 19th century researchers, Stevens is credited with reviving the law and publishing a body of psychophysical data to support it in 1956.

The general form of the law is
where formula_2 is the magnitude of the physical stimulus, formula_3 is the psychophysical function capturing sensation (the subjective size of the stimulus), formula_4 is an exponent that depends on the type of stimulation and formula_5 is a proportionality constant that depends on the type of stimulation and the units used.

The table to the right lists the exponents reported by Stevens.


Stimulus

A Stimulus (plural stimuli) is something which causes a response. It is used in various bodies:


Logic gate

A logic gate is an electronic component that can be used to conduct electricity based on a rule. The output of the gate is the result of applying this rule to one or more "inputs". These inputs may be two wires or the output of other logic gates.

Logic gates are digital components. They normally work at only two levels of voltage, a positive level and zero level. Commonly they work based on two states: "On" and "Off". In the On state, voltage is positive. In the Off state, the voltage is at zero. The On state usually uses a voltage in the range of 3.5 to 5 volts. This range can be lower for some uses. 

Logic gates compare the state at their inputs to decide what the state at their output should be. A logic gate is "on" or active when its rules are correctly met. At this time, electricity is flowing through the gate and the voltage at its output is at the level of its On state.

Logic gates are electronic versions of Boolean logic. Truth tables will tell you what the output will be, depending on the inputs.

AND gates have two inputs. The output of an AND gate is on only if both inputs are on. If at least one of the inputs is off, the output will be off. 

Using the image at the right, if "A" and "B" are both in an On state, the output (out) will be an On state. If either "A" or "B" is in an Off state, the output will also be in an Off state. "A" and "B" must be On for the output to be On. 

OR gates have two inputs. The output of an OR gate will be on if at least one of the inputs are on. If both inputs are off, the output will be off. 

Using the image at the right, if either "A" or "B" is On, the output ("out") will also be On. If both "A" and "B" are Off, the output will be Off. 
The NOT logic gate has only one input. If the input is On then the output will be Off. In other words, the NOT logic gate changes the signal from On to Off or from Off to On. It is sometimes called an inverter.
XOR ("exclusive or") gates have two inputs. The output of a XOR gate will be true only if the two inputs are different from each other. If both inputs are the same, the output will be off.
NAND means not both. It is called NAND because it means "not and." This means that it will always output true unless both inputs are on. 
XNOR means "not exclusive or." This means that it will only output true if both inputs are the same. It is the opposite of a XOR logic gate. 

Plaza Mayor of Madrid

The Plaza Mayor of Madrid was built in the 1400's on the same location as the old Plaza del Arrabal (square outside the walls). It was used as a market in the Middle Ages. It is also called the Plaza de la Constitución.

In the 1560s, King Philip II and his architect, Juan de Herrera planned to change it into a proper square for the Courts. The first part to be finished was the Casa de la Panaderia (bakery) in 1590. Gómez de Mora gave it the rectangular form. The ground is still cobbled. It finally opened in 1620 under the rule of King Philip III.

The statue in the middle is King Philip III on horseback made by Juan de Bologna. The statue was moved from the Casa de Campo to the Plaza Mayor in 1848.

In the 1700's, it was used for the crowning of kings, bullfights, carnivals and even executions. People watched from the balconies around the square. 

The Plaza has been damaged by three fires. Juan de Villanova had the plaza built again in 1853 and that is what is seen today. People can enter the plaza through nine different arches.


Gran Vía

The Gran Vía (The Great Way) is one of the most important shopping areas in Madrid, Spain. It also has hotels and large movie theaters.

Many of the buildings on the Gran Vía are decorated with fancy sculptures. One of the more impressive buildings on the Gran Vía is the Edificio Metropolis. It was built in 1907 by Jules and Raymond Février. It has a statue of the winged Roman goddess, Victoria, on the top. Madrid's first skyscraper, Telefonica's Head Office, is also on the Gran Vía.

The Gran Vía was planned in the 1850s. They did not start building the road until 1904 and finished it in 1929. People laughed at the plan because it took so long to get started. As a joke, they called it the 'gran vía' or 'great road'.


Fountain of Cibeles

Cibeles is the name given to the marble fountain found in the Plaza de Cibeles (Cybele's Square) in Madrid, Spain. It is on a very busy road crossing. The statue was made by Ventura Rodriguez. King Carlos III asked to have it made in 1716. It has changed several times. It was moved to the central position in 1895.

The lady is the Goddess of Fertility. She sits on a chariot pulled by lions. The lions' names are Hippomenes and Atalanta. They were people that the goddess turned into lions because they ruined her temple. The lions were made by Robert Michel. 

Puerta del Sol

The Puerta del Sol ("Sun Gate") is known as 'Spain's belly button'. In the 1400s, it was the gate or entrance of the east side of the city. Since the sun rises in the east, it got the name Puerta del Sol. It is now the center of 'kilometer 0' of Madrid. All roads are measured from this point.

It was rebuilt in 1854. The statue of King Carlos III is in the middle of the square. The red brick building there is the former post office. The famous Oso y el Madroño (bear eating madroños) statue can also be found here. The Puerta del Sol is also famous for its New Year's celebration which has been broadcast on television since December 31, 1962.

Royal Palace of Madrid

The Palacio Real de Madrid (Royal Palace of Madrid) is the official home of the King of Spain. It is located in Madrid, Spain. It is one of the largest palaces in western Europe.

King Felipe V had the palace built to replace the Alcazar that was burned down. It is made of limestone and granite. It was supposed to look a little like the Palace of Versailles in France. Juan Bautista Sachetti was in charge of building the palace. They started to build it in 1738. Carlos III moved into the palace in 1764. It took a hundred years to decorate all the rooms.

Spanish kings lived there until 1931 when King Alfonso XIII was forced to leave Spain. The Royal Palace is still used for special ceremonies. Letizia was supposed to walk on a red carpet from the Royal Palace to the cathedral for the wedding with Prince Felipe but it rained so she was taken in car.

Fifty of the rooms in the palace are open for public visits. Visitors enter the palace from the Plaza de la Armería. Some of the rooms that can be seen are: the 'porcelain' room, 'throne' room and 'clock' room. There is a royal army museum in the palace.

The Almudena Cathedral is nearby the palace.

The Royal Alcazar of Madrid was originally on the site. 

Puerta de Alcalá

The Puerta de Alcalá (Alcalá Gate) is a monument in the Plaza de la Independencia ("Independence Square") in Madrid, Spain. Francisco Sabatini created the monument in 1778 for Carlos III when he arrived in Madrid. It is the gateway to the Court. It is built of granite and limestone. It has three big arches that have lion's heads on top made by Robert Michel. There are two smaller arches on the sides. At the very top of the monument, there are angels, trophies and the coat of arms which were all made by Francisco Gutiérrez.


Plaza

Plaza is a Spanish word related to "field" which describes an open public space in a city, such as a city square. In Spanish America, the plaza mayor of each city had three things: the cathedral, the "cabildo" or administrative center, and the "audiencia" or law court. The plaza might be large enough to serve as a military parade ground. At times of crisis or fiesta, it was a space where many people could be together at once. Similar to Italian piazzas, plazas are still a center of community life, like the market-place.

Most colonial cities in Spanish America were planned around a square "plaza de armas", where troops could gather.

A "plaza de toros" is a bullring.

The first shopping center in the United States, opened in Kansas City, Missouri in 1922, was called "Country Club Plaza" and had Spanish-style architectural details. More recently, "plaza" has been used to describe a shopping center, similar to a shopping mall. Calling a shopping center a "plaza" is to give the idea of a center of cultural life. 


Transduction (physiology)

In physiology, transduction is the change of a stimulus from one form to another. 

Transduction in the nervous system means synaptic events where an electrical signal is converted into a chemical one by the release of neurotransmitters. 

In sensory transduction a chemical or physical stimulus is transduced by sensory receptors into an electrical signal.

For example, in the visual system, sensory cells called rod and cone cells in the retina change the physical energy of light signals into electrical impulses that travel to the brain. The light causes a change in a protein called rhodopsin. 

In mammals, more light hitting the receptor results in the transduction of a signal into fewer electrical impulses. In invertebrates, more rhodopsin activation results in increased frequency of neuron firing.


Resource

A Resource is something that can be used for a purpose. For example, tools and materials are resources. There are many kinds of resource:

Sport Club Corinthians Paulista

S.C. Corinthians Paulista is a football club which plays in Brazil.

Football (soccer) had already established itself as the popular new sport in Brazil and when the dry season came and the fields dried out they were soon filled with lovers of the new game. São Paulo's sporting elite had formed several clubs,Germânia, Paulistano and Campos Elíseos among them, but access to the game was still largely restricted to the city's well off.

So a group of working class fans - painter and decorators Joaquim Ambrósio, Antônio Pereira and César Nunes; cobbler Rafael Perrone; driver Anselmo Correia; foundry worker; Alexandre Magnani: cook Salvador Lopomo; labourer João da Silva and tailor Antônio Nunes - decided to start their own team. Bataglia decided to get involved he was named the club's first president.

The new club needed a name. Joaquim Ambrósio suggested they call themselves after the Corinthians Casuals Football Club, the famous English team that was then on tour in Brazil. The press and fans in Brazil who were following the tour shortened the English club's name to Corinthian's Team and so the founders did away with the aopstrophe and the club won its elegant name Corinthians.

Corinthians is also known as "Big Team", "Coringão", "The Musketeer" and "Champion of the Champions".

Finally, the club picked colours. The club's first strip was beige with black trim and had the distinctive letters "C" and "P" for Corinthians Paulista. However, when the strips were washed, the black bled into the beige. The directors could not afford to keep buying new strips every time the colours ran so they decided to change their colours. They swapped the beige for white. In present-day, the colours of Corinthians are Black and White.

The name of Corinthians´s stadium is Arena Corinthians, also known as "Itaquerão" and with a capacity crowd of 68,000.

The team from Varzea Paulista. Playing away from home in their first match, Corinthians were expected to lose heavily but they showed they were not there just to make up the numbers and they battled hard before narrowly going down by a goal to nil.

The defeat turned out to be a one-off. Four days later, Corinthians proved they would be a name to be reckoned with and beat Estrela Polar 2-0. The honour of scoring the club's first goal went to striker Luís Fabi, who wrote himself into the history books by grabbing the opener. They followed the match with an unbeaten streak that lasted two years.

They then won 1-0 away at Minas Gerais and then beat São Paulo do Bexiga 4-0 at home. They had secured their place in the big league.

Things got even better the following year and in 1914 a dynasty took hold. In just their second Paulista Championship, Corinthians destroyed the competition and won all 10 games, scoring 39 times in the process. Neco ended the tournament's top goalscorer with 12 goals.

Corinthians picked up yet another Paulista Championship in 1922 but this victory had something special about it. The winner took the title not only of Paulista Champions but also of Centenary Champions, a title they would hold for at least the next 100 years.

By this time, winning the Paulista was becoming routine. The team won the league three years in a row in 1922, 1923 and 1924 under the command of Neco, the club's first great idol, and would do so again in 1928, 1929 and 1930.

The great and only rival of Corinthians is Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras. This is the most derbie and traditional rivalry in Brazilian football. The fans of Corinthians called Palmeiras as a "pig" and the fans of palmeiras called Corinthians as a "skunk".

However, and between 1931 and 1934 a series of bad results left the team trailing. Corinthians lost to all their big rivals of the time and failed to make an impression in the league, never finishing higher than fourth.

The turnaround came in 1937, and for the rest of the decade there was only one team in the state. Corinthians won the Paulista Championship in 1937, 1938 and 1939 to become the first team ever to win three back-to-back titles three times. Even today, no other team has managed to equal such a feat. The man who led the way was centre-forward Teleco. One of the club's greatest ever goalscorers, he topped the scoring charts in 1937 and 1939. The former year he scored almost half the club's goals, while in the latter he got an amazing 60 percent.

The 100-goal attack made history not only for the club but also for the league. In 1951, a front line made up of Carbone, Cláudio, Luizinho, Baltazar and Mário scored 103 goals in 30 games in the Paulista Championship, an average of 3.43 per game. The title was theirs, as was the trophy for top goalscorer, which went to Carbone, who got 30 of the team's goals.

In the years that followed, more titles were added to the growing trophy room at Parque São Jorge. In 1952, the "Timão" won the Paulista Championship for the second successive year, with Baltazar finishing top scorer. In 1953, they took the Rio-São Paulo title and the Little World Cup - the club's first international title - and in 1954 they walked off with another Rio-São Paulo as well as the Paulista do IV centenário de São Paulo. In 1956 and 1957, they won the "Invencible Trophy", the cup given to the team that went the longest number of games undefeated.

In 1976, Corinthians almost won their first Brazilian League title and the club's fans played a starring role in one of the most memorable moments in footballing history. Corinthians were drawn against Fluminense in the semi-finals of the league play offs at the Maracanã. More than 70,000 Corinthians fans made the six-hour trip up the motorway to Rio de Janeiro in a massive convoy that was christened the "Corinthians Invasion."

Corinthians won the first game but lost the second and so needed to win a third and deciding match to take the title. It was quite a struggle, with the match goalless until the 81st minute. Then, a Zé Maria free kick was directed onto the bar by Vaguinho. Wladimir headed the rebound back towards goal where Oscar was on hand to knock it off the line. The ball fell to Basílio in the area and he hammered it into the net and gave Corinthians the goal they so desperately wanted. The 1977 Paulista Championship was theirs.

The "Timão" was always one of the most important clubs in Brazil. But the Corinthians Democracy movement was unique in world football. Through organisation, team spirit and democracy, they did something no other team has managed before or since. When players as politically and socially conscientious as Sócrates, Wladimir, Casagrande and Zenon get together then there are bound to be changes in the dressing room. Those four stars were the driving force behind the greatest ideological movement in the history of Brazilian football: Corinthians Democracy. And this in the middle of the country's military dictatorship. Corinthians Democracy did something that seemed impossible. Through football, the most popular sport in the country, they got people talking about all sorts of important and relevant questions concerning society, democracy and the end of military rule. In addition to that not inconsiderable feat, they showed that it was possible to create a society in which everyone's opinions are heard and respected and where democracy, through the imposition of the wishes of the majority, could prevail. They won the Paulista Championship in 1982 and 1983, beating city rivals São Paulo both times. In 1982, they battled back after losing the first game 3-2 to take the next two matches 1-0 and 3-1 and lift the trophy. The next year they won again, thanks to a series of brilliant performances from Sócrates. The good doctor scored all the team's goals in the semi-finals against Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras (1-1 and 1-0) as well as in the final against São Paulo Futebol Clube (1-0 and 1-1). His four goals brought the team their 19th Paulista Championship.

The 1990s was to prove a glorious decade for Corinthians, who captured three Brazilian Championships (in 1990 beating São Paulo Futebol Clube, in 1998 beating Cruzeiro and in 1999 led the championship since the beginning at the finished and beating Atlético Mineiro at the final game), three State Championships (in 1995 beating Palmeiras, in 1997 beating São Paulo and 1999 beating Palmeiras again) and a Brazilian Cup (in 1995 beating Grêmio) in quick succession.

In 2000, Corinthians, who captured FIFA Club World Championship victory against Vasco da Gama(win 4-3 on penalties) at the "Maracanã" Stadium. This match had attendance of 73,000 peoples. This is the most important title of Corinthians. Corinthians played the final game with Dida, Índio, Fábio Luciano, Adílson & Kléber; Vampeta (Gilmar), Rincón, Marcelinho Carioca & Ricardinho (Edu); Edílson (Fernando Baiano) & Luizão. 
Coach: Oswaldo de Oliveira 

The final months of 2004 marked a new era for the "Timão" and for Brazilian football. The partnership between MSI and Corinthians revolutionised the game and brought internationalists like Carlos Tévez, Javier Mascherano, Roger, Carlos Alberto and Gustavo Nery to the club. The future was bright for the club and fans could not help but feel optimistic they would enjoy many more triumphs in the coming years.

And so it proved, with success coming quicker than they could have hoped for. Led by Argentine star Carlos Tévez, the "Timão" had a sensational league campaign in 2005 and won their fourth Brazilian League Title in 2005.

More new signings were made in 2006 with Ricardinho, Rafael Moura and goalkeeper Silvio Luiz coming to the club in a bid to strengthen a squad that would be competing for another Brazilian League title and the Copa Libertadores.


"As July 24, 2012."

Neco (1913-30), Teleco (1933-44), Servílio (1938-48), Domingos da Guia (1944-48), Cláudio (1945-57), Baltazar (1947-58), Luizinho (1949-62 & 1964-67), Gilmar (1951-61), Rivelino (1965-74), Sócrates (1978-84), Daniel González (1982), Dunga (1984-85), Neto (1989-93), Carlos Gamarra (1998-99), Dida (1999-2001), Marcelinho Carioca (1993-97, 1998-2001), Edílson (1997-2000), Luizão (1999-2002), Carlos Tévez (2005-06), Ronaldo (2009), Roberto Carlos (2010), Emerson Sheik (2011-2012).


Lyrics

Lyrics are the words to a song. A person who writes lyrics is called a lyricist.

The lyrics of a song will usually have a meaning. Some times the meaning is easy to find but other times it can be very difficult to know what the lyrics mean. Some lyrics are so strange that it is nearly impossible to understand them. In such cases, people tend to look more at the form, articulation, meter, and symmetries of the lyrics instead of looking at their meaning.

There are many websites that have the lyrics to songs. This may be a bad thing since many web sites include copyrighted lyrics without permission from the copyright holder. The United States Music Publishers' Association (MPA), which represents sheet music companies, created a campaign against such sites in December 2005. MPA president Lauren Keiser said that the sites are "completely illegal" and that he wanted to see some site operators put in prison.

"Lyric" is from the Greek; a lyric was originally a song sung with a lyre.

A lyric poem is one that expresses a subjective, personal point of view.

The word "lyric" was used for the "words of a popular song" about 1876 for the first time. The plural "lyrics" was used only in referring to the words of several songs. That it is used for the words of a single song as its "lyrics" became increasingly common (probably because of the association between "lyrics" and the plural form "words"), and is common in modern usage of today's society. Use of the singular form "lyric" is still grammatically acceptable.

Judicial review

Judicial review is the power of a court to decide whether a law or decision by the government is constitutional. This power was established in the United States in the Supreme Court case Marbury v. Madison.

Countries that have judicial review are: India, Ireland, Malaysia, the Philippines, England, Scotland, Spain, Switzerland, and the United States.


Torrance

Torrance is the name of several places:

People:

Asian Dust

Asian Dust (also yellow dust, yellow sand, yellow wind, or China dust storms) is a weather occurrence that happens each year. It affects much of East Asia during the spring. The dust comes from deserts in Mongolia, northern China, and Kazakhstan. The dust comes from surface winds and dust storms in the desert. The wind carries the clouds eastward to China, Japan, Eastern Siberia, and the Koreas. Smaller particles in the clouds can travel much farther to places like the United States. In the last ten years, these dust storms have become a serious problem because they have picked up industrial pollutants.


Aden Abdullah Osman Daar

Aden Abdulle Osman Daar (Aaden Cabdulle Cusmaan Daar) (9 December 1908 – 8 June 2007), was a Somali politician. 

In February 1944, he joined the Somali Youth Club (later called the Somali Youth League). The group was a nationalist party that wanted independence for Somalia. Daar became a member of the party's steering board. In 1946, he was appointed as the secretary of one section of the party. He was chairman of the Somali Youth League from 1954 to 1956, and again from 1958 to 1959. In 1956, he was elected chairman of the Legislative Assembly.

When Somalia gained its independence on July 1, 1960, Daar was elected as the first president of Somalia. He was beaten in the 1967 presidential election against Abdirashid Ali Shermarke. He finished his term as president on June 10, 1967.

Service of worship

A service of worship is a religious meeting where people of a church come together, in order to worship God. They often meet in a church building made for the purpose, but may do it in some other building or outdoors. The meeting may also be called a church service or prayer service or just service. It is the usual term used in the Christian religion for such a meeting. The term is also used sometimes in Judaism, although "prayer service" or just "service" are more common.

In the Christian churches services are normally held on Sundays, although there may be services on other days as well, especially in large churches or cathedrals.

In the Protestant church services are usually led by a pastor, although sometimes they may be led by laymen (people who are not priests). In Catholic churches and some others, they are called "Mass". 

Services often include Holy Communion or Eucharist. Matins is a morning service which does not include communion. An evening service is called Evensong.

Church services are also held for weddings, funerals, or other special occasions.

Services may include prayers, singing, sermons (preaching) and readings from the Bible.

In Judaism, each prayer service is built around two main elements: Shema and Amida. Three prayers are required for each day.

The three daily prayers in Judaism are Shaharit (Shacharit) for morning prayer, Minha (Mincha) for afternoon prayer and Arvit or Maariv for evening prayer. The basics of each prayer consist of the Shema (although the afternoon prayer does not require Shema), and the Amida (standing prayer) which is the definitive prayer of each service. Fundamentally, when a Jew says "prayer", he or she means Amida. Everything else (which is largely "Psalms") is just detail.
Jewish prayer services are held whenever the "Amidah" prayer is said. In the morning and evening, they also include "Shema."

Bandidos

Bandidos is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership. The club was formed in 1966 by Don Chambers in Texas. Its slogan is ""We are the people our parents warned us about"". Bandidos is estimated to have 2 400 members in 195 chapters, located in 14 countries.


Hells Angels

Hells Angels is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership. The club was formed in 1948 in Fontana, California. One of the best known members is Ralph 'Sonny' Barger, the ""Godfather of the Hells Angels"".


Outlaws Motorcycle Club

The Outlaws Motorcycle Club is an American motorcycle club. It was formed in Mc Cook, Illinois in 1935. The club has chapters in USA, Canada, Australia, Asia and Europe.


Blood and Honour

Blood and Honour is a Neo-Nazi music promotion network. The group organises concerts and distributes records by Rock Against Communism bands. Ian Stuart Donaldson, singer of the band Skrewdriver, was the founder of Blood and Honour. The name Blood and Honour is taken from the motto of the Hitler Youth, "Blut und Ehre".

Perry Rhodan

Perry Rhodan is a German science fiction series, published since 1961.

"Perry Rhodan" picks up nearly every theme that has ever appeared in science fiction. People from outside have criticised the series, but its commercial success during several decades has become a literary phenomenon in itself. If nothing else, "Perry Rhodan" provides a mirror of the 1960s Cold War, 1970s New Age, and 1980s peace movement in its story line. The series has an important influence on German writers in the field. The writing of the series still goes on.

Written by an ever-changing team of authors, "Perry Rhodan" is issued in weekly in the traditional German "Heftchen" (pulp booklet) format. The series was created in 1961 by K. H. Scheer and Clark Darlton. Initially, it should have thirty volumes, but it became an long lasting success and passed 3100 installments in January 2021.

Perry Rhodan is one of four fictional astronauts of the USA. In 1971, they fly to the moon, where they meet an extraterrestrial space-ship. From its owners they get technology, which they use to end the cold war and to unite the people of the Earth. Then "Terra", the Earth, becomes a power in intergalactical politics.


Wieluń

Wieluń is a city in the central part of Poland in Łódź Voivodeship. Around 27,000 people live here. The city was started in 1283.

Wieluń is twinned with:


Nasjonal Samling

Nasjonal Samling (Norwegian for "National Gathering" or "National Unity") was a fascist party in Norway, active in the period 1933–1945. The party was founded by Vidkun Quisling and a group of sympathisers. The party's paramilitary wing was called "Hirden" (the Hird).

One Piece

It is the story of the Strawhat Pirates, led by captain Monkey D. Luffy, on their adventures in Grand Line. The main theme is Monkey D. Luffy's dream to find the One Piece, a grand treasure that the King of the Pirates, Gold Roger left behind. One Piece seems to take place in a world with one continent, many different islands, and a vast and large sea filled with monsters, pirates and treasure. "One Piece" is serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump". The most successful One Piece movies are "One Piece Film: Red","One Piece Film: Z" and "One Piece: Stampede".

Monkey D. Luffy is the main character of One Piece and is captain of the Strawhat Pirates. His other name is 'Straw Hat Luffy'. He ate a Devil Fruit called the "Gum-Gum No Mi" fruit when he was 7 years old, giving him the power to stretch like rubber. His Strawhat was given by Shanks. His older brother is Ace.

Zoro was a former pirate hunter but turned into a pirate when he joined Luffy. His another name is 'Pirate Hunter Zoro'. When he was little he was the greatest warrior in his dojo, next to Kuina, the teacher's daughter, who was frustrated that girls were not able to become great swordsmen. Zoro points out that it does not matter if you are a boy or girl. They then make a promise to one another that one of them will be the greatest swordsman, or swordwoman, of all time. The very next day Kuina dies after falling down some stairs. Zoro then takes her sword so he can fulfill their dream.

Sanji is an amazing cook, with very good culinary skills. He is also a martial artist (who uses his feet only) that falls in love with almost every girl he sees. His other name is 'Black Leg Sanji'. His dream is to find 'The All Blue', and as a cook he values his hands greatly. Because of a period of starvation in his early life (while in the company of owner of the Baratie, “Red Legged” 

Zeff), Sanji will always feed someone who is hungry. He is 21 years old. He is a smoker.

Nami was a thief who stole from pirates. She is a navigator of the Strawhat Pirates now. Her other name is 'Cat Burglar Nami'. She is 20 years old. Her sister is Nojiko. She is from Cocoyashi. She likes oranges, and respected her late foster mother, Bellemere.

Usopp is a great sniper but a coward who lies often. His epithet is 'God Usopp', and he has an alter-ego going by the name Sogeking (meaning sniper king) His weapon is a slingshot, and he has excellent aim. Luffy officially made him the crew's sniper after he had perfect aim on his first try at shooting a cannon, destroying an island in one blow (which also happened to be the island where Yosaku and Johnny were resting). His father is Yasopp, a sniper on the crew of the Red-Haired Pirates.

Chopper is a blue-nosed reindeer who ate a devil fruit which gave him the ability to become partly human. His epithet is 'Cotton Candy Lover Chopper'. He is the doctor of the Straw Hats crew, and has a habit of "hiding behind objects" in a way where he is completely visible.

Robin, formerly member of the crime organization Baroque Works, joins the crew after being saved by Luffy. Her epithet is "Devil Child". She ate a Devil Fruit that lets her create replications of her body parts on any surface she wants, including living organisms.

Franky is a cyborg and a ship craftsman. His epithet is 'Cyborg Franky'. His body runs on Cola, although using other drinks results in a shift in personality, such as when he was given tea and began speaking in a much more sophisticated manner. Franky's usual attire consists of swimming pants and what seems to be an open button-up shirt, wearing it even in freezing conditions. His catchphrase is "SUPER!"

Once upon a time, "The King of Pirates", Gol. D. Roger attained all things the world had to offer. As he was being executed by the marines, he gave a speech regarding his treasure, which he left on an island in the Grand Line, the treasure titled the "One Piece". Many pirates wish to claim the 'One Piece'. This has caused what is called "The Great Pirate Era". Then, a boy living in Foosha Village, Monkey. D. Luffy, made friends with "Red-Haired" Shanks. Shanks is a powerful pirate, given the title of Yonkou (Four Emperors, consisting of four of the strongest pirates) staying in the town. During his stay, the town was attacked by pirates, which were defeated quickly after. One day, Luffy ate a Devil Fruit called the "Gomu-Gomu no Mi" (Gum Gum/Rubber Rubber fruit), giving him the ability to stretch like rubber, in exchange for taking away his ability to swim. At one point, Luffy made bandits angry, so they threw him into the sea. Luffy was nearly eaten by a Sea King, a sea monster similar to a Sea Serpent, but Shanks helped him, losing his arm in the process. When Shanks left Foosha Village, he gave Luffy his straw hat. In exchange, Luffy had promised Shanks to become the King of the Pirates and deliver him his straw hat.

After 10 years, Luffy is 17 years old and he had trained a large amount. He leaves his town, Foosha Village to begin his journey to become the king of pirates. But soon, he met with a disaster, then he met Koby. Koby's dream is to be a marine, but unfortunately he is forced to stay on Alvida's crew. Alvida is a pirate. Koby is unable to defeat or escape Alvida. However, after learning of the situation, Luffy defeats Alvida and helps Koby, and sails to Shells Town with him.

In Shell's Town, Luffy meets Roronoa Zoro, legendary pirate hunter, who is tied to a post.



Style guide

A style guide (also known as style manual) is a set of rules for language usage and design of documents (records). Some style guides are about things related to graphic design, such as arranging words and white space on a page. Website style guides often help with visual or technical things. Literary style guides help with choosing the best words, common errors in grammar, punctuation and spelling; and help for how to express ideas in a precise, fair and forceful way.

Some modern style guides are for use by all people. These are usually more about language than about how it should look.

Style guides do not stop a writer from using his own unique style, but some writers believe style guides are too restrictive.

Like language itself, many style guides change as time passes. For example, the Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.

Parque del Buen Retiro

The Retiro Park is the best known park in Madrid. It was planned in 1632 as palace gardens by King Felipe IV. 'Retiro' means retreat or a place to rest.

When it was first built, it was a little way from the city. Now, the city has become so big that it is in the city center. It was opened to the public in 1868.

Places in the park include a famous rose garden, a museum, a boating lake and the Crystal Palace. Many shows and street theaters can be seen at the park on weekends. 

Crystal Palace (Madrid)

The Palacio de Cristal or Crystal Palace is a large glass building in Madrid, Spain. It is located in the Retiro Park on the Paseo Duque de Fernán Nuñez. The palace was built in 1887 to keep exotic plants from the Philippines. It is made of glass and steel. Later in 1924 plastic and rubber were added to it. 

Las Ventas

The Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas is a building in Madrid, Spain used mainly for bullfighting. Sometimes it is just called Las Ventas. It is made of red brick and ceramic tiles. It was built in 1929 by José Espelious and Muñoz Monasterio. The first bullfight was June 17, 1931. It is also used for concerts.

Most fights start at 7 p.m. when the sun is not too hot. Tickets are sold for 'sol' or 'sombra'. The 'sombra' tickets for seats not in the sunlight cost more.

Yellow spot

The yellow spot, scientifically known as the macula, is a small but vital part of the eye that plays a crucial role in our ability to see clearly. Situated at the center of the retina, the yellow spot is responsible for sharp, detailed vision and is essential for activities such as reading, recognizing faces, and driving.

The macula is a tiny, circular area, about the size of a pinhead, located at the back of the eye. It contains a high concentration of light-sensitive cells called photoreceptors, particularly cone cells, which are responsible for color vision and detailed visual acuity.

The primary function of the yellow spot is to provide central vision, allowing us to focus on objects directly in front of us. When we look at something, light from that object enters the eye and reaches the macula. The photoreceptor cells in the yellow spot then convert this light into electrical signals, which are sent to the brain via the optic nerve. The brain interprets these signals, enabling us to see fine details and vibrant colors.

The yellow spot's significance becomes apparent when we engage in activities that require sharp, clear vision, such as reading or driving. Without a healthy macula, these tasks would become challenging or even impossible. Age-related macular degeneration (AMD), a condition affecting the macula, is one of the leading causes of vision loss in older adults.

Maintaining the health of the yellow spot is crucial for preserving good vision. Eating a balanced diet rich in nutrients like vitamins A, C, and E, as well as minerals like zinc, can contribute to eye health. Additionally, protecting the eyes from excessive sunlight by wearing sunglasses with UV protection can help prevent damage to the macula.

As mentioned earlier, AMD is a common condition that affects the macula, leading to a gradual loss of central vision. Regular eye check-ups with an eye care professional can help detect any early signs of AMD, allowing for prompt intervention and management.

In conclusion, the yellow spot, or macula, is a small but critical part of the eye responsible for central vision. Understanding its structure, function, and the importance of maintaining its health can empower individuals to take proactive steps in preserving their vision. Regular eye examinations and healthy lifestyle choices contribute to overall eye health, ensuring the yellow spot continues to play its crucial role in our ability to see the world around us.

Retina

The retina is the thin neural tissue that contains light sensitive neurons called photoreceptors (rods and cones) that interact with secondary and tertiary neurons inside the eyeball in humans and in many animals. Its role is to sense the light which gets into the eye and send information about it to the brain.

Most information about light images that leaves the retina travels through the optic nerve, and is used by the brain to create visual sensations. Information about light which travels through the "retino-hypothamalic tract" is for adjusting circadian rhythms to the 24-hour day. 

The center of the human retina, called the "fovea centralis", or just "fovea", has the most [cone cells] for sensing bright colors and fine detail of a viewed object. Even though the fovea takes up only 1.5 square millimeters, it plays the most important role in vision. It is only around 1% of the human retina, but the fovea sends about as much information to the visual cortex as the rest of the retina combined. 

The Exploited

The Exploited is a Scottish punk metal band. The band was formed in 1979 in Edinburgh, Scotland.










4Kids

4Kids Entertainment (commonly known as 4Kids) was an American movie and television production company. They specialized in the creation and distribution of children's entertainment around the world. The company is most well known for the large number of Anime and animated television series it has provided to television stations. These series included "Yu-Gi-Oh!" and "Sonic the Hedgehog". 4Kids Entertainment dubbed "Pokémon" until 2006. The company was first created in 1970 as "Leisure Concepts, Inc".

4Kids Entertainment has provided a number of series for the Fox television network. These series have been shown on the network using the name 4Kids TV.

4Kids Entertainment filed for bankruptcy twice. They first filed for bankruptcy in 2011, and again in 2016.

In 1970, the company was originally called "Leisure Concepts, Inc". It was created by Mike Germakian and Stan Weston. It was later called 4Licensing Corporation

During the mid-1980s, Ted Wolf came up with the idea of catlike humanoid superheroes. He told his friend Stan Weston, who pitched it to Rankin/Bass Animated Entertainment. Both Arthur Rankin Jr and Jules Bass were impressed with the idea. They approved of it and "ThunderCats" started.

During the early development stage, Mike Germakian designed much of the ThunderCats' characters, vehicles and locations. He was also responsible for creating the now iconic ThunderCats logo, featuring a stylized black panther head on a red circle.

4Kids Entertainment gets most of its Anime series from Japan. Before showing the series in the United States and United Kingdom, the series are edited. This editing includes changing the words from Japanese to English. It may also include changing other things which could be thought to be bad. For example, cigarette smoking is often removed before being shown in the United States. Changing the names of items from Japanese items to American items is also often done. This is done so the person watching can understand the show more easily. 

Many times the story of an episode is changed completely to make it better for children. Some people believe all the changes to the Anime is a bad thing. They say that the series should be shown exactly the same as it was originally created. They feel 4Kids made "Americanized kiddy version" of the original series and that it is not right to do this. 


Cubism

Cubism was one of the most significant art movements of the 20th century. It began in France about 1907, and flourished from 1910 through the 1920s. It was pioneered by Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso.

Pablo Picasso's 1907 painting "Les Demoiselles d'Avignon" was an early Cubist work. Georges Braque's 1908 "Houses at L’Estaque" (and related works) prompted the critic Louis Vauxcelles to refer to "bizarreries cubiques" (cubic oddities).

The first organized group exhibition by Cubists took place at the "Salon des Indépendants" in Paris in the spring of 1911. It included works by Jean Metzinger, Albert Gleizes, Fernand Léger, Robert Delaunay and Henri Le Fauconnier, but no works by Picasso and Braque were exhibited.

According to one art historian, there were three phases of Cubism. There was "Early Cubism", (from 1906 to 1908) when the movement was initially developed by Picasso and Braque. In the second phase, "High Cubism", (from 1909 to 1914), Juan Gris emerged as an important exponent after 1911. Finally "Late Cubism" (from 1914 to 1921) was the last phase of Cubism as a radical avant-garde movement. Douglas Cooper's emphasis on the work of Braque, Picasso, Gris (from 1911) and Léger (to a lesser extent) was an intentional value judgement.

Cubism is a style of art which aims to show all of the possible viewpoints of a person or an object all at once. It is called Cubism because the items represented in the artworks look like they are made out of cubes and other geometrical shapes. Cubism was first started by Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque. Analytical Cubism is the first type of cubism. Most analytical Cubists painted and drew in monochrome (only one colour) so that the person who was looking at the painting did not pay attention to colour, but only to the shapes and the forms that were being shown.

This was changed in 1912 when Picasso first started painting with colours and using collages. Collage is when you glue together different cut-up pieces of paper to make an artwork. This new form of Cubism was called Synthetic Cubism. Picasso invented collage because he was tired of the way he was making his art, and wanted to try out something new.
Pablo Picasso created over 20,000 pictures. From 1912 to 1919 was Picasso's Synthetic Cubism Period.

Types of Cubism

There were two main types of Cubism:



Sham 69

Sham 69 is a punk rock band from England. The band was formed in Hersham in 1975.



Visual acuity

Visual acuity (VA) is acuteness or clearness of vision, especially form vision, which depends on the sharpness of the retinal focus within the eye, the sensitivity of the nervous elements, and the interpretative faculty of the brain.

VA is a quantitative measure of the ability to identify black symbols on a white background at a standardized distance when the size of the symbols is varied. The VA represents the smallest size that can be reliably identified. VA is the most common clinical measurement of visual function.

Some people may suffer from other visual problems, such as color blindness, reduced contrast, or inability to track fast-moving objects and still have normal visual acuity. Thus, normal visual acuity does not mean normal vision. The reason visual acuity is very widely used is that it is a test that corresponds very well with the normal daily activities a person can handle, and evaluate their impairment to do them.


Robert Baker

Robert "The Grinder" Baker (October 26, 1926 - April 23, 2002) also known as Bob Baker, was an American boxer. He was one of the world's leading heavyweight boxers in the 1950s. Bob "The Grinder" Baker was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania. He started fighting out of Pittsburgh. One of his most notable accomplishments was winning the 1949 Pennsylvania Intercity Golden Gloves championship in the heavyweight division.

Baker died on April 23, 2002, in the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Baker started his professional career with twenty-six straight victories before drawing against Kid Riviera and losing the next fight to another leading boxer, Clarence Henry.

From April 1955 until February 1956, Baker and Archie Moore were both ranked as the leading challengers to Rocky Marciano's heavyweight title. On Wednesday, December 7th, 1955, Baker beat Nino Valdez.

After 13 wins, Baker lost to Tommy Hurricane Jackson on February 3, 1956, in New York's Madison Square Garden. It was a split-decision win for Jackson. In May 1956, Baker easily defeated John Holman. Baker also lost another split decision rematch with Jackson on September 26, 1956. Opinions on both Baker-Jackson fights were divided in many publications with most of them giving the fight to Baker. The September match was given to Baker by The United Press. It scored the fight 7-5 for Baker. A poll of 13 ringside writers favored Baker 9-4 and it reported that many fans were very surprised with the split decision.

After 1956, Baker's success was limited. His most notable victory was a sound defeat of Canadian George Chuvalo, the future Canadian heavyweight champion, by unanimous decision on September 9, 1957. Chuvalo was also a multiple-time top contender in the 1960s and 1970s.


Michaëlle Jean

Her Excellency the Rt. Hon. Michaëlle Jean (born September 6, 1957, in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian-born Canadian politician and journalist. She was the Governor General of Canada, replacing Adrienne Clarkson on 27 September 2005, until 1 October 2010 when David Lloyd Johnston took over. She is the Secretary General of "Organisation internationale de la Francophonie" since 2015 and multilingual who speaks English, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese and Haitian Creole.

Jean was formally appointed Special Envoy for Haiti for the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization on November 8, 2010, for a four-year term.

Pascal Duquenne

Pascal Duquenne is a Belgian actor. He was born in Vilvoorde, Flanders, Belgium on 8 August 1970. He was diagnosed with Down syndrome.

It was Jaco van Dormael who noticed him (as Ducquenne was playing theatre). Dormael offered him his first roles in movies.

In 1996 Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil were awarded a prize (for best male interpretation) at the Cannes Film Festival. Duquenne received the prize for the role of a boy who has Down syndrome. The movie was called "Le Huitième Jour" ("The Eighth Day").

He also has acted in other movies. Currently he lives in Brussels.


Catherine Emmerich

Sister Anne Catherine Emmerich (September 8, 1774 - February 9, 1824) was a German Augustinian nun. She is remembered for her mystical visions of Jesus' and Mary's lives. What she saw was written in books, for example, "The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord, Jesus Christ". The book later had an important part as a main source of information for Mel Gibson's movie "The Passion of the Christ".

She was stuck in bed when marks of stigmata showed up she had doctors and physicians examine her markings, and it was found to be a genuine stigmatic case.

Sister Emmerich and Gibson

New Year

The New Year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next year. Cultures that measure yearly calendars all have New Year celebrations. On January 1, 1600 Scotland was the first country to adopt January 1 as the first day of the New Year. Now, many countries celebrate the New Year on the 31st of December and the 1st of January. Celebrations often include parties and fireworks.


Polyethylene

Polyethylene (also called polyethene, usually shortened to PE) is a thermoplastic. It is used in consumer goods, typical examples are transport wraps, and garbage bags. Other uses include pre-fabricated plastic parts, plastic tubes, and insulation of electric cables. 

Polyethylene plastic wrap is usually less adhesive than Polyvinyl chloride, but this can be remedied by adding linear low-density polyethylene (LLDPE), which also increases the film's tensile strength. The world makes over 80 million tonnes of polyethylene per year.

Polyvinyl chloride

Polyvinyl chloride, also called Polychloroethene or PVC, is a thermoplastic. It turns soft when heated and hard when cooled. Polyvinyl chloride is made by polymerization of the monomer vinyl chloride (chloroethene) CH=CHCl. PVC can be made softer and more flexible by adding plasticizers. Phthalates are often used to soften PVC in this way.

Vinyl polymers are the most common type of plastic. "Vinyl" is actually Ethylene, a gas that is used to make those plastics including PVC. In popular usage, "vinyl" is often short for PVC, but there are two other vinyl polymers which are more common. The most common is polyethylene, the second-most common is polypropylene. Another, less used, is polystyrene.

Softened PVC is used in clothing, upholstery, electrical cable insulation, and other products instead of rubber. In the 1950s PVC became the usual material of phonograph records. Some audiophiles use the word "vinyl" to mean records made of PVC.

About half of the polyvinyl chloride resin manufactured each year is used to make pipes. PVC pipes are 66% of the newer water pipes in the US. PVC pipes are 75% of new sewer pipes. PVC is useful because of its light weight, high strength, and low reactivity. Also, PVC pipes can be glued together, or they can be connected by heating (similar to joining HDPE pipe). Both kinds of connections make permanent joints that do not leak.

PVC plastics can be recycled. Their recycling code is "3".

Polyamide

A polyamide is a polymer made of amides which are joined by peptide bonds. Examples for polyamides that occur naturally are proteins, such as wool and silk. It is also possible to artificially produce polyamides, one growth-step at a time. Examples for artificially-made polyamides are nylons, aramids and Sodium poly(aspartate).

Clarence Henry

Clarence Henry (b. March 27, 1926, d. February 28 1999) was an American heavyweight boxer. Contender for Rocky Marciano's title. 

He was a leading boxer in the heavyweight division in the early to mid-1950s. Henry was 1948 "Los Angeles Times" Golden Gloves Heavyweight Champion. 

He was elected into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998.


Supreme Leader of Iran

The Supreme Leader of Iran is the head of state of the Islamic Republic of Iran. 

The Supreme Leader is also the highest ranking Islamic cleric in the country.

The position of "Supreme Leader" was created after the Islamic Revolution of 1979 in Iran.

The Supreme Leader is more powerful than the President of Iran and chooses the heads of many powerful posts in the military, the government, and the judiciary.

Ayatollah Khomeini (died 1989) and Imam Khamenei have become Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic so far.


President of Iran

The President of Iran is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The president is chosen by direct popular vote, that is the voters choose the president, they do not vote for other people to choose as in the USA. Unlike other countries, in Iran, the President is not the leader of the country. The President does many of the things that are normally done by a head of state but the Supreme Leader is the person who is actually in control of the country. The current President of Iran is Ebrahim Raisi.



Ruhollah Khomeini

Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini (, born Sayyed Ruhollah Mustafavi Khomeini, 24 September 1902 – 3 June 1989) also known as Imam Khomeini was a Iranian politician, revolutionary and religious leader who was the 1st Supreme Leader of Iran. He was also the Leader of the Islamic Revolution from January 1978 until his victory in the revolution in February 1979 and the Iran–Iraq War from 1980 to 1988.

Khomeini died of intestinal cancer and a heart attackin Tehran on 3 June 1989, at the age of 86.

On 5 June 1964, Khomeini was arrested and sent into exile (kicked from his country). He was exiled to Iraq, Turkey and then to France. Khomeini gave many speeches in France against Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the last Shah of Iran. On 16 January 1979, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi left Iran. Two weeks later, on 1 February, Khomeini returned to Iran.

He received a traditional religious education in Qom (city in Iran). When he lived in Najaf (a holy city in Iraq) for some years, he spoke about Islam ideas about Government. During that time, he refined his theory of "velayat-e faqih" ("government of the jurist").

On 11 February 1979, as soon as Khomeini overthrew the Shah, he appointed his first own Prime Minister, Mehdi Bazargan. On 30 March 1979, a referendum was held and as a result, the Monarchy was replaced with an Islamic Republic. After the Islamic Revolution, Khomeini became the first ever Supreme Leader of Iran.

In early 1989 Khomeini issued a fatwā calling for Muslims to kill Salman Rushdie and "all those involved in the publication" of his book called "The Satanic Verses". This centred on the novel's suggestion of the Quran containing verses about deception from the devil during the life of Muhammad. As part of the fatwa, Rushdie was on 12 August 2022, resulting in him losing vision in one eye. The Japanese translator of Rushdie's book, , was stabbed to death due to the fatwa, his body being found at the .


Theocracy

In Theocracy, a form of government, the institutions and people that govern the state are very close to the leaders of the main religion or are religious leaders themselves. If the religious leaders do not directly run some bodies of the state, they influence them very much. The word theocracy comes from two Greek words literally meaning God-government, and meaning the government is run by "The Church".

The Roman Catholic Bishop of Urgell as the Co-Prince, is one of the two heads of states of Andorra (the other Co-Prince as head of state is the President of France). His role is mostly ceremonial, and while Roman Catholicism is the official religion of the country, it is not a theocracy.

Iran is a theocratic Islamic republic. In Iran, two bodies, the Supreme Leader and Guardian Council consist of members who are not elected by the people. These two bodies are staffed by Shia clerics. The highest elected official is the President of Iran.

Mohammad Khatami, the former president, said that this model is an alternative to democracy, as it brings in religious elements. He called it a religious democracy.

The Vatican City is a true theocracy, with no separation of church and state. The head of the Catholic Church is the leader of the country. The pope is elected by the Papal Conclave. Most popes have stayed for the rest of their lives, but some have resigned. One who resigned was Pope Benedict XVI.

Many states have a state religion (also called official religion). Israel, for example mixes some aspects of Halakha and civil law, even though Judaism is not a state or official religion of the country. Also, the state hires rabbis. In some such states, religious leaders also have civil duties, not only religious ones.

Some (now extinguished) states throughout history had characteristics of a Theocracy, as for example: 


Ahmad Jannati

Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati (born 1926) has been the secretary of the Guardian Council of the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1988.


Guardian Council

The Guardian Council is part of the government of Iran. It ensures the laws passed by Iran's legislature conform to Islam. It was created in 1979.

Incumbent

An incumbent is the current holder of a political office or position. This word is usually used when talking about elections, which are often between the incumbent and one other person or several other people. For example, Joe Biden is the incumbent President of the United States since he is still president. It can also be used in sports to let people know if a sportsman still holds the position or award in question.


Assembly of Experts

The Assembly of Experts was created after the Islamic Revolution in Iran. It is an assembly of Islamic clerics who have the power to choose the successor of the Supreme Leader of Iran.


Ali Meshkini

Ayatollah Ali Meshkini (1922-30 July 2007) was the chairman of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran from 1984 to 2007.


Judiciary

The judiciary or judicial system is the system of courts that administers (or makes decisions about) justice. This kind of system, does its work in the name of the state (or country) or the sovereign. A judicial system is used to resolve disputes.

The term is also used to refer collectively to the judges and magistrates who form the basis of the judiciary, as well as the other people who help keep the system running properly.

Separation of powers causes separate branches of government that each has a different purpose. The judiciary is the branch of government that interprets the law. Such systems may have three branches: Legislature, Executive and Judiciary. Often the judiciary branch has courts of first resort, appellate courts, and a supreme court or constitutional court. Decisions of the lower courts may be appealed to the higher courts.

In the United States the federal Judicial Branch is an integrated system of courts headed by the Supreme Court of the United States. Each state also has a judicial system.

Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi

Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi (15 August 1948 – 24 December 2018) was an Iranian politician. He was the Chief Justice of Iran from 1999 to 2009. He was born in Najaf, Iraq.

Ayatollah Shahroudi was best known for ordering a moratorium on stoning as a form of the death penalty. However, later it was shown that executions by stoning are still being carried out, in spite of his claims that they have stopped. Stoning is still happening inside prisons, where the public cannot see it.

From August 2017 to December 2018, Shahroudi was Chairman of Expediency Discernment Council.

He died on 24 December 2018 from cancer in Tehran at the age of 70.


Expediency Discernment Council

The Expediency Discernment Council is a governmental body for resolving disputes between the Guardian Council and the legislature in the Islamic Republic of Iran.


Mata Hari

Mata Hari was the stage name of Margaretha Geertruida (Grietje) Zelle (7 August 1876, Leeuwarden, The Netherlands – 15 October 1917, Vincennes, France). 

She was a Dutch-Frisian exotic dancer and spy. She was executed by a firing squad of the French Army. French authorities thought she was a spy during World War I. Because she had relationships with both German and French officers, they thought she was a double agent (working for both sides). Her dossier (file) was released in 2017, a hundred years after her death.

German documents unsealed in the 1970s proved that Mata Hari was truly a German agent. In the autumn of 1915, she entered German service. 

On the orders of section III B-Chief Walter Nicolai, she was instructed about her duties by Major Roepell during a stay in Cologne. Her direct handler was Captain Hoffmann, who gave her the code name H-21.

Father Damien

Father Damien, also Saint Damien of Molokai, born as Joseph de Veuster in Belgium on January 3, 1840 and died on April 15, 1889, was a Roman Catholic Priest and missionary. He was known for helping people with leprosy in the colony of Kalaupapa on the island of Molokai in Hawaii. Father Damien came to Hawaii in 1864. During this time, many Native Hawaiians were dying from many of the diseases they caught from the white settlers. The King of Hawaii, made the people who had leprosy live in a colony away from other people. Father Damien went to help the sick people and gave them hope. Father Damien also died from leprosy, but what he did helped many people. 

In 1995, he was beatified (made an important person) by the Pope, and he is recognized by both the Catholic and Anglican churches. Father Damien was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday October 11, 2009. 

His is Patron Saint of the Diocese of Honolulu, as well as all of 🌋, of people with leprosy, and of outcasts, as well as people suffering from HIV and AIDS as well.

Jack Dempsey

William Harrison "Jack" Dempsey (June 24, 1895 – May 31, 1983) was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title between 1919 and 1926 Known as "The Manassa Mauler", Dempsey was a tremendous puncher famous for his exciting fights, many of which set financial and attendance records.

He won the title by beating Jess Willard on July 4, 1919. He defended the title six times before losing it to Gene Tunney in 1926. They had a rematch in 1927 and Tunney again beat Dempsey. It was during this fight where the "Long Count" took place. Dempsey knocked Tunney down in the seventh round. The referee would not start counting until Dempsey went to a neutral corner, so it is estimated that Tunney had as many as fourteen seconds to rise (instead of the usual ten).

Dempsey retired in 1928. He fought exhibitions after his retirement, served as a commander in the Coast Guard during World War II, and opened a restaurant in New York City.

Dempsey died in 1983.


Jess Willard

Jess Willard (December 29, 1881–December 15, 1968) was an American boxer. He was the heavyweight best puncher in the world from 1915 to 1919. When Jack Johnson was the Black world champion, Willard was one of the many "White Hopes" who wanted to take the title. He succeeded when he beat Johnson by a 26th round out-cold punch in Cuba in 1915. He fought to keep the title and won once before losing it to Jack Dempsey in 1919.


Nicholas II of Russia

Nicholas II (Nikolai Alexandrovich Romanov; 186817 July 1918) was the last Emperor of Russia from 1894 until his abdication in March 1917. 

He married Princess Alix of Hesse, who was the daughter of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and the granddaughter of Queen Victoria , and they had five children, Olga, Tatiana, Maria, Anastasia, and Alexi. Alexi suffered from a disease called haemophilia, which caused his parents great sadness. After 1905, the royal family became friends with Grigori Rasputin, whom they believed could treat Alexi.

In the first 20 years of his reign, Nicholas tried to make Russia more modern, but these plans were held back by the nobles and the Tsar's weak leadership. He and his chief ministers Sergei Witte and Pyotr Stolypin encouraged railways, land reform, education, the borrowing of money and friendship with France and the United Kingdom. In 1905, after Russia lost a war with Japan and the killing of protestors on Bloody Sunday, there were large protests against his government by people who wanted a parliament. He created one (the Duma), but he would not allow it to have many powers. His reign also saw the Khodynka Tragedy, attacks on the Russian Jews, anger over the power of Rasputin, and the imprisonments and executions of people who opposed the government.

In 1914, he led Russia into World War I, but the war went badly for Russia and caused great hardship. It led to the fall of the monarchy in the 1917 Russian Revolution. He abdicated (quit being Tsar) in March of that year. He and his family were held as prisoners under house arrest. On July 17, 1918, Nicholas, his wife and their children were killed by a firing squad, on the orders of the new Bolshevik government. In 1981, the Tsar and his family were made Saints by the Russian Orthodox Church. In 1990, the bones of the Tsar and his family were found in the woods and given a proper burial in St Petersburg in 1998.

The historians of the Soviet Union often described Nicholas as a tyrant. Modern historians see him as a man who tried to do what was right for his country but did not have the skills and was easily led by people who gave him bad advice.


William Tell

William Tell was a folk hero from Switzerland. In the story, William Tell is a man who refused to bow down to pole that was set up by an army who had taken over the place where he lived. He was arrested and forced to shoot an apple off his son's head with a crossbow. If he did not, both he and his son would be killed. So he shot the apple off the son's head and did not harm his son. He is considered a legend and his actions helped form Switzerland as a nation.


Antioch

Antioch on the Orontes was an ancient city on the eastern side (left bank) of the Orontes River on the site of the modern city of Antakya, Turkey.

It was founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator, one of Alexander the Great's generals. Antioch became a rival of Alexandria as the chief city of the nearer East and the cradle of gentile Christianity. It was one of the four cities of the Syrian tetrapolis.

The geographical character of the district north and north-east of the elbow of Orontes makes it the perfect natural centre of Syria, so long as that country is held by a western power; and only Asiatic, and especially Arab, dynasties have neglected it for the oasis of Damascus. During the Crusades, the Christian crusaders laid siege to Antioch. One Wijerd Jelckamas ancestors from his father's side of the family had died at the Siege of Antioch.
The siege of Antioch (lost by the Crusaders, initially), was a turning point in the Crusades.

Alexander the Great is said to have camped on the site of Antioch, and dedicated an altar to Zeus Bottiaeus

After Alexander's death in 323 BC, his generals divided up the territory he had conquered. Seleucus I Nicator won the territory of Syria, and he founded four "sister cities" in north-western Syria - Antioch, Seleucia Pieria, Apamea and Laodicea-on-the-Sea. Although Seleucia Pieria was at first the Seleucid capital city in north-western Syria, Antioch soon rose above it to become the Syrian capital.

The original city of Seleucus was laid out in imitation of the plan of Alexandria by the architect Xenarius. 
The new city was populated by a mix of local settlers, Athenians brought from the nearby city of Antigonia, Macedonians, and Jews (who were given full status from the beginning). The total free population of Antioch at its foundation has been estimated at between 17,000 and 25,000, not including slaves and native settlers. During the late Hellenistic period and Early Roman period, the population reached its peak of over 500,000 inhabitants (estimates vary from 400,000 to 600,000) and it was the third largest city in the world after Rome and Alexandria. By the 4th century, Antioch's declining population was about 200,000 according to John Chrysostom, a figure which again does not include slaves.

Antioch became the capital and court-city of the western Seleucid empire under Antiochus I, its counterpart in the east being Seleucia on the Tigris.

The Romans both felt and expressed boundless contempt for the hybrid Antiochenes; but the Roman emperors favoured the city from the first, seeing in it a more suitable capital for the eastern part of the empire than Alexandria could ever be, because of the isolated position of Egypt. To a certain extent they tried to make it an eastern Rome. 
The chief interest of Antioch under the empire lies in its relation to Christianity.

In 638, during the reign of the emperor Heraclius, Antioch was conquered by the Muslim Arabs during the Battle of Iron Bridge, and became known in Arabic as أنطاكيّة Antākiyyah.

In recent years, what remains of the Roman and late antique city have suffered severe damage as a result of construction related to the expansion of Antakya. In the 1960s, the last surviving Roman bridge was demolished to make way for a modern two-lane bridge. The northern edge of Antakya has been growing rapidly over recent years, and this construction has begun to expose large portions of the ancient city, which are frequently bulldozed and rarely protected by the local museum.

Antakya was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.


Board

Board could mean: 

Pitman arm

The Pitman arm is a part used in automobiles, trucks, SUVs and other vehicles to steer the wheels. When the steering wheel is turned right or left the pitman transmits the motion it receives from the steering gearbox to the tie rod. A "drop pitman arm" is used to correct the steering when a vehicle has a suspension lift.

F1

F1 is a function key on the keyboard. It is mainly used to open help pages about an application or a part of it. On some keyboards and computers, it's also a volume key muting the computer.

Solvent

A solvent is a substance that becomes a solution by dissolving a solid, liquid, or gaseous solute. A solvent is usually a liquid, but can also be a solid or gas. The most common solvent in everyday life is water. 

Solvents help dissolve, suspend, or extract other materials, usually solids, without changing them chemically. That means they help in mixing things at a molecular level but don't participate in any chemical change of the substance dissolved. 

For example, water acts as a solvent when sugar is poured into a glass of it. The sugar molecules get surrounded by water molecules and spread out in the glass, so it seems like the sugar has disappeared, but it’s really just mixed in very well. This process is known as dissolution. Water also acts as a solvent when it's used to clean food off a plate. The water molecules surround the food molecules and separates them from each other, causing the mass of food to dissolve. In both cases, water is breaking the physical bonds holding ions or molecules together, but the substances dispersed or dissolved in the water retain their chemical identity. 

Water is able to dissolve more substances than any other liquid due to its polar nature. That's why water is often referred to as the “universal solvent." Polarity refers to how evenly distributed the positive and negative charges are within a molecule. In non-polar molecules like oil, the charges are evenly spread out. The molecule has no areas that are more positive or negative. In polar molecules like water, the charges are unevenly distributed. Parts of the molecule are more positive or negative. This creates a "pole" - a positive end and a negative end. The polarity of a chemical causes differences in properties like how they dissolve or react. 

The charge imbalance of polar chemicals like water makes them act like magnets, they surround and hold onto other charged or polar substances, “pulling” them into solution. A water molecule's two hydrogen atoms make up its positive side. It's negative side is its one oxygen atom. Because opposite charges attract, the positive side of one water molecule is attracted to the negative side of another molecule. 

When a negatively charged atom is attracted to a positively charged hydrogen atom, we call this attraction a hydrogen bond. Water has a positively charged hydrogen, so it is very good at forming hydrogen bonds with a wide variety of compounds, such as sugar which is also polar. When water encounters sugar, the positive end of the sugar is attracted to the negative side of water, and the negative end of the polar molecule is attracted to the positive side of water. This interaction allows water to surround and dissolve the polar molecules. 

When water encounters an ionic compound (a compound made of ions, which are electrically charged atoms or molecules), like table salt, the positively charged ion (cation) is attracted to the negative oxygen side of the water molecule, and the negatively charged ion (anion) is attracted to the negatively charged hydrogen side of the water molecule. This attraction helps to separate the ions from each other, dissolving the ionic compound in water. 

Although water is an excellent solvent, it cannot dissolve everything. Non-polar substances like oils and fats do not dissolve well in water because they do not form hydrogen bonds and are not attracted to polar water molecules. A common saying in chemistry is “like dissolves like,” meaning polar substances dissolve well in polar solvents, and non-polar substances dissolve well in non-polar solvents. Non-polar solvents usually do not mix well with water, which is where the expression "oil and water don't mix" comes from. 

Because non-polar solvents lack the polarity needed to form hydrogen bonds, they rely on the much weaker Van der Waals force, which is a weak attraction between molecules that occurs when they come very close together. When non-polar molecules, like those in oil, come close to other non-polar molecules, like those in grease, they experience these tiny attractions, allowing them to stick together. This is how oil can dissolve grease. 

Most other commonly-used solvents are organic (carbon-containing) chemicals. These are called organic solvents. Solvents usually have a low boiling point and evaporate easily or can be removed by distillation, thereby leaving the dissolved substance behind. Solvents should therefore not react chemically with the dissolved compounds - they have to be inert. Solvents can also be used to extract soluble compounds from a mixture, the most common example is the brewing of coffee or tea with hot water. Solvents are usually clear and colorless liquids and many have a characteristic smell. The concentration of a solution is the amount of compound that is dissolved in a certain volume of solvent. The solubility is the maximal amount of compound that is soluble in a certain volume of solvent at a specified temperature. 

Common uses for organic solvents are in dry cleaning (e.g. tetrachloroethylene), as paint thinners (e.g. toluene, turpentine), as nail polish removers and glue solvents (acetone, methyl acetate, ethyl acetate), in spot removers (e.g. hexane, petrol ether), in detergents (citrus terpenes), in perfumes (ethanol), and in chemical syntheses. Inorganic solvents are used in research chemistry and in a few technological processes.

Some solvents including chloroform and benzene (an ingredient of gasoline) are carcinogenic. Many others can damage internal organs like the liver, the kidneys, or the brain. Many also can catch fire easily. Ways to work safely include:


The solvents are grouped into non-polar, polar aprotic, and polar protic solvents and ordered by increasing polarity. The polarity is given as the Dielectric constant. The density of nonpolar solvents that are heavier than water is bolded.


Chemically inert

In chemistry, the term inert is used to describe something that is not chemically active. The noble gases were described as being inert because they did not react with the other elements or themselves. 

Inert gases are completely inert to basic chemical reactions (such as combustion, for example) because their outer valence shell is completely filled with electrons. With a filled outer valence shell, an inert atom is not able to acquire or lose an electron, and is therefore not able to participate in any chemical reactions. For inert atoms or molecules, a lot of energy is involved before it can combine with other elements to form compounds. A high temperature and pressure is necessary, and sometimes requires the presence of a catalyst.

For example, elemental nitrogen is inert under standard room conditions and exists as a diatomic molecule, N. The inertness of nitrogen is due to the presence of the very strong triple covalent bond in the N molecule.

Inert atmospheres of gases such as carbon dioxide, nitrogen and argon are routinely used in working with processes that will go wrong if air or water is present. For example, some welding must be done in argon so the material will not burn.

Electron shell

An electron shell, or main energy level, is the part of an atom where electrons are found orbiting the atom's nucleus.

In chemistry and atomic physics, an electron shell may be thought of as an orbit followed by electrons around an atom's nucleus. All atoms have one or more electron shell(s), all of which have varying numbers of electrons. 

Each electron shell has one or more electron sub-shells, or sub-levels. Electron shells make up the electron configuration of an atom. The number of electrons that can be in a certain shell is equal to formula_1, where formula_2 is the number of a shell.

The name for electron shells came from the Bohr model, which states that electrons orbit the nucleus at certain distances so that their orbits form "shells". This term was presented by Niels Henrik David Bohr.

The valence shell is the outermost shell of an atom in its neutral state. The valence shell contains the electrons most likely to be involved in reactions. 

In a noble gas, an atom tends to have eight electrons in its outer shell (except helium, which is only able to fill its shell with two electrons). Noble gases serve as the model for the octet rule, which states that atoms tend to form bonds or create ions so that they can have eight electrons in their outermost shell. This is mostly applicable to the main-group elements of the second and third periods.

For coordination complexes containing transition metals, the valence shell consists of 18 electrons. This is referred to as the "eighteen electron rule".

Electron sub-shells are identified by the letters s, p, d, f, g, h, i, etc., corresponding to the : 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, etc. Each shell is able to hold 2, 6, 10, 14, and 18 electrons respectively. 


Wheelchair

A wheelchair is a type of chair usually used by disabled people.

A wheelchair is moved either manually (by pushing the wheels with the hands, or pushed from behind with handles by somebody who is not sitting in the wheelchair) or by automated systems such as electric motors which can be controlled by the wheelchair user (the person sitting in the chair) or by somebody walking behind or beside the wheelchair if the wheelchair user needs help to move their wheelchair. 

Wheelchairs are used by people for whom walking is difficult or impossible due to illness, injury, or disability. Wheelchairs can have extra cushions and other parts added to improve support if the wheelchair user cannot keep their body in a good sitting position, or to make the wheelchair more comfortable to sit in. The earliest record of the wheelchair in England dates from the 1670s [Oxford English Dictionary, (2nd Ed.), 1989, Vol. XX., p. 203.], and in continental Europe this technology dates back to the German Renaissance.

In 1655, Stephan Farffler, a 22-year-old paraplegic watchmaker, built the world's first self-propelling chair on a three-wheel chassis using a system of cranks and cogwheels. However, the device resembled a hand bike more than a wheelchair since the design included hand cranks mounted at the front wheel.


Fuel oil

Fuel oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation, either as a distillate or a residue at the oil refinery.

Broadly speaking, fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power, except oils having a flash point of approximately +40 °C and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners. In this sense, diesel is a type of fuel oil. Fuel oil is made of long hydrocarbon chains, particularly alkanes, cycloalkanes and aromatics. The term "fuel oil" is also used in a stricter sense to refer only to the heaviest commercial fuel that can be obtained from crude oil, heavier than gasoline and naphtha.

Fuel oil in the United States is classified into six classes, according to its boiling temperature, composition and purpose. The boiling point, ranging from 175 to 600 °C, and carbon chain length, 20 to 70 atoms, of the fuel increases with number. Viscosity also increases with fuel oil number and the heaviest oil has to be heated to get it to flow. Price usually decreases as the fuel number increases. 

No. 1 fuel oil, No. 2 fuel oil (heating oil), and No. 3 fuel oil are referred to as distillate fuel oils, diesel fuel oils, light fuel oils, gasoil or just distillate. For example, No. 2 fuel oil, No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing. Diesel is different in that it also has a cetane number limit which describes the ignition quality of the fuel. Distillate fuel oils are distilled from crude oil.



List of large wind farms

This is a list of large wind farms, with a generating capacity of 100 megawatts (MW) or more, which are currently operating, under construction, or proposed. Wind power capacity has expanded quickly to 336 GW in June 2014, and wind energy production was about 4% of total worldwide electricity usage, and growing fast. 

Wind power is widely used in Europe, and more recently in the United States and Asia. Wind power accounts for approximately 19% of electricity generation in Denmark, 11% in Spain and Portugal, and 9% in the Republic of Ireland.

Many of the largest onshore wind farms are in the USA. As of January 2014, the Alta Wind Energy Center is the largest onshore wind farm in the world at 1,020 MW.

Many of the largest offshore wind farms are in Europe. As of January 2014, the London Array is the largest offshore wind farm in the world at 630 MW.


Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center

Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is a large wind farm with 735.5 megawatt (MW) capacity. It consists of 291 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines and 130 Siemens 2.3 MW wind turbines spread over nearly 47,000 acres (190 km²) of land in Taylor and Nolan County, Texas. 

The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006; phase three which consisted of 299 MW, was completed by the end of 2006.



List of solar thermal power stations

This is a list of solar thermal power stations. These include the 354 megawatt (MW) Solar Energy Generating Systems power plant in the US, Solnova solar power station (Spain, 150 MW), Andasol solar power station (Spain, 100 MW), Nevada Solar One (USA, 64 MW), PS20 solar power tower (Spain, 20 MW), and the PS10 solar power tower (Spain, 11 MW). Many other plants are under construction or planned, mainly in Spain and the USA. In developing countries, three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt, Mexico, and Morocco have been approved.


Andasol Solar Power Station

Andasol Solar Power Station is a large solar thermal power plant, near Guadix in Andalusia, in the province of Granada, one of the sunniest regions in Spain. The plant will cost 310 million euros and is currently under construction.

Andasol will have a generating capacity of 50 megawatts and liquid salt heat storage will allow for electricity to be generated for seven hours after the sun has gone down. Annual electricity production will be 179 gigawatt hours which will cover the electricity demands of 50,000 households or 200,000 people.

Andasol should be completed in mid-2008 and a second plant, Andasol 2, is planned.



Atlantic slave trade

The Atlantic slave trade was the selling of African slaves by Europeans in and around the Atlantic Ocean. It lasted from the 15th century to the 19th century. Most slaves were shipped from West Africa and brought over to the New World on a slave ship. The slaves on these ships lived in unhealthy conditions. Many died on the ships. The journey by ship was known as the Middle Passage.

Some slaves were captured in battles or through raids and kidnapping. Some were sold into slavery as punishment or to pay a debt, usually by other Africans. Then they were shackled together and marched to the coast on journeys lasting weeks or months. When they arrived they were imprisoned in forts where they were purchased by Europeans. Most historians today think that 12 to 13 million Africans arrived in the New World.

The Dahomian army was involved and traded slaves for weapons to protect themselves. King Gezo of Dahomey said in the 1840s:
The slave trade is sometimes called the "Maafa" by African and African-American scholars. It means catastrophe in the Swahili language. Some slave ships worked a three-part economic cycle often called the triangular trade. It tied the economies of several regions and continents together. The main triangular trading countries were England, The Netherlands, France, Spain and Portugal. Other ships just worked the slave trade.

Christopher Columbus first came to the Americas in 1492 while seeking the West Indies. European countries started to build colonies in the Americas. This led to an economic reason for the Atlantic slave trade. Slaves were first imported in large numbers for mining and later to grow sugarcane in plantations. Slavery is much more ancient than the transatlantic trade. Slaves were used in many ancient societies.

Historians think that about 4.9 million slaves were brought to Brazil, 1.3 million to the Spanish colonies, and 400 thousand to mainland North America. About 3.9 million were brought to other parts of the Americans, mainly the Caribbean. Records show that only about 9000 slaves were brought to Europe.

In the 18th century, a small opposition developed against the slave trade in Britain, America, and some parts of Europe. In Britain and America, opposition to the trade was led by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) and establishment Evangelicals such as William Wilberforce. People who protested against the trade were opposed by the owners of land in the Americas. After 1772, slaves became free upon entering the British Isles. Abolitionism became stronger in the 19th century.

Denmark was the first European country to ban the slave trade, in 1792, which took effect in 1803. On 22 February 1807, the work of William Wilberforce was rewarded with victory. By 283 votes for to 16 against, the British House of Commons passed the Slave Trade Act to abolish the slave trade. The United States abolished it later that year. The Royal Navy set up a Blockade of Africa to stop the trade. Treaties with other nations allowed the blockade ships to stop their slave trade. However, the smuggling of slaves was very common. Hundreds of thousands of black people were enslaved illegally. New York City was a center for this illegal slave trade. Judges in New York avoided punishing slave traders through the 19th century.

Many slaves continued to be sent to Spanish colonies of Puerto Rico and Cuba and much of South America. The slave trade in Brazil was banned in 1831. But many people in Brazil thought it was necessary for their economy, so the country failed to stop it. Hundreds of thousands more slaves were brought to Brazil in the 1830s and 1840s until the British forced Brazil to end the slave trade.


African slave trade

The African slave trade was a trade in slaves and, like most of the world, has carried on for thousands of years in Africa. The first main route passed through the Sahara. After the Age of Exploration, African slaves became part of the Atlantic slave trade, from which comes the modern, Western type of slavery. Despite being against the law, slavery continues in all parts of the world, including Africa. In Mauritania, slavery was not made illegal until August 2007.

Pocking Solar Park in Germany

The Pocking Solar Park is a 10-megawatt (MWp) solar photovoltaic plant which is among the largest in the world. Construction of the power plant started in August 2005 and was completed in March 2006. On the former military training area in the Lower-Bavarian town of Pocking, sheep are now grazing under and around the 57,912 photovoltaic modules.


Fractional distillation

Fractional distillation is a process of separating a mixture of chemical compounds. This means that each part (called a "fraction") of the mixture can be kept apart from the other chemicals. Different chemicals have different boiling points. Fractional distillation is done by heating the mixture so that it evaporates and then each fraction condenses in its own separate compartment. The reason we don't use simple distillation is because for liquids that boil at less than 25°C from each other, some of the other liquid(s) may evaporate and so part of the separated liquid may have part of the other liquid(s).

It is a special type of distillation. Generally, the component parts boil at less than 25°C from each other under a pressure of one atmosphere. If the difference in boiling points is greater than 25°C, a simple distillation is used. 

Fractionation is done by boiling a mixture in a fractionating column. The mixture evaporates at different times and is caught in a container as a pure compound. 

Fractional distillation is the main activity of oil refineries, and is done in a large fractionating column known as a "fractionation tower".

Industrially, crude oil is heated and sent up along the fractionating column that has decreasing temperatures with height and several platforms at different levels to collect the condensate. Different components of crude oil have different boiling points. High molecular weight components have higher boiling points and condense at lower portions of the column while fractions with lower boiling points rise to the top of the column to condense.
The main fractions include refinery gases, gasoline (petrol), naphtha, kerosene, diesel oil, fuel oil, and a residue that contains bitumen. These fractions are mainly used as fuels, although they do have other uses too. Hydrocarbons with small molecules make better fuels than those with large molecules because they are volatile, flow easily and are easily ignited

https://www.quora.com/Why-does-simple-distillation-not-give-pure-compounds


Monte Alto solar power plant

The Monte Alto photovoltaic power plant in Spain has a generating capacity of 9.55 megawatts peak (MWp) and will generate 14 million kilowatt-hours of electricity per year. It cost 65 million Euros [US$87 million]. 

The plant covers an area of 51 hectares on agricultural land near the locality of Milagro (Navarre) and contains 889 solar structures, of which 864 have automated solar tracking. The rest are fixed structures adapted to the terrain. 


Odor

An odor or odour is a volatilized chemical compound, usually at a very low concentration, which humans and other animals perceive by the sense of olfaction.

Odors are also called smells, which can be used to describe both pleasant and unpleasant odors. The words fragrance, scent, or aroma are used mostly by the food and cosmetic industry to describe a pleasant odor, and is sometimes used to refer to perfumes. On the other hand, the words stench, reek, and stink are used specifically to describe unpleasant odors.

Odor is a sensation caused by molecules dissolved in air.
The widest range of odors are made up of organic compounds although some inorganic substances, such as hydrogen sulfide and ammonia, are also odorants.
The perception of an odor effect is a two step process.
First, there is the physiological part; the sense of the stimulus by receptors in the nose.
After that the psychological part follows. The stimuli are processed by the region of the human brain which is responsible for smelling.

Because of this, an objective and analytical measure of odor is impossible.
While odor feelings are very personal perceptions, individual reactions are related to gender, age, state of health and private affectations. Common odors that people are used to, such as their own body odor, are less noticeable to individuals than external or uncommon odors.

For most people, the process of smelling gives little information concerning the ingredients of a substance. It only offers information related to the emotional impact. However, experienced people, such as flavorists and perfumers can pick out individual chemicals in complex mixes through smell alone.

The concentrations of odorant in Germany are defined by the “Olfaktometrie” since the 1870s. In this connection it's about the standard method to define the sense barrier of odors on basis the thinner of concentrated odor loaded assays. Following parameters are defined: odor substance concentration, intensity of odor and hedonism assessment.

Pheromones are odors that are deliberately used for communication. A female moth may release a pheromone that can entice a male moth that is several kilometers away. Honeybee queens constantly release pheromones that regulate the activity of the hive. Workers can release such smells to call other bees into an appropriate cavity when a swarm moves in or to "sound" an alarm when the hive is threatened.

In mammals, some pathway of pheromones identification are in the vomeronasal organ and some in olfactory receptors.



European ash

The European ash ("Fraxinus excelsior") is a kind of ash tree. It is found throughout Europe and not just Scandinavia. It is a deciduous tree that grows to a height of 20–35 metres.

Ash wood is very easy to bend. It is therefore the material of choice to make bows. Tennis rackets, and the long poles used for snooker are sometimes made from it. 

In Norse mythology, the tree Yggdrasil was a European ash. The tree linked all the nine world, Niflheim and Asgard, amongst others. Below the tree resides Hel as well as the Well of Urd.

Solar power in Spain

Spain is the fourth largest manufacturer in the world of solar power technology and exports 80 percent of this output to Germany. Spain is one of the most attractive countries with regard to the development of solar energy, as it has the greatest amount of available sunshine of any country in Europe.

The Spanish government wants to produce 12 percent of primary energy from renewable energy by 2010. That would mean a solar generating capacity of 400 megawatts.
Through a ministerial ruling in March 2004, the Spanish government removed economic barriers to grid-connection of renewable energy. The widely applauded Royal Decree 436/2004 equalises conditions for large-scale thermal and photovoltaic plants and guarantees feed-in tariffs.

In March 2007, Europe's first commercial concentrating solar power tower plant was opened near the sunny southern Spanish city of Seville. The 11 megawatt plant, known as the PS10 solar power tower, produces electricity with 624 large heliostats. Each of these mirrors has a surface measuring 120 square meters (1,290 square feet) that concentrates the Sun's rays to the top of a 115-meter (377 foot) high tower where a solar receiver and a steam turbine are located. The turbine drives a generator, producing electricity. PS10 is the first of a set of solar electric power generation plants to be constructed in the same area that will total more than 300MW by 2013. This power generation will be accomplished using a variety of technologies.
Solar thermal power plants designed for solar-only generation are ideally matched to summer noon peak loads in prosperous areas with significant cooling demands, such as Spain. Using thermal energy storage systems, solar thermal operating periods can even be extended to meet base-load needs. For example, the 50-MWe AndaSol solar trough power plants are designed with six to twelve hours of thermal storage, which increases annual availability by some 1,000 to 2,500 hours.

Construction has started on a 20MW solar photovoltaics power system in Trujillo, Cáceres, in Spain. Costing €150m, the new plant will have double the output of the 10MW Bavaria Solar Park in Germany, the previous largest ever photovoltaic (PV) system. The project will use 200 100 kW units (120,000 PV modules in total), gaining the top feed-in tariff for this type of plant.

BP Solar has begun constructing a new solar photovoltaic (PV) solar cell manufacturing plant at its European headquarters in Tres Cantos, Madrid.
For phase one of the Madrid expansion, BP Solar is aiming to expand its annual cell capacity from 55 megawatts (MW) to around 300 MW. Construction of this facility is underway, with the first manufacturing line expected to be fully operational this year.

The new cell lines use innovative screen-printing technology. By fully automating wafer handling, the manufacturing lines will be able to handle the very thinnest of wafers available and ensure the highest quality.

Since the beginning of 2007, Aleo Solar AG has also been manufacturing high-quality solar modules for the Spanish market at its own factory in Santa Maria de Palautordera near Barcelona.

New building code laws in Spain are now mandating solar hot water for new and remodeled private residences, and photovoltaic to offset some power requirements for all new and remodeled commercial buildings. The new laws also reflect inceased awareness of the importance of better building insulation and the use of daylighting.

The Plataforma Solar de Almería (PSA) in Spain, part of the Center for Energy, Environment and Technological Research (CIEMAT), is the largest center for research, development, and testing of concentrating solar technologies in Europe.



Sensation

A sensation is something that produces excitement. A new song or a new play might be termed a "sensation" or producing "sensation". A thrilling ride on a roller coaster might be described as "sensational".

In psychology, sensation is the first stage in the biochemical and neurologic events:

It begins with a stimulus upon the receptor cells of a sensory organ, which then leads to perception, the mental state that is reflected in statements like "I see a uniformly blue wall."

A sensation that might lead to that statement could include the excitation of cone cells in the retina.

In the West, the human body's senses are divided into eight: visual, auditory, gustatory, olfactory, cutaneous, kinesthetic, vestibular, organic. The ways in which these senses are divided from one another in concept, and combined in varying ratios in perceiving the world, differs based on individual physiology, social and cultural context, and physical surroundings. The whole sensory system, including both physical sensation and interpretation (or cognition) of information from the senses, is referred to as a sensorium.

The sensory system provides many ways to be aware of the world.








Instant soup

Instant soups are a kind of soup. They are produced on an industrial scale. Later they are treated in different ways to preserve them. Usually they are dried, canned, or treated by freezing.

Packaged instant soups come in two varieties:

Sensation (disambiguation)

Sensation may refer to any of the following:



Perception

In psychology and the cognitive sciences, perception is the process of taking in, picking, organizing, and understanding sensory information. It includes collecting data from sense organs and interpreting it in the brain. Consider this: Light enters our eyes, and the brain works on this information to build up a mental picture of what is going on "out there". Perception is a lot more than just "information coming in". It is an "active" process.

There are many ways to study perception. There are biological or physiological approaches, psychological approaches through the philosophy of mind and experiments. There are studies by philosophers such as David Hume, John Locke, George Berkeley.

The study of perception started with the study of sight. This makes sense because humans understand the world largely by looking at it.

The first studies of perception happened in the years 460371 BC by the Greek philosopher Democritus. He believed the shapes we see were pictures which flew to our eyes, where our soul would then recognize them. The philosopher Plato (427–348 BC) later came up with a new idea, he believed the eyes worked by first making light and then scanning the world. Another Greek philosopher and student of Plato called Aristotle (384–322 BC) did not agree with these ideas. He presented a new theory :

Aristotle's ideas were then accepted for hundreds of years.

Ibn al-Haytham wrote the first mathematical description of the visual process 

Kepler explained what is inside of the eye. Descartes said that the way our physical senses see the world does not affect how we think about the world. Locke and Descartes both thought humans saw color because of the senses.

Kant suggested that humans can't know about things which our senses don’t see. Because of this he stated that a god and a soul were not possible.

New techniques were created and used to study the brain and perception. Many of these studies were paired with data on human behavior. The psychologist Wundt stated that perception could not just be explained by the way the body works and that psychology was needed too.

Gestalt psychology was formed. The idea behind this group of thinkers was that perception is more than the sum of our senses.



Vision is what you see. Seeing something happens when light enters the eyes. This light is turned into an electric message which travels to the brain and gets turned into a picture.

Sound is what you hear. The ears catch movement from sound waves which move in every direction. The brain takes these in, creating what we hear.

Touch is what you feel with your skin. The skin's top layer has receptors that take information in when touched. These receptors can sense pain, how hot or cold something is and how heavy something is. Receptors then send this information to our nervous system.

Taste is the flavor of things we eat or drink. Our tongue has many little bumps which take in our food's flavor. These bumps then send a message to our brain for us to taste.

The skin inside your nose has small cells which send messages to your brain when you breathe in. Your brain then senses the smell.

Theories of perception can be sorted into two groups. The first group believes in Bottom-Up processing. This approach means that to perceive, humans only needs information from their senses. For example : light enters the eye, this light is sent to the brain and the brain turns it into something we see.

The second group is Top-Down processing. In this approach, perception starts off with something general and becomes specific. What we already know or expect has a big effect here. For example : if you see half of a cat, you will have an idea of what it looks like even though half of it is hidden. This is because you have seen a cat before. Top down processing helps humans quickly make sense of their environment without having to think too much.

James Gibson (1904-1979) states that perception happens because of our human instincts. This means it can't be learned. He suggests that perception is needed for humans to stay alive. Neanderthals would have needed perception to escape danger, suggesting perception is the result of evolution. Gibson's theory is known as the ""Ecological Theory"" , because he says that perception can only be explained by our environment. To Gibson, Sensation = perception.

Palmer states that people have ideas about how the world looks like, and they use that knowledge to figure out what things are. He did a study in 1975 to show this. In his study, people were shown groups of 4 pictures. One picture was a location, a kitchen for example. The other three pictures were one object you would find in a kitchen (bread), and two pictures that had no ties to the kitchen (an instrument and a mailbox). This was repeated with many different places and objects. His findings showed that people found it harder to recognize the objects that had no relationship to the location.

This recognises how all animals have perception of some kind: because they are mobile they need senses which give them information about what is around them. Of course, primitive animals have simple sense organs, like "Euglena" does, whereas complex animals need much more information about their surroundings. Therefore, advanced animals do have advanced visual and other sensory systems.

This relates to perception. The main function of sense organs is to guide action.



Soba

Because noodles made out of pure buckwheat can easily fall apart when boiled, the buckwheat flour is usually mixed with binders - often wheat flour. Under the Japan Agricultural Standards regulations, the noodles must contain at least 30% buckwheat in order to be called "soba" but noodles with a high buckwheat content are seen as more desirable. The raw noodles are made by making a dough out of buckwheat flour and binder. The dough is then spread out flat. After that, strands of noodles are sliced off with a special knife. The quality of noodles is highly dependent on the skill of the maker, especially for soba noodles with high buckwheat content. The raw noodles are boiled before being served hot or cold.

In Japan, soba noodles are served in a variety of situations. They are a popular inexpensive fast food at train stations throughout Japan, they are served by exclusive and expensive specialty restaurants, and they are also made at home. Markets sell dried noodles and "men-tsuyu", or instant noodle broth, to make home preparation easy.

Some establishments, especially cheaper and more casual ones, may serve both soba and udon (thick wheat noodles) as they are often served in a similar manner. However, soba is traditionally the noodle of choice for Tokyoites. This tradition originates from the Edo period. At that time, the population of Edo (Tokyo) was much richer than the rural poor, were more susceptible to beriberi because of their high consumption of white rice which is low in thiamine. They are thought to have made up for this by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba. Every neighbourhood had one or two soba establishments, many also serving sake, which functioned much like modern cafes where locals would drop by casually.

Soba is almost always eaten with chopsticks, and in Japan, it is traditionally considered polite to slurp the noodles noisily. This is especially common with hot noodles, as drawing up the noodles quickly into the mouth acts to cool them down.

Like many Japanese noodles, soba noodles are often served drained and chilled in the summer, and hot in the winter with a soy-based dashi broth. Extra toppings can be added onto both hot and cold soba. Toppings are chosen to reflect the seasons and to balance with other ingredients. Most toppings are added without much cooking, although some are deep-fried. Most of these dishes may also be prepared with udon. Soba noodles often have a witdh of around 1.5 mm.
Chilled soba is often served on a sieve-like bamboo tray called a zaru, sometimes garnished with bits of dried "nori" seaweed, with a dipping sauce known as "soba tsuyu" on the side. The "tsuyu" is made of a strong mixture of dashi, sweetened soy sauce and mirin. Using chopsticks, the diner picks up a small amount of soba from the tray and swirls it in the cold "tsuyu" before eating it. Wasabi, scallions, and grated ginger are often mixed into the "tsuyu".


Soba is also often served as a noodle soup in a bowl of hot "tsuyu". The hot "tsuyu" in this instance is thinner than that used as a dipping sauce for chilled soba. Popular garnishes are sliced scallion and shichimi toragashi (mixed chili powder).


Soba is traditionally eaten on New Years Eve in most areas of Japan, a tradition which survives to this day. In the Tokyo area, there is also a tradition of giving out soba to new neighbours after a house move, although this practice is now rare.

The most famous Japanese soba noodles come from Nagano. Soba from Nagano is called "Shinano Soba" or "Shinshu soba". Ni-hachi ("two-eight") soba, consists of two parts of wheat and eight of buckwheat.




"Soba" is also the Japanese word for buckwheat. Roasted buckwheat kernels may be made into a grain tea called "sobacha", which may be served hot or cold. Buckwheat hulls, or "sobakawa", are used to fill pillows.

"Soba" is occasionally used to refer to noodles in general. In Japan, ramen is sometimes called "chūka soba" or "shina soba" (both mean "Chinese noodles"). Parboiled chūka soba is stir-fried to make yakisoba. Note that these noodles do not contain buckwheat.

In Okinawa, "soba" usually refers to Okinawa soba, a completely different dish of noodles made out of flour, not buckwheat. Okinawa soba is also quite popular in the city of Campo Grande (Brazil), due to influence of Japanese (Okinawan) immigrants. It is eaten at street markets or in special restaurants called "sobarias".



Carmen Basilio

Carmen Basilio (born April 2, 1927 – November 7, 2012) was an American boxer who held the welterweight and middleweight world championship. He won the welterweight title from Tony DeMarco in 1955. He then fought Sugar Ray Robinson for the middleweight title. He won the belt from Robinson in 1957, but lost it when they fought again.

He is the uncle of former welterweight boxing champion Billy Backus.


Johnny Saxton

Johnny Saxton (b. July 4, 1930 in Newark, NJ, d. October 4 2008) was an American boxer who won the welterweight championship.

Saxton beat Kid Gavilan in 1954 to become the welterweight champion. The lost the title the following year to Tony DeMarco. In 1956 he won the title again by beating Carmen Basilio, but lost the title in a rematch with Basilio later in the year. He retired in 1958.


Weber-Fechner law

The Weber–Fechner law is a proposed relationship between the magnitude of a physical stimulus and the intensity or strength that people feel. 

In one of his classic experiments, Weber gradually increased the weight that a blindfolded man was holding and asked him to respond when he first felt the increase. Weber found that the response was proportional to a relative increase in the weight. That is to say, if the weight is 1 kg, an increase of a few grams will not be noticed. Rather, when the mass is increased by a certain factor, an increase in weight is perceived. If the mass is doubled, the threshold is also doubled. 

The relationship between stimulus and perception is logarithmic. This logarithmic relationship means that if a stimulus varies as a geometric progression (i.e. multiplied by a fixed factor), the corresponding perception is altered in an arithmetic progression (i.e. in additive constant amounts). For example, if a stimulus is tripled in strength (i.e., 3 x 1), the corresponding perception may be two times as strong as its original value (i.e., 1 + 1). If the stimulus is again tripled in strength (i.e., 3 x 3 x 1), the corresponding perception will be three times as strong as its original value (i.e., 1 + 1 + 1). Hence, for multiplications in stimulus strength, the strength of perception only adds.

This logarithmic relationship is valid, not just for the sensation of weight, but for other stimuli and our sensory perceptions as well.


Logarithmic scale

A logarithmic scale is a scale used when there is a large range of quantities. Common uses include earthquake strength, sound loudness, light intensity, spreading rates of epidemics, and pH of solutions.

It is based on orders of magnitude, rather than a standard linear scale. The value of each mark on the scale is the value at the previous mark multiplied by a constant.

Logarithmic scales are also used in slide rules for multiplying or dividing numbers by adding or subtracting lengths on the scales.

The logarithmic scale can be helpful when the data cover a large range of values – the logarithm reduces this to a more manageable range. 

Some of our senses operate in a logarithmic fashion (multiplying the actual input strength adds a constant to the perceived signal strength, see: Stevens' power law). That makes logarithmic scales for these input quantities especially appropriate. In particular, our sense of hearing perceives equal "multiples" of frequencies as equal "differences" in pitch.

On most logarithmic scales, "small" multiples (or ratios) of the underlying quantity correspond to "small" (possibly negative) values of the logarithmic measure.

Well-known examples of such scales are:


Some logarithmic scales were designed such that "large" values (or ratios) of the underlying quantity correspond to "small" values of the logarithmic measure. Examples of such scales are:


A logarithmic scale is also a graphical scale on one or both sides of a graph where a number "x" is printed at a distance "c"·log("x") from the point marked with the number 1. A slide rule has logarithmic scales, and nomograms often employ logarithmic scales. On a logarithmic scale an equal difference in order of magnitude is represented by an equal distance. The geometric mean of two numbers is midway between the numbers. 

Logarithmic graph paper, before the advent of computer graphics, was a basic scientific tool. Plots on paper with one log scale can show up exponential laws, and on log-log paper power laws, as straight lines (see semilog graph, log-log graph).

Noodle soup

Noodle soup is a kind of soup. It contains the normal soup stock, together with noodles, and sometimes other ingredients. This kind of soup is very popular in Asia, where it originally came from. There are also many instant soups of this kind.

Some of the varieties are:


Scale (ratio)

The scale of a map shows the ratio between the distances on the map and the corresponding distances in reality. For example, a map of scale 1:50,000 shows a distance of 50,000 cm (or 500 m) as 1 cm on a map. A 1:25 scale model of a building with a height of 30 m has a model height of 1.20 m.

When a drawing or model or photograph of an object is larger or smaller than the original, the scale represents how much the object has been "grown" or "shrunk".
Scale bars for microscopic or unusual objects are necessary. They help readers to understand the diagram.


Scale

Scale could mean:












Scale (map)

A map scale is the size of an object compared to the size of the object's smaller representative on a map. This can be shown by a scale bar and a ratio 1:"n". The reader can measure a distance on the map to know what is the distance on the ground. 

People sometimes speak of a map as one with a "large scale" or "small scale". A "large scale" map makes things look large, and a "small scale" map makes things look small. For example, an island displayed on a 1:10,000 map will appear larger than if it were displayed on a 1:25,000 map. Thus, the former is "large scale". What can be confusing is that for a map of a given physical size, say 11 by 17 inches, a "large scale" map will have a smaller geographic extent than a "small scale" map centred on the same point. 

Maps with a ratio of 1:50 000 or larger (for example, 1:40 000 would be larger) are considered large scale. Maps with a ratio of 1:50 000 to 1:250 000 are considered intermediate scale. Any maps with a smaller scale (for example 1:300 000) are considered small scale. 


Midnight sun

Midnight sun is a phenomenon that exists north of the Arctic Circle and south of the Antarctic Circle. It means that the sun, on parts of the year, is visible the whole night long. The sun above the horizon at midnight in the arctic or Antarctic summer.

There are no people living permanently south of the Antarctic Circle, but in Alaska, Canada, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, and some other countries it is possible to watch the Midnight sun in the summer.

The opposite of the Midnight sun is the Polar night.

Eight Below

Eight Below is a 2006 Walt Disney Pictures movie. It was directed by Frank Marshall and written by David DiGilio. The movie was released on February 17, 2006 in the United States.

Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono

General Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono (born 9 September 1949), is an Indonesian retired military general and politician. He was the sixth President of Indonesia from 2004 to 2014. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is the first president to be elected directly by voters. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono won the presidency on 20 September 2004. He defeated President Megawati Soekarnoputri.

Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was born on 9 September 1949, in Tremas, a village in Arjosari, Pacitan Regency, East Java, to a lower-middle-class family. His father was a Javanese man named Raden Soekotjo (1925 – 4 August 2001), whose lineage can be traced to Hamengkubuwono II, while his mother was a Javanese woman named Siti Habibah (30 June 1932 – 30 August 2019).

He service in military 1973 to 2000, Yudhoyono ended his military career with the rank of lieutenant general, although he would be made honorary general in 2000.

Yudhoyono was appointed mining and energy minister in the cabinet of President Abdurrahman Wahid in 1999. According to General Wiranto, who assisted Wahid in the formation of the Cabinet, he had recommended to the president that Yudhoyono would do better as Army chief of staff. In August 2000, after a Cabinet reshuffle, Yudhoyono became the coordinating minister for politic and security affairs. One of his tasks was to separate the army from politics. This was in line with his reformist ideas on the future of Indonesian military, and is a view he has held since his days in an army policy center.

Yudhoyono's supporters saw Yudhoyono's participation in the vice-presidential election as a sign of his popularity and recognised Yudhoyono's potential as a possible leader for Indonesia. One of these supporters, Vence Rumangkang approached Yudhoyono with the idea of forming a political party to help shore up support for the 2004 presidential elections. Yudhoyono approved of the idea and after going through the basic concepts, left Rumangkang in charge of forming the Party.

From 12 to 19 August 2001, Rumangkang began holding a series of meetings to discuss the formation of the party while holding consultations with Yudhoyono. Yudhoyono personally led the meetings on 19 and 20 August 2001, and the basic outline of the Democratic Party was finalised.

On 9 September 2001, the formation of the party was officially declared and on 10 September it was registered at the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights.

The organizers behind Democratic Party's formation went to extreme lengths to make sure that PD was Yudhoyono's personal political party. The declaration of its formation was 9 September 2001, which was Yudhoyono's birthday and to start off with, the Party had 99 members.

In 2004 presidential election, with 69,266,350 popular vote he replace Megawati Sukarnoputri. He re-elected in 2009 presidential election.


Order of the Garter

The Most Noble Order of the Garter is an English order of chivalry. It was started in 1348, by King Edward III of England. The Order is the highest level of knighthood that can be given by the English monarch. It is the world's oldest national order of knighthood. Membership in the Order is limited to those people who have done many great things for the United Kingdom.
The Order of the Garter is made up of a very small number of people. This group includes the Sovereign (the King or Queen of Britain) and no more than 25 full members. These members are called "Companions". Male companions are called "Knight Companions". Female members are called "Lady Companions". There are also a number of extra members known as "Supernumerary" Knights and Ladies. These members are usually members of the British royal family, and monarchs of other countries. 

The monarch alone can grant membership to the order. He or she is known as the "Sovereign of the Garter", and the Prince of Wales is known as a "Knight Companion of the Garter".

Knights of the Order use the post-nominal letters (KG) and Ladies of the Order (LG). Knights Companion can use the title "Sir" before their first name, and their wives can use the title "Lady" before their surnames. Ladies Companion can use the title "Lady" before their first name, but their husbands cannot use any title.


Knights and Ladies Companion:


Royal Knights and Ladies Companion:


HD DVD

HD DVD, also known as High-Definition DVD, was an optical disc that is able to store large amounts of data, such as high-definition videos. Now, the HD DVD type is now considered dead.
The disc was released in 2006 and fought a format war with rival Blu-ray. On February 19, 2008, Toshiba abandoned the format, announcing it would no longer make HD DVD players and drives. The HD DVD Promotion Group was dissolved on March 28, 2008.



Bruges

Bruges (Dutch: "Brugge") is a city in the northwest of Belgium. 

It is the capital and largest city of West Flanders. In 2007, 116,982 people lived there.

Bruges is at 51° 12 North, 03° 13 East.

It is a centre of tourism because of its historic medieval city centre. The centre was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. It is a center of commerce because of its port, Zeebrugge. The movie "In Bruges" with Colin Farrell, Brendan Gleeson and Ralph Fiennes was made there in 2008.

Immortality

Immortality or eternal life is the idea of something which is alive that will stay alive forever. The opposite of immortality is mortality, which means a living thing can die. Right now, only a small number of living things are known to be immortal. These are mainly simple, lower forms of life like bacteria. Stories about immortal people or animals are popular in fiction and mythology, but not yet possible due to the decline of health as the years pass. 

Many religions say people have an immortal soul with an afterlife. This is not the same as the idea of a physical body that doesn't age. Religious ideas of immortality are of two kinds. One idea is that the soul can exist apart from the dead physical body. Some religions teach that the soul cannot die but will live forever in an "afterlife". Usually, this afterlife includes punishment or reward for the good or evil that the person did. Hinduism and Buddhism teach that the soul will go into a new body as a baby. This is called re-incarnation. 

Religions such as Christianity, Islam and Judaism believe that the body of dead persons will be made to live again for a final judgement. This is called resurrection of the body. Some who believe in this think that the soul is asleep while waiting for the resurrection, while others believe it exists in a conscious condition in a heaven or hell. Jesus told a story of two men. A rich man went to hell when he died, and the poor man went to heaven. The rich man wanted to return to earth to warn his brothers about hell but was told it was impossible. 

Some people have long used magic and science to look for a way to live forever. Others feel that death is what defines all living things, and as a natural part of life, should not be taken away.

Insurance actuaries have calculated that even if everyone were physically immortal, the average life span would still be only be 400 years because of the "accident rate"; eventually, everyone would die of a fatal accident and it would be very unusual to encounter anyone more than 800 years old. Therefore,physical or biological immortality is better termed "indefinite life extension" or anti-aging technology and it would seem that the only practical ways to achieve actual immortality is to upload one's mind into a supercomputer to live in virtual reality, or become a cyborg with a nearly indestructible and invincible body. Futurists such as Ray Kurzweil believe this will become possible about the year 2045 in the technological singularity.

The color amaranth represents immortality in Western civilization, while the color peach represents immortality in Chinese civilization.



European Union budget

The European Union (EU) has an independent parliament and civil service which is distinct from those of the 27 member states. It has to pay for expenditure on common policies throughout the EU. Therefore, the EU has an agreed budget of €862 billion for the period 2007-2013. By comparison, the UK expenditure for 2004 alone was estimated at €759 billion.

The EU has three elements to its government: the Council of Ministers, the European Commission and the European Parliament. All three take a part in setting the annual budget.

The EU obtains most of its revenue indirectly by payments from treasuries of member states. Revenue is divided into three categories.

Traditional own resources are taxes raised on behalf of the EU as a whole, principally import duties on goods brought into the EU. These are collected by the state where import occurs and passed on to the EU. States are allowed to keep a proportion of the revenue to cover administration.

VAT based own resources are taxes on EU citizens as a proportion of Value added tax in each member country. VAT rates and exemptions vary in different countries, so a formula is used to create the 'harmonised tax base'. The starting point for calculations is the total VAT raised in a country.

GNI based own resources currently forms the largest contribution to EU funding. A simple multiplier is applied to the calculated GNI for the country concerned. Revenue is currently capped at 1.24% of GNI for the EU as a whole.

The largest single expenditure item is the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) at around 45% of the total budget. The second largest element is the regional policy, at 30%. Foreign policy consumes 8%, administration 6%, research 5%.


Wittingen

Wittingen is a small town in the north of the district of Gifhorn, Lower Saxony, Germany. It has 12.268 inhabitants (2005). Wittingen's postal codes are 29378 and 29379.

Around Wittingen, there are 26 villages:
Wittingen was first mentioned in a document of 781


Golden Gloves

The Golden Gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the United States. The Golden Gloves is often the term used to refer to the National Golden Gloves competition, but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments, including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the Intercity Golden Gloves, the Chicago Golden Gloves, and the New York Golden Gloves.

The Golden Gloves are open to all non-professional boxers age 16 and over. There is also a Silver Gloves amateur tournament, which is for young amateur male boxers age 8 to 15 years old.

Sonny Liston

Charles L. "Sonny" Liston (May 8, 1932 – December 30, 1970) was an American boxer. He held the world heavyweight championship from 1962 to 1964. He was a boxer who was disliked by much of the public because of his criminal history and rumored association with organized crime characters. Liston served prison sentences for armed robbery and assaulting a police officer. However, he was a skilled boxer and gained a shot at the heavyweight title held by Floyd Patterson. He knocked Patterson out in the first round to gain the title in 1962. He defeated Patterson by another first-round knockout in their rematch in 1963.

He lost the championship to Muhammad Ali (then known as Cassius Clay) when he quit in his corner before the start of the seventh round in their 1964 fight. He was then knocked out in the first round during their second fight, which happened in 1965.

Liston continued to box, but died from a drug overdose in 1970 in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Buckwheat

Buckwheat (or common buckwheat) is a plant whose seeds may be used as a cereal. Buckwheat is not a true grass. It is not related to wheat, because wheat "is" a true grass, and buckwheat is not. 

Buckwheat seeds look like small beech tree seeds. Both seeds have three sides. "Beech" is also called "buck", which is how buckwheat got its name. 

Instead, buckwheat is related to sorrel, knotweed, and rhubarb. Buckwheat is referred to as a "pseudocereal" because its seeds are used in cooking the same as cereals, because they have complex carbohydrates.

The cultivation of buckwheat grain declined sharply in the 20th century with the adoption of nitrogen fertilizer which increased the productivity of other staples.

Kinston Indians

The Kinston Indians were a Minor league baseball team in Kinston, North Carolina. The team played in the Carolina League from (1956–1957, 1962–1974 and 1978–2011). Professional baseball in Kinston started in 1908, and there have been many teams since then. 2007 was the twenty-first season the Kinston team had been known as the Indians. Before that they were known as the Eagles and the Blue Jays. The Indians, or K-Tribe as they were nicknamed, played their home games in Grainger Stadium. The Indians' mascot was a dog named Scout.

The Kinston Indians won their league championship in 1988, 1991, 1995, 2004 and 2006.

For the 2012 season the Indians moved to Zebulon, North Carolina to become the Carolina Mudcats. The team still plays in the Carolina League.


Columbia University

Columbia University (officially Columbia University in the City of New York) is a research university in the United States. It is an Ivy League university and often considered one of the best in the world. It is the fifth oldest college in the United States.

It was ranked 2nd best college in the United States by Times Higher Education in 2017. It was ranked 8th best university in the world by U.S. News & World Report.

The university was founded as "King's College" by royal charter from King George II of Great Britain. It was the first college in New York, and the fifth college in the Thirteen Colonies. A lot of the money that paid for the school came from slavery. After the American Revolution it was renamed "Columbia College" in 1784 and renamed once again to "Columbia University" in 1896 when it moved to its current location in Morningside Heights.

Ninety-Six Nobel Prize winners have been at Columbia, the second most in the United States after Harvard University. Five Founding Fathers attended Columbia: Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, Robert Livingston, Gouverneur Morris and Egbert Benson. Three U.S. Presidents have attended Columbia: Barack Obama, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Theodore Roosevelt. Ten Supreme Court Justices have attended Columbia including the most recent Associate Justice, Neil Gorsuch, and the first Chief Justice, John Jay. Other famous alumni include: Warren Buffett, Madeline Albright, and Lou Gehrig.

Columbia is home to the Pulitzer Prize for good work in journalism, literature and music. FM radio was created at Columbia. The school is where the foundation of modern genetics was discovered. Its Morningside Heights campus was the first North American site where the uranium atom was split.

Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and College of Dental Medicine are in Washington Heights in Northern Manhattan.


Columbian Exchange

The Columbian Exchange, sometimes called the Grand Exchange was the exchange of goods and ideas from Europe, Africa, and Asia and goods and ideas from the Americas. It also spread different diseases. It started in 1492 when Christopher Columbus arrived in the West Indies (North America).

This exchange of plants and animals changed European, American, African, and Asian ways of life. Foods that had never been seen before by .people he is eating my balls.
. For example the chicken sandwich with chicken breast in a salad is delicious to make for lunch for the family or to go on lunch or to make it a day at work for lunch and a lunch at the beach for lunch and then dinner with a salad or a lunch at work for the rest day for the rest week or weekend for dinner for dinner for lunch for the week with you or for a dinner and a lunch and a drink or something to go on with you for the week I have no choice now but I’m going out of my life I just need you guys know that you can come to me if I have no other options and you can always be here if I don’t have a nice evening or a little something that would help us get a lot to me know I have some food or a good food for me I love and you can go and you know what you’re not in my name I have some good luck I don’t want anything I just wanted a little more food food.became a major part of what they ate. For example, before 1492, no potatoes were grown outside of South America. By the 1840s, Ireland was so dependent on the potato that a diseased crop led to the devastating Irish Potato Famine. The first European import to the Americas, the horse, changed the lives of many Native American tribes on the Great Plains, letting them to change to a nomadic lifestyle based on hunting bison on horseback. Italy became famous for its Tomato sauce, made from New World tomatoes, while coffee from Africa and sugarcane from Asia became the main crops of very large Latin American plantations. Also the chili and paprika from South America was introduced in India by the Portuguese and it is today an important part of Indian cuisine.

Before the Columbian Exchange, there were no oranges in Florida, no bananas in Ecuador, no paprika in Hungary, no zucchini in Italy, no pineapples in Hawaii, no rubber trees in Africa, no cattle in Texas, no chili peppers in Thailand and India, no cigarettes in France and no chocolate in Switzerland. Even the dandelion was brought to America by Europeans for use as an herb. 

Before there was regular communication between the two hemispheres, the different types of domesticated animals and diseases were more numerous in the Old World than in the New. This partly led to the horrible effects of Old World diseases on Native American tribes. Smallpox probably caused in the highest death toll for Native Americans. 

Barely any civilization on earth stayed the same by this global ecological exchange.

Ragusa

Ragusa is the capital of the Province of Ragusa in Italy, with 72,808 inhabitants in the city and more than 310,000 in the province area. 


Elliott Carter

Elliott Carter (December 11, 1908 – November 5, 2012) was an American composer. He is one of the most important composers of classical music of his time. He experimented with new ideas of composition. He lived to be 103 years old and continued composing all his life. He recently composed a piece called "Interventions for Piano and Orchestra" which was given its first performance in the Symphony Hall, Boston where it was played by the Boston Symphony Orchestra conducted by James Levine with the pianist Daniel Barenboim as soloist. The same players played it again a week later on December 11, 2008 in the Carnegie Hall, New York to celebrate Carter's 100th birthday.

Elliott Carter was born in New York. The composer Charles Ives noticed his talent and gave him encouragement, taking him to concerts. Carter studied English and music at Harvard University. He then went to Paris to study with Nadia Boulanger, returning to the US in 1935 where he directed the Ballet Caravan.

In 1939 he married. The couple had one son.

He wrote a ballet called "Pocahontas". In 1940 the suite from this ballet got him the Juilliard Publication Award. From then on his got many more important awards and prizes for his music.

Carter has taught music and other related subjects in a number of well-known places including the Peabody Conservatory, Columbia University, Queen’s College, New York, Yale University and the Julliard School. He has received honorary doctorates from many universities and honours from many countries.

He has not written a large number of compositions, but the ones he has written are important works.

He died at his home in New York on November 5, 2012.

When Carter went to study in Paris in the early 1930s Stravinsky was the most famous composer who worked there. Carter was influenced to some extent by Stravinsky’s music as well as by that of his friend Charles Ives, but he worked hard to find a style of his own. Some of his music during the Second World War is quite tonal, but his later music uses more atonality (music not in any key) and has complicated rhythms. His best known works include the "Variations for Orchestra" (1954-5); the "Double Concerto" for harpsichord, piano and two chamber orchestras (1959-61); the "Piano Concerto" (1964-65), written as an 85th birthday present for Igor Stravinsky; the "Concerto for Orchestra" (1969) and "A Symphony of Three Orchestras" (1976).


Dubrovnik

Dubrovnik is a city in Croatia on the Dalmatian coast. More than 500 years ago it was called "Ragusa". The Italian name of the city is still "Ragusa"; this sometimes leads to confusion because there is also a city named Ragusa on Sicily. It is on the Adriatic Sea. About 50,000 people lived there in 2001. Because of its age and unique buildings, the old city of Dubrovnik has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The old city of Ragusa was started by Greeks who left Illirya after their home was invaded in the sixth century. They had been part of the Holy Roman Empire. Ragusa in Dalmatia grew to be an important country on the sea, called the "Republic of Ragusa". This republic lasted until Napoleonic times.

Ragusa was once the only city in Dalmatia with Roman influence not to be controlled by the Republic of Venice. After the Middle Ages more and more Croats and Serbs from inland areas of Bosnia-Herzegovina moved to the area. They had started the neighbouring town of Dubrovnik, which eventually joined Ragusa. The original population (the Dalmatian Italians) was reduced to the few people of the ruling class: in the 19th century nearly all the people living in Ragusa were Slavs (Croats and Serbs). Ragusa officially changed its name to "Dubrovnik" (a Croatian name) after 1918, when the city became part of the newly created country of Yugoslavia.

Today Dubrovnik is one of the main tourist sites in Croatia. Dubrovnik is famous for its Old Town - this is an ancient fortress with large stone walls, which helped Dubrovnik keep its freedom for many centuries. There was a major earthquake in 1667 that destroyed many buildings, but the people living there were able to rebuild the town.

Dubrovnik has been used as a filming location for , where it was used as the city Canto Bight, on the planet Cantonica.




Sichuan pepper

Sichuan pepper (or Szechuan pepper) is a plant fruit which is used as a spice. The outer pods of some species in the genus "Zanthoxylum" are used to make the spice. Many people in Asia grow them for the spice. Although the plants are called "peppers", they are not related to either black pepper or Chili pepper. 

Sichuan pepper is named after Sichuan, China, because it is widely used in food there. It is also used in Tibetan, Bhutani, and Japanese food cultures, among others.

Sichuan pepper has a unique aroma and taste. This taste is quite different from that of black or white pepper or chile pepper. It tastes a little like lemon. It also creates a special feeling in the mouth, a kind of numbness. 

Recipes say that sichuan pepper should be slightly toasted, then crushed, before it is added to food. Only the hull (outer shells) are used in cooking; the seeds are ignored or thrown away. In general, Sichuan pepper is added at the last moment. Star anise and ginger are often used with it.

Sichuan pepper is often featured in spicy Sichuan food. It goes with fish, duck, and chicken dishes, as well as with fried eggplant. It has an alkaline pH and a numbing effect on the lips when eaten in larger doses. "Ma la" (; literally "numb and hot"), a flavour common in Sichuan cooking, is a combination of Sichuan pepper and chili pepper.

It is also available as an oil (marketed as either "Sichuan pepper oil" or "Hwajiaw oil"). In this form it is best used in stir fry noodle dishes without hot spices. The preferred recipe includes ginger oil and brown sugar to be cooked with a base of noodles and vegetables, with rice vinegar and Sichuan pepper oil to be added after cooking.

"Hua jiao yan" is a mixture of salt and Sichuan pepper, roasted and browned in a wok and served as a condiment to accompany chicken, duck and pork dishes. The peppercorns can also be lightly fried in order to make a spicy oil with various uses.

Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices which are important for Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas. This is because few spices can be grown there. One Himalayan specialty is the momo, a dumpling stuffed with vegetables, cottage cheese or minced yak meat, beef or pork and flavoured with Sichuan pepper, garlic, ginger and onion. The noodles are steamed and served dry, together with a fiery sauce. Tibetans believe it can sanitize meat that may not be so fresh. In reality it may only serve to mask foul flavors. 

In Japan the dried and powdered leaves of "Zanthoxylum sansho" are used to make noodle dishes and soups mildly hot and fragrant. The whole leaves, "kinome", are used to flavour vegetables, especially bamboo shoots, and to decorate soups. The buds, seeds, flowers, and hulls are also used.

In Korean food, two species are used: "Z. piperitum" and "Z. schinifolium".

From 1968 to 2005, the United States Food and Drug Administration banned the importation of Sichuan peppercorns because they can carry a plant disease called citrus canker (since the tree is in the same family, Rutaceae, as the genus "Citrus"). This bacterial disease, which is very difficult to control, might harm the foliage and fruit of citrus crops in the U.S. Citrus canker does not harm or affect humans. The import ban was only loosely enforced until 2002. In 2005, the USDA and FDA lifted the ban, as long as the peppercorns are heated to around 70 degrees Celsius (160 degrees Fahrenheit) to kill the canker bacteria before importation. Later, the USDA decided that the heating was not required.


