Kevin Moore (rugby league)

Kevin Moore (born 30 November 1965, in St Johns Lakemba, New South Wales, Australia) is a rugby league coach and former player. He was the head coach for the Bulldogs in the NRL from 2009 to 2011. As a player, he played as a scrum-half.


Roman Čechmánek

Roman Čechmánek (March 2, 1971 in Gottwaldov (now called Zlín), Czechoslovakia – 12 November 2023) was a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender. He died on 12 November 2023, at the age of 52.

His only Olympic appearance was for the Czech Republic in the 1998 Winter Olympics. Backing-up star goaltender Dominik Hašek, Čechmánek's team won the gold medal after defeating Russia in the gold medal deciding match, despite not playing a single game. Czech Republic won in a tight 1–0 game.

His other debuts were in the 2004 and 2007 IHWC also playing for the Czech Republic team.


Jaromír Jágr

Jaromír Jágr ( , born February 15, 1972 in Kladno, Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger, who plays for the Florida Panthers in the National Hockey League (NHL). Jágr formerly played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers, Dallas Stars, Boston Bruins, and the New Jersey Devils. Jágr is currently in the top ten among players in NHL career goals, assists, and points, and is regarded as one of the game's all-time great players.






Spinning jenny

The spinning jenny is a multi-spool spinning wheel. It was invented around 1764 by James Hargreaves (c. 1720 – 22 April 1778) in Stanhill, near Blackburn, Lancashire in the northwest of England. The device meant that there was much less work needed to produce yarn. A single worker could work eight or more spools at once.

The spinning jenny was a huge success due to the fact that it could hold more than one ball of yarn, therefore making more clothing materials in a shorter amount of time while reducing the overall cost.

Thomas Highs (1718–1803) also claimed patents on the spinning jenny, and on other machines for cloth production.



Roman Turek

Roman Turek (born May 21, 1970 in Strakonice, Czechoslovakia — now the Czech Republic) is a professional ice hockey goaltender, who played for the Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues, and Calgary Flames in a 9-year National Hockey League career. Currently he is playing in the Czech Extraliga for HC České Budějovice.




Driveshaft

A driveshaft, drive shaft, driving shaft, propeller shaft, or Cardan shaft is a part of a machine that takes power from the engine or motor to a place where useful work can be done.

Most engines or motors create power as torque by making something rotate. This can be from an internal combustion engine (as in a car), water driving a water wheel, or gas or water going through a turbine. This rotating power is called torque. The load that is turned creates torsion and shear stress. Drive shafts need to be strong enough to take this stress. A light drive shaft will more efficiently move the power to the load, so there needs to be a balance between strength and weight.

Most automobiles today use drive shafts to deliver power from the engine to the wheels. Most cars made today are front wheel drive (the front wheels have the power to move the car). In this case, the drive shafts are between the transaxle and each front wheels.

In rear wheel drive cars, there are drive shafts between the differential and each rear wheel. There is also a drive shaft running the length of the car, from the transmission up front to the differential in the back - in British English this is not called a drive shaft, but a propeller shaft, or prop-shaft, and the drive shafts may be called half shafts (since there are two that make one axle). 

There are different types of drive shafts used in automobiles:

The Slip in Tube Drive shaft is the new type which helps absorb energy in a crash, protecting the people in the car or truck. It is also known as a collapsible drive shaft.

Drive shafts have been used on motorcycles almost as long as there have been motorcycles. Many motorcycles use a simpler chain or belt drive instead, but drive shafts need less care, and have a long life. A problem with using drive shafts on a motorcycle is that gearing is needed to turn the power 90° from the shaft to the rear wheel, losing some power in the process.

Farm tractors use a type of drive shaft called a Power Take-off shaft, or PTO shaft. This is a shaft that comes out the back of the tractor. It can be connected to any farm equipment that needs power from the tractor engine, such as a hay baler or corn chopper. 

The drive shaft can also be used in a bicycle instead of chain-drive. They have been used for the past century, although never becoming very popular. When used on a bicycle, a drive shaft has several advantages and disadvantages:



Power loom

The term power loom, corresponds to a mechanized loom powered by a driveshaft. The first "power loom" was designed in 1784 by Edmund Cartwright and first built in 1785, later to be perfected by William Horrocks. It allowed textile making to be done far faster than if a human had done the same work. By 1850, over 250,000 of Cartwright's designs were used in England. James Henry Northrop invented the automatic "weft replenishment" loom. It revolutionized the weaving industry. Some 700,000 "Northrop" automatic looms were sold worldwide.

Originally, power looms used a shuttle to throw the weft across, but in the early part of the 20th century the faster and more efficient shuttleless loom came into use. Today, advances in technology have produced a variety of looms designed to maximize production for specific types of material. The most common of these are air-jet looms and water-jet looms. Computer-driven looms are now also available to individual home weavers. 

Ahmadiyya

Ahmadiyya (), fully known as Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is an Islamic mahdist movement founded in the 19th Century by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad who claimed to be the Mahdi and Promised Messiah. Ahmad wanted to restore Islam's original message. It was started in Punjab before British Raj was split into the modern day states of India and Pakistan. There are 10-20 million followers of Ahmadiyya in the world. Pakistan is believed to have the largest Ahmadiyya population with 4-5 million followers. 

They believe that upon divine guidance he purged Islam of foreign accretions in belief and practice by championing what is, in their view, Islam's original precepts as practised by Muhammad and the early Muslim community. Ahmadis thus view themselves as leading the propagation and renaissance of Islam.

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies for the Mahdi. In addition to being a Mahdi, he was also called the Mujaddid (divine reformer) of the 14th Islamic century and the promised Messiah. He founded the movement in 1889 and named it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat (Community). His goal was to restore life into Islam.

Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice the Islam that was taught and practised by Muhammad and his followers. In 1914, after the death of Nooruddin, the first successor of Ghulam Ahmad, the movement split into two different groups, over a question of who should become the next Caliph. Both groups still exist today. These movements are the Ahmadiyya Community and the smaller Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement for the Propagation of Islam. The groups have different interpretations of Ahmad's teachings and claims. They also have different opinions on the status of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and his successor, and how this person should be chosen.

The larger faction of the Ahmadiyya Movement, known as the Ahmadiyya Community is active in 190 countries of the world. The international headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Community is currently in London, England. The smaller faction, known as the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement, is active in 17 countries of the world. They are most notable in Germany, Australia and Pakistan. The International Headquarters of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement is in the town of Lahore, Pakistan where the Lahore Movement started. Within Lahore, Pakistan, are the "Ahmadiyya Buildings Lahore" which act as the international administrative base for the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement.

Controversial points include the Ahmadiyya view on the death and return of Jesus and their concept of Jihad. The Ahmadiyya community also has a different interpretation of verse 33:40 of the Qur'an. This verse talks about Muhammad as the Seal of the Prophets. The members of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement do not believe Mirza Ghulam Ahmad was a prophet. They are more close to traditional mainstream Islam. Although mainstream Muslims consider them as heretics. Ahmadis (particularly the International Ahmadiyya Muslim Community) argue that their beliefs are in accordance with Islam. They use arguments from the Qur'an, Hadith and opinion of Islamic jurists and theologians, to challenge the groups calling them non-Muslims.

Ahmadis have translated the Qur'an in all the main languages of the world. They broadcast globally on their 24-hour satellite television channels such as MTA 1, MTA 2, MTA 3, and a recently introduced MTA Africa. Ahmadis have provided teachers, doctors and humanitarian relief workers in many developing countries. The fourth Caliph, Hazrat Mirza Tahir Ahmad helped to promote homeopathy as a system of medicine by training practitioners through a regular TV class and establishing many free dispensaries around the world.

The Ahmadiyyas are regarded as heretics by the orthodox Muslims because Mirza Ghulam Ahmad proclaimed himself the Mahdi of Islam as well as the second coming of Jesus. In addition, Ahmadis also differ on the interpretation of the Finality of Prophethood . Orthodox Muslims consider Muhammad to be the last Prophet. The Ahmadiyya view is that Muhammad was the final law-bearing prophet. 

Most Muslims do not call Ahmadis Muslims, but use the derogative term 'Qadianis' (referring to Qadian, India, the birthplace of Ahmad) and Mirzai (referring to Mirza Ahmad). These terms are used as Ahmadis are considered 'unworthy' of using the name Ahmad, an alternative name for Muhammad.


Paris Métro

The Paris Métro or Métropolitain () is a rapid transit system in Paris, France. The network is mostly underground. It has 19 lines, which together are 225.1 km (139.9 mi) long. There are 304 stations. 17 of these lines are owned by RATP, the state-owned public transport operator in Île-de-France, and 2 by Paris Airport. 

The Paris Métro is a symbol of the city. Notable is its Art Nouveau architecture at the older entrances. It is the second busiest metro system in Europe, after Moscow. It carries 4.16 million passengers a day, and an annual total of 1.52 billion (2015). 

The first line opened on 19 July 1900, during the 1900 World's Fair ("Exposition Universelle"). The system expanded quickly and the core was complete by the 1920s. Extensions into suburbs were built in the 1930s. The network reached saturation after World War II. The Métro introduced newer trains to allow higher traffic, but further improvements have been limited by the design of the network and in particular the short distances between stations. Besides the Métro, Downtown Paris and its urban area are served by a number of other transit systems.


Heroes (TV series)

Heroes is an American television show on the network NBC in the US, BBC 2 in the UK and various other stations worldwide. It is about a group of people who have superpowers. It was shown from 2006-2010.


Eddie Su'a

Eddie Su'a (born 13 January 1983) is an Australian former rugby league player. He played for the Cronulla Sharks in the NRL in 2007. He played as a prop.


String (music)

A string in music is a string made of steel, nylon, or gut which vibrates on string instruments, such as the guitar, harp, piano, or violin. They are usually under tension to help them vibrate.


Peter Sellers

Richard Henry "Peter" Sellers (8 September 1925 – 24 July 1980) was an English actor and comedian best known for his three roles in "Dr. Strangelove", as "Inspector Clouseau" in "The Pink Panther" movies, and as Clare Quilty in the original 1962 screen version of "Lolita".

Boris Johnson

Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson (born 19 June 1964) is a British politician and journalist. He was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and the Leader of the Conservative Party from 23 July 2019 to 5 September 2022. Johnson was the Member of Parliament for Uxbridge and South Ruislip from 2015 to 2023. He represented the constituency of Henley from 2001 to 2008. 

In the 2008 Mayor of London election he was elected as London's second Mayor. He stopped working as mayor to run as an MP for the House of Commons in 2015. In July 2016, Johnson became Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. He resigned this position in July 2018. This was the same day that David Davis resigned as Brexit Secretary. Jeremy Hunt became the Secretary of State for Foreign affairs and Commonwealth Affairs after Johnson. 

Johnson served on the Conservative front bench under Michael Howard for a short time. He was the Shadow Minister for the Arts from April 2004 until November 2004. He became a backbencher again after a sex scandal. Johnson returned to the front bench when David Cameron became leader of the Conservative Party in 2005. Johnson became Shadow Minister for Higher Education. He resigned as editor of "The Spectator" to spend more time on his new role. On 26 August 2014, Johnson said he would stand as Conservative candidate for MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip in the 2015 General Election. He won the election. He did not run for the 2016 London mayoral election. Labour candidate Sadiq Khan became the new London mayor.

Johnson was in support of Brexit during the 2016 membership referendum. The vote decided that the United Kingdom would leave the European Union. Theresa May became the new Prime Minister. She chose Johnson as Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs in July 2016. Johnson left May's cabinet in July 2018 after her Brexit agreements failed.

Johnson became the party leader in the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election. On 20 June, Johnson and Jeremy Hunt became the last two candidates in the election. He became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 24 July 2019. The Conservatives won the 2019 United Kingdom general election on 13 December 2019. Johnson continued as Prime Minister. In early April 2020, Johnson was very sick due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In June 2022, Johnson survived a motion-of-no confidence to remove him as Prime Minister. However a month later on 7 July, after many cabinet members resigned over his handling of the Chris Pincher scandal, Johnson announced his resignation as Prime Minister and was replaced by Liz Truss in September 2022. However a month later, following his Truss's resignation, Johnson was seen as a possible candidate to replace her. He chose not to run again despite expectations.

Boris Johnson was born at Weill Cornell Medical Center in Upper East Side in New York City, New York. He is the eldest of the four children of Stanley Johnson. Stanley is a former Conservative MEP (Member of the European Parliament). He was also an employee of the European Commission and the World Bank. Boris Johnson's mother is the painter Charlotte Fawcett (later Wahl). She is the daughter of Sir James Fawcett, a prominent barrister and the president of the European Commission of Human Rights.

On his father's side Johnson is the great-grandson of Ali Kemal. Kemal was a liberal Turkish journalist and interior minister in the government of Damat Ferid Pasha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire. He was murdered during the Turkish War of Independence. During World War I, Boris's grandfather and great aunt were recognised as British subjects. They took their grandmother's maiden name of Johnson. Johnson has described himself as a "one-man melting pot" because of his cosmopolitan ancestry. His ancestors were Muslims, Jews and Christians if one counts his great-grandparents. His father's maternal (his mother's) grandmother, Marie Louise de Pfeffel, was a descendent of Prince Paul of Württemberg. This was due to the Prince's relationship with a German actress. Johnson is a descendent of King George II of Great Britain through Prince Paul. Johnson is also a descendent of all the previous British royal houses through George's great-great-great grandfather, King James I of England.

Johnson and his family went back to England soon after he was born because his mother needed to take her Oxford finals. Johnson's sister Rachel was born a year later. As a child, Boris Johnson had severe (bad) deafness. He had many operations to have grommets put in his ears. He was reportedly quite quiet as a child. He was educated at the European School in Brussels, Ashdown House and then at Eton College. At Eton, he was a King's Scholar. He read Classics at Balliol College, Oxford. He was a Brackenbury scholar. He was elected President of the Oxford Union at his second try. Radek Sikorski said that Johnson acted as a supporter of the Social Democratic Party to win the Union presidency because the party was popular at the university. Johnson says no, he was only the SDP's preferred candidate. Along with David Cameron he was a member of Oxford's Bullingdon Club. The club is a student dining society known for its raucous feasts.

In 1987 Johnson married Allegra Mostyn-Owen. The marriage lasted less than a year. It was dissolved in 1993. He married the barrister Marina Wheeler later the same year. Wheeler is the daughter of journalist and broadcaster Sir Charles Wheeler and his Sikh Indian wife, Dip Singh. The Wheeler and Johnson families have known each other for many years. Marina Wheeler was at the European School in Brussels at the same time as Boris Johnson. They have two sons—Theodore Apollo (born 1999) and Milo Arthur (born 1995)—and two daughters—Lara Lettice (born 1993) and Cassia Peaches (born 1997).

In 2016 Johnson renounced his American citizenship. He was American because he was born in New York. In 2018, Johnson and Wheeler announced their separation and soon divorced in 2020. He later developed a relationship with Carrie Symonds around the same time he separated from Wheeler. They became engaged in late 2019. Their first son was born on 29 April 2020 in London. His name is Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson. Symonds and Johnson got married in May 2021. They had their second child, a daughter, on 9 December 2021. Her name is Romy Iris Charlotte Johnson. A son, named Frank, was born in July 2023. 

Johnson ran for MP of Clwyd South in the 1997 general election. He lost the election. In 2001, he was elected MP for Henley. He replaced Michael Heseltine. In 2004 he became Shadow Minister for the Arts after Nick Hawkins (the Shadow Home Affairs Spokesman) resigned. Johnson was vice-chairman of the Conservative Party from November 2003. He put an emphasis on campaigning. Johnson was sacked from these high-profile posts in November 2004. He was accused of lying to Michael Howard about a four-year extramarital affair with Petronella Wyatt, "The Spectator"'s New York correspondent and former deputy editor. Johnson said the allegations were not true. He said they were "an inverted pyramid of piffle". However, Howard sacked Johnson because he believed press reports showed Johnson had lied, and not because of the affair itself.

The new Conservative Leader David Cameron made him Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005. Johnson resigned as editor of "The Spectator" soon after this. On 2 April 2006 the "News of the World" said that Johnson had had another extramarital affair. They said the affair was with journalist Anna Fazackerley from the"Times Higher Education Supplement". A video shows him coming out her flat and waving to her in a taxi. In a speech at the University of Exeter concerning student finance, Johson allegedly made funny remarks about his gratitude to the audience for not "raising other issues" during the talk. This may have been a reference to the allegations about the second affair. A report in "The Times" said that Cameron saw the possible affair as a private matter. He said that Johnson would not lose his job over it.

Johnson told the press he may be a Conservative candidate for the London mayoral election in 2008 on 16 July 2007. Reports said he declared that "the opportunity is too great and the prize too wonderful to miss ... the chance to represent London and speak for Londoners". He resigned as Shadow Minister for Higher Education. A public London wide primary gave him 75% of the vote. He was confirmed as the Conservative candidate on 27 September 2007.

On 7 May 2008, Johnson said he wanted to ban (stop) people drinking alcohol on the London transport system. This was meant to start on 1 June. Jeroen Weimar, Transport for London's director of transport policing and enforcement, said this was reasonable. He said people should be more considerate on trains. The ban initially applied on the London Underground, Buses, DLR and Croydon Trams. The London Overground was added later in June 2008. Press releases said that the ban was for "stations across the capital". It did not say if this included National Rail stations - especially the stations not served by the TfL lines on which alcohol is banned.

Thousands of drinkers used the Underground system on the last evening on which alcohol was allowed to mark the event. Six London Underground stations had to close because of the trouble. Drinkers assaulted a number of staff and police. Police made 17 arrests. Drinkers damaged several trains. The trains were withdrawn from service.

Johnson was present at the closing ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He was London's representative to receive the Olympic flag from Guo Jinlong, the Mayor of Beijing. This was to formally announce London as Olympic host city for 2012. The Chinese media said he was "rude, arrogant and disrespectful" for accepting the Olympic flag with one hand, putting his hands in his pockets and not buttoning up his jacket. Later, at a party held at London House in Beijing, Johnson gave a speech in which he declared "ping pong is coming home".

In August 2014, Johnson said that he would run as the Conservative candidate for Uxbridge and South Ruislip at the 2015 general election. He became the party's candidate in September. In the May 2015 general election Johnson won the election. He became MP. Some thought he ran for MP to replace David Cameron as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

In February 2016, Johnson supported Vote Leave for the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. After Johnson said he wanted to leave the European Union, Brexit approval dropped nearly 2% to its lowest level since March 2009. 

On 22 June 2016, Johnson said that 23 June could be "Britain's independence day" in a televised debate in front of a 6000-member audience at Wembley Arena. David Cameron, British Prime Minister at the time, talked about Johnson's claim. He said: "the idea that our country isn't independent is nonsense. This whole debate demonstrates our sovereignty."

David Cameron resigned as Prime Minister after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. Johnson was the favourite to be the new Prime Minister. However, Johnson announced he would not stand in the Conservative leadership election.

Theresa May became leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister. In July 2016, she appointed Johnson Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. Many saw that this appointment made his political power weaker. Barack Obama was critical of Johnson after Johnson made a racist remark to Obama. This was after Obama said he wanted the U.K. to stay in the European Union.

In May 2018, Johnson supported the Iran Nuclear deal. This is something that President Donald Trump did not support. After the Poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in Salisbury, Johnson compared Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler.

Johnson has been accused of sexism, corruption and racism during his political career.

Johnson resigned as Foreign Secretary in July 2018. This was after Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit agreements failed.

On 16 May 2019, Johnson announced his plans to run for Prime Minister and Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. He got through the first round of voting with 114 Conservative MPs voting for him. He later won all future ballots by large numbers. He was part of the final two candidates with Jeremy Hunt on 20 June.

The members' vote closed on 22 July. The result was announced on 23 July. Johnson was elected leader with 92,153 votes (66.4%) to Hunt's 46,656 votes (33.6%). He formally replaced Theresa May as Prime Minister on 24 July after a meeting with the Queen.

On 29 October 2019, Johnson announced that the next general election would happen on 12 December 2019. He wanted the Conservatives to win a majority in parliament to pass a Brexit bill. The election result was a landslide Conservative victory. They won with an overall majority of about 80 seats. The result was the worst for the Labour Party since 1935.

In December 2021, it was revealed that Johnson had held office parties at 10 Downing Street during COVID lockdowns. At first, Johnson denied having parties during the lockdowns.

On 10 January 2022, ITV News reported that a planned party had taken place on 20 May 2020. At the time, people outdoors were not allowed to meet more than one person from outside their household.<ref name="sky12/1/2022"></ref> Two days later, Johnson apologised to MPs in the Commons for "attending an event in the Downing Street garden during the first lockdown". Some conservatives criticized Johnson and wanted him to resign.<ref name="bbc12/1/2022"></ref> A police investigation into the parties were announced. On 12 April, Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking COVID protocols.

On 6 June 2022, Johnson faced a vote of no confidence after at least 54 Conservative MPs sent a letter to remove him from office. He survived the motion to remain Prime Minister by a 59% to 41% margin.

However a month later, many cabinet members resigned as a protest against Johnson's leadership over his handling of the Chris Pincher scandal such as Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak. On 7 July 2022, Johnson announced his resignation as Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader.

On 6 September 2022, he was replaced by Liz Truss.

After Liz Truss announced her resignation as Conservative party leader on 20 October 2022, this caused another leadership election. Johnson was seen as a front-runner to replace Truss and was the third-favourite to win. The next day, he had become the second-favourite with a 35% chance of winning with over 50 MPs supporting him. However, on 23 October, Johnson decided not to run.


Notes

NUbuntu

nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks. The main idea is to keep Ubuntu's ease of use and mix it with popular penetration testing tools. Besides usage for network and server testing, nUbuntu will be made to be a desktop distribution for advanced Linux users. 

nUbuntu uses the light window manager Fluxbox. 

It includes some of the most used security programs for Linux, such as Wireshark, nmap, dSniff, and Ettercap.


Below is a list of previous and current releases.


Prussian blue

Prussian blue, also known as Berlin blue, is a dark blue color that is artificially made.

It is one of the first pigments made synthetically. It was accidentally found in 1704 by two chemists in Berlin.

The dark blue uniforms of the Prussian army were dyed this color.

A color can be shown by hex triplet is a six-digit, three-byte hexadecimal number used in HTML, CSS, and other computing applications. The hex triplet to represent Prussian blue is 003153.

When using the RGB color model where red, green, and blue light are added together, Prussian blue has the RGB code of 0, 49, 83

Prussian blue is a medicine that is sometimes given by doctors to help remove certain radioactive materials from people’s bodies. It has been used this way since the 1960s.

Prussian blue is a chemical compound. One of the chemical elements in this compound is iron. 

Researchers have experimented replacing some of the iron atoms in Prussian blue with cobalt. When the Prussian blue compound is lit with a red light at -150 C, the compound shifts from being non-magnetic (off) to magnetic (on). The magnetic shift does not change back except if deliberately reversed (or undone) with heat.

This magnetism is due to the transfer of an electron from the cobalt to the iron, with light providing the energy, while the electron moves back when heat is applied, the researchers said.

This magnetic property means the compound can be used in computer storage. Because the compound can be turned "on" and "off" in a controlled way, it can remember binary information. Binary information is used for computer storage.

This way of using the compound is still being developed.

It is also used as a machinists dye to check wear patterns.


London Assembly

The London Assembly is an elected body and part of the Greater London Authority that verifies the activities of the Mayor of London. It has the power, with a two-thirds majority, to amend the Mayor's annual budget. The Assembly was established in 2000 and is headquartered at City Hall on the south side of the River Thames. The Assembly is also able to investigate other issues of importance to Londoners, publish its findings and recommendations, and make proposals to the Mayor.

The assembly is elected using proportional representation voting. 

Somali language

Somali () is a Cushitic language. It is spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Yemen and Kenya, as well as by the Somali diaspora around the world -- an estimated total population of between 10 and 16 million speakers.

The writing system of the Somali language has been Latin alphabet since 1960.

During the colonial years under Italy, in the capital Mogadishu was developed a pidgin from the Italian used by many Somalians: the Pidgin Italian of Somalia

Gravy

Gravy is an English sauce made often from the juices that run naturally from meat or vegetables during cooking. It is a smooth, non-chunky liquid. Ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts. Canned gravies are also available. Gravy is commonly served with roasts, meatloaf, rice, and potato dishes. It is very popular because it is used on mashed potatoes sometimes.

B. F. Skinner

Burrhus Frederic Skinner (March 20, 1904 – August 18, 1990) was a leading American psychologist and author.

Skinner was the leading behaviorist in psychology; he built on the work of John B. Watson, and added the idea of operant conditioning. These two American psychologists paid no attention to mental states and 'thinking' (terms they thought were unscientific), but dealt only with visible behaviors. Skinner's work had effects on education (programmed learning) and on behavior therapy for various psychological problems. He was the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology at Harvard University from 1958 until his retirement in 1974, and then Emeritus Professor until 1990.

Skinner was also a social philosopher who wanted to change society, and wrote a eutopian novel, in which the science of human behavior is used to eliminate poverty, sexual oppression, government as we know it, and create a lifestyle without war. He wrote poetry, and three volumes of autobiography.

Skinner was born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania to Grace and William Skinner.
His father was a lawyer. Skinner became an atheist after a liberal Christian teacher tried to assuage his fear of the Hell that his grandmother described.

Skinner attended Harvard University after receiving his B.A. in English literature in 1926. After graduation, he spent a year at his parents' home in Scranton attempting to become a writer of fiction. He tried to become a writer in Greenwich Village. He soon became disillusioned with his literary skills and concluded that he had little world experience and no strong personal perspective from which to write. His encounter with John B. Watson's "Behaviorism" led him into graduate study in psychology and to the development of his own operant behaviorism.

Skinner received a PhD from Harvard in 1931, and remained there as a researcher until 1936. He then taught at the University of Minnesota at Minneapolis and later at Indiana University, where he was chair of the psychology department from 1946–1947. He returned to Harvard in 1948, and stayed there for the rest of his career.

In 1936, Skinner married Yvonne Blue. The couple had two daughters, Julie (m. Vargas) and Deborah (m. Buzan). He died of leukemia on August 18, 1990, and is buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge, Massachusetts.






Falmouth Academy

Falmouth Academy (also known as FA) is a private preparatory school for students from grades 7-12 in Falmouth, Massachusetts on Cape Cod.


Breastfeeding

Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her baby with milk from her breasts. The baby puts its mouth onto their mother's nipple and sucks the milk out of the breast. Breastfeeding is the best food for most babies. Breastfeeding can also reduce the risk for certain health conditions for both babies and mothers. Baby formula is made of cow's milk. Breastmilk is able to help other parts of the baby's body grow. Most women can breastfeed their babies. 

In some situations a woman with AIDS, tuberculosis, drugs or some other sickness will need to talk to their doctor about the good things and bad things of breastfeeding the baby. There are many reasons to breastfeed. Babies that breastfeed have a reduced risk for some diseases. Breastfeeding is less expensive than formula feeding. In both developing and developed countries, breastfeeding and not giving the baby any other drinks leads to fewer deaths from diarrhea. The World Health Organization recommends that

Only 1 in 4 infants are exclusively breastfed by the time they are 6 months old. Low rates of breastfeeding add more than $3 billion a year to medical costs for the mother and child in the United States. Three-quarters (74%) of Black infants are ever breastfed, which is below the national average of 83%. Almost all women can produce enough milk for their babies. The World Health Orgaization recommendations are for babies to be breastfed for at least 2 years.

Breastfeeding lowers the risk of sickness such as: 
Breastfed babies have higher test scores than babies that were given formula.

Breastfeeding is good for the mother. It can prevent:

Breastfeeding also transfers parts of the mother's immune system to the baby helping it fight certain diseases.

Babies who want to breastfeed will move against their mother's breast. The baby will make sucking motions or will put their hands in their mouth. Even if a baby cannot breastfeed directly from the mother, the mother may hand express or pump the milk and give it to the baby later. 

Some mothers may have painful nipples while or after breastfeeding. The main cause of sore or cracked nipples is poor attachment. Nipples may be sensitive or tender as they adjust to breastfeeding. If nipples hurt at every feed, or if nipples start to crack or bleed, many people can help solve the problems. Help can be from a midwife, doctor or breastfeeding supporter. Changing position may help improve breastfeeding pain. 

A mother may express her milk (remove milk from the breasts) for storage and later use. The mother can express milk by hand or with a breast pump. A breast pump will help the milk come out of the breast. There are many different pumps available for this. Expressing milk by hand may feel better for some mothers who have pain when using a breast pump. It can relieve engorgement by taking some milk out of the breasts and help the baby to latch on. Expressing breastmilk encourages milk production early in lactation.

Expressed breast milk can be stored in a cleaned container or in special breast milk storage bags. The breastmilk can be stored in the refrigerator until it is needed. 

Mothers take milk from their breasts for many reasons. Milk taken out of the breast can be fed to the baby at a later time. Breastmilk is good for premature babies. Premature babies may be fed maternal milk through tubes and bottles. Parents considering directed or informal milk sharing should discuss this option with their doctor, and they should be familiar with the donor's medical history and milk-handling practices. The use of informally-shared (unscreened, not pasteurized) milk from an anonymous donor is discouraged by the Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine.

Engorgement is when the breast fills with milk. This can lead to plugged ducts or a breast infection, so it is important to try to prevent it before this happens. Engorgement can also cause:


There are things to do to help with engorgement. As long as the baby is latched onto the breast and sucking well, the baby can feed for as long as they like.

Plugged ducts are painful and common in breastfeeding mothers. A plugged milk duct feels like a sore lump in the breast. A plugged duct happens when a milk duct does not drain right and surrounding tissue gets red. A warm compress on the sore area can help with the pain. 

Most mothers make plenty of milk for their babies. But many mothers worry about having enough milk. Checking the baby's weight and growth is a way to make sure the baby gets enough milk. Other signs that can be monitored to see if the baby is getting enough milk are: 

Many doctors say breastmilk should be the only food for the first six months of the baby's life. Breastfeeding is good even if the baby takes solid food. 

There are three types of breast milk. Colostrum is the first milk produced by the breasts right after birth. It is thick, light yellow full of nutrients the baby needs in the first few hours and days. Transitional milk is made when the breast milk starts to replace colostrum. Mature milk looks thinner than colostrum and it is full of nutrients. Mature milk will continue to change with the baby's needs.

It is rare when a woman should not breastfeed. The doctor may say not to breastfeed. The doctor may tell the mother not to take medicine that can be harmful to babies. If the mother has a sickness like HIV or active tuberculosis she may be told not to breastfeed. Check with the doctor before starting to breastfeed. Talk to the baby's doctor if the baby has a reaction to breast milk. This could be diarrhea, crying, or sleepiness.

Weaning is the time that the baby stops breastfeeding. It is changing a baby's diet from breast milk to other foods. The baby's health care provider can make sure that he or she is ready for weaning. Weaning after one year is effective in helping to prevent many health problems for the baby. Most mothers in the United States wean their babies by by one year old. Breastfeeding can continue past age one. When to wean is a personal decision and will be different for everyone. Each baby may be ready to wean at different ages. Some children will gradually start to show more interest in eating solid foods and less interest in breastfeeding. Others may want to stop breastfeeding more suddenly. 

Weaning over several weeks or more is recommended. As the mother slowly stops breastfeeding, she will stop making breast milk. Weaning gradually can help the baby get used to the new taste of infant formula (for a baby younger than twelve months old) or plain whole cow’s milk or fortified unsweetened soy beverage (for your child 12 months or older). The baby can adjust to drinking from a bottle or cup. Weaning can begin by replacing one breast milk feeding a day with a bottle of infant formula (for your child younger than 12 months old) or with a cup of plain whole cow’s milk or fortified unsweetened soy beverage (for your child 12 months or older). The mother can replace more breast milk feedings over time.

It's rare for babies to wean themselves off the breast. When the baby suddenly refuses to breastfeed it might be what's called a nursing strike. A nursing strike is that something is different for the baby. During this time, a baby can be comforted. Keep offering the breast to the baby. A nursing strike is usually a short time. Before long, the baby will start breastfeeding again. 


Satyajit Ray

Satyajit Ray () (2 May 1921–23 April 1992) was a Bengali Indian movie director. Many people consider him as one of the greatest film-makers of 20th century movie business.
He was born in the city of Kolkata. His Bengali family was prominent in arts and letters. Ray studied at Presidency College and at the Visva-Bharati University. He started his career as a commercial artist. Ray was interested in filmmaking by meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and seeing the Italian movie "Bicycle Thieves" during a visit to London.

Ray directed thirty-seven movies. These include feature movies, documentaries and shorts. Ray's first movie, "Pather Panchali", won eleven international prizes, including "Best Human Document" at Cannes Film Festival. This movie along with "Aparajito" and "Apur Sansar" form the "Apu trilogy". Ray did scripting, casting, scoring, cinematography, art direction, editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material. He was a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, graphic designer and movie critic. Ray won an Academy Award in 1992.

Petrarch

Francesco Petrarca (20 July 1304 – 19 July 1374), known in English as Petrarch, was an Italian scholar, poet, and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists. 

Petrarch is often called the "father of humanism". Based on Petrarch's works, and to a lesser extent those of Dante Alighieri and Giovanni Boccaccio, Pietro Bembo in the 16th century created the model for the modern Italian language. Petrarch is credited with developing the sonnet with his "Canzoniere" to a level of perfection that would be unsurpassed to this day and spreading its use to other European languages. His sonnets were admired and imitated throughout Europe during the Renaissance and became a model for lyrical poetry. Petrarch was also known for being one of the first people to call the Middle Ages the Dark Ages, although the negative myth as we know it today is largely the legacy of romantic literature.


Language planning

Language planning is the attempt to influence how a language is used. This is usually done to make it possible to use the language for more subjects. Goals, objectives and strategies are made to change the way a language is used. For many languages there are special organisations, that look after the language. Examples of such organisations are the Academie Française for French or the British Council for English.

In general, there are different forms of language planning:


For further readings Nahir's work on language planning can be read. 

Johnny Marr

Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher on 31 October 1963) is an English guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player, and singer. Marr was born in Ardwick, Manchester to Irish immigrants. When he was younger, he wanted to be a football player. He rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in The Smiths, where he formed an influential songwriting partnership with Morrissey. In 2013 he was given NME's Godlike Genius award. He released his first solo album, "The Messenger," in 2013.

Years of Refusal

Years of Refusal is the ninth solo album by Morrissey, the former lead singer of The Smiths. The album, distributed by Decca, was released on February 16, 2009 in the United Kingdom and on February 17, 2009 in the United States.

Indus Waters Treaty

The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between the Republic Of India and Islamic Republic Of Pakistan. The treaty was signed in Karachi on September 19, 1960 by the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the then President of Pakistan Field Marshal Mohammad Ayub Khan. The World Bank is a signatory as a third party.

The Indus System of Rivers comprises three Western Rivers - the Indus, the Jhelum and Chenab and three Eastern Rivers - the Sutlej, the Beas and the Ravi; and with minor exceptions, the treaty gives India exclusive use of all of the waters of the Eastern Rivers and their tributaries before the point where the rivers enter Pakistan. Similarly, Pakistan has exclusive use of the Western Rivers. Pakistan also received one-time financial compensation for the loss of water from the Eastern rivers.

The countries agree to exchange data and co-operate in matters related to the treaty. For this purpose, treaty creates the Permanent Indus Commission, with a commissioner who will be appointed by each country.

John Willcock

John Collings Willcock (9 August 1879 – 7 June 1956) was the 15th Premier of Western Australia from 20 August 1936 to 31 July 1945. He was from the Labor Party.

Philip Collier

Philip Collier (21 April 1873 – 18 October 1948) was the 14th Premier of Western Australia from 17 April 1924 to 23 April 1930 and then from 24 April 1933 to 19 August 1936. He was from the Labor Party.

James Mitchell

Sir James Mitchell (27 April 1866 – 26 July 1951) was the 13th Premier of Western Australia from 17 May 1919 to 15 April 1924 and again from 24 April 1930 to 24 April 1933. He was from the Nationalist Party. After he was Premier he became the acting Governor of Western Australia until 1948 when he was made the Governor. He retired as Governor one month before he died. The Mitchell Freeway, one of the major roads in Perth (the capital city of Western Australia), is named after him.

Folie à Deux (album)

Folie à Deux is the fifth studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released through Island Records on December 16, 2008 in the United States. The album title is French for "a madness shared by two." The album reached #8 on the US Billboard 200 album chart with 150,000 sales in its first week, making it Fall Out Boy's third top 10 album in a row. The first single was "I Don't Care" which reached #21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 songs chart. It is certified gold in the US for shipments of 500,000 copies. It got positive reviews by music critics. It is the final album the band made before taking a break.


What a Catch, Donnie

"What A Catch, Donnie" (or for short "What A Catch") is third single released off the album by Fall Out Boy called "Folie à Deux". The single was released October 14, 2008.

Stade de Suisse

The Stade de Suisse Wankdorf is a football stadium in Bern, Switzerland. It is the home stadium of the Berner Sport Club Young Boys (they are often simply called the "BSC Young Boys"), which is a Swiss football team. The Wankdorf is currently the second biggest football stadium in Switzerland. The stadium has seats for 32,000 people. The field is 105 m x 68 m and has got an artificial turf surface. It was one of the venues for the European Football Championship in 2008.

The Stade de Suisse was built in the place where the old Wankdorf Stadium, which was destroyed in 2001, had been. It cost 350 million francs to build the stadium. There are solar panels on the roof. There are many shops in the stadium. The stadium is 2 kilometers away from the city. The stadium was officially opened on July 30, 2005. However, the first game of football was played there on July 16, 2005. In the first game, The BSC Young Boys played against the Olympique Marseille. The BSC Young Boys lost by a score of 2-3. 14,000 people watched the game. The building's official name is "Stade de Suisse, Berne, Wankdorf". Still, most people call it the "Wankdorf". The building has also hosted Hockey games and musical concerts.

The Wankdorf was one of the venues for the European Football Championship in 2008 (often called Euro2008). Three games were played here for the tournament. During Euro2008, the real grass inside the stadium was replaced with fake grass, which is called artificial turf. The stadium's operators removed the artificial turf after the championship.

All the seats are either black or yellow, but there is one red seat in sector A. It is called the "hot seat". The ticket for that seat is often given to former players of Young Boys or famous visitors. The first person who sat in the "hot seat" was the most successful goalkeeper of the BSC Young Boys, Walter Eirich.


Ken Livingstone

Kenneth Robert Livingstone (born 17 June 1945) is a British socialist politician. He has twice held the leading political role in London local government. First, he was leader of the Greater London Council from 1981 until the council was abolished in 1986. Secondly, he was the first Mayor of London, from its creation in 2000 until 2008. He was Labour Party Member of Parliament for Brent East between 1987 and 2001.

He was elected Mayor of London as an Independent candidate after the Labour Party decided not to nominate him as their candidate in the first mayoral elections. In January 2004, he was re-admitted to the Labour Party. As the official Labour Party candidate for Mayor in the June 2004 elections, he won with a total of 828,380 first- and second-preference votes. On 1 May 2008 Livingstone was defeated in his second re-election bid by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson.

Livingstone was born in Lambeth, the son of Ethel Ada (Kennard), a professional dancer, and Robert Moffat Livingstone, who was of Scottish descent and worked as a ship's master in the Merchant Navy. Livingstone has described his parents as "working class Tories".

Livingstone attended Tulse Hill Comprehensive School. He did not pass the eleven-plus examination in 1956 but still managed to obtain a few O-levels. He worked for eight years as a cancer research technician, between 1962 and 1970. He also trained as a teacher, qualifying in 1973, but never taught. Livingstone joined the Labour Party in 1968 at a time when party membership was falling and few new young members were joining, and rose rapidly in the local party. He was elected to the Lambeth Borough Council in May 1971 and served as Vice-Chair of the Housing Committee from 1971 to 1973 (succeeding John Major in the job). In 1973 Livingstone won the Norwood seat on the Greater London Council and served as Vice-Chair of Housing Management in 1974-1975. He was dismissed when he opposed spending cuts urged by council leader Sir Reg Goodwin. He also served on the movie censorship committee and urged the abolition of censorship. Coming up to the Greater London Council Election of 1977, Livingstone realised that it would be difficult to retain his seat and managed to be selected for Hackney North and Stoke Newington, a safe seat, following the retirement of Dr David Pitt, Baron Pitt of Hampstead. He was one of the few left-wing Labour councillors to remain on the council.

Livingstone had been selected as the Labour Parliamentary candidate for the Hampstead constituency. He moved to Camden just before the deadline to stand for the council in 1978, and was elected there. Livingstone's performance in Hampstead in the United Kingdom 1979 general election was good, although he did not come close to winning what was at that time a safe Conservative seat.

He married Christine Pamela Chapman in 1973 and the marriage ended in divorce in 1982. Around that time he became involved with Kate Allen now director of Amnesty International in the UK, but the couple separated in November 2001.

Livingstone and his current partner Emma Beal, also his office manager, have a son, Thomas, born 14 December 2002 and a daughter, Mia, born on 20 March 2004. He also has three other children from previous relationships, whose existence was only publicly revealed during the London mayoral election in 2008. Livingstone is a noted "bon vivant", having twice worked as a food critic for London's "Evening Standard" newspaper and various magazines.

He is known for his enthusiasm for keeping and breeding newts.

Livingstone again stood for Parliament in the 1987 general election, winning a seat in the north-west London constituency of Brent East. He replaced Labour MP Reg Freeson who was deselected in 1985 after a bitter struggle, described as "political 'murder'" in his Guardian obituary, and replaced as Labour candidate by Livingstone.

In his maiden speech to Parliament in July 1987, Livingstone used Parliamentary privilege to raise a number of allegations made by Fred Holroyd, a former MI6 operative in Northern Ireland. Livingstone said that Holroyd had been mistreated when he tried to expose MI5 collusion with loyalist paramilitaries in the 1970s and the part Captain Robert Nairac is alleged to have played. He also voiced Colin Wallace's allegations of MI5 dirty tricks levelled at Harold Wilson.

As a Labour backbencher, Livingstone lost the public platform he possessed as head of the GLC; furthermore, his brand of radical socialism was increasingly out of step with the Labour leadership, which had moved sharply towards the centre under the leadership of Neil Kinnock who now blamed left-wingers like Livingstone for Labour's 'unelectability.' Over the long term, though, it was Livingstone rather than Kinnock who was to achieve electoral success. In September 1987 he was elected to the party's National Executive Committee, although he lost this position two years later; he regained it in 1997 beating Peter Mandelson in what some interpreted as a rebuke to Tony Blair. He was re-elected MP in the general election of 1992, with a 6% swing to Labour in his Brent East constituency. Besides serving in the Commons, Livingstone held a number of other 'odd jobs' during this period, including game show contestant and host, after-dinner speaker, and restaurant reviewer for the "Evening Standard". In 1987 he published an autobiography-cum-political tract, "If Voting Changed Anything They'd Abolish It".

As a politician comfortable in light-hearted and satirical situations, in 1990, Livingstone made the first of seven appearances on the topical panel show "Have I Got News For You". For a long time, his first six appearances would stand as the show's record; his current tally of seven - the last being in 2002 - fall one short of the record for guest appearances currently held by Germaine Greer and Will Self.

In 1995, Livingstone appeared on the track "Ernold Same" by the band Blur, taken from the album "The Great Escape". Livingstone provided spoken word vocals and was listed as 'The Right On Ken Livingstone.'

Livingstone appeared in one of a series of advertisements extolling the virtues of cheese in the 1980s, appropriately endorsing red Leicester. On the other side of politics, Edward Heath advertised Danish Blue. Their respective choices are down to the colour red being associated with the Labour Party, and blue with the Conservative Party.

Livingstone was again re-elected in the 1997 general election, in which Labour was returned to power under the leadership of Tony Blair. Among Labour's proposals was the establishment of a Greater London Authority which was to be a strategic body: unlike the GLC the Greater London Authority would not provide any services to Londoners directly. The new Greater London Authority would be headed by a directly-elected mayor, who would be watched over by a 25-member Assembly.

Livingstone was widely tipped for the new post of Mayor. The mayoral election was scheduled for 2000, and in 1999, Labour began the long and trying process of selecting its candidate. Livingstone was included on Labour's shortlist in November 1999, having pledged that he would not run as an independent if he failed to secure the party's nomination. William Hague, then Leader of the Opposition taunted Blair at Prime Minister's Question Time: "Why not split the job in two, with Frank Dobson as your day mayor and Ken Livingstone as your nightmare?"

Labour chose its official candidate on 20 February 2000. Although Livingstone received a healthy majority of the total votes, he nevertheless lost the nomination to former Secretary of State for Health Frank Dobson, under a controversial system in which votes from sitting Labour MPs and MEPs were weighted more heavily than votes from rank-and-file members. On 6 March, Livingstone announced that he would run against Dobson as an independent, confirming speculation that he would renege on his earlier pledge. He was suspended from the Labour Party the same day and expelled on 4 April. Tony Blair said that Livingstone as mayor would be a "disaster" for London; he later said he was wrong in that prediction.

The result of the election – held on 4 May – was a foregone conclusion: Dobson, who it was alleged, had been pressured into running by the party leadership, unsuccessfully based his campaign on claims that Livingstone was an egomaniac, and the Conservatives remained becalmed after their catastrophic national defeat in 1997. Livingstone came out ahead in the first round of balloting with 38% of first-preference votes to Conservative Steven Norris's 27%; Dobson finished third, with 13% of all first-preference votes – just ahead of Liberal Democrat Susan Kramer, with 12%. Under the modified instant-runoff voting system employed for the election, only the votes cast for Livingstone and Norris were considered in the second round, where Livingstone won with 58% of first- and second-preference votes, versus 42% for Norris.

Livingstone continued to sit in parliament, as an independent having had the Labour whip withdrawn, until standing down at the 2001 General Election.

Livingstone applied for readmittance to the Labour Party in 2002 but was rejected. In November 2003, however, rumours emerged that the Labour Party would allow Livingstone to rejoin, just ahead of the 2004 London mayoral election. Opinion polls consistently gave a poor showing to Labour's official candidate, Nicky Gavron, and many in the party leadership (including Tony Blair himself) feared that Labour would be humiliated by a fourth-place finish. In mid-December, Gavron announced she would stand down as the Labour candidate in favour of a 'unity campaign,' with Gavron as Livingstone's deputy, with Labour's National Executive Committee voting 25-2 to readmit him. The deal hinged on a 'loyalty test' administered by a special five-member NEC panel on 9 January. The panel recommended that he be allowed back in the party. The move towards readmittance came amid considerable opposition from senior party members, including Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown, Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, and former party leader Neil Kinnock. In a ballot of Labour Party members in London, Livingstone was overwhelmingly endorsed as the Labour candidate for the 2004 Mayoral election.

He was re-elected Mayor of London on 10 June 2004. He won 36% of first preference votes to Conservative Steven Norris's 28% and Liberal Democrat Simon Hughes's 15%. Six other candidates shared the remainder of the votes. When all the candidates except Livingstone and Norris were eliminated and the second preferences of those voters who had picked neither Livingstone or Norris as their first choice were counted, Livingstone won with 55% to Norris's 45%.

Livingstone sought re-election in 2008, but was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson on a night that saw the Labour Party suffer its worst electoral defeats for forty years. Once first and second votes were taken into account Johnson had 1,168,738 votes, Livingstone 1,028,966 - a margin of 139, 772 votes or just over 6% of those who voted.

Speaking immediately after the count, Johnson paid public tribute to his defeated rival, praising "the very considerable achievements of the last mayor of London" and describing Livingstone as "a very considerable public servant". Johnson went on to say "You shaped the office of mayor. You gave it national prominence and when London was attacked on 7 July 2005 you spoke for London." Johnson also spoke of Livingstone's "courage and the sheer exuberant nerve with which you stuck it to your enemies" and expressed a desire that the new Conservative administration could "discover a way in which the mayoralty can continue to benefit from your transparent love of London".

Livingstone's greatest challenge as Mayor of London was the city's ageing transportation infrastructure. Despite conflict over appropriate funding schemes and engineering challenges to modernising both the London Underground and the city's bus system, an Association of London Government survey, conducted by MORI towards the end of Livingstone's first term in 2004, suggested growing public satisfaction with public transport, with buses in particular being seen as more frequent and reliable.

In accordance with his pre-election pledge, bus fares were frozen for four years, but then the standard single cash fare on buses more than doubled. Further, and contrary to his pledge during his first election campaign, when he said "only a de-humanised moron would get rid of the Routemaster", Livingstone removed the famous Routemaster buses from routine service on 9 December 2005, because the new buses were wheelchair-accessible, although several of the old buses are used on shortened "heritage routes". There was some question over the legality of using the old Routemaster under the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 as the Routemasters effectively banned wheel chair users.

Livingstone oversaw the introduction of bending articulated buses. These buses have faced criticism for allegedly being fire-prone, dangerous to cyclists, and unable to navigate some winding streets.

Livingstone was a strong proponent of the Oyster card smartcard ticketing system for London's public transport network introduced in 2003. In late 2005, he proposed large fare increases for on-the-spot tickets across the Tube and bus network to encourage regular travellers to use the automated Oyster system to reduce queuing at Underground stations and avoid delays in conductorless buses as drivers issue tickets. The plans, although ratified by the GLA and introduced in January 2006 were condemned by those who argued that the increases would increase the cost of travelling in London to tourists and others who do not travel regularly. Civil liberties groups have expressed concern over the way in which Transport for London is able to track the movements of passengers using the Oyster card system. Livingstone moved to make all bus journeys free for passengers under the age of 18 in full-time education who travel with an Oyster card and introduced initiatives to enable visitors to buy an Oyster card before arriving in London.

One of the key points of conflict between Livingstone and the Labour Party was the proposed 'Public-Private Partnership' for the London Underground. Livingstone had run in 2000 on a policy of financing the improvements to Tube infrastructure by a public bond issue, which had been done in the New York City Subway. However the Mayor did not have power in this area at the time as the Underground operated independently of Transport for London. The PPP deal went ahead in July 2002. Metronet, one of the winners of the contract for PPP, subsequently went into administration in July 2007.

Livingstone introduced the London congestion charge with the purpose of reducing traffic congestion in central London. Its apparent success in reducing congestion has led to similar schemes being proposed in other major cities such as New York. 

In November 2003, Livingstone was named 'Politician of the Year' by the Political Studies Association, which said his scheme was 'bold and imaginative'.

Ken Livingstone has been called “an environmentalist, a leftist, a lover of newts," and has made a significant effort to reduce London’s impact on the environment. He began by creating the London Hydrogen Partnership and the London Energy Partnership in his first term as Mayor of London. The Mayor’s Energy Strategy , “green light to clean power,” commits London to reducing its emissions of carbon dioxide by 20%, relative to the 1990 level, by 2010. However, he did support the Thames Gateway Bridge in East London that Friends of the Earth say "would bring few benefits to the local people and lead to more traffic, more noise and air pollution and an increase in climate-changing emissions". In October 2007, London Councils stated Livingstone had gone back on his promise to help chair the developing London Waste and Recycling Board, and to provide £6 million of funding for the project, because "the government had failed to provide him with absolute control of the Board."

In June 2007, Livingstone criticised a planned £200 million desalination plant at Beckton, which would be the United Kingdom's first, calling it "misguided and a retrograde step in UK environmental policy", and that "we should be encouraging people to use less water, not more."

In 2001 Livingstone set up Britain's first register for same-sex couples; while falling short of legal marriage rights, the register was seen as a "step towards" such rights. Legal status was later passed by the government through the Civil Partnership Act 2004.

After rejecting the idea for a couple of years, Livingstone hosted a Jewish Hanukkah ceremony at City Hall in December 2005. He said he intended this to be an annual occurrence. On 17 March 2002 Livingstone introduced an annual Saint Patrick's Day festival to London to celebrate the contributions of the Irish to London, with around 250,000 people annually turning out for this. On 28 October 2006 he helped organise the first ever ""Eid in the Square"" in Trafalgar Square, in commemoration of the Eid ul-Fitr festival which marks the end of Ramadan, the Muslim month of fasting.

After the 7 July 2005 London bombings Livingstone, from the 117th IOC Session in Singapore, where it had recently been announced London would host the 2012 Olympic Games, delivered a speech.

Finally, I wish to speak directly to those who came to London today to take life. I know that you personally do not fear giving up your own life in order to take others - that is why you are so dangerous. But I know you fear that you may fail in your long-term objective to destroy our free society and I can show you why you will fail. In the days that follow, look at our airports, look at our sea ports and look at our railway stations and, even after your cowardly attack, you will see that people from the rest of Britain, people from around the world will arrive in London to become Londoners and to fulfill their dreams and achieve their potential. They choose to come to London, as so many have come before because they come to be free, they come to live the life they choose, they come to be able to be themselves. They flee you because you tell them how they should live. They do not want that and nothing you do, however many of us you kill, will stop that flight to our city where freedom is strong and where people can live in harmony with one another. Whatever you do, however many you kill, you will fail.

Livingstone defended the police after the mistaken killing of a Brazilian man, Jean Charles de Menezes, who police believed was a suicide bomber.

In 2001 Livingstone revived the free anti-racism Music festival now called . He believes that this, along with other anti-racist policies, is why London has seen a 35% decrease in racist attacks.

In September 2005 Livingstone came out in support of placing a statue of Nelson Mandela, the former President of South Africa, on the north terrace of Trafalgar Square. Livingstone said "There can be no better place than our greatest square to place a statue of Nelson Mandela so that every generation can remind the next of the fight against racism." He was highly critical of the Planning and City Development Committee of Westminster City Council who refused planning permission.

On 23 August 2007 Ken Livingstone formally apologised for London's role in the transatlantic slave trade. In a bicentennial day memorial event, he also called for the 23 August to be named as a national day for remembrance in the UK for the "horrific crime against humanity of the transatlantic slave trade." He went on to make the following tearful speech and formal apology:

"It is because it is the anniversary of the biggest slave revolt in history, that UNESCO officially marks this day, the 23 August, the anniversary of that outbreak in Haiti, as slavery's official remembrance day. This is why we, in London, call for it to be the annual slave memorial day. We are therefore here to initiate London's annual slavery memorial day, and call for the establishment of a national, annual memorial day. In 1999, Liverpool became the first major British slaving city to formally apologise. The Church of England soon followed suit. In March I invited representatives of London's institutions to join the City of Liverpool and the Church of England for formally apologising for London's role in this monstrous crime. As Mayor, I offer an apology on behalf of London and its institutions for their role in the transatlantic slave trade."

Rejecting the idea that it is not possible to "meaningfully apologise for something a former generation did," Livingstone emphasised that London and by implication the rest of the developed world still profited enormously from the assets accumulated in the slave era, adding "It was the racial murder of not just those who were transported but generations of enslaved African men, women and children. To justify this murder and torture black people had to be declared inferior or not human. We live with the consequences today."

In March 2002, while still independent, Livingstone was accused of "cronyism" by some Labour party members in the London Assembly after he had appointed six officials as special advisers at a salary level which seemed to them excessive, and a manoeuvre to help his chances of being re-elected. Livingstone denied the allegations and stated the appointments were a "necessary efficiency drive."

In December 2007, the "Evening Standard" published news of an investigation into grants worth £2.5 million paid to organisations in which Ken Livingstone's adviser Lee Jasper was involved. It is confirmed that some of these grants were paid directly by the mayor's office.

Following Mr. Livingstone’s defeat in the 2008 Mayoral Elections, "The Daily Mail" reported that “Eight 'cronies' of Ken Livingstone are to receive £1.6 million in pay-offs following his defeat in the London mayoral elections.” Mr. Livingstone changed the rules for political appointees who would otherwise not have been eligible for severance packages, which paved the way for the eight City Hall advisors to receive an average of £200,000. Liberal Democrat Leader Dee Doocey stated that the payments were “completely inexcusable” and added that “It seems like there's one law for the ordinary working person and one law for the political class.” Tony Travers, local government expert at the London School of Economics, said: “I think most people will be shocked. You could do quite a lot about knife crime with £1.6 million. It is odd indeed that the full benefits of labour laws designed to protect the vulnerable are being claimed by courtiers who knew they would lose their jobs if their master lost the election.” 
Mr Livinstone refuted the comments by stating that 'It's a question of what the law requires. Either there's a legal responsibility or there is not.'

Ken Livingstone was publicly criticised in February 2005 for remarks made to an "Evening Standard" reporter, comparing him to a Nazi concentration camp guard, after the reporter had tried to interview him following a reception marking the 20th anniversary of Chris Smith's coming out as gay. The reporter, Oliver Finegold, was in fact Jewish and said he took offence at the remarks, but Livingstone refused to withdraw the remark and was subsequently accused of antisemitism. Finegold had an audio recorder running. "The Evening Standard" decided not to run the story at first but the following transcript of the conversation was published by "guardian.co.uk":

The epithet "German war criminal" and Livingstone's subsequent jibes refer to the Standard's owners, the Daily Mail and General Trust, which endorsed Oswald Mosley's Fascists in 1934 and supported Nazism until 1939. Livingstone also claimed the "Standard" was guilty of "harassment of a predominantly lesbian and gay event". Gay rights campaigner Peter Tatchell suggested in the Evening Standard that this explanation "came across as patronising. Gay people don't need the Mayor's protection to fend off a journalist asking simple questions."
After listening to the recording supplied by Finegold, the London Assembly voted unanimously to ask Livingstone to apologise. Livingstone responded by saying "the form of words I have used are right. I have nothing to apologise for." Deputy Mayor Nicky Gavron, herself the daughter of a Holocaust survivor, said of Livingstone: "These were inappropriate words and very offensive, both to the individual and to Jews in London." Some two dozen complaints were referred to the Standards Board for England, the body responsible for English local government standards, which passed it to the Adjudication Panel for England, which has the power to ban individuals from public office for five years.

The Adjudication Panel addressed the case over two days on the 13 & 14 December 2005 and adjourned the hearing for two months. On 24 February 2006, Ken Livingstone was found guilty of bringing his office into disrepute and suspended from office for four weeks, stating that he seemed "to have failed... to have appreciated that his conduct was unacceptable". Livingstone attacked the decision on the grounds that the Adjudication Panel members ought not to suspend a democratically elected official from power, describing their actions as "striking at the heart of democracy". The ban was due to begin on 1 March 2006, but on 28 February, a High Court judge postponed it pending an appeal by Livingstone.

The decision was later quashed by the High Court of Justice when on 5 October, Mr Justice Collins overturned the suspension, regardless of the outcome of Livingstone's appeal concerning the breach of standards. The final judgment upheld Livingstone's appeal and stated that the Adjudication Panel had misdirected itself, although the judge stated that the Mayor should have apologised.

On 7 December 2006, at a City Hall reception marking the launch of the London Jewish Forum, Livingstone apologised for any offence that he had caused the Jewish community.

Criticism of Livingstone by the Evening Standard intensified during the 2008 campaign, with daily front page articles attacking him, under the direction of editor Veronica Wadley who originally urged Johnson to stand and who is closely linked to Tory leadership. According to articles in The Guardian and Time Out London, she is strongly influenced by the need to renew Associated Newspaper's multi-million pound contract to deliver the Metro free paper in London Underground stations in 2010, a decision within the gift of the Mayor.

In 2004 Livingstone said "I just long for the day I wake up and find that the Saudi Royal Family are swinging from lamp-posts and they've got a proper government that represents the people of Saudi Arabia."

In a March 2005 commentary in "The Guardian" he accused Israel's prime minister Ariel Sharon of being a "war criminal", citing his alleged personal responsibility for the Sabra and Shatila massacre in 1982 and accusations of ethnic cleansing. Accusations that Sharon was implicated are frequently made by other organisations and leading politicians including the official Israeli Kahan Commission investigation into the massacres in 1982.

On 20 July 2005, Livingstone made the following comments in a BBC interview about the role of foreign policy as a motivation for the London bombings of two weeks earlier:

"I think you've just had 80 years of western intervention into predominantly Arab lands because of the western need for oil. We've propped up unsavoury governments, we've overthrown ones we didn't consider sympathetic. And I think the particular problem we have at the moment is that in the 1980s ... the Americans recruited and trained Osama Bin Laden, taught him how to kill, to make bombs, and set him off to kill the Russians and drive them out of Afghanistan. They didn't give any thought to the fact that once he'd done that he might turn on his creators. A lot of young people see the double standards, they see what happens in Guantanamo Bay, and they just think that there isn't a just foreign policy."

Later in the interview he stated, about the Palestinians of the West Bank and Gaza Strip:

"Under foreign occupation and denied the right to vote, denied the right to run your own affairs, often denied the right to work for three generations, I suspect that if it had happened here in England, we would have produced a lot of suicide bombers ourselves."

Commentator Mark Steyn described the interview as Livingstone "artfully" attempting "to draw a distinction between Muslim terrorists blowing up his own public transit (which he didn't approve of) and Muslim terrorists blowing up Israeli public transit (which he was inclined to be sympathetic to)."

In November 2003, Livingstone made headlines for referring to US President George W. Bush as 'the greatest threat to life on this planet,' just before Bush's official visit to the UK. Livingstone also organised an alternative 'Peace Reception' at City Hall 'for everybody who is not George Bush,' with anti-war Vietnam veteran Ron Kovic as the guest of honour. In 2004 he referred to Bush as "the most corrupt American president since Harding in the Twenties". In July 2007 Livingstone suggested that Prime Minister Gordon Brown needed to explain to Bush "that US governments need to return to a realistic view of the world. The US is the world's single most powerful country, but much weaker than the rest of the world put together. The attempt by one country to unilaterally impose itself on the rest of the world is not only undesirable but simply won't work."

In February 2007, Ken Livingstone signed a deal with Venezuela to provide cheaper oil for London buses. In return, the Greater London Authority advised Venezuela on recycling, waste management, traffic and reducing carbon emissions. This deal came under criticism from the London Assembly Conservatives including Richard Barnes, who stated that the "money would be better directed at the poor of Venezuela," and journalist Martin Bright, who said that the deal "effectively takes from the poor of Latin America to give to one of the richest cities in the world." Prices were reduced by 20%; following this, half-price bus travel became available to Londoners on income support. Livingstone stated the plan "rises on the suggestion of President Hugo Chávez and builds on the work his government is doing around the world in tackling the problems of poverty," and also said, "This will make it cheaper and easier for people to go about their lives and get the most out of London. The agreement... will also benefit the people of Venezuela, by providing expertise in areas of city management in which London is a world leader."

The deal was stopped by incoming mayor Boris Johnson (effective from September 2008), a decision criticized by Livingstone.

A dispute with the US Embassy in London over payment of the London Congestion Charge escalated on 27 March 2006 when Livingstone criticised the Embassy's decision not to pay. The Embassy argued that the charge is a form of taxation, not a charge for a service, and diplomats and their staff are therefore exempt under the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations. Embassy officials have never paid the charge, which was instituted in 2003. Livingstone, however, alleged that the decision was made by Robert Tuttle, who took up the post of Ambassador in July 2005. Livingstone described Tuttle as "one of George Bush's closest cronies and a big funder of his election campaign" and said he was trying to "skive out of [paying] like some chiselling little crook". The group Liberty and Law reported this remark to the Standards Board for England as a breach of its code, but the board did not investigate it.

Germany stopped paying the charge in 2005, Japan followed in 2006, and in 2007 France, Russia, Belgium, and 50 other embassies stopped when the zone extended to them (Iran, Sweden and Syria continue to pay the charge). Asked about Japan's refusal to pay in a March 2007 interview on LBC Radio, Livingstone responded, "I think there are several problems with Japan that we could go on about here. Admitting their guilt for all the war crimes would be one thing. So if they've not got round to doing that, I doubt they're too worried about the congestion charge." London's Japanese embassy responded that their government had already apologised for previous war crimes.

Livingstone acted as a stand-in presenter on London talk radio station LBC 97.3's Jeni Barnett for a week beginning on 30 June 2008. In July 2008 he announced his intention to run again for the office of Mayor of London at the next mayoral elections and signalled his intent to organise a "progressive alliance" of political parties (such as the Labour Party and the Green Party), trade unions and interest groups to defend the progress which was made during his terms as Mayor and to prepare for the next mayoral elections.

On 28 August 2008, it was announced that Livingstone would be an adviser on urban planning to Caracas, Venezuela. He will act as a consultant on the capital's policing, transport and other municipal issues. As a friend of Hugo Chávez, Livingstone was appointed personally by him to advise officials and mayoral candidates in Caracas, in order to help transform the city, which journalist Rory Carroll described as suffering from, "Gridlocked traffic, a crumbling centre, hillside slums, horrific murder rates, corrupt police and inept local government". Livingstone reckoned that in twenty years a "first-world city" can be made out of Caracas, stating, "I have a very extensive network of contacts both domestically and internationally which I will be calling on to assist in this." No decision on a salary for the ex-mayor had been made, although he mentioned that, "The whole cost of this trip has been paid for by the government of Venezuela and as an unemployed citizen I would not be able to pay for my own fare otherwise." Livingstone played down any accusations that his close relationship with the Venezuelan President was controversial, "unless you believe American propaganda", while a spokesperson for Johnson said, "Ken Livingstone is free, as a private individual, to offer his advice and services to whomever he wants." Livingstone was touted as a key asset for Chávez in the upcoming November elections in the country.


Vatnajökull

Vatnajökull (English: Glacier of Lakes) () is the largest glacier in Iceland. It lies in the south-east of the island, covering more than 8% of the country. 

The average thickness of the ice is 400 m, with a maximum thickness of 1,000 m. Iceland's highest peak, Hvannadalshnúkur (2,110 m), is located at the southern tip of Vatnajökull, near Skaftafell National Park. It is classified as an ice cap glacier.

Vatnajökull has been shrinking for some years now, possibly because of climatic changes and recent volcanic activity. Until 1930 it was growing. 

According to Guinness World Records Vatnajökull is the object of the world's longest sight line, 550 km from Slættaratindur, the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands. GWR state that ""owing to the light bending effects of atmospheric refraction, Vatnajökull (2119m), Iceland, can sometimes be seen from the Faroe Islands, 340 miles (550 km) away"". This may be based on a claimed sighting by a British sailor in 1939. The validity of this record is analysed/undermined in mathematical and atmospheric detail by J.C. de Ferranti 


InterCity 225

The InterCity 225 is an electric train operating in the United Kingdom. Its top speed is 225km/h, hence its name. From 2017, some will be replaced by the British Rail Class 800.

British Rail

British Rail (BR) was the national railway company of Great Britain, from 1948 to 2001. It was created by nationalization under the Transport Act 1947. Britain's railways were returned to private ownership by privatization in 2001.

After the smaller firms were merged in 1923 under the Railways Act 1921, there were four large regional railway companies. The Big Four were the Great Western Railway (GWR), the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS), the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) and the Southern Railway (SR). The Transport Act 1947 made provision for the nationalisation of the network.

The Second World War had caused damage to all the railways. They had lost a large part of their trains, buildings and equipment.

The Transport Act 1947 set out the nationalisation of the rail network, as part of a plan by Clement Attlee's Labour Government to nationalise public transport. The London Underground, some industrial lines and some remaining light railways like Shropshire and Montgomeryshire Railway were again excluded. For a short time, during World War II, the Shropshire and Montgomeryshire Railway line was taken over by the military. After the war the line re-opened to public use in 1946. The Bicester Military Railway had been built by the government in 1941.

The Transport Act 1947 took effect on 1 January 1923. By that date most of the mergers had taken place, some from the previous year. The "Railway Magazine" in its issue of February 1923 dubbed the new companies as "The Big Four of the New Railway Era".

These "Big Four" were:

See also a list of railway companies involved in the 1923 grouping.
The nationalised Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) ran the railways in Northern Ireland from 1948 until 1966. They were then taken over by Translink and called "NI Railways," also known as "Northern Ireland Railways" ().

The government of Northern Ireland and Ireland ran the former Great Northern Railway jointly under a Great Northern Railway Board until 1958. Most of the lines in the west of Northern Ireland were closed in the 1960s.

In 1955, a major modernisation programme costing £1.2 billion was authorised by the government. The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes occur as steam trains were scrapped 1968, in favour of diesel trains and electric trains. One third of the network was closed by the highly critical Beeching report of the 1960s.

A major railway survey in April 1961 was used in the writing of a government report on the future of the network. This report was called "The Reshaping of British Railways". It was published by the British Railways Board (BRB) in March 1963. A third of all passenger trains would be scrapped and more than 4,000 of the 7,000 stations would be closed.

InterCity (or, in the earliest days, the hyphenated Inter-City) was introduced by British Rail in 1966 as a brand-name for its long-haul express passenger services (see British Rail brand names for a full history).

Passenger levels fell steadily from the late 1950s to the late 1970s, but experienced a sharp increase after the introduction of the high-speed Intercity 125 trains in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Between 1934 and 1975 the Northern line ran the Northern City Line as its Highbury Branch. London Underground gave it to British Rail in 1975,

Before the sectorization of BR in 1982 the system was split into regions. Working around London, they were London Midland Region (Marylebone, Euston, St Pancras and Broad Street), Southern Region (Waterloo, Victoria, Chairing Cross, Holborn Viaduct, Cannon Street and London Bridge), Western Region (Paddington) and Eastern Region (King's Cross, Moorgate, Broad Street, Liverpool Street and Fenchurch Street). This was perceived to be a source of inefficiency, so sectorization made the regions into a single organisation covering all commuter services. At the same time InterCity took over express services and Regional Railways took over regional services. The group was originally called "Provincial".

BR built 2537 steam locomotives from 1948 to 1960, some to pre-nationalisation designs and some to its own, new, standard designs. Eventually BR chose to end the use of steam trains in 1968.

The official report known as the "Modernisation Plan" of December 1954 was intended to bring the railway system into the 20th century. The aim was to increase speed, reliability, safety and line capacity, by making the railways more attractive to passengers and freight operators. The important areas were:


Long-distance trains from Marylebone began to be cut back from 1958 after the line was given from BR Midland Western to the BR Midland Region. Then BR Midland Region thought it was an unnecessary rival of their Midland Main Line. By 1960 there were no daytime trains running to destinations north of Nottingham and only a few still ran at night. Many Express services were cut. By 1963, local stopping services beyond Aylesbury were cut. In 1965 freight services were ended. Between 1963 and 1966 only a few remaining long distance services stayed in use. A large part of the former Great Central Railway was closed as part of the 'Beeching axe'. This meant that Marylebone was now used only by local trains to Aylesbury and High Wycombe. After the 1960s, lack of investment meant the station itself became run down.

Some of the early models were of poor quality and design, but many later kinds proved their worth in time.

British Rail Class 127 diesel trains were chosen to operate on the services from Marylebone usually to places such as High Wycombe, Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line (now the London to Aylesbury Line). Strangely, the 115 were under Table 115 in the British Rail timetable. They were similar to British Rail Class 127, but were superior as the class had larger windows, better seats, lights and wall surfaces. Both classes were made in the early 1960s.

The British Rail Class 47 (originally "Brush Type 4") is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction. Their reliable and trusted service lasted well in to the 2000s. Some are still working in 2018.

British Rail gave Class 52 to the class of 74 large diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for the Western Region of British Railways between 1961 and 1964. All were given two-word names, with the first word being "Western", and so the type was nicknamed "Westerns".

The British Rail Class 207 (or 3D) versatile diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh in 1962.

Some of the early models were of poor quality and design, but many later kinds proved their worth in time.

The British Rail Class 423 (or 4Vep) electric multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1967 to 1974. They feature manually opening doors next to every seating row and mostly found working outer suburban services in South London, and rural services in Kent and Sussex, up to replacement in 2005.

The British Rail Class 303 is a type of electric multiple unit. They are also known as "Blue Train" units, since they were originally painted blue all over. They were first used in 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and the Cathcart Circle lines in Strathclyde.

The British Rail Class 73 electro-diesel locomotives are very unusual in that they can operate from a 750 V DC third-rail supply, but also have a diesel engine to allow them to work on non-electrified routes.

The British Rail Class 86 was the standard electric locomotive built during the 1960s. It was made after the repeated testing of the earlier classes like the 81 and 85. The tests led to a much improved loco design.

The British Rail Class 312 is a type of alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU) built in 1966–1974 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services. It was the last class of multiple unit to be constructed to the British Rail Mark 2 body shell, and also the last with slam doors. Their passenger seats were an improvement on former types.

British Rail Class 313 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works from 1976 to 1977, thus the first second-generation EMUs to be constructed for British Rail. They were capable of both drawing power via 25 kV AC overhead, or 750 V DC third-rail. They were the first units in Britain to have fully automatic couplers which allowed both physical coupling and also the connection of control electric and air supplies to be carried out without the driver's need to leave the cab. Their passenger seats were also an improvement on former types.

During the late 1950s, railways continued to worsen, and in 1959 the government acted, limiting the amount the British Transport Commission (BTC) could spend on British Rail.

The government proposed that many services could be provided more cheaply by buses, and said that most abandoned rail services would have their places taken by bus services. Only main lines would be untouched. Many other minor lines would be cut back or scrapped.

The business man Lord Beeching saw South Wales as a failing industrial region. So it lost the majority of its network. Since 1983 it has experienced a major rail revival, with new stations such as Llanharan reopening. Four lines reopened within 20 miles (32 km) of each other: Abercynon–Aberdare, Barry–Bridgend via , Bridgend–Maesteg and the Ebbw Valley Line via Newbridge.

The station at Laurencekirk on the mainline between Arbroath and Aberdeen was shut in 1967, but 42 years later in May 2009 it reopened. Other reopened stations include , and – all closed in the mid-1960s.

Haddenham in Buckinghamshire lost its little-used station in 1963, but a more popular station opened in 1987 as the town grew.

A major part of the report proposed that British Rail electrify some major main lines and the use of containerised freight traffic instead of outdated and uneconomic wagon-load traffic. Some of these plans were eventually adopted, however, such as the creation of the Freightliner concept and further electrification of the West Coast Main Line from Crewe to Glasgow in 1974. Also the staffs' terms and conditions were improved over time.

Since the Beeching cuts of the 1960s, road traffic levels grew heavily in some areas. This has come close to gridlock. Furthermore, in recent years there have been record high levels of passengers on the railways. A modest number of the railway closures have therefore been reversed.

In addition a small but significant number of closed stations have reopened, and passenger services been restored on lines where they had been closed or removed. Many of these were in the urban metropolitan counties and towns where Passenger Transport Executives have a role in promoting local passenger rail use.

A notable reopening was the Robin Hood Line in Nottinghamshire, between Nottingham and Worksop via Mansfield, which reopened in the early 1990s. Before the line reopened, Mansfield had been the largest town in Britain without a railway station.

Profits from the railways began to fall in the early 1980s. In 1983, the civil servant Sir David Serpell wrote what became known as the Serpell Report. He wanted even more cutbacks.

In the early 1980s there was a proposal to close Marylebone and divert British Rail services via High Wycombe into nearby Paddington. There was also a plan to extend the Metropolitan Line to Aylesbury, so London trains via Amersham would be sent to Baker Street. Marylebone station was to be converted into a bus and coach station. London Underground said the Metropolitan Line could not cope with any more trains and was full up. However these plans were deemed stupid and clumsy, and were quietly dropped.

The funding of BR was reduced so they created the cheaper Pacer trains. The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 and 1986. They originally worked around North East England but were later transferred to Wales. It was made out of bus parts put on to lorry chassis and train wheels. Earlier units proved to be unreliable, but later units were of a better design.

The British Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter" diesel multiple units were built from 1987 to 1989 to replace elderly First Generation "Heritage" DMUs (like the Class 127 units) and locomotive-hauled passenger trains.

As funding increased before privatisation the successful British Rail Class 158 "Express Sprinter" was made. It is a type of diesel multiple unit (DMU) train. They were built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works.

On 12 December 1988, three commuter trains crashed, just south-west of Clapham junction station, in London. 35 people died and more than 100 were injured. British Rail's 30-year-old vintage Mark 1 carriages were found out to be dangerous and the broken signalling equipment was fixed and improved.

The British government under John Major said that privatisation would help passenger services, but this did not happen until much later.

The Scottish Assembly Government have re-opened the lines between Hamilton and Larkhall, Alloa and Stirling and is working on a link from Airdrie to Bathgate. The biggest line-reopening project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line.

The Welsh Assembly Government has re-opened the Vale of Glamorgan Line between Barry Bock and Bridgend in 2005. The Ebbw Valley Line reopened between Ebbw Vale and Cardiff in the year 2008. It will later go on to services to Newport in Gwent in 2011. The Barry–Bridgend route was closed after the Beeching report of March 1963. The line's passenger service was officially shut down in June 1964, but freight continued until the late 1990s.

Some English stations like Corby and Mansfield were reopened after privatisation.
Yet more stations were reopened by British Rail in Scotland, England and Wales before privatisation when the railway was run properly.

Train fares cost more than under British Rail.

Regional Railways was one of the three passenger sectors of British Rail. It was created in the year 1982. It finished operation in 1996, two years after privatisation. In the privatisation of British Rail, InterCity trains were divided up into several franchises. The Caledonian Sleeper are transferred to ScotRail, now First ScotRail.

Since privatisation, the number of companies has changed a number of times as rules have changed and the areas covered altered. The companies that took over passenger rail services include:

"Six sub-brands also occurred in the early 2000s:"

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Wales and Borders, now part of Arriva Trains Wales.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Wessex Trains, now part of First Great Western.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Silverlink Metro, now London Overground.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Silverlink County, now part of London Midland.

<nowiki>***</nowiki> West Anglia, now part of National Express East Anglia.

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Great Northern Electrics, now part of National Express East Anglia.

The British Rail "double arrow" logo was said to show direction of travel on a double track railway on a railway map and was nicknamed "the arrow of indecision". It is now employed as a general symbol on street signs in Great Britain, but not in Northern Ireland, denoting railway stations, and as part of the Association of Train Operating Companies (A.T.O.C.)'s joint-managed National Rail brand, still being printed on railway tickets.

Sometimes strikes happened among British Rail staff, over staff pay, safety, working hours and alike. There were several strikes in the late 1970s, but decreased after privatisation. There were also several other strikes in the late 1970s. Other firms like the UK's coal mines also struck at this time.

Cobra

Cobra is a name of a snake. In English it is the common name for various venomous snakes. Most of those species are in the family Elapidae, and most of them can spread their neck ribs to form a flattened, widened hood.

The name "cobra" is short for "cobra de capelo" or "cobra-de-capelo", which is Portuguese for "snake with hood", or "hood-snake".

Cobras usually live in tropical and desert regions of Asia and Africa. When feeling threatened, cobras can tilt back and flatten their heads into their warning posture. The rest of the time their heads are symmetrical and they look much like any other snakes.

Cobra may refer to:

Most so-called, and all "true", species of cobras belong to the family Elapidae

Cape cobra

The Cape cobra ("Naja nivea") is a cobra inhabiting the regions of South Africa. It averages 4 feet (120 cm) long but may grow to be 6 feet (180 cm) long. The color varies from location to location, and those from the Kalahari are normally yellow with brown speck uniformly all over the body.

Kalahari Desert

The Kalahari Desert is a large arid to semi-arid sandy area in southern Kgalagadi Africa extending 900,000 km² (362,500 sq. mi.), covering much of Botswana and parts of Namibia and South Africa. It has huge tracts of excellent grazing after good rains.

The Kalahari Desert is the southern part of Africa, and the geography is a portion of desert and a plateau. The Kalahari supports some animals and plants because most of it is not a true desert. There are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high. The driest areas usually receive of rain per year, and the wettest just a little over .

The surrounding Kalahari Basin covers over 2.5 million km² extending farther into Botswana, Namibia and South Africa, and encroaching into parts of Angola, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The only permanent river, the Okavango, flows into a delta in the northwest, forming marshes that are rich in wildlife. Ancient dry riverbeds—called omuramba—traverse the Central Northern reaches of the Kalahari and provide standing pools of water during the rainy season. Previously havens for wild animals from elephant to giraffe, and for predators such as lion and cheetah, the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots, though leopard or cheetah can still be found.

The Kalahari has a number of game reserves—the Central Kalahari Game Reserve (CKGR, the world's second largest protected area), Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. Animals that live in the region include brown hyenas, lions, meerkats, giraffe, warthogs, jackals and several species of antelope (including the eland, gemsbok, springbok, hartebeest, steenbok, kudu, and duiker), and many species of bird and reptiles. Vegetation in the Kalahari consists mainly of grasses and acacias but there are over 400 identified plant species present (including the wild watermelon or Tsamma melon).

The Bushmen of the Kalahari were hunter/gatherers. They hunted for meat and gathered the food of the desert to eat. They did not keep animals. They moved from place to place to find food and water. They owned very few things because they had to carry everything themselves. Very few people still live this way anywhere in the world.

Botswana

Namibia

South Africa

Silverstein

Silverstein is a Canadian post-hardcore band formed in Ontario, Canada, in 2000. Their name come from a children-book writer, Shel Silverstein.

After the several changes in the band's line up, Billy Hamilton joined the band. He found out about they needed a bass player while online. In the autumn of 2002, the band signed to their record label - Victory Records. They left Victory Records in 2010 and joined Hopeless Records.

In January 2003, their first (debut) album was released. The title was "When Broken Is Easily Fixed".

In 2005, Silverstein performed on the "Never Sleep Again" tour along with fellow emo band Hawthorne Heights. The next year, 2006, they toured on the "Vans Warped" tour. This is an event in the United States taking place in the summertime. The band's second album, "Discovering the Waterfront," has the singles "Discovering the Waterfront" and "Smile in Your Sleep".

Summertime last year, 2007, Silverstein released their third album, "Arrivals and Departures". It includes a single named "Still Dreaming". On MySpace, a social networking site, they posted a new song called "Broken Stars". Singer Shane Told has been trained by a vocal coach named Melissa Cross.

In Spring 2009, Silverstein released their fourth full length album, "Shipwreck in the Sand".

In Spring 2011, Silverstein released their fifth album, "Rescue".

Discovering the Waterfront

Discovering the Waterfront is the second full-length album by the band Silverstein. The album has three singles; "Smile In Your Sleep", "Discovering The Waterfront", and "My Heroine". All of the singles had music videos.

All songs written by Shane Told and Neil Boshart, except for where noted.



Pakistan State Oil

Pakistan State Oil is the oil market leader in Pakistan. The well established infrastructure, built at international standards, representing 82% of the country’s storage, gives it an edge over its competitors.

Mahmud I

Mahmud I (; August 2, 1696 – December 13, 1754) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1730 to 1754. He was the son of Mustafa II (1695–1703). His mother Emetullah Sultan, (born as Evemia) was of Greek ethnic descent. Mahmud I was the older brother of Osman III (1754–57).

Mahmud II

Mahmud II (Ottoman Turkish: محمود ثاني Mahmud-ı sānī) (July 20, 1785 – July 1, 1839) was the 30th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He ruled from 1808 until his death. Mahmud was the son of Sultan Abdul Hamid I. His time as sultan is notable mostly for the major legal and military changes he caused.

Mahmud II was born in Istanbul. He was 23 years old when he came to the throne. He was an Islamic calligraphy artist, composer and poet. He wrote poems under the pseudonym "Adli". He was of a brave, patient and prudent temperament. He replaced the old military organization maintained by the governors of irregular auxiliaries (sekban - I Cedid). When the soldiers shortly after arose, he defeated them. The 1808 revolting insurgents killed Alemdar Mustafa Pasha. 

In 1812 the peace treaty was signed in Bucharest with the Russians. In 1813, with the help of Muhammed Ali Pasha, he defeated the Wahhabis, who desecrated the holy places and shrines in Mecca and Medina. 

In July of 1839 the Sultan Mahmud II died as the ill effects of life experienced by him calamitous events he was afflicted with tuberculosis and died.
His body was buried in the Türbe in Divanyolu.
Mahmud II was devoted to many works of the highest degree in any field.
He opened many new schools, and ordered to build large buildings. 
All the great mosques of Istanbul were repaired in his time. 
The bridge was built in Unkapani his time. 
In Mecca, he had built a madrasa and mend the Great Mosque (Mescid-i Aksa) in the holy city of Jerusalem.
The poet and Sümbülzâde Vehbi Kececizâde Izzet Molla died at this time.

His sons: Abdulmejid I *, * Abdulaziz, 4 Sehzades names Ahmet, Bayezid, veliaht Abdulhamid, Suleyman, 2 Sehzades called Mehmed Murad Nizameddin, Abdullah Osman.
His daughters: Emine Sultan, Sultan Hamide, Hayriye Sultan, Sultan Saw, * Saliha Sultan, Ayse Sultan, Sultan Atike *, 2 Fatma Sultan, Sultan Münire, Mihrimah Sultan *, * Adile Sultan.

Mahmud II (Seljuk sultan)

Mahmud II ("Kabızlık"; died 1131) proclaimed himself the Seljuk sultan of Baghdad in 1118 after the death of Mehmed I (probably Mahmud's father). Mahmud fought against the Seljuk Sultan of Khorasan, Ahmed Sanjar, whom Mehmed I had revolted against in 1105. Mahmud was succeeded by Dawud.

Mahmud of Ghazni

Mahmud of Ghazni, (, ; (2 November 971 – 30 April 1030) commonly known as Mahmud Ghaznavi, was the ruler of the Ghaznavid Empire from 997 until his death. He turned the former provincial city of Ghazni into the rich capital of an extensive empire which included modern-day Afghanistan, most of Iran, and parts of north-west India including modern-day Pakistan. He was also the first ruler to carry the title Sultan, signifying his break from the power of the Islamic Caliph.

Mahmud of Ghazni was known as Yāmīn al-Dawlah Maḥmūd (in full: Yāmīn al-Dawlah Abd al-Qāṣim Maḥmūd ibn Sebük Tegīn). He was the eldest son of Emir Sebüktegin. When he was young, Mahmud helped his father gain land through military campaigns against Turk nobles. In 997, he overthrew his younger brother, Ismail, who had been nominated for the throne after his father’s death. As soon as he had the throne, he went out to conquer territory.

Between 1000 and 1026, he invaded India at least 17 times. He led the first major Muslim army to invade India. His conquest of the entire Punjab including Haryana all the way up to Agra was the last invasion where he increased his territory in India. From then on, most of Mahmud’s raids were to gain wealth. Mahmud's last and most famous raid was on Somnath. This is a temple city on the Gujarati coast that was also a pilgrimage site. The temple had many riches: heavy golden chains and thousands of jewels. The battle was violent, and more than 50,000 people died. Mahmud's army won and plundered the temple of its riches and wealth.

With all his riches, Mahmud founded a university, a library, and a museum, a grand mosque and richened his capital. When Mahmud was about to die, he ordered all of his riches to be placed before him. Mahmud died on 30 April 1030.


Ghor and Muhammad ibn Suri are then captured by Mahmud, made prisoner along with Muhammad ibn Suri's son, and taken to Ghazni, where Muhammad ibn Suri dies.
Appoints Sewakpal to administer the region. Anandapala flees to Kashmir, fort in the hills on the western border of Kashmir. Mehmud attacks the fort but fails to capture it so he destroys every village in Kashmir during his retreat back to Afghanistan. He also defeats an army near Mirpur and captures the area appointing a Muslim governor. He establishes a caravan in the modern day city of Rawalpindi and fully annexes the Pothohar region.




Ghaznavid Empire

The Ghaznavid Empire was a Khorāṣānian Turkic 'persianate' Sunni Muslim state, which existed from 975 to 1187. It was centred in Ghazni, a city in the present Afghanistan, and later Lahore, a city in Punjab, Pakistan. It ruled much of Persia, Transoxania, Pakistan and the northern parts of India. The Ghaznavids are known for laying the foundation of Islamic rule in northern India when they conquered Peshawar and the entire Punjab region including Haryana up to Delhi in the year 1001. Their last outpost of conquest in north India was in Meerut city in Uttar Pradesh. The Ghaznavids relied strongly on Persian language and Persian culture and are therefore classified heavily as a "Persianate" empire.

Mahmud Shah of Malacca

Sultan Mahmud Shah (died 1528) ruled Malacca from 1488 to 1528. He was the son of Sultan Alauddin Riayat Shah.

Mahmud Shah Durrani

Mahmud Shah Durrani (1769 - 1829) was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803, again between 1809 and 1818. He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani and half-brother of his predecessor, Zaman Shah. On July 25, 1801, Zaman Shah was deposed, and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership. He then had a chequered career; he was deposed in 1803, restored in 1809, and finally deposed again in 1818. He died in 1829. Between his two stints, the country was ruled by Shoja Shah, another of his half-brothers.

Durrani Empire

The Durrani Empire (known as the Afghan Empire) was established in 1747 by Ahmad Shah Durrani at Kandahar, Afghanistan. It included the land that is now called Afghanistan, Pakistan, eastern Iran and western India. The Durrani Empire is considered the foundation of the modern state of Afghanistan, with Ahmad Shah Durrani (Ahmad Shah Baba) being the "Father of the nation". 

The Durrani dynasty diminished in the early 19th century when Afghanistan was fighting defensive wars with Persia on one side and British India on the other side. The Barakzai dynasty took over control of the kingdom but lost many of Afghanistan's territories by the end of the 19th century. It became to what is now Afghanistan after the Anglo-Afghan Treaty of 1919 when the state became officially recognized by all the major countries in the world. At first its capital was in Kandahar as that is where the empire started however the capital then shifted to Kabul after its conquest. The empire had two capitals, the main capital Kabul and the winter capital, Peshawar.


Cognitive psychology

Cognitive psychology is a branch of psychology that looks at basic actions of the mind. These are aspects of the higher brain, such as thought, feeling, problem solving, memory, and language. Cognitive psychologists often look at mental changes that happen after a stimulus (things that can be felt by the five senses) and before a behavioral response (what a person does after sensing something).

The general idea of cognitive psychology was surveyed in several 19th century works:

Cognitive psychology had its beginnings in the Gestalt psychology of Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler, and Kurt Koffka, and in the work of Jean Piaget, who came up with a theory of "stages" or "phases" that describe children's cognitive development.



Celâl Bayar

Mahmut Celâl Bayar (16 May 1883 – 22 August 1986) was a Turkish politician, statesman and the third President of Turkey. At the time of his death, he was the longest lived former head of state, living over 103 years (he was surpassed in 2008 by Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum).

Perceptual psychology

Perceptual psychology is a subfield of cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with the pre-conscious innate aspects of the human cognitive system or perception. A pioneer of this field was J. J. Gibson.

Mahmoud Abbas

Mahmoud Abbas () (born 15 November 1935), also known by the Kunya Abu Mazen (), was elected President of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) or State of Palestine on 9 January 2005. He took office on 15 January 2005.

Abbas is a leading politician in Fatah. He served as the first Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority from March to October 2003. He resigned because of a lack of support from Israel and the United States as well as "internal incitement" against his government. Before becoming Prime Minister, Abbas led the Negotiations Affairs Department of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). He has served as Chairman of the PLO Executive Committee since 11 November 2004, after Yasser Arafat's death. Abbas is said to the an example of moderation in Palestine by Israel and the west.

Abbas was born in Safed. As a child, he and his family fled to Syria during the capture of the city by Jewish forces in May 1948.

He graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Damascus and postgraduate studies at the University of Friendship of Peoples. Patrice Lumumba. In 1982 he defended his dissertation at the Moscow branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences on "The Secret Relationship between Nazism and Zionism", the main ideas of which some sources interpreted as Holocaust denial. The director of the institute, EM Primakov, appointed Abbas VI Kiselyov, a specialist in the history of Palestine, as the scientific supervisor. Based on his dissertation, Abbas wrote a monograph, The Other Side: The Secret Relations between the Nazis and the Zionist Leadership.

In the "Relevance of the Topic" section of the dissertation, Abbas notes: "As the overall decline of capitalism deepens, the decline of Zionist ideology becomes more and more apparent Expansionist and racist forms… Exposing reactionary ideology… is considered an urgent matter for the entire anti-imperialist camp… The immediate goal of all modern anti-imperialist forces is to defend the world, denouement, democracy and social progress. Abbas sees his task in this scholarly work in "finding the connection between Zionism and Nazism of the Third Reich" because "Zionism flirted with Nazi Germany, so Zionist officials first established contacts with a regime that defined anti-Semitism as its own official state policy." And then "Zionist favorites та made secret deals with the Nazi government to organize the resettlement of deliberately selected Jewish parties in Palestine… Mossad emissaries were given the right to visit concentration camps by the Nazis со to sort prisoners.

In his dissertation, Abbas exposes other Zionist conspiracies with the Nazis: in order to populate Palestine with Jews, under the so-called Haavar agreement for 1,000 pounds, the Nazis released any Jew who wanted to leave Germany. "And in this the Zionists met with a favorable attitude of the authorities, which sought to cleanse Germany of Jews." Abbas notes "the closeness of the ideological concepts of Zionism and Nazism in terms of national chauvinism and racism." According to Abbas, this "mutually beneficial joint work" lasted for 6 years — from 1933 to 1939.

Two years later, at the Ibn Rashid publishing house in Amman, Jordan, Abbas published his own book in Arabic, The Hidden Relationships of Zionism and Nazism during World War II, an extended version of his dissertation, in which he rejected Zionist fabrications and the mythical heresy of the deaths of 6 million Jews — some of those who died suffered from a joint (Nazi-Zionist) conspiracy. He said: "The exact number of Jews killed in the war was significantly less than 6 million, even less than a million. The task of the Zionists was to increase the number of victims among the Jewish people in order to arouse the sympathy of the international community." In fact, according to him, "only 890 thousand Jews died, and crematorium furnaces were used only for the cremation of the bodies of the inhabitants of our planet who died of disease — to prevent the spread of infection."

Abu Mazen said that saving the Jews for humanitarian purposes was not of interest to the Zionists, and therefore "they did not make the slightest effort to persuade the West to accept Jewish refugees who had fled Nazi hell." He claims that the Zionists thwarted various intentions to support and promote salvation and hid information about the terrible participation of Euro-Jews "so that they would not need to take the necessary, predictable measures." He writes that "the Zionist movement was deliberately provoked against the Jews who lived on Nazi land in order to provoke dislike of the authorities and their group elimination".
There are frequent accusations that Palestinian Authority (PA) officials, including Abbas, have been involved in stealing public money.

During his testimony to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Middle East and South Asia, Elliott Abrams mentioned that "Corruption harms Palestinian finances and makes people lose trust in the entire political system. It has also made potential donors doubtful. I can share from my experience, as an American official seeking financial support for the Palestinian Authority from Gulf Arab countries, that I often heard, 'Why should we give them money when their officials will just take it?'"

In June 2021, many Palestinians protested against corruption and violence within the Abbas administration in central Ramallah, including at the president's headquarters. This came after anti-corruption activist Nizar Banat died while in government custody and a video of PA security forces beating and abducting him went viral online.

In 2023, a poll conducted by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research (PSR) in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip shows that at least 80% palestinians want Abbas to resign.

Abid Hamid Mahmud

Abid Al-Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti ( 21 September 1957 - June 7, 2012) was an Iraqi lieutenant general under Saddam Hussein's deposed regime, and he was Saddam's bodyguard. He was executed on June 7, 2012.

Social psychology

Social psychology is the study in psychology of how people and groups interact. Researchers in this field are often either psychologists or sociologists. All social psychologists use both the individual and the group as their unit of analysis.

Despite their similarity, psychological and sociological researchers tend to differ in their goals, approaches, methods, and terminology. They also favor separate academic journals and professional groups. The greatest period of collaboration between sociologists and psychologists was during the years immediately following World War II. Although there has been increasing isolation and specialization in recent years, some degree of overlap and influence remains between the two disciplines.


Mahmoud El Nokrashy Pasha

Mahmoud Fahmi an-Nukrashi Pasha (1888 - 1948) (Arabic: محمود فهمي النقراشي باشا) was an Egyptian political figure. He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948. He was assassinated by the Muslim Brotherhood while he was Prime Minister.

Neuropsychology

Neuropsychology is the scientific study that studies the function and structure of the brain related to more common psychological processes and overt behaviors. The term has been applied to lesion studies in humans and animals. It has also been applied to efforts to record electrical activity from individual cells (or groups of cells) in higher primates (including some studies of human patients) you can apply to physical exercise.

Abnormal psychology

Abnormal psychology is a part of psychology. People who study abnormal psychology are psychologists. They are scientists that investigate the mind using the scientific method. Different cultures tend to have different ideas of how strange (abnormal) any behaviour is considered. This tends to change over time within cultures, so people that live in a country at one time in history might consider abnormal what people who live in the same country consider normal years before or years later.

Abnormal psychology is often used to understand or to treat people with mental disorders to make life better for them. This is because abnormal behaviour is often defined as when someone is not able to change how they behave to fit different settings. This is often also used to define some mental disorders. When someone cannot change their behaviour to fit the people and situations around them when they need to, it can cause suffering, and the person may be uncomfortable when around people. Their behaviour can be unreasonable and hard to understand. Their behaviour can even be dangerous.

Not everyone with a mental disorder is unable to adjust to their surroundings. People who can change to fit their the environment around them more easily than most people can also have behaviour that is considered abnormal and might also have an easier life with the help of a psychologist.

A supernatural belief is a belief in a force that is beyond scientific understanding. There are a lot of cultures that believe in supernatural events. These cultures include religious cultures, as well as the Ancient Chinese, Ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Ancient Greeks. These cultures have writings that say demons or Gods that would take over a person and act through those people. This was called possession. In the Roman Catholic Church, exorcisms were done to make these demons leave the body of the individuals they possessed. Exorcism involved prayer, noises and potions. People who had abnormal behaviour were often told they were possessed.

In some cultures, trepanation was often used. This was when a hole was made in someone's head to release the "bad spirit".

"Lunatic asylums" were buildings that kept patients that had abnormal behaviour. They became popular with the Madhouse Act of 1774, although they did exist before the Act. Asylums were meant to look after people who could not take care of themselves. But they were known for being cruel and abusive to their patients. The buildings were often dirty and not looked after very well.

During the late 1700s, William Tuke made a religious retreat for patients. This was a turn away from the horrors of mental asylums. Also, in the late 1700s, Philippe Pinel started to encourage better treatment of the mentally insane.

Most of the big asylums were closed in the 20th century because of the invention of antipsychotic medicines. There are still psychiatric hospitals for people with mental illness. This includes Broadmoor Hospital, which houses some of Britain's most dangerous criminals with mental illnesses.

In the 1800s, Dorothea Dix fought against the bad treatment of patients in mental asylums. She started a "mental hygiene" group to encourage politicians to change the treatment of mental patients in the United States. When people became aware of the wrongdoing in mental asylums, money was raised to improve the treatment of patients and the asylums. Dix is thought to have helped to create 32 mental hospitals. By 1940 there were more than 400,000 patients living in mental asylums.

Most treatments were still cruel to patients and were not effective. The asylums were quickly becoming overcrowded. Mary Jane Ward wrote a book in 1946 called "The Snake Pit" that raised awareness of the inhumane treatment of mental patients.

The National Institute of Mental Health was created the same year. The organisation provided training and support for mental patients and workers that cared for them. The Hill-Burton Act was passed to give money to the mental health hospitals.

Later, the Community Health Services Act of 1963 was passed. This law created buildings for patients to live at home rather than in hospitals. Rehabilitation and community care centers were also built under this act.

During the late 1900s, mental asylums were less accepted. The cruel treatment of patients and the overcrowding and ways of living were seen as not needed. Less money was given to asylums. So many closed all around the world. The closing down of mental hospitals was called deinstitutionalization. The movement from asylum to community was meant to help patients' development and recovery. The lack of good support programs meant that patients felt abandoned and found it hard to fit into normal life. This led to many becoming homeless.

In the past there were three ways to explain abnormal behaviour. These were supernatural, biological, and psychological explanations. Western medicine no longer uses supernatural explanations. It uses biological and psychological explanations. Biological explanations use genetics and neuroscience to explain abnormal behaviours. The biological explanation is based on how the brain works and how genes change the way it works. Psychological explanations use how the mind works to explain abnormal behaviours.

Early cultures believed that abnormal behaviour was from demons, spirits and astrology. Trepanation was when a hole was drilled in a person's head. This was done to let the spirits or demons out of the person's head.

Exorcism was practiced mainly by the Catholic Church. Exorcism was believed to ward the spirits out of the person that they possessed.

These practices were normal during the Middle Ages. Abnormal behaviour was thought to be a religious issue rather than a psychological one. Some abnormal behaviour was thought to be witchcraft. People accused of witchcraft were almost always punished. In many cases, the punishment was to be murdered.

The Biological approach to explaining abnormal behaviour assumes that the behaviour can be explained by physical factors. Hippocrates lived during the 5th century and is thought by many to be the father of modern medicine. He did not accept that evil spirits or astronomy were the causes of psychological disorders. Hippocrates believed that there were natural causes for the disorders and appropriate treatments could be found. He focused on the "four humors" of the brain. He believed that the four humours must be balanced for healthy mental states and when one humour was stronger, various disorders would appear. To balance the humors, Hippocrates would tell patients to change their lifestyles. There are now new ideas when talking about the biological explanations of psychological disorders. But, Hippocrates' focus on mental processes and clinical practice was a big change.

Another Greek physician called Galen also took a scientific approach to the causes of psychological disorders. He divided them into physical and mental categories. Among Galen's causes were head injuries, alcohol abuse, and life experiences. During the 18th century, Galen's concepts influenced the medical industry. Galen's focus was on the biological causes for mental disorders.

Psychological explanations for abnormal behavior sometimes take a behavioral approach in which the positive behaviors are reinforced and negative ones are not. This approach is more focused on changing the actual behavior of a person than the cause of it.

Sigmund Freud was one of the most popular psychological theorists of the 20th century. The method he used to study and treat patients was known as psychoanalysis. Methods of hypnosis were used by Freud, but also by Franz Mesmer and physicians in the Nancy School. Freud attempted to have his patients confess their deepest, truest emotions, which was referred to as a catharsis. He would have his patients speak freely about themselves, in free association. He would conduct dream analysis where patients would record and discuss their dreams. Freud's work led to other great psychoanalytic theorists such as Carl Jung, Alfred Adler, and Harry Stack Sullivan. Wilhelm Wundt and William James were credited for opening up the first experimental psychology laboratories. This led to many studies and psychological methods, such as classical conditioning led by Ivan Pavlov and John B. Skinner, while Edward Thorndike and B. F. Skinner were the leaders of the study of operant conditioning.

The North American reference book used by psychiatrists and psychologists to diagnose and treat psychological disorders is known as the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). It is produced by the American Psychiatric Association. The version released in May of 2013 and is known as the DSM-5. The DSM is relied upon by clinicians, health insurance companies, medicine companies, and the legal system as a reference for understanding and identifying mental disorders. The DSM divides mental disorders into groups and provides descriptive signs and symptoms that define each disorder. In addition, it lists statistics for each disorder ranging from its frequency in the general population to the most effective form of treatment

Before diagnosing an individual with a "specific" mental disorder, a professional must first determine whether that individual does in fact suffer from a mental disorder. The DSM defines a mental disorder as a condition that:


When using the DSM, a complete psychiatric diagnosis is split up into five dimensions, called "axes", that relate to different characteristics of disability or disorder:


The separate axes of the DSM are often linked together in the development of mental disorders.

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD) was created by the World Health Organization and is the universal diagnostic system for mental disorders. The ICD is approved by health officials from 193 WHO member countries, and is available for free on the internet. Its purpose is to help countries reduce the problems associated with mental disorders. The coding system used in the DSM is designed to be compatible with the system used in the ICD; however, some codes may not match because the two publications get revised at different times. The ICD-10 was made public in 1994; its most recent update occurred in 2010. Chapter 5 of the ICD-10 covers over 300 mental and behavioral disorders which are divided into the following categories:


"The Online ICD-10 can be found in its entirety here"

Psychoanalysis is a form of therapy based on psychoanalytic theory. This theory states that human behavior is controlled by unconscious forces such as instinct and that there is no such thing as free will. Many ideas found in the theory can be traced back to Sigmund Freud. Freud believed mental disorders are a result of repressed memories and emotions from childhood; psychoanalysis is designed to search for these hidden memories and emotions and bring them to the patient's attention. Techniques such as hypnosis are used to tap into the unconscious mind with the hopes that the source of the disturbance is found. Freud also believed dreams had hidden meanings, and often asked patients to record their dreams for analysis. Because of the lack of scientific evidence supporting most Freudian ideas, psychoanalysis is rarely used by clinical psychologists and has been replaced by more effective forms of therapy.

Behavior therapy is based on the theory of behaviorism, which states that all human behavior is a result of a stimulus and reinforcement. Famous behaviorists include James Watson, B.F. Skinner, and Joseph Wolpe. The goal of this therapy is to increase one's positive or socially reinforcing behavior. Behavior therapy can be broken down into three areas:

Humanistic therapy is a method taken from Carl Rogers, which aims to focus on a client as a human rather than the problem that they have. A therapist can adjust the environment and mood of a session in a way that mimics normal conversation. This often helps the patient realize the issues they have, and share them with the therapist more successfully than in a traditional counseling session. Humanistic therapy creates an effective means of getting to the source of a problem and treating it properly.

Roger's own term was "client-centered therapy", which has the idea that the therapist is helping the client to become a genuine psychological adult.

John B. Watson

John Broadus Watson (January 9, 1878 – September 25, 1958) was an American psychologist. He established the psychological school of behaviorism, after doing research on animal behavior. This school was extremely influential in the middle of the 20th century, when B.F. Skinner developed it further.

Watson was forced to resign his chair at Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, because his affair with a graduate student became a public scandal. After this, Watson worked for many years for J. Walter Thompson, a leading American advertising agency. He is credited with popularizing the "coffee break" during an ad campaign for Maxwell House coffee.

Watson founded behaviorism in the spring of 1913 with his paper "Psychology as the behaviorist views it". In this article, Watson outlined the major features of his new philosophy of psychology, called "behaviorism". The first paragraph of the article concisely described his position:
Psychology as the behaviorist views it is a purely objective experimental branch of natural science. Its theoretical goal is the prediction and control of behavior. Introspection forms no essential part of its methods, nor is the scientific value of its data dependent upon the readiness with which they lend themselves to interpretation in terms of consciousness. The behaviorist, in his efforts to get a unitary scheme of animal response, recognizes no dividing line between man and brute. The behavior of man, with all of its refinement and complexity, forms only a part of the behaviorist's total scheme of investigation.
In 1913, Watson viewed Ivan Pavlov's conditioned reflex as primarily a physiological mechanism controlling glandular secretions. He had already rejected Edward Thorndike's "Law of Effect" (a precursor to B.F. Skinner's principle of reinforcement) because of what Watson believed were 'unnecessary subjective elements'. The article is also notable for its strong defense of the objective scientific status of applied psychology, which at the time was considered to be much inferior to the established experimental psychology.

With his behaviorism, Watson put the emphasis on external behavior of people and their reactions on given situations, rather than the internal, mental state of those people. In his opinion, the analysis of behaviors and reactions was the only objective method to get insight in the human actions. This outlook was thought to be extreme or radical behaviorism.

Watson wrote the book "Psychological care of infant and child" in 1928, with help from his mistress, turned wife, Rosalie Rayner. Rosalie later entitled a self-penned article "I am a mother of behaviorist sons". In the book, Watson explained that behaviorists were starting to believe psychological care and analysis was required for infants and children.

His slogan was "not more babies but better brought up babies". Watson argued for the nurture side of the nature-nurture debate, claiming that the world would benefit from extinguishing pregnancies for twenty years while enough data was gathered to ensure an efficient child-rearing process. Watsons’ description of a "happy child" was rather detached. It included ideas such as that the child can occupy himself through his problem-solving abilities, should only cry when in physical pain, and that the child stray from asking questions. Behavior analysis of child development as a field may have begun with the writings of Watson.

Watson carried out controversial science experiments known as the "Little Albert experiments"; in these experiments, Watson studied fear in infants.

Watson's views and life have been the subject of a number of works.


Indian English

Indian English or South Asian English is several dialects or varieties of English. It is spoken mainly in India, and by first-generation members of the Indian diaspora.

The dialect evolved during and after the British colonial rule of India. English is the co-official language of India, with about 90 million speakers, but with fewer than quarter of a million calling it a first language.

In 19th century India, Britain first faced the need to teach English to a body of people who were important to Britain.
There were a number of schools which taught and used English in India. They were mostly run by missionaries. Many taught European and Eurasian children and orphans. The products of these schools provided the first generation of teachers.

Ivan Pavlov

Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (14 September 1849 – 27 February 1936) was a Russian physiologist, psychologist, and physician.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1904 for research about the digestive system. Pavlov is widely known for first describing classical conditioning.

The son of a priest, and a theology student, Pavlov turned to science after being influenced by progressive ideas. He took natural sciences at the University of St Petersburg, and got a doctorate in 1878.

In the 1890s, Pavlov was investigating the gastric function of dogs by externalizing a salivary gland so he could collect, measure, and analyze the saliva and what response it had to food under different conditions. He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths, and set out to investigate this "psychic secretion", as he called it. Pavlov performed and directed experiments on digestion, eventually publishing "The work of the digestive glands" in 1897, after 12 years of research. His experiments earned him the 1904 Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine.

The concept for which Pavlov is famous is the "conditioned reflex" he developed with his assistant Ivan Tolochinov in 1901.

As Pavlov's work became known in the West, particularly through the writings of John B. Watson, the idea of "conditioning" as an automatic form of learning became a key concept in the developing specialism of comparative psychology, and the general approach to psychology called behaviourism.

The British philosopher Bertrand Russell was an enthusiastic advocate of the importance of Pavlov's work for philosophy of mind.

Pavlov's research on conditional reflexes greatly influenced not only science, but also popular culture. The phrase "Pavlov's dog" is often used to describe someone who merely reacts to a situation rather than using critical thinking. Pavlovian conditioning was a major theme in Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, "Brave New World", and also to a large degree in Thomas Pynchon's "Gravity's Rainbow".

It is popularly believed that Pavlov always signalled the food by ringing a bell. However, his writings also record the use of many stimuli, including electric shocks, whistles, metronomes, tuning forks, and a range of visual stimuli. Catania did not believe Pavlov ever actually used a bell in his famous experiments. Littman tentatively attributed the popular imagery to Pavlov’s contemporaries Vladimir Bekhterev and John B. Watson, until Thomas found several references that clearly said Pavlov did, indeed, use a bell.

It is less widely known that Pavlov's experiments on the conditional reflex included children, some of whom apparently underwent surgical procedures, similar to the dogs, for the collection of saliva.

Hamilton College

Hamilton College is a private, independent, liberal arts college in Clinton, New York. In 2007, U.S. News & World Report ranked Hamilton the 17th best liberal arts college in the United States.
The college is known for its emphasis on writing and speaking. The school was founded in 1793, chartered as Hamilton College in 1812, and has been coeducational since 1978, when it merged with Kirkland College.

Starting in 1996 "the Sacerdote Great Names Series" has brought some of the most sought after speakers to campus for presentations. While most of these have been in the form of speeches, they have also included concerts by B. B. King and Aretha Franklin.

To date the speakers that have been part of this series are:



Jon Stewart

Jon Stewart (born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz; November 28, 1962), is an American comedian, actor, writer, and producer. He is best known as the host of Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" and for his political satire. Stewart started as a stand-up comedian, but later branched out to television, hosting "Short Attention Span Theater" for Comedy Central. He went on to host his own show on MTV, called "The Jon Stewart Show" and then hosted another show on MTV called You Wrote It, You Watch It.” Stewart is Jewish.

In 2014, Stewart directed his first movie, a drama about Iran called “Rosewater.”

Quagga

The Quagga ("Equus quagga quagga"), also Cape Quagga, is a recently extinct zebra.

It was one of the six subspecies of plains zebra. It was a yellowish-brown zebra with stripes only on its head, neck and forebody, and looks similar to an Okapi. The Quagga was native to dry grassy plains in the south of the African continent. It was found as far north as the Orange River. It is believed to have separated from other plains zebras between 120,000 and 290,000 years ago. The name "Quagga" comes from the noise that they made. (kwa-ka-ka) (qua-ga-ga).

The Quagga was hunted for food, for their skin and also because farmers did not want it to eat the grass they needed for their sheep and goats. The last wild Quaggas died during a drought in 1878. The last captive Quagga died in the Amsterdam Zoo on 12 August 1883. Her body is now in a museum. There are 23 Quagga specimens in museums, seven skeletons, and some skulls and other bones.

A foundation in Africa is trying to bring Quaggas back to life by taking zebras that have very light stripes and breeding them. They began in 1987 and the first Quagga foal was born in 2005.

Przewalski's horse

Przewalski's horse ("Equus przewalskii" or "E. ferus przewalskii"), the Mongolian wild horse, is a close relative of the domestic horse. The two are the only equids that can cross-breed and produce fertile offspring. Przewalski's horse is a rare and endangered subspecies of the wild horse, "Equus ferus". It is native to the steppes of central Asia, especially Mongolia.

At one time extinct in the wild, it has been reintroduced to its native habitat in Mongolia from stock in zoos. It is now in several nature reserves and national parks. As of 2002, the world population of these horses was about 1,000.

Most "wild" horses today, such as the American mustang or the Australian brumby, are feral horses descended from domesticated animals which escaped and adapted to life in the wild. In contrast, Przewalski's horse has never been successfully domesticated, and remains a truly wild animal today.

Przewalski's horse is one of three known subspecies of "Equus ferus", the others being the domesticated horse, "Equus ferus caballus" and the extinct tarpan, "Equus ferus ferus". Przewalski's horse is the only remaining truly wild "horse" in the world. There are still a number of other wild equines, including three species of zebra and various subspecies of the African wild ass, onager (including the Mongolian wild ass) and kiang.

Although Przewalski's horse can hybridize with domestic horses to produce fertile offspring, it has an extra pair of chromosomes.

According to ISIS, about 480 Przewalski's were reported in captivity.

Nation state

The nation state is a form of state that rules mainly one nation. The state is a political entity (the government, etc.); the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity. The term "nation state" means that both are on the same territory, which distinguishes the nation state from the other types of states that have existed.

Clear examples of nation states include:
In Europe, in the 18th century, the classic non-national states were empires of many ethnicities, (Austria-Hungary, the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, the French Empire and the British Empire).





Joseph McCarthy

Joseph Raymond McCarthy (November 14, 1908 – May 2, 1957) was an American politician. He was a Republican U.S. Senator from the state of Wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957. Beginning in 1950, McCarthy became the most visible public face of a period of intense anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the Cold War.

He made Americans aware that there were large numbers of Communists and Soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government and elsewhere. The term "McCarthyism," coined in 1950 in reference to McCarthy's practices, was soon applied to similar anti-communist pursuits.

During World War II he was a captain in the United States Marine Corps.

McCarthy died of hepatitis at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.


 

Poet laureate

A poet laureate is a poet officially appointed by the government of a country. He or she is responsible for writing poems for special occasions in that country, for example a coronation or military victory.

The first official Poet Laureate was Ben Jonson in 1619. There are also Poets Laureate in the United States, Canada, and New Zealand.

The Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom is Carol Ann Duffy. She was appointed Poet Laureate on 1 May 2009 to take the place of Andrew Motion. She is the first British woman Poet Laureate.


List of emperors of Japan

The list of emperors of Japan presents the traditional order of succession. Records of the reigns of the emperors of Japan were compiled according to the traditional Japanese calendar, and these traditional dates have been converted into the Western calendar format.


Katy Perry

Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. She has released six studio albums and two EPs. 

In 2001, she released a Christian album named after herself, "Katy Hudson". In November 2007, Perry released the music video for her first single, "Ur So Gay". She has a mezzo-soprano vocal range. She has earned nine number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100, five of which are from one album (she became the first female artist to achieve this record). Perry has also been nominated for 11 Grammy Awards.

Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson was born on October 25, 1984 at Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara, California, to Maurice Hudson and Mary Hudson ("née" Perry), both pastors. She has an older sister, Angela, and a younger brother, David, who is also a musician. Perry has said that her upbringing was "sheltered" and that an example of this was that her family did not eat Lucky Charms cereal because her parents thought that luck was something that came from the devil. She also called deviled eggs "angeled eggs" growing up.

Then known as Katy Hudson, she released a Christian album named after herself. It had the single "Search Me". She was discovered by Glen Ballard, who is known for his work with musician Alanis Morissette. This album did not perform well, and she was dropped from her record label, Red Hill, when the label was shut down. She struggled for six years before eventually signing with her current label, Capitol Records.

After changing her last name to Perry (her mother's maiden name) so that she allegedly would not be confused with actress Kate Hudson, Katy released an EP album called "Ur So Gay". This song has been criticized and labeled homophobic. On June 17, 2008, Perry released her first pop album called "One of the Boys" with singles including "I Kissed a Girl" (her first number-one hit), "Hot N Cold", and "One of the Boys".

She co-wrote the single "I Do Not Hook Up" for singer Kelly Clarkson (the first winner of "American Idol"), along with the song "Rock God" for singer-actress Selena Gomez.

Katy perry record the album at the end of September of 2009 Perry's third album, "Teenage Dream", was released in August 2010 and included the singles "California Gurls", "Teenage Dream", and "Firework". She is the only female artist to get 5 number-one singles from one album on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Along with the album's first three singles reaching the top, "E.T." featuring Kanye West and "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" also hit number one. The only other artist to get 5 number-one songs from one album is Michael Jackson, with "Bad". She was inspired by her then-engagement to British comedian and actor Russell Brand.

At the Grammy Awards in 2012, Perry performed a new song, "Part of Me", that was released as the lead single from the re-release of "Teenage Dream", called "Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection". The song entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her seventh US number-one hit. The next single, "Wide Awake", reached number two in the US and topped the Canadian Hot 100.

In July 2012, Perry released the concert film/biopic "Part of Me in 3D". The movie shows her early life through the "Teenage Dream" era and her rise to fame.

On November 30, 2012, Perry went to the 2012 Billboard Women in Music event. She was given the Woman of the Year Award there.

In 2012 Katy perry began the recording of her album In August 2013, Killer Queen, Perry's third fragrance, was released.

Perry collaborated with fellow American pop star Britney Spears to write the song "Passenger" for Spears' eighth studio album, "Britney Jean".

Perry's fourth album, "Prism", was released on October 18, 2013. It reached number one in 83 countries. The first single from the album, "Roar", was number one in Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Ireland, Israel, Lebanon, New Zealand, Scotland, South Korea, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Perry performed the song at the 2013 American Music Awards.

On November 10, 2013, she performed the album's second single, "Unconditionally", at the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards.

On December 5, 2013, Perry's single "Roar" was nominated for the 2014 Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. She performed at The GRAMMY Nominations Concert Live!

On May 7, 2014, Perry began the Prismatic World Tour in support of her fourth studio album, "Prism".

The album's third single, "Dark Horse", featuring rapper Juicy J, became Perry's ninth number-one single in the United States. It was the second-best performing single of 2014 there.

In 2016, she released the single "Rise" in support of the Rio Olympics. Two music videos were released: one with an Olympic theme and one which depicts Perry with a red parachute. The song reached number one in Australia and the top twenty in the US and Canada.

In 2015 - 2016 the signer was on hiatus for a little while in 1 1/2 years On February 10, 2017, Perry released the single "Chained to the Rhythm", which reached the top five in many countries worldwide, including the US, UK, and Canada. It features the grandson of Bob Marley, Skip Marley, and was co-written by Australian singer-songwriter Sia. Two months later, the single "Bon Appétit" was made available for download. The hip-hop group Migos is featured on this song. "Swish Swish" (featuring) rapper Nicki Minaj) and "Hey Hey Hey" were released as the album's third and fourth singles, respectively. "Swish Swish" became certified platinum in the US.

In May 2017, Perry announced that her fifth studio album would be released on June 9 and is called "Witness". She also announced "Witness: The Tour", a concert tour that began in North America in September 2017.

During the weekend of the release of "Witness", Perry partnered with YouTube and held a 96-hour livestream event called "Witness World Wide". In the stream, Perry was recorded over four days throughout her daily life in a house she rented in Los Angeles. She held segments which featured celebrities, like British talk show host James Corden, "Huffington Post" founder Arianna Huffington, and YouTuber Gigi Gorgeous. Perry could also be seen crying in a therapy session. She claimed she got rid of her long, dark hair in favor of a new, short and blonde hairdo at a time where she questioned whether she still wanted her fame and did not "want to be Katy Perry anymore." The livestream gained over 49 million views on YouTube. In 2018, Perry became a judge in American Idol, a job she had previously refused.

In February 2019, Perry released her first single of the year, titled "365", with DJ Zedd. 365 was followed up with the singles "Never Really Over" on May 31, "Small Talk" on August 9, and "Harleys in Hawaii" on October 16. She also appeared in Taylor Swift's music video for "You Need to Calm Down".

In March 2020, Perry released the single “Never Worn White”. The single "Daisies" was released on May 15 as the lead single from her upcoming sixth studio album, "Smile". "Never Really Over" and "Harleys in Hawaii" are also included on the album. Perry revealed that the album would be released on August 14 but was pushed back two weeks to August 28 because of production delays.

Perry is a mezzo-soprano with a three octave vocal range. Her voice has been misclassified and starting debates since her debut album. Perry's chest-dominant mix leads people to believe that she has a ‘weightier’ voice than she actually does. Her tessitura is not sky high, but her complete discomfort down low and ease (at least for her technique) in the upper 5th octave means she must be a soprano.

Perry married British comedian and actor Russell Brand on October 23, 2010. However, the two divorced in December 2011. She previously dated Gym Class Heroes lead singer Travie McCoy. She began dating actor Orlando Bloom in 2016. In 2019 the pair announced their engagement.

Her daughter, Daisy Dove Bloom was born on August 27, 2020. This is Perry's first child and Bloom's second.



One of the Boys

One of the Boys is the first album by pop singer Katy Perry. Four singles were released from it. The album's first single "I Kissed a Girl" was no.1. 


I Kissed a Girl

"I Kissed a Girl" is the first single by pop singer Katy Perry from her album "One of the Boys" (2008), produced by Dr. Luke. On June 26, 2008, the song topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, becoming the 1000th chart-topper of the Rock Era. The song has since become a major worldwide hit, and along with the United States it has topped the charts in more than 20 countries, including Canada, Sweden, Australia, United Kingdom, New Zealand, Italy, Germany, and Ireland.

Perry said the song is "about the magical beauty of a woman." Perry told "Steppin' Out" magazine: "'I Kissed a Girl' was inspired when I opened up a magazine and I saw a picture of Scarlett Johansson ... I was with my boyfriend at the time, and I said to him, 'I'm not going to lie: If Scarlett Johansson walked into the room and wanted to make out with me, I would make out with her. I hope you’re okay with that?'"

A music video for the song was released on May 16, 2008, on Perry's personal website and on MySpace. The video was directed by Kinga Burza and features a Moulin Rouge and burlesque-type setting with scenes containing Katy, along with many other flamboyantly-dressed women, including Ke$ha, dancing to the song. Eventually she wakes up next to a male companion. Despite the song's title, there is not any depiction of same-sex kissing. Katy features her real life friend and DJ, Mia Moretti and her main gay, Markus Molinari's dog Bella in the video. Even her cat, Kitty Purry, makes an appearance. 

The video made its television debut on June 12 on TRL with the visit and interview by Perry in set show. And on June 24, 2008 it became #1 on TRL. The video obtained high airplay on this music video channel, as well as on VH1. It debuted at #20 on VH1's VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown on June 28, 2008. On June 30, 2008 the video was premiered on MTV Latin America. On July 6, 2008, it rose to #4 on VH1's VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown. The video received five nominations for the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, including Best Female Video and Best New Artist. The video has had over 24 million views on YouTube. Due to the video and the songs popularity around the world, there are several videos on YouTube which imitate and mock the song such as "I Kissed a Pig" and "I Kissed a Dog", both of which use the same tune and similar lyrics, while the videos use similar scenes to the original.

"I Kissed a Girl" has drawn mixed reviews from critics. "Blogcritics Magazine" called it "an instantly catchy number," and About.com said, "fueled by an instrumental wallop provided courtesy of producer Dr. Luke, 'I Kissed a Girl' is the perfect breakthrough."

However, Rolling Stone, while giving her album 2/5 stars, despite describing the song as a "New Wave-y club single," says the supposedly rebellious "attention-grabbing" lyrics are "a vanilla recounting of her chick-on-chick exploits" and that this "acting out" is "just to get a dude's attention." AllMusic praises "the stomping Gary Glitter beat" before criticizing the producers for turning it "into a leaden stumble and burying Perry's voice underneath Pro Tools overdubs so it all winds up as a faceless wash of sound designed to be placed in TV shows, movie trailers, and malls."

Sal Cinquemani of "Slant Magazine" wrote, Perry's "lead single 'I Kissed a Girl' features a throbbing beat and an infectious, bi-curious hook, but its self-satisfied, in-your-face posturing rings phony in comparison to the expertly constructed ambiguities of 'Justify My Love' or practically anything in the first decade of Ani DiFranco's catalogue; it's like a tween version of DiFranco's tortured bisexual confession 'Light of Some Kind.'" "Hiponline.com" wrote that the song is "not nearly as interesting or exciting as you’d expect. It’s not even half as good as Jill Sobule’s song 'I Kissed a Girl'.” "Glitterati Gossip" agrees Sobule's song "was ten times better, because there was actual emotional content to her lyrics."

The song was premiered on BBC Radio 1 in the UK on July 21, 2008 on The Scott Mills Show. It was praised by many fans on their text lines and was made his record of the week. On July 23, 2008, "I Kissed a Girl" was added to the station's C-List, "The Playlist," being, "where most songs on daytime Radio 1 are selected from". The song has since made it to the station's more popular A-list. 

Previous to its debut on Radio 1, it had been (and continues to be) on the playlist of some of the UK radio stations which are part of The One Network for a number of weeks. In addition it had received at least one play a week on BBC Radio 2 on its Saturday evening America’s Greatest Hits show hosted by Paul Gambaccini due to the song’s number status in the Billboard chart.

The song gained a significant amount of controversy after its rise in popularity due to its perceived promotion of bisexuality and promiscuity. While community members and parents may be concerned over "the coarseness of the sexual behavior," including its public nature and intoxicated state, they may or, such as Unitarian minister Debra W. Haffner, may not be concerned over "the sex or gender of the person she's talking about."

While Haffner, who holds a degree in public health, believes Perry "obviously is using the whole issue of sexual orientation in a positive way, raising awareness, or she's doing it because it gets attention," AllMusic concludes that, "the problem is not with Katy's gender-bending, it's that her heart isn't in it; she's just using it to get her places, so she sinks to crass, craven depths." "Slant Magazine" agrees, saying, the song, "isn't problematic because it promotes homosexuality, but because its appropriation of the gay lifestyle exists for the sole purpose of garnering attention—both from Perry's boyfriend and her audience."

Adam Holz of "PluggedinOnline", a division of Focus on the Family, wrote an article entitled "A Tale of Two Katys" about the singer's image transformation from a Contemporary Christian Music artiste to one of the "girls gone wild". He criticizes the song for being the latest, "high-profile message to young women and men that our sexuality is a malleable commodity that can be reshaped at will." Holz also argues that Perry's message carries with it, "no need to worry about who might get used or objectified in the process," causing Katy to live, "down to a damaging, demeaning stereotype."

In some areas of the world the song's bi-curious lyrics have kept it from reaching the Top 40 or to even be released at all. Though the "Toronto Star", of Canada, describes it as "a lesbian-friendly tune," whether anti-gay bias fuels negative reactions to the song or the song itself appears to divide critics. While "Slant" and other critics suggest that Perry may be homophobic, especially given her single "Ur So Gay", which makes "I Kissed a Girl" seem like "a classic example of the 'Guys kissing is gross, girls kissing is hot' line of thought" "The Star Ledger" quotes a listener who proposes that negative reactions to the song are due to homophobia, saying that it would not draw disapproval if sung by a male artist, and who compares the level of explicitness in the lyrics with other songs on the radio such as rap lyrics. "MomLogic.com" writer Vuv-A-Licious agrees, asking, "'What's the big deal?'...When this tune is playing and my son and daughter are dancing, I will be trying to dance along, or trying to acknowledge that they may one day dance to the beat of a different drummer than me."

During her Washington concert at Warped Tour, Perry actually did kiss a girl from the audience.

In an August 2008 interview with the "Daily Mail", Perry's mother, Mary Hudson, who is an evangelical Christian preacher, was reported as saying that she disliked the song, stating: "It clearly promotes homosexuality and its message is shameful and disgusting..." However, Perry took to her official blog stating that her mother's supposed comments were completely fabricated, while also saying her parents love and support her and attend many of her shows.

Regarding the question of her own sexuality that the song has raised, Perry told Santa Barbara magazine (which featured her on the cover), "I like to kiss boys, but there is no doubt in my mind if Angelina Jolie or Gisele Bündchen came a callin', who wouldn't pucker up?"




"I Kissed a Girl" debuted at number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After a couple of weeks, the single hit the top 5, due to the rising digital downloads and increasing radio airplay. It continued to rise the next week, reaching #2 just behind her labelmate, Coldplay. The following week, the song reached the summit of the US chart, becoming the 1000th #1 song of the rock era (the 961st #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100). In addition the song also gave the Capitol label two consecutive Hot 100 #1's, as the week's prior #1 was fellow Capitol artist Coldplay's "Viva la Vida", making it the first time since 1976 Capitol has had two back to back chart toppers on the Hot 100. The single also crossed over to Billboard's sister publication R&R's Rhythmic chart in its July 5 issue, where not only did she have the highest debut ever for a non-rhythmic track, entering at number 26 with 1,065 spins, she also had the highest debut from a new artist in over five years. The bow is the best for a debut track at Rhythmic since Beyoncé entered at No. 21 with "Crazy in Love" in 2003. It also became the first song since Gnarls Barkley's "Crazy" to simultaneously appear on the Mainstream Top 40, Rhythmic, Adult Top 40 and Alternative charts. On July 26, 2008, the track also made history by reaching the number one spot on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart by three weeks, a first for a solo act with a debut single. The song topped the Hot 100 for seven weeks in a row before finally being dethroned by Rihanna's "Disturbia". It is the second longest running number one on the Hot 100 of 2008 so far, with only Flo Rida's "Low" topping the chart for longer. The single has sold more than 2,500,000 downloads in the United States to date.

In Canada, the single debuted at #55 at Canadian Hot 100. On June 12th the song soared to #1, jumping 26 spots from #27 position. Also on the Canadian iTunes Top 100, the song remained at #1 for over 6 weeks, until rapidly being pushed to #4 on August 7, 2008, behind Lady GaGa's "Just Dance", the Jonas Brothers' "A Little Bit Longer" and Rihanna's "Disturbia". 
In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 38, the single's first appearance in other countries chart outside North America, moving to number three the following week. The song was certified Gold after seven weeks with sales of over 7,500. On August 11, eight weeks after debuting on the chart, "I Kissed A Girl" finally made it to number one.
In Australia, the song debuted at #11 on the 30th of June on downloads alone, then the next week jumped to second position behind Jordin Sparks, still on downloads alone. The next week it jumped to number one still solely off downloads, becoming only the second single to do so. Ironically, by the time the song went number 1, this was the time when World Youth Day 2008 had started and the event held anti-gay views. On 21st July, 2008, after the singles physical release, the track retained its number one position and was certified Gold. The single has held the number one position since and has gone on to be certified Platinum.

In the United Kingdom, a cover version released by the artist Nicki Bliss was climbing up the UK iTunes Chart. It debuted on the UK Singles Chart (published 3 August 2008) at position number 50.

A second cover version, by Barnicle, entered the UK Singles Chart (published 3 August 2008) at position #116.

Because of the success of the cover versions, the official release of Katy Perry's version was brought forward from September 1 to July 30, 2008. On August 3, 2008, the song, which had entered the UK Singles Chart at number 139 the week before, climbed 135 places to reach position number 4. The song has become one of the most requested on Radio 1's request hour. The following week it climbed 3 places to reach number 1. The following week it stayed at the top spot for a second consecutive week and then went on to spend 5 consecutive weeks at #1.

Even parodies of "I Kissed a Girl" are seeing chart success. Robert Lund's spoof "I Peed in the Pool" reached #1 on Dr. Demento's August 2008 comedy music countdown. Including the MADtv parody, "I'll Kiss a Girl" featuring Nicole Parker as Ellen DeGeneres and fellow cast member Arden Myrin as Portia de Rossi, by Ellen saying that she's been kissing girls since the 9th grade.

Hot N Cold

"Hot N Cold" is a single by pop singer Katy Perry. The song is from the album "One of the Boys". The single was released on September 30, 2008.

The song reached number one in Canada, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, and Belgium (Wallonia). It climbed to the top three in the US and the top five in the UK, Australia, and New Zealand.

If I Were a Boy

"If I Were a Boy" is a song by American singer Beyoncé, written by Toby Gad, BC Jean and Beyoncé Knowles for her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008).

The music video for "If I Were a Boy" was directed by Jake Nava and portrays Knowles as an NYPD officer. It begins with Knowles and her husband reciting words such as "honesty" and "commitment". It later shows Knowles on patrol with her male partner. The video tells of the ways a both men and women hurt each other in a relationship. Knowles stated: "It's about all of the little things that mean so much in a relationship[…] At the end of the clip, you realize that I was acting out his life, and it all starts over again. He was a cop and everything that happened was really him doing the same thing to me."

Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)

"Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" - is a song by American singer Beyoncé. It was written by The-Dream, Tricky Stewart and Knowles for her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008).

The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" was shot on September 14, 2008 and directed by Jake Nava and released to major outlets on October 13, 2008. In the video, Knowles is performing as Sasha Fierce. The video features much choreography, showing Sasha with two other female dancers in all black leotards.

The video is based upon a 1960s routine performed by Gwen Verdon.

It was uploaded to YouTube on October 3, 2009.

Secure Shell

Secure Shell (SSH) is an Internet communication protocol used mostly to allow users to log into other computers and run commands. It lets people exchange data using a secure channel between two computers. It is used mainly on Linux, Macintosh and Unix computers. It is a lot like Telnet, but is safer. It is less likely to be hacked than Telnet is. 

A person can make a key out of numbers. This key has two parts, a private part that should not be shared and a public part that should be. These parts are mathematically related to each. To send a message to a computer, the message is encrypted with the sender's private key and the receiver's public key. This is done in such a way that the message can only be read if the receiver has their private key and the sender's public key. This means that an attacker cannot read the messages without both keys. 

SSH was designed by Tatu Ylönen in 1995 to replace the less secure protocols rlogin, Telnet and rsh, which were used to access shell accounts on remote computers. 



Application programming interface

An application programming interface (API) is a set of functions, procedures, methods or classes used by computer programs to request services from the operating system, software libraries or any other service providers running on the computer. A computer programmer uses the API to make
application programs.

An API works by communicating with and exchanging data with other systems, acting as a messenger between the user and the system to retrieve the necessary data the user is requesting from the system. 

Main types of web APIs:


Types of API include web services API like the Twitter API, which allows programs to use the API to receive updates on tweets.

Peregrine falcon

The peregrine falcon ("Falco peregrinus") is a cosmopolitan bird of prey in the family Falconidae. It can also be known just as the peregrine, and was once called the "Duck hawk" in North America. In Pakistan, it is officially the military iconic symbol of the PAF and the unofficial territory bird of Gilgit-Baltistan.

The peregrine is a crow-sized falcon, with a blue-grey back, barred white underparts, and a black head and "mustache". It can go up to 322 km/h (200 mph) in a dive, which means it is the fastest animal in the world. As with other bird-eating raptors, the female is bigger than the male. There are 17–19 subspecies recorded, and each varies slightly in appearance and where they live. There is disagreement over whether the distinctive Barbary falcon is a subspecies of the Peregrine or just a different species. The peregrine falcon is the fastest animal on land, it's record-breaking dive which earns it its title, coming in at close to 390 km per hour. It is closely related to the gyrfalcon, which has a top speed of 209 km per hour. Although the falcon is the fastest flying animal, the fastest movement of a bird belongs to the hummingbird, its wing rotating 80 times a second.

The use of certain pesticides, especially DDT was not good for the animals. It could be shown that in areas where DDT was used, the thickness of the shells of their eggs was reduced. This caused a dramatic decline in their numbers, in certain countries. Since the use of DDT has been forbidden in many countries, their numbers are increasing again. This recovery was helped because their nesting places were protected in many countries; some countries also bred these falcons in captivity and released them into the wild. 

The male and female falcons can sit on their eggs to keep them warm in conditions to hatch their newborns.

The chicks of the peregrine falcon are known as “eyasses”

Conservation organizations:

Mozilla Public License

The Mozilla Public License (MPL) is a free and open source software license developed and maintained by the Mozilla Foundation. It is a weak copyleft, characterized as a middle ground between permissive free software licenses and the GNU General Public License (GPL), that seeks to balance the concerns of proprietary and open source developers. As such, it allows re-licensing. MPL software can thus be converted into a copyleft license such as the GPL, or to a proprietary license (example:KaiOS).

It has undergone two revisions, a minor update to version 1.1, and a major update to version 2.0 with the goals of greater simplicity and better compatibility with other licenses.

The MPL is the license for Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Thunderbird, and most other Mozilla software, but it has been used by others, such as Adobe to license their Flex product line, and The Document Foundation to license LibreOffice 4.0 (also on LGPL 3+). Version 1.1 was adapted by several projects to form derivative licenses like Sun Microsystems' own Common Development and Distribution License.

The MPL license was approved as an Open Source software license by the Open Source Initiative also as a Free Software license by the Free Software Foundation.

Version 1.0 was created by Mitchell Baker when she was working as a lawyer at Netscape Communications Corporation and version 1.1 when she was working at the Mozilla Foundation.


Ubisoft

Ubisoft formerly as Ubi Soft is a company that makes video games. They are based in France. They are famous for making many popular games including the Rayman franchise and the Tom Clancy games such as "Rainbow Six" and "Splinter Cell".

Permissive software license

A permissive free software licence is a free software licence for a copyrighted work that offers freedoms such as publishing a work to the public domain. In contrast, copyleft licences like the GNU General Public License require copies and derivatives of the source code to be made available on terms not more restrictive than those of the original licence.

A license tells what someone can do with something that was bought. It also tells what cannot be done with it without getting into legal trouble.

Examples of permissive licences include the MIT License and the BSD licence.


Hero/Heroine

"Hero / Heroine" is the 2nd single by rock and roll-Alternative pop band Boys Like Girls. It is off the album "Boys Like Girls". 

The music video for "Hero/Heroine" was released in September 2007.

Thunder (Boys Like Girls song)

Thunder is a single released by American rock band Boys Like Girls. "Thunder" was released May 6th, 2008 on radio airplay. The single was originally released months before May 6, 2008 as an acoustic version. The song was released off the album "Boys Like Girls".

The music video shows a group of friends, in which there are couples, hang out. The music video starts with the band playing, and then moves on to the friends going to restaurant to eat, with intervals of the band playing. The friends then go a field, where they drink and laugh. The friends then start making a human pyramid, but fail. The couples start hanging out alone and kissing. From this on, the band is shown playing in the rain. The friends are then shown going to a swimming pool and start swimming, with a couple kissing underwater. They then run through a carpark and stand by the railings to see the sunrise. The couples are then kissing again, and the music video ends with the band leaving their instruments.

The video for "Thunder" was released on the MTV summer special "Friday Night MTV" (or "FNMTV").

1.22.03.Acoustic

1.22.03.Acoustic is an acoustic compilation album released by pop-rock band "Maroon 5". The songs on the album are from the hit pop first album by Maroon 5 called "Songs About Jane". There is a song on the compilation album called "If I Fell" which Adam Levine does a cover on by The Beatles. Another song featured in the album is called "Highway to Hell" by AC/DC, in this song Adam Levine is playing drums while Ryan Dusick (drums) sings the song. Although the album is mostly known as an acoustic album, the AC/DC cover is performed as an electric performance.


Live from SoHo (Maroon 5 album)

Live from SoHo is a live album by rock band Maroon 5. The songs performed by the band are the first 6 tracks in order from track 1-6 on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The album was released March 25, 2008. 

The band Maroon 5 performed "Live from SoHo" in Apple Store SoHo in New York. 


Alexander Berkman

Alexander Berkman (November 21, 1870 – June 28, 1936) was a Russian-American writer and a leading member of the anarchist movement of the 19th and early 20th centuries. He was the lover of Emma Goldman. In 1892, he tried to kill Henry Clay Frick because of his involvement with the Homestead Strike. During World War I, he was deported along with Goldman and other foreign-born American anarchists as a result of the Anarchist Exclusion Act. Continuing to write and speak to the poors, Berkman died in France in 1936.




Murray Bookchin

Murray Bookchin (January 14, 1921 – July 30, 2006) was an American libertarian socialist, political and social philosopher, speaker and writer. For much of his life he called himself an anarchist, although as early as 1995 he privately renounced his identification with the anarchist movement. A pioneer in the ecology movement, Bookchin was the founder of the social ecology movement within libertarian socialist and ecological thought. He was the author of two dozen books on politics, philosophy, history, and urban affairs as well as ecology.

Bookchin was a radical anti-capitalist and always favored the decentralisation of society. His writings on libertarian municipalism, a theory of face-to-face, grassroots democracy, had an influence on the Green Movement and anti-capitalist direct action groups such as Reclaim the Streets. His criticisms of "new age" Greens such as Charlene Spretnak contributed to the divisions in the American Green movement in the 1990s.

Although an anti-capitalist, Murray Bookchin often met with libertarian thinker Murray Rothbard and occasionally attended Libertarian Party (United States) conventions, endorsing their presidential candidate Roger MacBride in 1976.

Bookchin has influenced the thinking of captured Kurdish militant Abdullah Öcalan, who has renounced violence and now wants a peaceful solution to the question of Kurdish autonomy.

Bookchin was the first to use the term "Libertarian municipalism", to describe a system in which libertarian institutions of directly democratic assemblies would oppose and replace the State with a confederation of free municipalities. Libertarian municipalism intends to create a situation in which the two powers—the municipal confederations and the nation-state—cannot coexist.





Carlo Cafiero

Carlo Cafiero (September 1, 1846 - July 17, 1892) was an Italian anarchist and friend of Mikhail Bakunin during the second half of the 19th century.

Carlo Cafiero was born in Barletta, in the Apulia region of Italy on September 1st, 1846 from a rich and noble family of Southern Italy. His father was Carbonari in 1821, one of his brothers and a brother-in-law were deputies, while Carlo Cafiero was always called the 'black sheep' of the family. In 1864 he went to Naples, where he got a degree in law. He then went to Florence and at the beginning of 1870 he was in Paris. The Paris he went to London, where he matured, renouncing his diplomatic career, his wealth and family, to join the revolution and socialism. In London Cafiero made contacts with Marx and Engels. He joined the International Workingmen's Association and was charged to go back to Italy and conquer it to Marx’s ideology, where instead there was the strong influence of the Anarchism of Mikhail Bakunin and the Republicanism of Giuseppe Mazzini. He restored the ancient section of 'L'Internazionale' in Naples, with the help of the young Errico Malatesta. There, during an assembly, he was imprisoned for the first time.

After over a year spent in Italy as a representative of Marx and Engels Cafiero felt the influence of anarchism. And thanks to the friendship with Giuseppe Fanelli, he passed on to the other side of the barricade, with Bakunin and his Italian followers. In early 1872 came the first issue of the newspaper "La Campana" and Cafiero wrote for, and gave money towards the publication. In the same year he met Bakunin in Locarno (Switzerland). In the summer of 1873, with the help of Cafiero, an old project was realised: to create an international center for the revolution in Italy and the world. Cafiero, selling all his inherited lands, bought a farm in Switzerland where Bakunin could live. This center was called "La Baronata", would also be a safe shelter for revolutionaries persecuted by their respective governments. In 1875 Cafiero went to Milan and joined the editorial staff of the first socialist daily paper, "La Plebe", directed by Enrico Bignami. In April 1877, Cafiero, Malatesta, Ceccarelli, the Russian Stepniak and 30 other comrades began an insurrection in the province of Benevento. They took the village of Letino without violence and with great enthusiasm. Arms and food were expropriated and distributed amongst the people, tax money was returned and official documents destroyed. Cafiero, in dialect, explained about anarchism, freedom, justice and the new society without the State, without masters, servants, soldiers and owners. His proclamations convinced even the parish priest who called the rebel group 'the true apostles sent by the Lord'. The following day the village of Gallo was taken in a similar fashion. As they were leaving Gallo the Internationalists were surprised and surrounded by government troops and all were arrested. Held in prison for over a year before being brought to trial all the accused were eventually acquitted in August 1878. In 1878, Cafiero was living in Marseilles working as cook and docker. In October he was arrested with Malatesta, then released and expelled from France. He rested in Switzerland, meeting with Kropotkin, and with the collaboration of Élisée Reclus promoted the publications of Bakunin. In 1881 Cafiero went to London, where he remained for a long time. In March 1882 he returned to Italy, expressing the will to take part in the imminent electoral campaign.

On April 5th he was arrested without any charge but on May 2nd, while imprisoned, he was the victim of a strong mental crisis and attempted to kill himself. The scandal of a man imprisoned without reason and crazy exploded and Cafiero was released with only the choice between forced residence in Barletta, his birth town, or exile to Switzerland. Cafiero chose the exile in the small town of Chiasso. Emilio Bellerio took Cafiero to his house in Locarno and Errico Malatesta wrote about him "if his mind is ill, his heart is still healthy...". In February 1883 Cafiero left for Florence, but was found in a street very shocked, so some doctors transferred him to a lunatic asylum in the city. After the lunatic asylum for the rest of his life had problems, Olimpia Kutusoff, mate of Cafiero, returned from Russia in September 1883 to assist him in the asylum of Imola. Olimpia left him after one and a half years because Cafiero in his crises was violent with her. Carlo expressed the will to return in Barletta where he arrived in the second half of ’89. However his brothers turned him away and after living some time in a hotel he was taken in by his brother Pietrantonio. In 1891, following another crisis, Carlo Cafiero was confined in the asylum of Nocera Inferiore where he died on Sunday July 17, 1892.




Benito Juárez

Benito Pablo Juárez García (March 21, 1806 - July 8, 1872) was a Zapotec who served five terms (1858–1861 as interim), (1861–1865), (1865–1867), (1867–1871), and (1871–1872), as President of Mexico. During his presidency he outlawed slavery, especially the mistreatment of the Mexican Native Americans.

His philosophy has influenced many Mexicans and Mexican Americans in the United States, who have fought for the human and civil rights of Latinos for almost two centuries.

In 1843 Benito married Margarita Maza.

Benito Juarez was born in March 21,1806, San Pablo Guelatao Oaxaca Which is now La Sierra Juarez. He was an orphan as a toddler. He was full native of Zapotec descent.  He went to Oaxaca at age 12 and worked in fields at a young age. That is when Benito Juarez learned Spanish because he only spoke Zapotec. When he was 12 he left his uncle. He continued his education entering an institute of science and art. Then he graduated in 1834 with  a law degree. Also he became a judge in 1841.

He spent time in Cuba. In New Orleans he plotted against Antonio López de Santa Anna who had overthrown him. Juan  Alvarez launched a coup.  Juarez to hurried to protect Mexico but Alvarez forces captured the capital. Alvarez made himself  president and Juarez a minister of Justice .

Benito Juarez's political career started on January 1, 1832, when he was appointed alderman in the city of Oaxaca. Then in 1833 Juarez was named local deputy of Oaxaca. After being named local deputy of Oaxaca in February 3, 1834 Juarez became member of the board of health in the state of Oaxaca. Then in April 6, 1838 Benito Juarez became Acting Secretary of the first Chamber of the Superior Court. Therefore, Benito Juarez did not stayed with his hands folded, on December 31, 1839 Juarez became Deputy Minister of the superior court of the department of Oaxaca. Then on July 22, 1841 Juarez was judge of the civil court in the city of Oaxaca. Then on October 3, 1843 Juarez became the Alternate Board of Elections in Oaxaca. In 1847 Juarez was elected federal deputy so he had to move to Mexico city. 

Benito Juarez returned to Oaxaca and was internal governor in 1847. He supported the Mexican–American War but refused to help President Antonio López de Santa Anna when the war was clearly lost. On January 3, 1853  he became professor substitute for Civil Law at the Institute of Sciences and Arts of Oaxaca. Also after being a professor substitute in the same year, 1853, he was imprisoned in the jail of San Juan de Ulua because of Santa Ana. At the end, Juarez became Minister of Justice and Public Instruction county in 1855, when Juan N. Alvarez took power as internal President of Mexico.

When President Ignacio Commonfort resigned in 1858, Juarez became president. Mexico had a new constitution, with liberal reforms and less power for the Catholic Church. Juarez led the liberals in the resulting Reform War in 1858-1860. He fought against the church and rich landowners. People didn’t have to go to church to get married. Also cemeteries were owned by the government, meaning that people who were not Catholic could bury the person. 

When the French Emperor Napoleon III supported a new Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico, President Juarez led the resistance, In 1871 he decided to run for re-election, which caused many of his supporters to turn against him.

Madeleine Albright

Madeleine Korbel Albright (born Marie Jana Korbelová; May 15, 1937 – March 23, 2022) was an American diplomat and politician of Czech-Jewish descent.

She was born in Czechoslovakia. Her father was Josef Korbel. She was the first woman to become United States Secretary of State. She was appointed by President Bill Clinton on December 5, 1996. Ninety-nine United States Senators voted to confirm her. No senator voted against her. She was sworn in (taking office) on January 23, 1997. She was a professor at Georgetown University before her death.

Before she was Secretary of State, Albright was the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. She began at the UN on February 6, 1993.

Albright died on March 23, 2022 from cancer in Washington, D.C. at the age of 84.



James Carville

James Carville (born October 25, 1944) is an American political consultant, commentator, actor, attorney, media personality and pundit. Known as the "Ragin' Cajun", Carville gained national attention for his work as the lead strategist of the successful presidential campaign of then-Arkansas governor Bill Clinton. Carville was the co-host of CNN's "Crossfire" until its final broadcast in June 2005. Since its cancellation, he has appeared on CNN's news program, The Situation Room. As of 2008, he hosts a weekly program on XM Radio titled "60/20 Sports" with Luke Russert, son of Tim Russert who hosted NBC's "Meet The Press". He is married to Republican political consultant Mary Matalin.

Carville is also a best-selling author. With his wife, Republican Mary Matalin, and writer Peter Knobler, Carville co-wrote "All's Fair: Love, War and Running for President", published in 1995. He later wrote: "We're Right, They're Wrong: A Handbook for Spirited Progressives", published in 1996; "...And The Horse He Rode In On: The People vs. Kenneth Starr", published in 1998; With Paul Begala he co-wrote "Stickin". "Suck Up, Buck Up... and Come Back When You Foul Up", in 2001, which detailed strategies for fighting and winning in business, politics, and life. In 2004, Carville released a political banter book entitled "Had Enough?", as well as a children's picture book, "Lu and the Swamp Ghost", with co-author Patricia C. McKissack and illustrator David Catrow. In January 2006, he released another book co-written with Begala, "Take It Back: Our Party, Our Country, Our Future".



Colin Powell

Colin Luther Powell, KCB (Honorary), MSC, (April 5, 1937 – October 18, 2021) was an American General in the United States Army and politician. He was the 65th United States Secretary of State (2001-2005), serving under President George W. Bush. He was the first African American appointed to that position. As a General in the United States Army, Powell also served as National Security Advisor (1987–1989) and as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (1989–1993), holding the latter position during the Gulf War. He was the first and, so far, the only African American to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

He was born Colin Luther Powell on April 5, 1937, in Harlem, New York City, New York. His father, Luther Powell, was a shipping clerk. His mother, Maud Powell, was a seamstress. Both had immigrated to the United States from Jamaica. He grew up in south Bronx. He joined the Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) while he was a student at City College of New York. He commanded his unit's precision drill team and achieved the highest rank in ROTC, cadet colonel. When he graduated in 1958, he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the United States Army.

His first assignment was in West Germany. He was promoted to the rank of Captain on June 1, 1962. Powell then served two tours of duty during the Vietnam War. He was wounded twice while in Vietnam. Once by a Viet Cong booby trap. He received a Purple Heart. A year later he received a Bronze Star Medal. He was wounded a second time in a helicopter crash where he saved two other soldiers. For this action he was awarded the Soldier's Medal. Between his two tours in Vietnam, Powell was promoted to the rank of major in May 1966.

Powell then earned an MBA degree at George Washington University in Washington, DC. He received a White House fellowship and worked in the Office of Management and Budget during 1972–1973. As a lieutenant colonel Powell served as a battalion commander in the 2d Infantry Division. In 1975 Powell was promoted to full colonel and became a brigade commander in the 101st Airborne Division. He was promoted to the rank of general in 1989. He was appointed to the position of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff by President George H. W. Bush. He oversaw a number of crisis situations including Operation Desert Storm. In 1993 he retired from the military as a four-star general.

In 2001 he was nominated and confirmed as US Secretary of State. After the September 11 attacks he took a leading role in aligning allies for military action in Afghanistan. Powell dealt with a number of international crises including a near war between India and Pakistan (both of which had nuclear weapons) in 2001–2002. In February 2003 he appeared before the United Nations Security Council. He presented evidence that Iraq was hiding weapons of mass destruction (WMD). This convinced many in the US that Iraq was a threat. In September 2004 he appeared before the United States Congress to testify that the intelligence used to show Iraq had WMDs was wrong. Then, on November 15, 2004, Powell announced his resignation.

Powell supported Barack Obama for President of the United States in 2008 and 2012.

In 2016, while not a candidate for that year's election, he received three electoral votes from Washington for President of the United States. After Barack Obama, Powell was only the second Black person to receive electoral votes in a presidential election.

Powell was a critic of the Donald Trump administration, believing he was not qualified to be president. He supported former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for president in 2016. On June 7, 2020, Powell announced he would be voting for former Vice President Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election. In August, Powell delivered a speech in support of Biden's candidacy at the 2020 Democratic National Convention.

In January 2021, after the Capitol building was attacked by Trump supporters, Powell said he left the Republican Party.

On October 18, 2021, Powell, who was hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland for multiple myeloma-related treatment, died from problems caused by COVID-19 on October 18, 2021 at the age of 84. He was fully vaccinated; however his cancer made his immune system weak. He also had Parkinson's disease when he died.



United States Secretary of State

The United States Secretary of State (commonly abbreviated as SecState) is the head of the United States Department of State. This department deals with foreign affairs. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. This person is the highest-ranking cabinet secretary both in line of succession and order of precedence. The President chooses the person they want to be Secretary of the State. The United States Senate must agree with this choice for the person to become the Secretary of State.

The position of Secretary of State was created on April 6, 1789. Thomas Jefferson was the first Secretary. The Presidential order of succession lists the Secretary of State as the 4th person in line if something happens to the President.

The first duties of the Secretary of State included:

The following are the responsibilities of the Secretary of State. These were added to the duties over time.

As of , there are seven living former secretaries of state, the oldest being James Baker (served 1989–1992). The most recent death of a former secretary of state was that of Henry Kissinger (served 1973–1977) on November 29, 2023. The living former secretaries of state, in order of service, are:

Jacques Ellul

Jacques Ellul (January 6, 1912 – May 19, 1994) was a French philosopher, sociologist, theologian, and Christian anarchist. He wrote several books about the "technological society", and about Christianity and politics, such as "Anarchy and Christianity" (1991) – anarchism and Christianity are socially following the same goal. A philosopher who approached technology from a deterministic viewpoint. Ellul was professor at the University of Bordeaux. He authored some 40 books and hundreds of articles over his lifetime, the dominant theme of which has been the threat to human freedom and Christian faith created by modern technology. Ellul spoke often about the emergence of a "technological tyranny" over humanity.

Ellul has been credited with saying the phrase, "Think globally, act locally."





Johann Most

Johann Joseph Most (5 February 1846 in Augsburg – 17 March 1906 in Cincinnati) was a German-American anarchist and orator. He is best known for accepting the strategy of "propaganda of the deed," which promoted direct action against a single person or institution (including the use of violence) to force revolutionary change and inspire further action by others. He travelled in Europe, and he lived in countries such as France and United Kingdom. In 1906, in Ohio, he fell sick because of a chronic case of erysipelas, a bacterial skin infection, in an era without any antibiotic treatments. Most died in a few days.



Francesco Saverio Merlino

Francesco Saverio Merlino (born 9 September 1856 in Naples; died 30 June 1930 in Rome) was an Italian lawyer, anarchist activist and theorist of libertarian socialism. 

Merlino started to participate in the anarchist movement in Italy during his university studies.

In 1884 he went into exile in England and also travelled to the USA. After he returned to Italy in 1894, he was arrested and had to spend two years in prison. 

In the following years, he developed his theory of libertarian socialism in arguments with his friend Errico Malatesta.



Murray Rothbard

Murray Newton Rothbard (March 2, 1926 – January 7, 1995) was an American economist and writer. He helped make the Austrian School of economics popular in the United States.

Rothbard helped to create modern libertarianism, a political belief in less government and more personal freedom. He founded a form of free-market anarchism which he called "anarcho-capitalism". Rothbard believed society should organise itself, and he didn't like central planning.

Rothbard wrote over twenty books and was an important central figure in the American libertarian movement.

Rothbard advocated the abolition of government control of society and the economy. He considered the monopoly force of government the greatest danger to liberty and the long-term well-being of the people. He called the state a "gang of thieves writ large — the most immoral, grasping and unscrupulous individuals in any society".

Rothbard thought that all services provided by monopoly governments could be provided more efficiently by the private sector. According to him, many regulations and laws passed "for the public interest" were self-interested power grabs by scheming government bureaucrats to make themselves look important. These schemes were not subject to market disciplines.

Government services were not efficient, and would get eliminated, if the services could be provided by competition in the private sector.

Rothbard was equally condemning of big business working with government. Business elites, he thought, used government's monopoly power so as to influence laws and regulatory policy to help themselves at the expense of their competitive rivals.

He argued that taxation was theft on a grand scale, backed by law. It was "a compulsory monopoly of force" which prevented the more efficient voluntary procurement of defense and judicial services from competing suppliers. He also argued against central banking and fractional reserve banking. A monopoly system where the government decides how much money to print is, to him, a form of state-sponsored, legalized financial fraud. It is against libertarian principles and ethics. Rothbard opposed military, political, and economic interferences in the affairs of other nations.




Carlo Tresca

Carlo Tresca (1879 - January 11, 1943, New York City) was an Italian-born American anarchist, newspaper editor, and labor agitator. Tresca was famous for the fight and the opposition to the fascism, stalinism, and the mafia. Tresca was part of the defense committee for accused murderers Sacco and Vanzetti, and frequently spoke in their defense at rallies and in articles. During the 1930s, Tresca became an outspoken opponent of Soviet Communists and Stalinism, particularly after the Soviet Union had engineered the destruction of the anarchist movement in Catalonia and Aragon during the Spanish Revolution. Before this, Tresca had supported the Bolsheviks, with the excuse of that a Communist state was preferable to a capitalist state. In early 1938 Tresca publicly accused the Soviets of kidnapping Juliet Poyntz to prevent her defection from the Communist Party USA. Tresca said that, before she had disappeared, Poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over Joseph Stalin's Great Terror. In 1941 Tresca, in a revealing moment, admitted to Max Eastman that Nicola Sacco was guilty of the crime with which he was charged, though Vanzetti was innocent. In New York, Tresca also began a public campaign of criticism of the Mafia in his weekly newspaper, "Il Martello". Tresca was killed probably by the mafia, with a gun shot. Others have thought that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD because of the criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union. 



Benjamin Tucker

Benjamin Ricketson Tucker (April 17, 1854 – June 22, 1939) was a leading proponent of American individualist anarchism in the 19th century, and editor and publisher of the individualist anarchist periodical "Liberty". In 1906, he opened Tucker's Unique Book Shop in New York City. In 1908 the books were destroyed by a fire. Tucker closed the shop. Tucker died in Monaco in 1939




John Zerzan

John Zerzan (born in 1943) is an American anarchist and primitivist philosopher and author. His works speaks about agricultural civilization. Some of his criticism has extended as far as challenging domestication, language, symbolic thought (such as mathematics and art) and the concept of time. His five major books are "Elements of Refusal" (1988), "Future Primitive and Other Essays" (1994), "Running on Emptiness" (2002), "" (2005) and "Twilight of the Machines" (2008). Zerzan is currently one of the editors of "Green Anarchy", a journal of anarcho-primitivist and insurrectionary anarchist thought.



2014 FIFA World Cup

The 2014 FIFA World Cup was the 20th FIFA World Cup being held in Brazil. It was the second time that Brazil hosted the World Cup and the fourth time that a South American country hosted the FIFA tournament. Germany won the tournament after defeating Argentina 1–0. The defending champions, Spain, were eliminated from the World Cup after losing to the Netherlands and Chile in the group stage and the host country, Brazil, were eliminated after a record-breaking 1–7 loss to Germany.

Before the tournament began, all teams received US$1.5 million for preparation costs. The teams that were eliminated from the Group Stage got US$8 million, from the Round of 16 got US$9 million, and from the Quarter-Finals got US$14 million. The fourth place team got US$20 million, the third place team got US$22 million, the second place team got US$25 million and the champions got US$35 million.

A total of Seventeen cities showed interest in being chosen as World Cup host cities: São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Porto Alegre, Brasília, Belém, Campo Grande, Cuiabá, Curitiba, Florianópolis, Fortaleza, Goiânia, Manaus, Natal, Recife (a stadium would be shared by both cities), Rio Branco and Salvador. Maceió withdrew in January 2009.

According to current FIFA practice, no more than one city may use two stadiums, and the number of host cities is limited between eight and ten. The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) requested permission to assign 12 cities hosting World Cup Finals. On 26 December 2008, FIFA gave the green light to the 12-city plan.

Even before the 12 host cities were selected, there were few doubts that the chosen venue for the final match will be the Maracanã in Rio de Janeiro, which also hosted the decisive match of the 1950 FIFA World Cup. Originally the CBF's intentions were to have the opening match at Morumbi Stadium in São Paulo, the largest city in Brazil. However, on 14 June 2010 the stadium was excluded from hosting games in the tournament due to a failure to provide financial guarantees for the improvements needed to have it as an eligible venue. In the end of August 2010, the CBF announced that the new Corinthians stadium will host the matches in São Paulo.

The 12 host cities for the 2014 World Cup were announced on 31 May 2009. Belém, Campo Grande, Florianópolis, Goiânia and Rio Branco were rejected.

A win would earn the team 3 points, a draw would earn them 1 point, and a loss earns them no points.

<br>








Ephedrine

Ephedrine (or EPH) is an alkaloid found in plants of the genus Ephedra. It can also be found in other plants like wolfsbane or the Euopean yew. 

Ephedrine has effects on the human body. It can be used as a stimulant or a decongestant. It is also used to treat certain forms of low blood pressure or to help hunger. Ephedrine is like amphetamine and methamphetamine.

The herb "má huáng" (麻黄, "Ephedra sinica") is used in traditional Chinese medicine. It has ephedrine and pseudoephedrine in it. Nagayoshi Nagai was the first person to take ephedrine from "Ephedra vulgaris" in 1885. The substance called soma, mentioned in old Hindu books such as the Rig Veda, may have been ephedra extract. 

Ephedrine is sometimes used for doping, usually together with caffeine and salicylic acid.There have been lots of controversies related to ephedrine. 
The production of ephedrine in China has become a multi-million dollar industry. Companies extract $13 million worth of ephedrine from 30,000 tons of ephedra per year, 10 times the amount that is used in traditional Chinese medicine.


Emiliano Zapata

Emiliano Zapata Salazar (August 8, 1879 – April 10, 1919) was a leader in the Mexican Revolution, which started in 1910.

Zapata was ambushed and shot by Mexican troops in 1919. He is a folk hero in Mexico to this day.

Emiliano Zapata was born to Gabriel Zapata and Cleofas Jertrudiz Salazar of Anenecuilco, Morelos. Zapata's family were Mexicans of Nahua and Spanish ancestry. He was the ninth of ten children.

Pseudoephedrine

Pseudoephedrine (commonly abbreviated as PSE) is a decongestant. The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter drugs either as single-ingredient preparations, or more commonly in combination with antihistamines, paracetamol (acetaminophen) and/or ibuprofen. Sudafed is a trademark for a common brand which contains pseudoephedrine hydrochloride, though Sudafed PE does not. Drugs containing pseudoephedrine are commonly used as a treatment for Rhinitis (an inflammation of the mucous mebranes in the nose)

Unlike antihistamines, which modify the systemic histamine-mediated allergic response, pseudoephedrine only relieves nasal congestion commonly associated with colds or allergies.

The advantage of oral pseudoephedrine over topical nasal preparations, such as oxymetazoline, is that it does not cause rebound congestion (rhinitis medicamentosa); however, it is more likely to cause adverse effects, including high blood pressure.

Some countries started to replace pseudoephedrine by other drugs, such as phenylephrine. The reason for this is that pseudoephedrine can be used to make methamphetamine, which is an illegal drug.


Scion

Scion was a brand of Japanese carmaker Toyota Motor Corporation, represented in the American market. The brand was founded in 2003 and is positioned for youth. 2002-2016

In early February 2016, it became known that Toyota has decided to close the brand in August that year. Since the 2017 model year, the FR-S, iA and iM models have been sold under the Toyota brand and are called 86, Yaris iA and Corolla iM respectively.

Flag of Christmas Island

The flag of Christmas Island was adopted in 1986. It was designed by Tony Couch of Sydney, Australia.

The blue field means the sea that surrounds the island while the green field means the plants of the island. The southern cross appears in the blue field, showing Christmas Island's connection with Australia as well as its location in the southern hemisphere. The bird is a Golden Bosun, native to the island. The yellow disc means the island's history in mining. There is a map of the island in the centre of the disc.

In 1986, the Christmas Island Assembly held a competition for people to create a flag and coat of arms for Christmas Island. There was a prize of 100$ for the winner. Around 69 entries were submitted to the competition. The winning submission was made by Tony Couch, a man who lived in Sydney. The new flag was announced on April 14, 1986 by the Christmas Island Assembly.

The flag became the official (government accepted) flag of Christmas Island on January 26, 2002. This day is also Australia Day.

Philippsburg

Philippsburg is a city in Germany. It is in the district of Karlsruhe in Baden-Württemberg.


Ainsworth, Wisconsin

Ainsworth is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. About 571 people live in Ainsworth as of the year 2002.

The town has a total area of 71.9 square miles, according to the United States Census Bureau.

Bex

Bex () is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. It is in the district of Aigle. It has an area of 96.60 km², an altitude of 424 m, and a population of about 5709. It is a few miles south of its sister town municipality of Aigle.

Bex sits on the east side of the Rhône river in a big valley bordered on the east by the Bernese Alps and west by the Chablais Alps. Famous Swiss and French ski resorts are nearby. It is on Swiss National Route 9. Bex is connected to Les Diablerets by the mountain pass Col de la Croix


Erwitte

Erwitte is a town in the district of Soest. It is found in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


John Krasinski

John Burke Krasinski (born October 20, 1979) is an American actor, director and writer. He is best known for portraying Jim Halpert on NBC's "The Office" and for directing and starring as Lee Abbott in the 2018 horror movie "A Quiet Place".he also Portrayed Hannibal in The 2021 film adaptation of G.A Henty's The young Carthigan.

Krasinski married Emily Blunt in Como, Italy on July 10, 2010. The couple's daughter was born in 2014.

United States Department of State

The United States Department of State, often referred to as the State Department, is the Cabinet-level foreign policy agency of the United States government, similar to foreign ministries, foreign offices, ministries of external relations, etc. in other countries. It is administered by the Secretary of State.

Cabinet of the United States

The Cabinet of the United States (usually simplified as "the Cabinet") is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States, and its existence dates back to the first American President (George Washington), who appointed a Cabinet of four people (Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson; Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton; Secretary of War, Henry Knox; and Attorney General, Edmund Randolph) to advise and assist him in his duties.

Cabinet officers are nominated by the President and then presented to the United States Senate for confirmation or rejection by a simple majority. If approved, they are sworn in and begin their duties. Aside from Attorney General, and previously, the Postmaster General, they all receive the title "Secretary".

The Cabinet officers are listed in rank order according to the United States presidential line of succession:
The following officials hold positions that are considered to be Cabinet-level positions. Cabinet-level officials attend Cabinet meetings, but are not official Cabinet Members:


United States Attorney General

The United States Attorney General is the head of the United States Department of Justice concerned with "legal affairs" and is the chief law enforcement officer of the United States government.The Attorney General is considered to be the chief lawyer of the U.S. government. The Attorney General is a member of the President's Cabinet, but is the only cabinet department head who is not given the title Secretary.

 (4)
 (5)


United States Secretary of Agriculture

The United States Secretary of Agriculture is the head of the United States Department of Agriculture. The position carries similar responsibilities to agriculture ministers of other governments.

The following is a list of Secretaries of Agriculture, since the creation of the office in 1889.
The position of secretary of agriculture was created when the department was elevated to Cabinet status in 1889. The following is a list of secretaries of agriculture, since the creation of the office in 1889.

 (14)

Status

List of United States Cabinets

The following is a list of United States Cabinets by the President of the United States under which they operated.

United States Secretary of Homeland Security

The United States Secretary of Homeland Security is the head of the United States Department of Homeland Security, the body concerned with protecting the American homeland and the safety of American citizens. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. The position was created following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.

 (5)
 (3)


United States Department of Homeland Security

The United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS), commonly known in the United States as "Homeland Security", is a Cabinet department of the U.S. federal government with the duty of protecting the U.S. from terrorist attacks and helping when there is a natural disaster.

In 2002, because of the September 11 attacks in 2001, Congress passed a bill called the Homeland Security Act, which created the Department of Homeland Security. Tom Ridge was the first leader of the Department of Homeland Security. This was the biggest change to the federal government in 50 years.

United States Secretary of the Interior

The United States Secretary of the Interior is the head of the United States Department of the Interior. The Department of the Interior oversees such agencies as the Bureau of Land Management, the United States Geological Survey, and the National Park Service. The Secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. The Secretary typically comes from a western state; only one of the last 16 Secretaries is not identified with a state lying west of the Mississippi River. The Secretary of the Interior is eighth in the United States presidential line of succession.

 (3)
 (17)

United States Secretary of Commerce

The United States Secretary of Commerce is the head of the United States Department of Commerce concerned with business and industry; the Department states its mission to be "to foster, promote, and develop the foreign and domestic commerce." Until 1913 there was one Secretary of Commerce and Labor, uniting this department with the Department of Labor, which is now headed by a separate Secretary of Labor.

 (1)
 (20)

Source: Department of Commerce: Secretaries

United States Department of Commerce

The United States Department of Commerce is the Cabinet department of the United States government concerned with promoting economic development. It was originally created as the United States Department of Commerce and Labor on February 14, 1903. It was subsequently renamed to the Department of Commerce on March 4, 1913, and its bureaus and agencies specializing in labor were transferred to the new Department of Labor. The Headquarters of the Department of Commerce are located at the Herbert C. Hoover Building in Washington D.C.

United States Department of the Interior

The United States Department of the Interior (DOI) is a Cabinet department of the United States government that manages and conserves most federally owned land. These responsibilities are different from other countries' Interior Departments or ministries, which tend to focus on police or security.

United States Department of Justice

The United States Department of Justice (DOJ) is a Cabinet department in the Federal government of the United States. Its jobs are to enforce the law, defend the interests of the United States according to law, and to ensure fair and impartial administration of justice. Parts of DOJ include the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and prosecutor offices in about a hundred districts in the United States. The DOJ is administered by the United States Attorney General, one of the original members of the cabinet.

United States Department of Agriculture

The United States Department of Agriculture (also called the Agriculture Department, or USDA) is a United States Federal Executive Department (or "Cabinet Department"). Its purpose is to develop and execute policy on farming, agriculture, and food. 

United States federal executive departments

The United States federal executive departments are among the oldest primary units of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States–the Departments of State, War, and the Treasury all being established within a few weeks of each other in 1789.

United States Department of Labor

The United States Department of Labor is a Cabinet department of the United States government responsible for occupational safety, wage and hour standards, unemployment insurance benefits, re-employment services, and some economic statistics. Many U.S. states also have such departments. The department is headed by the United States Secretary of Labor.

United States Secretary of Labor

The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions, the workplace, and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies.

This is a complete list of all past and present Secretaries of Labor.
 (12)

Status

Raster image processor

A Raster image processor is a part in some printers. The raster image processor receives the data in a description language, like Postscript, PCL, or PDF and changes it to a bitmap or raster image. 

Raster image processing can be done in two ways: as Software running as part of the operating system, or as a special microprocessor inside the printer. Cheaper printers use a solution called host-based printing, where this is done in the operating system, more expensive printers, and those that support PCL, Postscript or a similar language have a Raster image processor inside the printer.



Sligo Rovers F.C.

Sligo Rovers are an association football team in Ireland. They were founded in 1928 and now play in the League of Ireland Premier Division.

Rovers have plenty of players who have played in England and the Rovers' manager Ian Baraclough is the only English manager in the UEFA Champions League.

Sligo Rovers were founded in 1928 and have been active ever since. They were founded after the merger of Sligo town and Sligo blues. The all time top goalscorer of the English league Dixie Dean played for Rovers in the 1930s. The last FAI cup competition Rovers won was in 2011. The Rovers have won the league three times in 1937, 1977 and 2012. They won the cup in 1983, 1994, 2010 and 2011 and the first division in 1994 and 2005. During the 2008 season it was confirmed that Rovers were in financial difficulty and needed to pay 130,000 euro, but they are now one of the richest clubs in Ireland.

Sligo Rovers play in The Showgrounds, Sligo. The ground can hold 5,500 people with seats for 4,000. There are two training pitches, and one of them is made from astroturf. In the car park for part of the year there is a fun fair.

Sligo Rovers have two main sponsors, Joma and Connolly's Volkswagen.

Lawrence Philip Sanchez (born October 22, 1959 in London, England) is a Northern Irish football manager and former player. He became player-manager of League of Ireland club Sligo Rovers in 1994. In his first season he led them to the semi-final of the 1995 FAI Cup. He also managed them in the Cup Winners' Cup against Bruges FC. He went on to manage Fulham F.C. and the Northern Ireland national team.

League of Ireland

The Eircom football league was a football league in the Republic of Ireland. It existed from 1921 until 2006. In 2007, it was replaced with the League of Ireland Premier Division.

Sligo

Sligo is a town in County Sligo, Republic of Ireland. It is not the largest town in the country but is the second largest urban area in Connacht after Galway city. It is home to Sligo Rovers F.C. who play in the League of Ireland Premier Division and won the League in 2012. It is also home to the Sligo G.A.A team. Sligo Rugby Club is in Strandhill. Sligo has a population of around 20,000 and has many tourist attractions. Sligo is at the end of the railway line from Dublin.


Fort Campbell

Fort Campbell is a United States Army post on the border of Tennessee and Kentucky. It is west of Clarksville and northwest of Nashville.

The fort is named after William Bowen Campbell, the last Whig Governor of Tennessee.


Harlem

Harlem is a big neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It was a village independent of New York City until 1873. Most of the people in Central Harlem are African-American. Most of the people in West and East Harlem are Hispanic.

It started as a Dutch village called Nieuw Haarlem. It was named for the city of Haarlem in the Netherlands.

In the 19th century it became an industrial suburb. In the 1920s the Harlem Renaissance happened in Harlem.

There is a lot of crime in Harlem, but there is becoming less. The most common cause of death for young black males there is getting murdered.

Taxane

Taxanes are poisonous alkaloids produced by Yew plants.

Alkaloids are natural basic chemical compounds which contain nitrogen atoms. The name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen.

Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms, but taxanes are produced only by plants of the genus "Taxus".

Taxanes work mainly by disrupting the function of cell microtubules. Microtubules are essential to cell division, so taxanes are essentially mitotic inhibitors. This explains why taxanes have been used to produce chemotherapy drugs.

Brooch

A brooch is a piece of jewelry that is attached to clothes. It is usually made of metal, silver or gold but sometimes bronze and decorated with gemstones.

Brooches called "fibulae" were used for many centuries to fasten clothing. In recent centuries people more often use buttons and belts for that, so brooches have become only decorative. 

Flares

Flares (also called bell-bottoms, loon pants, boot-cut/leg and hip-huggers) are trousers that become wider from the knees downwards. They are worn by men and women.

Autopsy

An autopsy (also called a post-mortem examination) is a medical examination of a corpse to find out what killed it (disease or injury). Autopsies are done by specialised doctors, called pathologists.

Autopsies are not done all the time. They are usually done either for medical reasons, or for legal ones. One of the legal reasons why an autopsy is done is to find out if the death was the result of a crime. A medical case is to find the cause of death when it is unclear. Sometimes autopsies are done to train new doctors.

Sometimes, the cause of death can be found by simply looking at the corpse without opening it. In other cases, it may need to be opened, to find the cause of death. If it is opened, it is usually closed again; most of the time, corpses are buried. Before being buried, they are on display for some time. For this, they need to look acceptable. In certain cases, like when the corpse is opened, special permissions are perhaps necessary. These are usually given by the closest living relative, called next of kin.



Supro Ozark 1560 S

The Supro Ozark is an old electric guitar with only one pick-up. It is most famous as being the first electric guitar Jimi Hendrix owned.

Stormbreaker

Stormbreaker is a book by British writer Anthony Horowitz. It is the first book in the "Alex Rider" series. It was released on 4 September 2000 in the United Kingdom and on 21 May 2001 in the United States. A movie based on the book was released on 21 July 2006. It starred Alex Pettyfer as the book's main character, Alex Rider.


Event-driven programming

In computer programming, event-driven programming also known as event-based programming is a programming method in which the flow of the program is determined by sensor outputs or user actions (such as mouse clicks, key presses) or by messages from other programs or threads running on the computer. 

Event-driven programs can be written using any of the computer programming languages, although the task is easier in languages that provide high-level of abstractions to support it. Some integrated development environments provide all assisting methods that automate most tasks required for events handling.

Leeds Bradford International Airport

Leeds Bradford International Airport is a large airport in West Yorkshire, England. It is in Yeadon, Leeds and near Bradford. The airport was sold to Bridgepoint Capital in 2007. The airport has flights to many other cities including London, Edinburgh, Dublin, Paris, Amsterdam, Brussels, Rome, Milan, Madrid, Barcelona and Prague. It is widely used for both holiday and business flights. Around 3 million people use the airport every year. The number of passengers is increasing each year.

The airline Jet2.com is based at the airport. In August 2009, Ryanair announced they would open a base at Leeds Bradford Airport. Ryan would increase their routes from 3 to 17 from March 2010.

Leeds Metropolitan University

Leeds Metropolitan University is a university in Leeds, England. It is the second largest university in the city after the University of Leeds. The University sometimes calls itself Leeds Carnegie. It used to be called Leeds Polytechnic.

Wetherby

Wetherby is a town in West Yorkshire, England. It is part of the City of Leeds borough. Wetherby is on the River Wharfe. The town has a market every Thursday. There are 11 pubs in Wetherby and many shops. There are Morrisons and Sainsbury's supermarkets in the town. Wetherby is on the A1 motorway. 22,000 people live in Wetherby. Wetherby has an historic town hall. Wetherby is also close to York and Harrogate.

Wetherby has many factories in Thorpe Arch and on the Sandbeck Industrial Estate. The British Library are in London and Wetherby. Most people in Wetherby work in Leeds.

Wetherby has a market every Thursday in the Market Place. While the market is on, all cars are stopped from entering the area around the town hall. There is also a farmers market one Sunday in every month. A market and car-boot sale are held at the racecourse every Sunday during the summer months.

Wetherby has its own racecourse as well as amateur football, cricket, rugby league, rugby union and bowls teams. There is also a golf course. Besides horse racing, there are no professional sports teams in Wetherby but there are many nearby in Leeds.

Wetherby has several primary schools, a large secondary school and Park Lane College. There are universities nearby in Leeds. Wetherby High School used to be a secondary modern school but is now a comprehensive school.

Wetherby is twinned with Privas in France.

Dynamic-link library

Dynamic-link library (also written as Dynamic Link Library or DLL), is Microsoft's implementation of shared libraries used by the Microsoft Windows operating systems. These libraries usually have the file extension DLL, OCX (for libraries containing ActiveX controls), or DRV (for Windows legacy system drivers).

Any of the Microsoft Windows data files having the same file format as that of the "Dynamic-link library" can be called a "resource DLL". Examples of such DLLs include "icon libraries", sometimes having the extension ICL, and the font files, having the extensions FON and FOT.

Jack Peddie

Jack Peddie (born 3 March 1876) was a Scottish football player.

Nwankwo Kanu

Nwankwo Kanu (born 1 August 1976) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Portsmouth and Nigeria national team.

Nwankwo Kanu is married to fitness enthusiast, Amara Kanu and they have 3 children together. Two sons and one daughter.

Iwuanyanwu Nationale

Ajax

Inter Milan

Arsenal

Portsmouth

Nigeria U17

Nigeria U23

Nigeria

Individual

Jay-Jay Okocha

Augustine Azuka Okocha ( ; born 14 August 1973), commonly known as Jay-Jay Okocha, is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He played 73 times for the Nigeria national team between 1993 and 2006, scoring 14 times, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads. He is considered as one of the greatest football players from Africa. Okocha is gifted with remarkable technique and speed, he is regarded as one of the best dribblers in history. In addition, he was also an expert in long-range shots and set pieces.
In 1990 Okocha moved as a youth player from the Nigerian club Enugu Rangers to then third division club Borussia Neunkirchen. There he made his debut as a 17-year-old in the Oberliga team . Already in his first season in Neunkirchen he caused a sensation with his dribbles and goals, sometimes from more than 30 meters goal distance in the Oberliga Südwest. This did not go unnoticed by the then coach of league rivals Eintracht Trier, Dragoslav Stepanović, who steered him to Frankfurt in 1992, where he first played as a contract amateur for Eintracht Frankfurt and on September 26, 1992 against Werder Bremen for the first time in the. Bundesliga accrued. He became known for sensational dribbles and made the headlines. His goal to make it 3-1 against Karlsruher SC in the Bundesliga game on August 31, 1993 was spectacular: he played around the opposing defenders in the penalty area and made goalkeeper Oliver Kahn run back and forth several times with body tricks and sudden changes of direction before he finally got the ball shot in goal. The viewers of the sports show voted this goal goal of the year 1993.

At the beginning of December 1994, the Nigerian international made headlines when he showed his solidarity with his teammates Anthony Yeboah and Maurizio Gaudino and refused special training ordered by coach Jupp Heynckes and participation in the subsequent Bundesliga game, which resulted in the dismissal of Yeboah and Gaudino. After Eintracht was relegated to the 2nd Bundesliga, Okocha played for the Turkish first division club Fenerbahçe Istanbul from 1996 to 1998, during which time he accepted Turkish citizenship before moving to Paris Saint-Germain in 1998 for 22 million marks.

Jay-Jay Okocha made 90 appearances (18 goals) in the 1st Bundesliga for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1992 to 1996. In the Premier League he completed 124 games ( 14 goals) for Bolton Wanderers from 2002 and was voted BBC African Footballer of the Year in 2003 and 2004. At the end of the 2005/06 season, however, his contract was not extended by the "Trotters", although he was still one of the regulars. After a year in Qatar, the Nigerian finally signed a one-year contract with English second division side Hull City for the 2007/08 season. With the new club, he was promoted to the Premier League.

Okocha made his official debut for Nigeria in their 2–1 1994 FIFA World Cup Qualifier away loss against Ivory Coast in May 1993. It was not until his second cap and home debut that he became a favourite with the Nigerian supporters. With Nigeria trailing 1–0 against Algeria, in a match they needed to win, he scored from a direct free kick to equalise, before helping the team to a 4–1 win, eventually securing qualification to their first World Cup. In 1994, he was a member of both the victorious 1994 African Cup of Nations squad and the World Cup squad who made it to the second round before they lost in a dramatic match against eventual runners-up Italy.

In 1996, Okocha became a key member of an arguably more successful Nigerian side, their Olympic gold winning side at the Atlanta Games, later nicknamed the Dream Team by the Nigerian press after the USA 1992 Olympic gold winning basketball team. In the 1998 FIFA World Cup hosted by France, Okocha played for a disappointing Super Eagles side who failed to live up to expectations again reaching the round of 16, albeit with less impressive performances save for their 3–2 opening win against Spain. This did not destroy interest in Okocha, who had entertained fans with his trademark skills and dribbles and went on to be named in the squad of the tournament.

Okocha again joined the Super Eagles in the 2000 African Cup of Nations co-hosted with Ghana. He scored three goals in the tournament, two in the opening game against Tunisia, and then given a standing ovation by the nearly 60,000 attendance when he left the field.

He made a return to the Super Eagles in his testimonial against an African select side in Warri. The game featured former players Daniel Amokachi, Alloysius Agu, John Fashanu, Benjani and Sulley Muntari. Nigeria won the game 2–1 with Okocha scoring the winning goal after appearing for the side in the second half. In March 2004, he was named one of the top 125 living footballers by Pelé.

Borussia Neunkirchen

Fenerbahçe

Paris Saint-Germain

Bolton Wanderers

Hull City

Nigeria U23

Nigeria

Individual


Nicky Butt

Nicky Butt (born 21 January 1975) is an English former footballer.

"Statistics accurate as of 20 May 2011"

Manchester United

Newcastle United

South China

England U18

Individual

Serie B

Serie B is the second highest division of Football in Italy. It was founded in 1929.

At the end of the seasons, three teams are promoted to Serie A. The first two teams are directly qualified to Lega Pro.

The third team is selected by play-offs. If the third team is 10 points or more ahead of the 4th team, then the third team is automatically qualified.

The three last-placed teams are directly relegated to Serie C, and the 19th team is automatically relegated only if the 18th team is 5 points or more ahead.

If the 18th team is not 5 points or more ahead of the 19th team, there will be play-outs.



Michael Cole

Michael Sean Coulthard (born December 8, 1968) better known by his stage name Michael Cole, is an American former news journalist and the current play-by-play announcer for WWE's Raw brand. Cole also guest refereed a couple of dark matches and competed in his first match against Jerry Lawler at WrestleMania XXVII. In 2010, he became a heel, and turned face again in 2012.

Rlogin

In computing, rlogin is a Unix program that allows users to log in on another host using a network. rlogin uses TCP port 513. It was first distributed as part of the 4.2BSD release. rlogin is also the name of the application layer protocol used by the software, also the protocol is part of the TCP/IP protocol suite.

The rlogin homepage is located at http://rlogin.sourceforge.net.

rlogin has several serious security problems, the most important are:

Due to its serious problems, rlogin was rarely used across untrusted networks (like the public internet), and rlogin distributions are no longer included by default with many Unix and Linux distributions. Many networks which were depending on rlogin and telnet have replaced it with SSH and the "rlogin secured equivalent" slogin.



Vasily Zaytsev

Captain Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev (23 March 1915 – 15 December 1991) was a Soviet sniper during World War II.

He is particularly notable for his activities between 10 November and 17 December 1942, during the Battle of Stalingrad. He killed 225 soldiers and officers of the Wehrmacht and other Axis armies, including 11 enemy snipers. Before the 10th November, he had already killed 32 Axis soldiers with the standard Mosin-Nagant rifle. Between October 1942 and January 1943, Zaytsev had made 242 verified kills, but the real number may be much higher; some argue it might have been as many as 400. His military rank at the time was Junior Lieutenant.



Mike Adamle

Michael David Adamle (born October 4, 1949; pronounced ) is a sports personality and former National Football League player.

In college he became a Big Ten Most Valuable Player. He is still thought of as one of the great players for Northwestern University.

After a successful career with the National Football League, Adamle began working for NBC Sports. He then worked for a variety of programs. He was host of "American Gladiators" and worked for World Wrestling Entertainment.

He has worked for WMAQ-TV in Chicago since 2004.

In February 2017, Adamle was diagnosed with dementia.

Port forwarding

Port forwarding, also referred to as port mapping, is a method of forwarding a network port from one network node to another. This technique can allow an external user to reach a port on a private IP address (inside a LAN) from the outside using a NAT-enabled router.

Port forwarding allows remote computers (e.g. public machines on the Internet) to connect to a specific computer within a private LAN.

For example:

Port forwarding is not necessary with IPv6, because every IPv6-enabled device has a public IPv6 address.


Paul Burchill

Paul Burchill (born Paul Kenneth Birchall on 8 October 1979) is an English professional wrestler best known for his time spent wrestling for the WWE.

Serial port

In computing, a serial port is a "serial communication physical interface" through which information transfers, either in or out, one bit at a time (in contrast with parallel port). 

During most of the personal computers history, serial ports connected computers to devices such as terminals and various peripherals.

While such interfaces as Ethernet, FireWire, and USB all send data as a serial stream, the term "serial port" usually identifies hardware meeting the requirements of the standard, for the purpose of interfacing with a modem or with a similar communication device. 

For many computer peripheral devices the USB interface has replaced the serial port. While nearly every server has a serial port, many modern low-end workstations and laptops often don't have one. The serial port is not present for cost savings, and is considered to be a legacy port on personal computers.
However, serial ports can be found in industrial systems, scientific analysis and laboratory equipments, point of sales and some industrial and consumer products. Network equipments (such as routers and switches) often have serial ports for configuration. Serial ports are still used in these areas as they are simple, cheap and allow communications between devices.

Bambi

Bambi is a 1942 American-German animated drama movie. David Hand was the head director (he was in charge of other directors). Walt Disney made the movie. It is based on the book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" by Felix Salten. RKO Radio Pictures sent the movie to theatres on August 13, 1942. It is the fifth movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story is about a baby deer named Bambi. He learns to grow up in the wild after hunters shoot his mother. The main characters are Bambi (a roe deer) his parents (the Great Prince of the forest and his mother), and his friends: Thumper (a rabbit), Flower (a skunk), and Faline (who becomes his wife later).

For the movie, Disney changed Bambi to a mule deer. In the book, Bambi was a Roe deer. However, roe deer do not live in the United States, and Americans know more about mule deer. The movie was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Sound (Sam Slyfield), Best Song (for "Love Is a Song" sung by Donald Novis) and Original Music Score. In June 2008, the American Film Institute wrote a list of its "Top 10"—the best ten movies—after asking over 1,500 people. "Bambi" came in third in animation. In December 2011, the movie was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.

This movie has a sequel called "Bambi II".

A little fawn called Bambi is born in the woods. In his first days of life, he explores the forest around him. He makes a friend named Thumper. Thumper is a rabbit. Bambi learns new words every day. "Bird" is his first word. He learns "butterflies", "rain", and "meadow". He sees his father (the Great Prince of the Forest) for the first time. The movie first shows Bambi's childhood, such as a walk in the woods, a day in the meadow, and his first experience seeing snow.

The most famous part of the movie is the death of Bambi's mother. Bambi and his mother have trouble finding food. One day, Bambi's mother finds a patch of grass, and they eat. The audience hears scary music (Man's theme). Bambi's mother knows there is danger. She tells Bambi to run. As they run across an icy field, she screams "Faster! Faster, Bambi! Don't look back! Keep running! Keep running!". Bambi runs away, but there is a gunshot. Bambi gets back to the den but finds that his mother is not there. He walks around, and desperately calls for her. He meets his father, the Great Prince, who tells him that "your mother can't be with you anymore". Bambi follows his father into the woods, taking one last look behind him.

The next spring, Bambi and his friends are young adults. They meet a wise old owl, called Friend Owl. The owl tells them of the dangers of falling in love. They make vows not to fall in love. However, they fall in love at first sight very soon. Bambi falls in love with his old childhood friend Faline. He happily dances in the clouds until another deer gets in the way. He tries to get Faline to go with him, but Bambi does not want to. He gets into a fight with this deer. Bambi wins. He goes on a date with Faline. The Man comes back and makes more trouble for the animals. Bambi saves Faline from some angry dogs.

A forest fire comes and nearly destroys everything. Bambi has trouble getting up, but his father helps him. They both make it to an island where the animals have got together. The next spring, everyone goes to see Bambi and Faline's new fawns (baby deer). The wise owl says that Bambi should be proud. The Great Prince steps down from his current place as king, and Bambi is left standing proudly. A chorus sings the song from the beginning, "Love is a Song."

Walt Disney wanted to have realistic detail in this animated movie. The artists learned from animal experts. They also visited the Los Angeles Zoo. A pair of fawns (named Bambi and Faline) were shipped from the area of present-day Baxter State Park in Maine to the studio so that the artists could see for themselves how these animals move. The source of these fawns, from the Eastern United States, gave the company the idea to change Felix Salten's Roe Deer to a mule deer. The background of the movie was also the Eastern woodlands. One of the earliest and best known artists for the Disney studio, Maurice "Jake" Day, spent a lot of weeks in the Vermont and Maine forests. He drew pictures and took photographs of deer, fawns, and the wilderness areas around them.


None of the voice actors are credited.


"Bambi" was released in theaters in 1942, during World War II. It was Disney's 5th full-length animated movie. "Bambi" was released again to theatres in 1947, 1957, 1966, 1975, 1982, and 1988. It was then made available on home video in 1989. Even in home video, "Bambi" has seen many releases, including two VHS releases, in 1989 (Classics Version) and 1997 (Masterpiece Collection Version), and a digitally-remastered and restored Platinum Edition DVD. The Platinum Edition DVD went on moratorium on January 31, 2007.

Bambi was released in Diamond Edition on March 1, 2011, consisting of a Blu-ray and DVD combo pack. According to Cinema Blend, this release is set to include multiple bonus features that were not previously included in Bambi home releases: a documentary entitled "Inside Walt’s Story Meetings – Enhanced Edition", two deleted scenes, a deleted song, an image gallery, and a game entitled "Disney’s Big Book of Knowledge: Bambi Edition". The release also marked the first use of "Disney Second Screen", a feature which is accessed via a computer or iPad app download that syncs with the Blu-ray disc, allowing the viewer to follow along by interacting with animated flip-books, galleries and trivia while watching the movie. A UK version of Diamond Edition was released on February 7, 2011.

"Bambi II" is a story which takes place after Bambi's mother dies, but before Bambi becomes an adult. It shows the Great Prince of the Forest having trouble raising Bambi, and Bambi not being sure if his father really loves him. The movie was released direct-to-video on February 7, 2006. While the movie was a direct-to-video release in the United States and other countries, including Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan and Taiwan, it was a theatrical release in some countries, including Australia, Austria, Brazil, Dominican Republic, France, Mexico, the United Kingdom and some other European countries.



Flag of the Netherlands

The flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour of red, white, and blue. It was introduced in 1572. Since 1937, the flag has officially been the national flag of the Netherlands and of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

The national flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour flag. The colors are red (bright vermilion), white (silver), and blue (cobalt blue). The first Stadtholder, or ruler, of the Dutch Republic was William of Orange, who joined with Dutch nationalists and led the struggle for independence from Spain. Partly out of respect for him, the first flag adopted by the Dutch was originally orange, white, and blue. The orange dye was particularly unstable and tended to turn red after a while, so in the mid-17th century, red was made the official color. The flag has flown since then. As the first revolutionary flag, it has had an influence throughout the world. Until about 1800, in the case of both the orange- and the red-striped versions, the number of stripes and their order frequently varied.

Coat of arms of the Netherlands

The Greater Coat of Arms of the Realm, (or "Grote Rijkswapen"), is the Coat of Arms of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The components of the coats of arms were regulated by Queen Wilhelmina in a Royal decree of July 10th 1907.

The shield is crowned with the Dutch royal crown and supported by two lions. They stand on a scroll Azure with the text "Je Maintiendrai" (medieval French for "I will endure".)

The monarch places this coat of arms on a mantle lined with Ermine. Above the mantle is a pavilion Gules again topped with the royal crown.

In the Royal decree it is stated that the male successors can replace the crown on the shield by a helm.

This version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907.

Flag of the United States Virgin Islands

The flag of the United States Virgin Islands was adopted in 1921. The eagle holds a branch in one talon, and three arrows in the other, meaning the three major islands: Saint Thomas, Saint John, and Saint Croix. Additionally, the colors of the flag are: yellow, showing various characteristics of the territory and the flowers; green, symbolizing the hills; white, meaning the clouds; and blue, depicting the waters.

The idea of a Virgin Islands Flag began with Rear Admiral Summer Ely Whitmore Kitelle, who was governor of the Islands on April 26, 1921. He approached Mr. White, and Percival Wilson Sparks, and asked them for suggestions for a flag design. Sparks, a cartoonist, drew a flag on paper. Afterwards Sparks transferred it on heavy cotton material, then asked his wife Grace and her sister Blanche Joseph to make the design.

Morphine (band)

Morphine was an alternative rock band formed in 1989. They released the studio albums "Good", "Cure for Pain", "Yes", and "Like Swimming". They also released one greatest hits album in February of 2003. 



Pietro Acciarito

Pietro Umberto Acciarito (1871 - 1943) was an Italian anarchist. Born in france, he lived near Rome. Acciarito is famous because he tried to kill the Italian king, Umberto I, on 22 April 1897, for which he was sent to prison for life.



Good (Morphine album)

Good is the first album by rock band Morphine. It was released in 1992.


Francisco Ascaso

Francisco Ascaso Abadía (April 1, 1901 – July 20, 1936) was a famous Anarcho-syndicalist in Spain, friend of Buenaventura Durruti. He was born in Almudévar and died in Barcelona. In his life he traveled and fought in Spain, France, Argentine, Belgium, Germany, Sweden, Latin America and was deported to the Canary Islands. In the Spanish Civil War, the anarchist Ascaso joined the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT) and he fought in the first time in the armed group called and then in 1922 in the group called "Los Solidarios". In 1934 he became regional general secretary of the CNT. He died in the Spanish Civil War, on the first day of conflict in Barcelona. After his death, a groups of anarchists called them the "Francisco Ascaso Column".


Cure for Pain

Cure For Pain was the second album released by the band Morphine. It was put out on the Rykodisc label in 1993. The tracks "Sheila" and "In Spite of Me" were part of the soundtrack of the 1994 independent movie "Spanking the Monkey".


Marie Louise Berneri

Marie Louise Berneri (March 1, 1918 - April 13, 1949) was an anarchist activist and author. 

She was born in Arezzo, Italy, and she was the daughter of Camillo & Giovanna Berneri. The family went into exile in 1926 for resisting Mussolini. In 1936 her father went to Spain, to fight against the fascists in the Spanish Civil War. He was assassinated by communists in 1937. She wrote for many journals, articles as, "Revision", with Luis Mercier Vega and was a member of the group that edited "Revolt", "War Commentary", and the "Freedom newspaper" published by the Freedom Bookstore in London. She also wrote "Journey Through Utopia" and "Neither East Nor West". During the father's murder she was living in France and studying psychology at the Sorbonne University. She married Vernon Richards, also an active anarchist with many of the same groups and publications as she. In April 1945 she was one of the four editors of "War Commentary". In the post-war international anarchist conference in Paris, 1948 she was a member of the British delegation. Her mother and sister Giliane Berneri were members of the Italian and French anarchists delegations.

Marie-Louise Berneri died, along with her baby, during childbirth, 13 April 1949 at the age of 31. George Woodcock & Ivan Avacumovic dedicated their biography of Peter Kropotkin, "The Anarchist Prince" (1950) to Marie-Louise Berneri, "a true disciple of Kropotkin."



Marco Camenisch

Marco Camenisch (born 21 January 1952) is a Swiss anarchist and environmental activist. He was born in Schiers. He served several years in prison for the 1989 murder of a border guard in Brusio, Switzerland and other offences.

Camenisch has maintained his political ideas during his time in prison, and he has remained a political activist.


Sante Geronimo Caserio

Sante Geronimo Caserio (September 8, 1873 - August 16, 1894) was an Italian anarchist who assassinated the president of the French Third Republic, Marie François Sadi Carnot, by stabbing.

Caserio was executed by guillotine in Lyon at 5 am on August 16, 1894. In front of the guillotine, he shouted ""Coraggio, compagni — evviva l' anarchia!"" ("Courage, comrades — Long live anarchy!")




Pakistan Day

Pakistan Day (, lit. "Yaum-e-Pakistan") or Pakistan Resolution Day, also Republic Day, is a national holiday in Pakistan. It is celebrated on 23 March each year. It is the anniversary of the commemoration of the choosing the name "Pakistan" by Choudhary Rahmat Ali.

Karachi Agreement

The Karachi Agreement was a cease-fire agreement signed by Pakistan and India on the 27th of July 1949. It established a cease-fire line which could be monitored by observers from the United Nations. The Agreement was signed by the following:


Badshahi Mosque

The Badshahi Mosque (), or the 'Emperor's Mosque', is a mosque in Pakistan. It was built in 1673 by the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb in Lahore, Pakistan, near the Minar-e-Pakistan. It is one of the most famous historical places in Pakistan. It is one of the city's best known landmarks, and a major tourist attraction epitomising the beauty and grandeur of the Mughal It has four minarets. Two are minor and two are major.


Minar-e-Pakistan

Minar-e-Pakistan (; Mīnār-ĕ Pākistān or Yadgaar-e-Pakistan) is a tall minaret in Iqbal Park Lahore, built in commemoration of the Lahore Resolution.

Mazar-e-Quaid

Mazar-e-Quaid () or the National Mausoleum is the tomb of the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah. It is a symbol of Karachi throughout the world. The mausoleum was built in the 1960s. It is in the center of the city. Near the tomb there is a park that has strong lights that shine on the tomb at night. Here with Quaid-e-Azam, Liaquat Ali Khan and Fatima Jinnah are also buried.

Craig Anton

Craig Ward Anton (born August 28, 1962 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American actor and comedian. Anton is most notable for being the cast of comedians on the show "MADtv" and for his role as "Lloyd Diffy" in the Disney Channel Original Series "Phil of the Future".

Craig was born and raised in Omaha, Nebraska. He is the oldest son of Arthur and Antoinette Anton and of four children. Craig has two younger sisters, Toni (born 1964) and Megan (born 1977), and one younger brother, Brian (1970). Craig's parents are divorced and his father remarried. He is now married to Eileen McBay and they now live in Houston, Texas, while his mother lives in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Craig attended R.M. Marrs junior high school. He graduated from Burke High School in 1980 and attended University of Nebraska at Kearney. Craig begin his career as a college circuit comedian in the 1980s. In 1984, he traveled the Mediterranean and Middle East as part of the USO comedy tour, where he spent two months in Turkey, Greece, Italy, Israel, Bahrain, and Spain entertaining our troops and in 1985, he was named Showtime's Funniest Person in Nebraska. Craig was nominated from the NACA Campus Entertainer of the Year award three times.

During his three-year tenure, Anton received limited screentime on the show. He primarily did a stand-up segment during some episodes. Aside from his stand-up routine, Anton was often cast as an extra or supporting character. Anton's most enduring character was Clorox from the "Star Trek: Deep Stain Nine" sketches. Clorox was supposed to be the main nemesis of the sketch and was loosely based on Q from the "Star Trek" series. Anton left "MADtv" in 1998, at the end of the season.
Since leaving "MADtv", Anton developed an extensive resume on television. He co-starred in several television series, including shows like "The Army Show", "Random Play", and "Primetime Glick". In the late 1990s, Anton guest starred on television series credits included "Mr. Show with Bob and David", and "Coach". During the 2000s, Anton appeared in shows like "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "The King of Queens", "Ally McBeal", "Lizzie McGuire", "Everybody Loves Raymond", and "Weekends at the D.L." Anton has also appeared on shows like "Premium Blend" and "Late Friday" where he performed his stand-up routine.




In 2006, Craig was living in Los Angeles, California with his wife, Lesley Barr, and their two daughters, Ruby and Delphine. They had an Australian shepherd named Wayne and a cat named Snow White. Craig was doing "The Tomorrow Show".


Queer as Folk (American TV series)

Queer as Folk is an American-Canadian drama television series that aired from 2000-2005 on Showtime. It is a remake of a British program with the same name. The series follows the lives of several gay men living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Due to the cost of making the series, it was actually filmed in Toronto, Canada. Following its first episode, the series quickly became the most-viewed program on the Showtime network in the United States, despite its somewhat controversial and graphic depictions of gay life.

United States Secretary of Health and Human Services

The United States Secretary of Health and Human Services is the head of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, concerned with "health matters." The Secretary reports to the President of the United States. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet.

 (9)
 (15)

Status

United States Department of Health and Human Services

The United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), is a Cabinet department of the United States government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services. Its motto is ""Improving the health, safety, and well-being of America"". It was created in 1980; before 1980 it was called the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. The Agency’s Headquarters are located at the Hubert H. Humphrey Building in Washington D.C.

United States Secretary of Energy

The United States Secretary of Energy is the head of the United States Department of Energy, a member of the President's Cabinet, and fifteenth in the Presidential line of succession. The post was created with the formation of the Department of Energy on October 1, 1977 by President Jimmy Carter's signing of the Department of Energy Organization Act. The position was originally developed to focus on energy production and regulation. During the 1980s, the emphasis shifted to development of technology for better, more efficient energy sources as well as education regarding energy. As the Cold War ended, the department's efforts were more often devoted to nuclear waste disposal and maintenance of environmental quality.

 (7)
 (9)

Status

United States Department of Energy

The United States Department of Energy (DOE) is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government responsible for energy policy and nuclear safety. Its responsibilities include the nation's nuclear weapons program, nuclear reactor production for the United States Navy, energy conservation, energy-related research, radioactive waste disposal, and domestic energy production. DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories.

Dead Memories

"Dead Memories" is the third single by Slipknot from their fourth album, "All Hope Is Gone". The song was released on December 1, 2008. The music video for the single was directed by P. R. Brown and Shawn Crahan.

The music video for "Dead Memories" was directed by P. R. Brown. On September 30, 2008, the band's record label "Roadrunner Records" released a 15 second teaser video on YouTube which showed vocalist Corey Taylor in what looks like to be a grave in heavy rainfall. The video came out on MTV's "Headbangers Ball" on October 25, 2008 as part of the "Headbangers Ball" 20th anniversary special programming. The concept of the music video was percussionist Shawn Crahan's idea. Crahan calls the music video a "short film" and said that it was a "very" expensive video to make. Crahan's original idea was to have several rooms, he shared his idea with to vocalist Corey Taylor who decided what each room would be.

The video starts off with Taylor seen without his mask and dressed in casual clothes carrying a shovel and smoking a cigarette. He walks from an urbanized area (in the extended version, he is seen walking through a park, before approaching a car and smashing its headlights) in to a more rural area in the fields and begin to dig at the ground. He then seemingly falls through the ground and into a room below dressed in his Slipknot mask and cover-alls. The first room, which is a dark room with faint red lighting shows turntablist Sid Wilson who is seen barefoot, climbing all over the walls and is covered in dust and cobwebs. Taylor opens the drapes to attempt to look out of the window but can only see dirt. Wilson is then seen physically trying to stop Taylor from leaving the room by grabbing his pant leg. However, Taylor eventually leaves the room and enters a second which is occupied by drummer Joey Jordison, with tree branches instead of fingers and a crown of thorns on his head. The room features many photographs of Jordison on the walls and he is sitting in a chair surrounded by several females. Taylor walks around the scene looking at them without interacting with Jordison or the females, there is a moment in which Jordison is looking in a mirror and Taylor suddenly appears. Taylor then leaves the room and enters a third which is occupied by sampler Craig Jones who is standing straight upright and does not move throughout the scene. When Taylor enters the room the video is solarized and remains so throughout the time Taylor's in there. Taylor walks around Jones and inspects his mask and is seen touching the nails protruding from it. Jones then lights a smoke flare, which blinds Taylor, and is seen holding it in his right hand, but he [Taylor] finds the door then leaves the room and enters a fourth which is occupied by bassist Paul Gray.

This room is filled with mirrors, similar to that of a house of mirrors. Taylor is seen walking through the room while Gray seemingly follows him. Taylor then focuses on Gray and makes a waving gesture to seemingly establish if it's a mirror. Gray then gets aggravated, looks up and hits the mirror viciously, and Taylor is seen looking at a broken mirror and a reflection of himself. Taylor after he looks himself in the mirror, screams and looks around anxiously before he falls backwards out Paul Gray's rooms door and lands into a fifth room, which is occupied by percussionist Shawn Crahan. Crahan is seen with several females dancing around him while holding his baseball bat. Taylor is seen returning to his feet and he pushes his way through the crowd. Two of the females are seen trying to physically stop him from leaving the room by grabbing his clothes. Taylor then enters a sixth room which is a thin, blank corridor occupied by guitarist Mick Thomson. The two seemingly stand off, Taylor is seen trying to push past Thomson several times but is knocked backward several times with. Taylor is then seen stood at another door, as if Thomson was simply a mirage. He enters a seventh room which is occupied by guitarist James Root, Root is seen with several females in a room which is classically decorated. Throughout this room the video is reversed. Taylor is seen walking through the crowd almost unnoticed. He then enters an eighth room which is occupied by percussionist Chris Fehn. Fehn is seen lighting candles in the room which has walls covered in art. Taylor is seen observing and gaining interest in his actions while a female is seen walking around the room. Fehn is then seen lighting a candle and gives it to Taylor who blows it out. Taylor is then seen in casual clothes again outside in the rain digging, when a second Taylor rises from the hole dressed in his Slipknot mask and uniform, and the two see each other as it fades to black.

During album reviews for "All Hope Is Gone", "Dead Memories" was given good feedback for its melody and accessibility. Reviewing for Blabbermouth.net, Ryan Ogle says that the single shows Slipknot's diversity, he went on to say that it is "well-written and melodious". Dan Martin from "The Guardian" compared it to Metallica's song ""Enter Sandman"" and went on to say, "[it] is so listenable it's almost conventional." However, Jim Kaz of IGN said that the song almost detracts from the intensity of the album, stating, "it's at this point the band loses a little momentum." Additionally, Ogle of Blabbermouth.net also said that it's a song that "lack[s] the white hot fire that allows the rest of the disc to burn our asses."




Ted DiBiase Jr.

Theodore Marvin DiBiase, Jr. (born November 8, 1982) is an American professional wrestler. He was best known for his time in WWE. He is a former World Tag Team Champion with Cody Rhodes. He also starred in the sequel to "The Marine" which starred WWE wrestler John Cena.

DiBiase grew up in Clinton, Mississippi and graduated from Clinton High School in 2001. At Clinton, DiBiase was the football team's starting quarterback. He attended Mississippi College and was the starting wide receiver for the college's football team, before he left the squad after his freshman season. He graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Business Administration.

DiBiase first appeared on WWE television on May 26, 2008, where he said he was going to become a champion like his father WWE Hall of Famer, Ted DiBiase, and challenged the World Tag Team Champions, Cody Rhodes and Hardcore Holly. At Night of Champions, DiBiase won the World Tag Team Championship in his first match in WWE, after Rhodes turned on Holly, and decided to team up with DiBiase. They held the titles for a month, but then lost them to John Cena and Batista on August 4. The next week, DiBiase and Rhodes had a rematch, and won the titles back.

DiBiase and Rhodes were joined by Manu, but on the October 27, 2008 episode of "Raw", DiBiase and Rhodes lost their championship to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston. DiBiase was then taken off television, so he could film the movie "The Marine 2".

Clinton, Mississippi

Clinton is a city in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States. It's in the Jackson metropolitan area, and it's the tenth largest city in Mississippi. The population was 28,100 at the 2020 United States Census.

Apollo Beach, Florida

Apollo Beach is an unincorporated census-designated place in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. The population was 26,002 at the 2020 census.

Loco, Switzerland

Loco is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2001 the municipality of Loco was merged with the neighboring municipalities Auressio and Berzona to form a new and larger municipality Isorno.

Robert Gates

Robert Michael Gates (born September 25, 1943) was the 22nd United States Secretary of Defense. He took office on December 18, 2006 under George W. Bush and Barack Obama's administrations until his retirement on July 1, 2011 Prior to this, Gates served for 26 years in the Central Intelligence Agency and the United States National Security Council. Under President George H. W. Bush, Gates served as Director of Central Intelligence. He was also president of Texas A&M. He is currently Chancellor of the College of William and Mary.

Director of Central Intelligence

The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) was established by U.S. President Harry Truman on January 23 1946 with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position. The DCI was coordinating intelligence activities among and between the various United States intelligence agencies, also called the American Intelligence Community.

Until April 2005, the DCI also served as de facto Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and was often referred to colloquially as the "CIA Director." After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States and the subsequent investigation by the 9/11 Commission, a movement grew to re-organize the Intelligence Community. That movement prompted the creation, on April 21, 2005, of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI), in whose purview was the job portfolio that had been performed previously by the Director of Central Intelligence. The latter position then ceased to exist.

Director of National Intelligence

The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) is the United States government official subject to the authority, direction and control of the President who is responsible under the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 for:

Donald Rumsfeld

Donald Henry Rumsfeld (July 9, 1932 – June 29, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. Rumsfeld was the 13th United States Secretary of Defense under President Gerald Ford from 1975 to 1977, and the 21st Secretary of Defense under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2006. 

He was both the youngest (43 years old) and the oldest (74 years old) person to have held the position, as well as the only person to have held the position for two non-consecutive terms. Rumsfeld was also the second-longest serving Secretary of Defense, behind Robert McNamara.

Rumsfeld was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois between 1963 until 1969. He was also the Ambassador to NATO from 1973 until 1974. He was also the White House Chief of Staff from 1974 until 1975 during the Gerald Ford presidency.

He ran for President of the United States in the 1988 election, but withdrew before any primary contests were held. He thought about running again in the 1996 election, but did not run and helped Bob Dole's campaign.

Rumsfeld died of multiple myeloma at his ranch in Taos, New Mexico on June 29, 2021 at the age of 88.

Robert McNamara

Robert Strange McNamara (June 9, 1916 - July 6, 2009) was an American business executive and former United States Secretary of Defense. After being an executive at Ford Motor Company, McNamara served as Defense Secretary from 1961 to 1968, during the Vietnam War under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson. After holding that position he served as President of the World Bank from 1968 until 1981. He was of Irish ancestry on his father's side.

McNamara was born in San Francisco into an Irish family. He graduated from high school in 1933. McNamara was an Eagle Scout. He went to the University of California, Berkeley where he got a degree in economics. He went to Harvard University for his MBA. After a short time working as an accountant he taught at Harvard. He married his high school sweetheart, Margaret Craig, in 1940. In 1943 he joined the Air Force. During the war, he looked at how effficent bombers were working and rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel. For his service in World War II, he was given the Legion of Merit.

In 1946 McNamara got together with Charles "Tex" Thornton and eight other people who, like Thornton, he knew from the military and went into business. The group was hired by Ford Motor Company, which was going through a difficult time. This group was known as the "Whiz Kids". The Whiz Kids made changes to the company that led to it becoming more profitable and its cars getting better reviews and better sales. He rose through the company fast. In 1960 he became the President of Ford. He helped launch several successful models, like the Lincoln Continental and the Ford Falcon and put in some of the first modern safety features to be seen in cars.

In 1960, John F. Kennedy was elected president. After he asked Robert A. Lovett to be his Defense Secretary, Lovett said no but recommended McNamara. McNamara was considered for both the Defense and Treasury Secretaries even though he was (and was for his entire life) a member of the Republican Party (Kennedy was a Democrat). He wasn't interested in being Treasury Secretary but eventually decided to be Kennedy's Secretary of Defense.

McNamara was known for using statistics to make decisions about the military and to make it more efficient. He tried to cut down on wasteful spending, often by merging programs into more efficient single ones. He also worked to end discrimination based on race and sex in the US Military. While in Kennedy's cabinet, he became good friends with Robert F. Kennedy, the Attorney General at the time (and brother of the president). McNamara was a big supporter of the space program and was one of the first people in government to suggest going to the moon. He wrote a recommendation to Kennedy in 1961 in support of a moon mission. Kennedy made the moon mission a priority for NASA, and the US went to the moon for the first time in 1969.

McNamara ended the "Massive Retaliation" policy that came from the presidency of Dwight Eisenhower. Instead, McNamara put in place "flexible response" which allowed more options for defending the US. President Kennedy very much wanted to fight communist revolutions and wars to stop Soviet power from spreading, and McNamara supported this. He also played a big role in peacefully ending the Cuban Missile Crisis. He advised Kennedy to blockade Cuba and stop the Soviet Union from putting more missiles there. Kennedy agreed and their strategy worked.

John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963. His successor, Lyndon Johnson, kept McNamara as Defense Secretary. He became a major leader of the Vietnam war, and he and General William Westmoreland were the two biggest leaders in the American military during the war. In order to stop the communists from taking over Vietnam, McNamara sent more troops to the country. Over a number of years this stopped the North Vietnamese Army from winning the war, but as large amounts of American soldiers were killed the war became very unpopular with the people. He and the president strongly disagreed on troop levels - McNamara wanted to stop the increase in troops but Johnson wanted to send more over. McNamara resigned from the Defense Department in 1968. Johnson did not run for reelection that year and the election was won by Richard Nixon, who ran on a promise to end the war. Nixon signed a peace treaty in 1973, but the North Vietnamese would eventually win the war after the US pulled out.

McNamara shifted control of the war from commanders in the field to management experts in Washington. He did this by collecting data of different kinds, but also by appointing General Westmoreland as commander of the forces in Vietnam. 
For McNamara's "manager" in Vietnam, General Westmoreland, the key numbers were the "cross-over point"... when NVA/VC losses in South Vietnam... would be greater than the NVA's ability to replace those losses".

As we now know, the US forces were gradually getting on top, when a mixup in intelligence failed to warn them of a big NVA offensive. The famous surprise Tet Offensive of the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) was reported by the press in the US as a serious defeat for the US, when in fact it was a considerable success: the NVA had suffered huge casualties. 

After leaving the Defense Department, McNamara received the Medal of Freedom, published a book, and was hired as President of the World Bank. In 1972 he was in the news when a man saw him on a ferry boat in Massachusetts and tried to throw him in the ocean. McNamara told police not to press charges. While at the World Bank he focused on reducing world poverty. He was the first World Bank leader to make this the organization's top priority and he was often praised for this. McNamara also helped the World Bank fight disease. He retired from the World Bank in 1981.

He wrote a memoir in 1995. McNamara enjoyed food and cooking, and started an orchard business in his retirement. A movie was released made of interviews and clips about McNamara in 2003 called the Fog of War. He was a trustee of the California Institute of Technology and the Brookings Institution. There is a scholarship of the World Bank in his honor.

In his later list McNamara said that he and the Kennedy and Johnson administrations "were wrong" about Vietnam. He said if he had known in the 1960s what he knows now he would've made a different decision.

McNamara died in Washington DC in 2009. He was 93 when he died. He is buried at the Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

James Forrestal

James Vincent Forrestal (February 15, 1892 – May 22, 1949) was a United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense.

Yaoi

Yaoi (Japanese: やおい) is a term for fiction that shows homosexual male relationships but is usually created by men and women (called Fudanshi/Fujoshi, from the Japanese 腐女子, literally "rotten girl" and 腐男子, "rotten boy"). Most yaoi fans are male and female.

There are also works of fiction that show lesbian relationships. This is called "yuri". It is mostly created by men. Some yaoi are based off of real events but most are from the artist's imagination. One example of yaoi anime is "Sekaiichi hatsukoi", a good example of a great yaoi manga is "Obnoxious Hero-kun". 

Yuri (manga)

Yuri () is a genre about relationships between women in manga, anime, light novel, dōjinshi, webcomics, and other Japanese media. Yuri can be either about spirit, sex, friendship or emotions in such relationship.

"Yuri" is a jargon word and it normally means "lily" in Japanese. The terms "S-class", "Girls Love" and "shoujo-ai" are also used to describe this genre.

Immigration

Immigration means people moving from their native regions into another country to live. People who immigrate are called immigrants. Some are illegal immigrants. Some immigrants are refugees and some ask for political asylum. 

If someone wants to immigrate to the United States, that person has to apply to become a legal citizen. If the person is accepted, they will receive a green card. A green card is a piece of evidence stating that the person is trying to legally stay within the country's borders. The person must keep the green card for at least five years in order to become a citizen of the United States of America. (USA-GOV pg. 1) 

"Immigrant" and "emigrant" both describe human migration. The same people are "emigrants" when they leave their own country or region, and "immigrants" when they arrive somewhere else.

The phrases "many people emigrated from Europe in the 19th century to America" and "many people immigrated to America from Europe in the 19th century" have the same meaning.

As with other changes, people go to another place for several reasons:

Immigration has always been difficult. When people immigrate, they leave behind their friends, families, and culture. They also have to sell what they have, like a house, farm, or anything else too big to bring. Immigrating is also difficult because of the strict Immigration laws and qualifications within each country. It is hard to become a legal citizen of a country. It takes time (about 5 years in the US) and a lot of patience to become legally apart of a country. (USA-GOV pg. 1)

Learning different languages in order to feel comfortable in a country is also extremely difficult for some people They might not have the opportunity to go a to school and learn certain things. Not knowing or beginning to learn the language of a country the person immigrates to can be very uncomfortable at first. This is because communication is needed within our everyday lives, such as at work, in grocery stores, restaurants, and just everyday life. (Global Citizen, 2014, par. 3)

Travelling can also be very expensive. Many immigrants have to use all their money to pay fees or plane tickets.

Once immigrants arrive in the new countries, they can face many difficulties. They may have to get a job, find a house, and learn a new language. Immigrants can also be victims of racism.


White Lion

White Lion is a rock band from New York City. White Lion is a glam metal band. White Lion broke up in 1992 but was brought back by their singer Mike Tramp in 1999 with new members. White Lion made a new album called "Return of the Pride" in 2008.

White Lion's biggest hits are; "Wait" and "When the Children Cry".



Mike Tramp

Mike Tramp (born January 14, 1961 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish singer who sings for White Lion. He is the only member left in White Lion that was in the band when they were first made. After White Lion broke up in 1992 he joined a new band called "Freak of Nature", after that band broke up he had a solo career. In 1999 he brought White Lion back with new members, and made a new White Lion album called "Return of the Pride" in 2008.

Mike Tramp lives in Melbourne, Australia. He is married to Ayu Azhari and has three children.




Delta, British Columbia

Delta is a place in British Columbia, Canada. Delta is a part of Metro Vancouver. Delta is next to the cities of; Richmond to the north, Surrey to the east, and New Westminster to the north east. Delta is also next to Point Roberts to the south, Point Roberts is a part of Whatcom County, Washington, USA. Delta is the biggest place in Metro Vancouver by how much land it has, Surrey is the second biggest. The mayor of Delta is Lois Jackson.

Delta has three towns; Ladner, Tsawwassen, and North Delta.

Delta was made in 1868 by two people named William and Thomas Ladner. In 1879 Delta turned into a municipality.

In 1959, the George Massey tunnel was made and it connected Delta to Richmond. In 1986, the Alex Fraser bridge was made and it connected Delta to New Westminster. Four highways go through Delta; Highway 99, Highway 17, Highway 10, and Highway 91. The busy Tsawwassen Ferry Terminal is in Delta. Delta is also has a lot of farm land and the Burns Bog, which is the largest bog in North America.

Delta has three towns:





Surrey, British Columbia

Surrey is a city in British Columbia, Canada. It is a part of Metro Vancouver, which is next to the cities of; Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam to the north, Pitt Meadows to the north east, Langley to the east, New Westminster to the north west, White Rock to the south, and Delta to the west. Surrey is also next to Blaine, Washington, USA to the south.

Surrey has six town centres: Whalley, Newton, Guildford, Fleetwood, Cloverdale, and South Surrey.

The mayor of Surrey is Linda Hepner.

Surrey was made as a municipality in 1879, in the early 90s, more people started moving to Surrey and made it their home. In 1993, Surrey turned into a city.

In 1937, the Pattullo Bridge was made, and connected Surrey to New Westminster. The bridge also caused more people to move to Surrey. In 1964, the Port Mann bridge was built to connect from Surrey to Coquitlam. The Port Mann bridge is a part of the famous Trans Canada Highway. Six highways run through Surrey, Highway 10, Highway 99, Highway 99A, Highway 15, Highway 1, and Highway 1A. Surrey is the location of the peace arch, which is a monument at the Canada-US border. Surrey is also the second biggest city in British Columbia by population and it is expected to beat Vancouver's population as the biggest city in the province by 2020. Surrey is one of the fastest growing cities in Canada and the fastest growing city in Metro Vancouver.

The population in 2016 was 517,887.

Surrey has six town centres:







In 2020 a headline in the DailyHive said that "Surrey is on pace to become Metro Vancouver's new downtown"

Mark Lambert

Mark Lambert born 19 February, 1985 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a prop.


Sadism

Sadism is a condition in which people get pleasure from humiliating, harming or hurting others. Often the pleasure is of a sexual kind. When a person finds pleasure in being hurt or humiliated, their condition is called Masochism.

The terms "sadism" and "masochism" were both invented by Richard von Krafft-Ebing, a German psychiatrist. He named Sadism after the Marquis de Sade, a French nobleman who in the eighteenth century wrote many books, stories, and plays. Sade's books include many characters who find pleasure in cruelty, including torture and even murder.

These kind of people usually enjoy it when others are hurt, but specific ones love pain in general. Most of the time people who are masochistic or sadistic are sad in real life.

The condition is often fetishized on the internet and sometimes related to self-doubt or self-hate.

At first, Sadism meant only cruelty for sexual pleasure, but as the word became more widely used its meaning changed. Nowadays any person who enjoys being cruel to others can be called "sadistic," even if they get no sexual excitement from what they do.

Some people who have sadistic sexual fantasies mean no real harm to anyone. In BDSM a "top" or dominant person will bind his or her partner or "punish" them in different ways, but what they do will not go beyond limits which the partner has agreed on. On the other hand, a small minority are severely perverted or mentally ill and wish to act out their sadistic fantasies for real. Such people are rare, but they can be very dangerous. Many serial killers and psychopaths have been sexual sadists.

Treating sadism is difficult, but it looks like psychotherapy can help in certain cases. Note: It has not been proven that people with sadism can be successfully treated. The former statement is not accurate.


James Inglis (rugby union)

James Inglis (born 26 August 1986 in England) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a second-row. He has now moved to Roslyn Park RUFC.

James has subsequently retired from rugby and now teaches at a top independent boarding school. On 30 May 2019, James married the love of his life, Sarah McDonald, at Chateau de Blomac in front of close friends and family. 


Shane O'Connor

Shane O'Connor born 29 March, 1983 in Ireland is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a second-row.


Alex Rogers

Alex Rogers (born 16 December 1986 in England) is a rugby union player. he plays for the Newcastle Falcons in the English Premiership.

Rogers plays as a prop. Previously he played for the Harlequins. 


Gareth Williams (rugby union)

Gareth Williams (born 7 March 1988 in Wales) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a scrum-half.


David Blaney

David Blaney (born 3 March 1979 in England) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a hooker.


Ryan Prosser

Ryan Prosser born 10 July, 1988 in Wales is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a hooker.


Iain Grieve

Iain Grieve (born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a back-row. Unfortunately he has spent a number of years injured and almost single handedly bankrupted BUPA, the NHS & Bristol Rugby.


Chris Ashwin

Chris Ashwin (born 19 November 1987 in Gloucester) is a British rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a fly-half.


Network address translation

In computer networking, network address translation (NAT) is a technique of modifying the network address information in the IP packet headers while transferring the packet across a traffic routing device; such a technique remaps a given address space into another (usually smaller) address space. This allows multiple computers to share a single public IPv4 address, which has become necessary because there are not enough IPv4 addresses for every computer in the world.

Today, NAT is used to hide networks (called "network masquerading") or to hide IP (called "IP masquerading"). "Masquerading" is the mechanism that hides an entire address space, usually consisting of private network addresses (), behind a single IP address usually in the public domain address space. 

The NAT mechanism is implemented inside a routing device that keeps track of the "state" of the network connections. The NAT device may also implement a firewall. The router uses translation tables to map the "hidden" addresses into a single address and then rewrites the outgoing IP packets on exit from the router so that they appear to originate from the router. In the reverse communications path, responses to the outgoing packets are mapped back to the originating IP address using the reverse of the rules (""state"") stored in the translation tables. The outgoing IP packets establish the device translation tables.

The translation table rules established in the above way are cleared after a short period without new traffic refreshing their "state". However, most NAT devices today allow the network administrator to configure translation tables’ entries for permanent use. This feature is often referred to as "static NAT" or port forwarding and allows traffic originating in the 'outside' network to reach selected hosts in the "masqueraded network".

Carrier-grade NAT, also called large-scale NAT, is NAT done by the Internet service provider (ISP). This is used when the ISP has more customers than IP addresses. This is commonly used by cellular service providers on 3G and 4G networks, but it is not (yet) common on landline DSL or cable connections. The CIDR address block 100.64.0.0/10 is reserved for carrier-grade NAT, although many ISPs improperly use private addresses, which are 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, and 192.168.0.0/16.

NAT is used only in IPv4. It is not necessary in IPv6, because IPv6 has enough addresses for every computer in the world to have a global address.


Rey Mysterio

Óscar Gutiérrez (born December 11, 1974), better known by his ring name Rey Mysterio, is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE. He wrestles on the SmackDown brand. Mysterio is often said to be one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time. He is credited for making cruiserweight wrestling popular. Mysterio is one of the world's most recognizable "lucha libre" wrestlers.

Mysterio is the nephew of Rey Misterio Sr., He began his professional wrestling career in 1989 on the independent circuit. He was 14 years old. He signed with Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) in 1992. After a short time wrestling for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), Mysterio went to work for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1996. In WCW, Mysterio helped popularize "lucha libre" in the United States. This led to cruiserweight wrestling divisions being more popular. He won the WCW Cruiserweight Championship five times and the WCW World Tag Team Championship three times. He then wrestled for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). Mysterio joined World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 2002.

In WWE, Mysterio won the Cruiserweight Championship three times the World Heavyweight Championship and Intercontinental Championship twice, and the United States Championship three times. He also won the WWE Championship once and the WWE Tag Team Championship four times. He is WWE's 21st Triple Crown and Grand Slam champion, is a Royal Rumble match winner, and has headlined several WWE pay-per-view events. Mysterio left WWE in 2015 and wrestled for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Lucha Underground and AAA. Mysterio returned to WWE in 2018. He won the U.S. Championship twice and the SmackDown Tag Team Championship. His tag team partner was his son Dominik.

On March 3, 2015, it was announced that Mysterio resigned with Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He made his return to the promotion at the 2015 Rey de Reyes ("King of Kings"). He teamed up with Myzteziz in the main event against El Hijo del Perro Aguayo and Pentagón Jr.

On March 20, 2015, Mysterio teamed with Extreme Tiger to face El Hijo del Perro Aguayo and Manik. In the match, Mysterio used a headscissors takedown to throw Aguayo out of the ring. When Aguayo got back into the ring, Mysterio dropkicked him in the head to set up for his finisher, the 619 which caused Aguayo to land on the middle rope. Aguayo appeared to be limp while hanging on the middle rope. The match was finished when Mysterio pinned Manik. Aguayo was later brought out of the ring and was rushed to the Del Prado hospital. He was pronounced dead around 1:00am on March 21. Mysterio and Konnan were pallbearers at his funeral.



Router

A router is a computer whose software and hardware are designed to move data between computer networks. Routers move traffic to where it needs to go. They do this by choosing the shortest path between the computers using a complicated system of rules called routing protocols. Most routers have a specialized operating system, RAM, NVRAM, flash memory, and one or more processors. They also have two or more network interfaces. They come in a variety of sizes from something that could hold in the hand to something too large for one person to lift.

If a computer has an connection to the Internet, It is connected to a router that the computer sends data to. This is the first router the computer will connect to in order to get to the internet. It is known as a default gateway because it is the gateway to the internet. By convention, the gateway has the lowest IP address (like a phone number for a computer) in the subnet (a group of addresses). Anytime a computer makes a connection (such as a connection to www.wikipedia.org), the IP address of the destination server is found using a service called DNS (Domain Name System). Once the destination address has been found, the computer connects to the gateway router. The gateway then sends data to a router at the ISP (Internet Service Provider). That router is a part of the internet and connects to other routers until the data reaches the destination.

In small networks such as homes, small businesses (including internet cafés) and small schools, the router also performs NAT (network address translation) which makes all outgoing connections look like they come from one address. Typically, incoming connections are only allowed if they are replies to connections made by a computer inside the NAT.

Routers connect two or more networks and direct traffic between them. These networks may be physical (the network is associated with a port) or logical (not associated with a port on the router). The term layer 3 switch often is used the same as 'router', but it is a general term without a technical definition. Layer 3 switch implies a device that is built to connect Ethernet devices in a LAN but can also perform routing.

Router operating systems are split into two parts:


Network address

Network address may refer to:


Masochism

Masochism is a medical condition. People who suffer from it can get pleasure from being hurt or humiliated by others. Often, the pleasure is sexual. When a person gets pleasure from being the one who causes hurt or humiliation, their condition is called Sadism.

The word "masochism" was invented by Richard von Krafft-Ebing, a German psychiatrist. He named it after Leopold von Sacher-Masoch (1836-1895), a writer whose books and stories often featured men in love with women who treated them cruelly.

Many people with masochistic feelings do not really want to be hurt badly. They want to act out their daydreams, such as being tied up and kidnapped, or becoming the slave of another person. In BDSM, people often agree who will be "dominant/dom" and "submissive/sub" before they do anything together, and talk about exactly what they will do before they do it. People who do this kind of masochism usually do it for sexual excitement.

Most people who practice BDSM are concerned about their partner's safety. When people are careless about safety, or have no partner and play masochistic games when they are alone, it can be very dangerous. In some cases people have died from such games, especially when they involve suffocation, like hanging or rubber masks, even more dangerous when making it hard to get out by putting themselves in things like handcuffs.

Some people suffer from emotional masochism. They are more comfortable when they feel sad or consider themselves failures in life, or prefer to be in a relationship with someone who cheats or insults them. People who have these kind of feelings may have been bullied or abused earlier in life, or may feel that they do not deserve success and happiness.

Sometimes, self-injury is seen as a form of masochism which is not motivated sexually. Other behaviours, such as nail biting or trichotillomania often occur in situations where there is a lot of stress or pressure on the individual. While they are related to the individual's way to deal with stressful situations, they are also often rooted in the personality.

Treating masochism is difficult, but it looks like psychotherapy can help in some cases. People who like to be hurt during sex often say they're happy, though. Even not in sex, masochism can be natural in people.


Jon Fisher

Jon Fisher is an economist, an author, and a businessman. Fisher created his company Bharosa to create software to make computers safer. He is also a part-time professor at the University of San Francisco. Fisher has created forecasts about jobs in the United States. He said it was a mistake for the government to help banks in a weak economy. He has appeared on the news websites TechCrunch, Marketwired, and "The Wall Street Journal".

Jon Fisher was born on January 19, 1972. His parents are Gerald and Anita Fisher. They are both professors at Stanford University. Jon attended The Nueva School and Crystal Springs Uplands School. He graduated from the University of San Francisco.

In 1994, Jon Fisher started the company AutoReach. This company is now a part of AutoNation. In 1998, he formed a new company, NetClerk. This new company was purchased by the Builders Information Group in 2002. NetClerk created software that allowed people in the construction and plumbing industries to obtain online permits.

After working with NetClerk, Fisher gave his help to new business owners. He taught them how to reorganize and sell their business for a profit. In 2004, Fisher and Thomas Varghese started the company Bharosa. Fisher was the chief executive officer (CEO) for the company. Bharosa creates security software to make online customers safe.

Fisher currently works as the chief executive officer of CrowdOptic. He began to work there on November 17, 2010. He is also an adjunct professor at the University of San Francisco. Fisher has published a book titled "Strategic Entrepreneurism: Shattering the Start-Up Entrepreneurial Myths".

Fisher was recognized in 2008 and 2009 when he made several predictions about the direction of the United States economy. In April 2008, he said that the unemployment rate in the United States would be 9% in 2009. This fact became true. In 2009, Fisher said that unemployment would not be more than 10.4%. He said it would be 8% by the end of 2010.

Jon Fisher has received several honors for his work as an entrepreneur and teacher, including:




Lachlan Mitchell

Lachlan Mitchell (born September 30, 1987 in Sydney) is an Australian rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre.


Charlie Beech

Charlie Beech (born 21 July 1987) is an English rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a prop. He was born in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England.


Showgrounds

The Showgrounds is a football stadium in Sligo, Ireland. It has a capacity of 5,500. 2,400 of the 5,500 capacity are seated. There are two seated stands - a blue stand and a red stand which holds most of the seats. There is also a terrace - there used to be two, but the old one got knocked down along with the shed. There are two training pitches, one of them is astroturf. Sometimes there is a carnival in the car park. Sligo Rovers F.C. play their home games in the Showgrounds.

Hugo Ellis

Hugo Ellis (born 4 February 1988) is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a back-row. He was born in Isleworth, London, England.


Ross Batty

Ross Batty (born 20 September 1986 in England) is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a hooker.


Tim Swinson

Tim Swinson born 17 February, 1987 in London, England is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a lock.


Rory Clegg

Rory Clegg (born 6 January 1990 in Hanover, Germany) is an English rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a fly-half.


Private network

In Internet terminology a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space, following the standard. Computers may be allocated addresses from this address space when it is necessary for them to communicate with other computing devices on an Intranet network (internal private computer network that uses the Internet Protocol).

Private networks are quite common in home and office local area network (LAN) designs, as many organizations do not see a need for globally unique IP addresses for every computer, printer and other devices that the organizations use. Private IP addresses were created due to the shortage of publicly registered IP addresses created by the IPv4 standard. One of the reasons IPv6 was created is to overcome this limitation of the IPv4 standard. However IPv6 still did not achieve a widespread use.

Routers on the Internet should be configured to discard any packets containing private IP addresses in the IP packet header. This isolation gives private networks a basic form of security as it is not usually possible for the outside world to establish a connection directly to a machine using these private addresses. As connections cannot be made between different private networks via the internet, different organizations can use the same private address range without risking address conflicts (communications accidents caused by reaching a third party using the same IP address).

If a device on a private network needs to communicate with other networks, a ""mediating gateway"" (in-between gateway) is needed to ensure that the outside network is presented with an address that is "real" (or publicly reachable) so that Internet routers allow the communication. This gateway is typically a NAT device or a proxy server. Public Internet Routers by default will not forward packets with addresses. Unlike public Internet routers that need additional configuration to forward these packets, internal routers do not need any additional configuration to forward these packets.

This can cause problems, however, when organizations try to connect networks that both use the same private address spaces. There is a potential for clashes and routing problems if both networks use the same IP addresses for their private networks, or if both networks depend on NAT to connect them through the Internet.

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is the entity that manage global IP address allocation, DNS root zone management, media types, and other Internet protocol assignments. It is operated by ICANN.

For someone familiar with the boundaries of classful addressing, it is important to note that even though the range of 172.16.0.0-172.31.255.255 falls in the traditional class B range, the block of addresses reserved is not a /16, but a /12. The same applies for the range of 192.168.0.0-192.168.255.255; this block is not a /24, but a /16. However, someone can still (and many individuals typically do) use addresses from these CIDR blocks and apply a subnet mask appropriate for the traditional classful boundary of the address.

The current IANA "private internet" (also called non-routable) addresses are:

To reduce the load on root nameservers caused by the reverse DNS lookups of these IP addresses, a system of "black-hole" nameservers is provided by anycast network AS112.


Paul Cook (footballer)

Paul Anthony Cook (born February 22, 1967 in Liverpool) is an English former footballer and the current manager of Sligo Rovers F.C. in Ireland. He had a lengthy career, playing for a number of clubs in the Football League as a left sided or central midfielder before retiring from the game in 2006.

David Cook (singer)

David Cook is an American alternative rock and post-grunge singer-songwriter. He was born on December 20, 1982. His hometown is Blue Springs, Missouri.

In 2008, David was the winner of American Idol Season 7.

Roddy Piper

Roderick George Toombs (April 17, 1954 – July 31, 2015) better known by his ring name "Rowdy" Roddy Piper, was a Canadian professional wrestler and actor. During his career, Piper worked for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), World Wrestling Federation (WWF), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He played the role of a Scottish wrestler, most of a time he was a heel.

Piper was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was raised in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He is of Scottish heritage.

Piper hosted a popular interview segment in the WWF/E, called "Piper's Pit". The segment mainly aired during the late 1980s and early 1990s. It has been abandoned since Piper left the WWE, but was still done on special occasions when Piper made a special appearance. In 2005, Piper was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Ric Flair.

Piper also acted in many movies and television shows. One of his most well known roles was as a drifter in the 1988 movie "They Live".

Piper died of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by a pulmonary embolism on July 31, 2015 in Hollywood, California. A ten-bell salute for Piper was held at the beginning of the August 3, 2015 episode of WWE Raw.






Lolicon

, is a slang word for the phrase "Lolita complex". In Japan, the word explains a hebephilic desire for drawings of teenage or prepubescent, or a young girl who desires other girls. Outside Japan, the word is less common. It denotes a genre of manga and anime in which young female characters are shown in a sexual way. The word is a reference to Vladimir Nabokov's book, "Lolita". In the book, a middle-aged man sexually desires a 12-year-old girl.

Some people claim that lolicon adds to actual sexual abuse of children, while others claim that there is no facts that show this, or that facts show the opposite. Countries have tried to make lolicon that shows children naked or having sex illegal as a type of child pornography. 

One of the few that has made it actually illegal is the United Kingdom where the possession of lolicon pornography is illegal. These laws have been criticised heavily, and charges of lolicon child porn tend not to stick, because a judge reasons that no real children were harmed to make it and posses it and therefore it is not worth conviction, or because the harm that will be caused by giving the person a jail sentence is considered disproportionate to their charges.

The boy version is called Shotacon.

Behemoth

Behemoth is a metal band from Gdańsk, Poland. Their early albums were black metal, but later they switched to a mixture of death metal and black metal. The band has been important in the creation of the Polish extreme metal underground.


Reverse DNS lookup

Reverse DNS lookup (rDNS) is the process of determining the hostname or the host computer associated with a given IP address or any other type of network address.

Typically, the Domain Name System is used to determine what IP address is associated with a given domain name. So, to "reverse-resolve" a known IP address to determine the hostname is simply the process of searching what host and domain name belongs to that IP address. 

A reverse lookup is often referred to as reverse resolving, or more specifically reverse DNS lookup, and is accomplished using a "reverse IN-ADDR entry" in the form of a PTR record.


Polis

Polis means a city, a city-state and also citizenship and body of citizens. In context with Ancient Greece "polis" means nearly always "city-state."

The word originates from the ancient Greek city-states, which developed during the Archaic period and existed well into Roman times, when the equivalent Latin word was "civitas", that means 'citizenhood' as well.

An ancient "polis" often centered around a citadel, called the "acropolis". Nearly always it had an "agora" (market) and typically one or more temples and a "gymnasium". Many citizens of a "polis" did not live in the central city but in the suburbs or countryside. The Greeks regarded the "polis" as a religious and political association: while the "polis" would control territory and colonies beyond the city itself, the "polis" would not simply consist of a geographical area.

Modern European languages have many words that come from "polis". In English there are policy, polity, police and politics. In Greek, words coming from "polis" include "politēs" and "politismos".

A number of words end in the word "-polis". Most refer to a special kind of city and/or state. Some examples are:

Other refer to part of a city or a group of cities, such as:

The names of several other towns and cities in Europe and the Middle East have contained the suffix ""-polis"" since antiquity; or currently feature modernized spellings, such as ""-pol"". Some of the examples are:


The names of other cities were also given the suffix ""-polis"" after antiquity, either referring to ancient names or simply unrelated:
Thermopolis, Wyoming is a town in the United States of America but isn't classified as a city.


Doujinshi

Doujinshi are part of a larger category of dōjin. This category includes art collections, anime, hentai, and games.

People who make Doujinshi are often called "Indie" creators. There are entire genres of games and music dedicated to doujinshi. Due to the nature of Doujinshi, people who make it often find it more difficult to distribute their work than those who choose to distribute on traditional publishing or mainstream channels.


Mumia Abu-Jamal

Mumia Abu-Jamal (born Wesley Cook on April 24, 1954) is an American activist. He was convicted and given the death penalty for the 1981 murder of police officer Daniel Faulkner in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (U.S.). Before his arrest, he was a Black Panther Party member, taxi driver, and journalist. Since he was found guilty, his case has been popular around the world, and he has become a controversial cultural icon. Many people disagree on whether it is right for him to receive the death penalty, if he is guilty, or if he had a fair trial. While he was in prison, he has published several books and other commentaries, notably "Live from Death Row" (1995). As of 2013, Abu-Jamal is still in prison. His legal appeals are not settled, and he is a prisoner at State Correctional Institution Greene near Waynesburg, Pennsylvania. All of his appeals to date have been denied.

Overkill

Overkill is a thrash metal band from New Jersey. They formed in 1980 and have played music since then.



The Police

The Police were a British rock band who played a style of rock that was influenced by jazz, punk and reggae music. As of 2008, The Police are one of the most successful bands in the world having sold over 40,000,000 records worldwide. The Police, along with The Clash, are notable for using reggae as a major part of their musical form.

"Rolling Stone" ranked The Police number 70 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.

The Police were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on 10 March 2003.

The Police formed with Stewart Copeland in late 1976 as drummer, Sting as the singer-bassist and Henry Padovani as the guitarist. In early 1977 they recorded their first single, "Fall Out"/"Nothing Achieving,".






Damageplan

Damageplan was a heavy metal band from Dallas, Texas. They started playing in 2003 after Pantera's guitarist and drummer decided to start a new band. They only released one album, called "New Found Power". On December 8, 2004, the guitarist Dimebag Darrell was shot and killed by an obsessed fan named Nathan Gale during a concert. After the incident, the band broke up.

Down (band)

Down is a heavy metal band from New Orleans, Louisiana. They started playing in 1991 and the band consisted of members of several bands.

Triple DES

In cryptography, Triple DES is a block cipher created from the Data Encryption Standard (DES) cipher by using it three times. Triple DES is also known as TDES or, more standard, TDEA (Triple Data Encryption Algorithm ).

When it was discovered that a 56-bit key of DES is not enough to protect from brute force attacks, TDES was chosen as a simple way to enlarge the key space without a need to switch to a new algorithm. The use of three steps is essential to prevent meet-in-the-middle attacks that are effective against double DES encryption.

In general TDES with three different keys (3-key {k, k, k} TDES) has a key length of 168 bits: three 56-bit DES keys (with parity bits 3-key TDES has the total storage length of 192 bits), but due to the meet-in-the-middle attack the effective security it provides is only 112 bits. Another version, called two-key TDES (2-key TDES), uses k = k, thus reducing the key size to 112 bits and the storage length to 128 bits. However, this mode can be taken advantage of through certain chosen-plaintext or known-plaintext attacks and so TDES is treated by NIST to have only 80 bits of security.

By design, DES and therefore TDES, suffer from slow performance in software. TDES is better suited to hardware implementations, which are many of the places it is still used.

TDES is slowly disappearing from use, largely replaced by the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES). One large-scale exception is within the electronic payments industry, which still uses 2TDES extensively and continues to develop and spread standards based upon it (e.g. EMV, the standard for inter-operation of IC cards; also called ""Chip cards"", and IC capable POS terminals and ATM's). This guarantees that TDES will remain an active cryptographic standard well into the future.


Breakout (album)

Breakout is the second studio album by singer Miley Cyrus. The album was released July 22, 2008. Singles from the album include "Full Circle", "Fly On The Wall", "7 Things", "Wake Up America", and "Breakout'.

Cyrus performed a free concert at Bryant Park on July 18, as a part of "Good Morning America"'s summer concert series. Cyrus also guest hosted "TRL" on two consecutive days, appeared on "Today", and performed as a part of their summer concert series, shutting down 84th street for the first time because of the number of fans who attended.

"See You Again (Rock Mafia Remix)" is the second single from the album, it was released on August 11, 2008, only in the United Kingdom as a promotional single. This song peaked at #11 in the UK Singles Chart, making her first Top 20 in that region.


7 Things

"7 Things" is a single released June 2008 off the album "Breakout" by Miley Cyrus. The music video for "7 Things" was released May 30, 2008.

Girls Just Want to Have Fun

"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is a song by Cyndi Lauper. It was the first single by Lauper. The single reached number one in over ten countries. It received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. Cap'n Lou Albano was in the music video for the song.

The song was covered by Miley Cyrus. The Miley Cyrus version is off her album "Breakout". It has been covered on either an album or in live concert by over 30 other artists.

Advanced Encryption Standard

In cryptography, the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), is a symmetric-key, block cipher algorithm that was selected by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in 2001. It was selected for encrypting data. It is commonly used around the world. The Advanced Encryption Standard has replaced the Data Encryption Standard (DES). 

As of 2008, AES is one of the most popular algorithms used in symmetric key cryptography. It is available to programmers and the general public with various software packages.

AES is a type of Rijndael () block cipher developed by Belgian programmers, Vincent Rijmen and Joan Daemen.

The National Institute of Standards and Technology held a competition for a publicly available symmetric-key encryption algorithm and started accepting entries in 1997.

In 1998, fifteen algorithms were selected for the first round in the First AES Conference. After asking for comments, the NIST held the Second AES Conference where the top five algorithms were MARS, RC6, Rijndael, Serpent, and Twofish.

By 2000 and the end of the Third AES Conference, the NIST selected Rijndael for the AES proposal. For AES, NIST selected three members of the Rijndael family, each with a block size of 128 bits, but three different key lengths: 128, 192 and 256 bits.

The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) was published as a Federal Information Processing Standard on November 26, 2001.

AES has a fixed block sizes of 128 bits and three values of key size 128, 192, or 256 bits."The design and strength of all key lengths of the AES algorithm (i.e., 128, 192 and 256) are sufficient to protect classified information up to the SECRET level. TOP SECRET information will require use of either the 192 or 256 key lengths. The implementation of AES in products intended to protect national security systems and/or information must be reviewed and certified by NSA prior to their acquisition and use."

AES is fast in both software and hardware, is relatively easy to implement, and requires little memory.

The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is defined in:



Shōnen manga

Shōnen is a type of manga or anime meant for young teen boys usually between the ages of about 12 and 18. It often refers to manga. Examples include "Dragon Ball", "Bleach", "One Piece", "InuYasha", "Naruto", "YuYu Hakusho", "Yu-Gi-Oh!", and Fairy Tail

Shounen is usually noticed by its high amounts of fighting. It often has humorous plots with male characters. It often has themes of friendship. Fighting teams and similar groups are often shown. Attractive female characters are also common, but not always present. The art style of shounen is usually less pretty than shōjo.

Beyond shōnen manga, manga for men (age 18+) is called seinen manga. Very few seinen manga have been published outside of Japan. In Japan, many older men read shounen magazines. Because of this, in Japan, shounen manga magazines are the most popular manga magazines.

The Amazing Race

The Amazing Race is a American reality television/game show. It is broadcast on CBS, there is also an Australian version that is broadcast in Australia on Network 10.

In "The Amazing Race", 11 or 12 teams of two people race around the world for $1,000,000, with information provided by "clues", or Route Info. There are certain "legs" of the race, culminated by "Pit Stops". At Pit Stops, teams check in for a mandatory 12 hour rest period, although sometimes the period can be 24 hours, 36 hours, or even once 60. Usually, the first team to arrive at a Pit Stop will receive a prize, such as a trip to a Caribbean country. On most of the Pit Stops on the race, the last team to arrive is eliminated from the race. However, two or three of those points are non-elimination. In Seasons 1-4, there was no penalty for coming in last in a non-elimination. From Seasons 5-9, teams had to give up all of their money and start the next leg without money. Even stricter, in Seasons 7-9, teams had to turn over all of their luggage. In Seasons 10 and 11, teams would start the next leg "Marked for Elimination". That meant that if they did not come in first at the next Pit Stop, they would have to wait out a 30-minute penalty. Starting from Season 12, teams coming in last on Non-Eliminations have to do a Speed Bump. A Speed Bump is a task that no other teams have to do.

"The Amazing Race" has several different tasks that teams must complete. 

A Detour is a choice between two tasks. The team can choose which one it wants to complete. Teams are allowed to switch between Detour choices, in the American version there is a harsh 6-hour penalty if you quit a Detour, in the Australian version it is only 1 hour.

A Roadbock is a task where only one member of the team can perform. Teams cannot switch the member performing the task. There is a 4-hour penalty if teams quit.
A Fast Forward is a task in order for a team to skip tasks and head directly to the Pit Stop.

"The Amazing Race" was created by Bertram van Munster and Elise Doganieri in 2001. It has been airing from 2001 to present.
"The Amazing Race" is seen as hard to produce. Producers need to find places, come up with tasks and pick teams. Cameramen have to keep up with the teams, and people are not allowed to give away the results. However, "The Amazing Race" has won 6 Emmy awards.

Besides the original American version, "The Amazing Race" has generated several versions from around the world.

Financial crisis of 2007–2008

The financial crisis of 2007–2008 was a major financial crisis, the worst of its kind since the Great Depression in the 1930s. Until the COVID-19 recession, the financial crisis of 2007-2008 was considered the worst financial crisis during the 21st century.

In September 2008 many large financial firms in the United States collapsed, merged, or went under conservatorship (a person is assigned to manage a company when it cannot manage itself). The factors that led to the crisis were reported in business journals many months before September 2008.

There are many reasons why the crisis happened. Most economists believe that it started in the United States. From 1997 until 2006, people bought expensive houses, even though they did not have enough money for it. Since the money had come from other countries, it was easy to have good credit. People used this credit for expensive loans, causing the price of homes to rise. This created an economic bubble. Because they had a lot of money, the loaning companies made it easier to get a loan, even if the borrower didn't have a good credit history. These loans are known as subprime loans.

During this time, many home owners refinanced their homes. This caused their mortgage to change, giving them lower interest. After they refinanced, homeowners could take out another mortgage, for spending money. The loaning companies changed their loans so that they would have low interest at first and then increase later. This is known as an adjustable-rate mortgage. The companies often used these to convince more people to take loans. Many people with subprime loans also took these adjustable-rate mortgages, hoping that the good price of housing would help them refinance later.

While the housing prices were still high, many American and European companies, including banks, invested in subprime loans. These investments gave more money to the loaning companies, who used it to give out more subprime loans. These investments would make a lot of money as long as the price of housing was high. 

However, the housing companies built too many houses. This caused the price of housing to decrease beginning in the summer of 2006. The value of many homes dropped below the value of the remaining mortgage debt, so the owners were unable to sell and move away. This is called negative equity. About 8.8 million homeowners in the U.S. had zero or negative equity by March 2008. This caused the number of foreclosures on homes to increase, meaning that many people lost their homes. During 2007, almost 1.3 million U.S. homes began foreclosure proceedings. The number of houses for sale continued to increase, which made the prices decrease. The homeowners with subprime loans left their houses with less value than they had when they were bought, which meant that the loans were worth more money than the house. The loaning companies were not able to make money from these houses.

The collapse of the housing bubble caused the value of investments to fall. The companies that had invested in subprime loans lost a total of about $512 billion. Citigroup and Merrill Lynch were two companies that lost the most money. More than half of the money lost, $260 billion, was lost by American firms.

Total financial losses from lost economic activity and stock market declines have been estimated at $15 trillion.


Detritivore

Detritivores are animals that eat dead plants and animals. They also eat waste from other animals. They help to break down dead things and turn them into soil. This helps plants to grow. Detritivores are important for the environment. Some examples of detritivores are earthworms, millipedes, and woodlice, they live in the soil and eat dead leaves and other things. In the ocean, there are also detritivores like crabs and sea cucumbers, they eat dead things on the bottom of the ocean.

Detritivores are different from decomposers. Decomposers are things like bacteria and fungi. They break down dead things by absorbing them. Detritivores eat the dead things and break them down inside their bodies.

Detritivores are important for recycling nutrients in the environment. Detritivores also play an important role in food webs. They eat dead things and turn them into nutrients for plants. Then, herbivores eat the plants and get energy from them. Carnivores eat the herbivores and get energy from them. This is how energy flows through a food web. They also help to keep the soil healthy and help to clean up dead things, so they don't spread disease.

Detritivores also have different ways of finding food. Some, like earthworms, use their sense of touch to find food in the soil. Others, like crabs, use their sense of smell to find food in the water.

Detritivores have different ways of eating dead things. Earthworms swallow the dead things whole. Others, like millipedes, have special mouthparts to chew the dead things. Some detritivores, like woodlice, can even eat cellulose, which is a tough part of plants.

[1] Merriam-Webster (n.d.). "Detritivore Definition & Meaning". <nowiki>https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/detritivore</nowiki>

[2] BD Editors. (2019, March 27). Detritivore - Definition, Function and Examples | Biology Dictionary. Biology Dictionary. https://biologydictionary.net/detritivore/

[3] Kanchwala, H. (2019, March 23). Detritivore: Definition, Function and Examples. Science ABC. https://www.scienceabc.com/nature/animals/what-are-detritivores.html

[4] Detritivore | Definition, Role, & Examples. (n.d.). Tutors.com. https://tutors.com/lesson/detritivore-definition-examples

Skid Row (American band)

Skid Row is a Hard rock band from Toms River, New Jersey. They were active from 1986 to 1996, then reunited in 1999.

Skid Row have released 5 albums:


Carbon cycle

The carbon cycle is the way carbon is stored and replaced on Earth. Some of the main events take hundreds of millions of years, others happen annually.
The main ways that carbon gets into the carbon cycle are volcanoes, and the burning of fossil fuels like coal and gas. Through most of history, volcanoes were the biggest source of carbon to the carbon cycle, but in the last hundred years, people burning fossil fuels have been adding about a hundred times more CO to the air than volcanoes. That is, for every ton of CO added to the air by volcanoes, about 100 tons of CO have been added to the air by people through combustion.

The main way carbon gets taken out of the atmosphere is by photosynthesis by living organisms. Some of this gets released as they die and decompose, but a proportion gets buried in sediment. This is shown in the diagram. Sediment turns to rock, and it is the carbonate rocks like limestone which contain the now-solid CO. Some of the carbon from plants also becomes part of the soil, where it can stay for a long time before decomposing.

Another process takes CO out of the air. Weathering by rain washes out CO in the form of dilute carbonic acid. This reacts with rock, helping to dissolve and destroy it. This also ends up as sediment.

Some CO is also dissolved in the ocean. Right now, the oceans are taking in more CO than they are releasing, every year. However, this is making the oceans more acidic.

The store of carbon in sedimentary rock is far greater than the CO in the atmosphere (this is not shown in the diagram). Eventually it returns to the air as oceanic plates subduct in tectonic plates. At the margins of plate boundaries (and some other places) volcanoes form and spew out CO. This completes the cycle.

The carbon cycle is a process where carbon is recycled through the ecosystem. The concentration of carbon in living matter (18%) is almost 100 times greater than its concentration in the earth (0.19%). So living things extract carbon from their nonliving environment. For life to continue, this carbon must be recycled. See the diagram for a detailed look at the carbon cycle. An example of a route carbon takes in this cycle is carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is absorbed by plants and used in photosynthesis to produce sugars which the plant uses for energy. When the plant dies, it decomposes and the carbon stored in the plant will, over millions of years, form into coal (a fossil fuel). The coal is burnt and gives off carbon dioxide which goes into the atmosphere. 

At the moment, the carbon cycle, and how human activity is affecting it, is a big topic in international news. Fossil fuels are a non-renewable resource which means that they cannot be replaced easily. Our use of fossil fuels has nearly doubled every 20 years since 1900. This release of carbon dioxide contributes to the greenhouse effect and acid rain.

The carbon cycle was discovered by Joseph Priestley and Antoine Lavoisier, and popularized by Humphry Davy.


Skepticism

Skepticism or scepticism (Greek "skeptomai": to consider, to examine) refers to any view involving "doubt".


People who have skepticism as an attitude, opinion, or method are called skeptics or sceptics.

Skepticism is not just a belief that something is incorrect. It is a system of thought which acts against superstitions and rumours. Characteristic of skepticism is the attitude that any statement is judged on the evidence for or against its truth. 

Skepticism on philosophy has its roots in ancient Greek philosophy. 

The Greek Sophists of the 5th century BC, such as Protagoras of Abdera (480–411 BC), were mostly skeptics. Gorgias (485–380 BC) said, "Nothing exists; if anything does exist, it cannot be known; if anything exists and can be known, it cannot be communicated". In the 4th century BC Pyrrho of Elis (c360–275 BC), who travelled and studied as far as India, adopted practical skepticism. Carneades (c213–129 BC) disagreed that things were completely true or false. He criticized the Dogmatists, especially Stoics. He said that completely certain knowledge is impossible. Sextus Empiricus (c200 AD), the main authority for Greek skepticism, brought together empiricism into the basis for stating knowledge.

Skepticism comes from Asian philosophy, too. The Chinese philosopher Zhuangzi (c369–c286 BC) said that what seems real could be just a dream. In Indian philosophy, the Cārvāka school thought that we should neither try to infer knowledge nor trust what other people tell us. In Buddhism, Nāgārjuna said that nothing exists by itself, and that this idea is an important part of enlightenment.

The most important part of the argument is that unless we know "something" for certain, then we cannot know "anything". The interest lies in the way great philosophers have tried to solve this problem. Some, like Descartes, retreat into the mind: "I think, therefore I am". Others, such as the British empiricists John Locke and David Hume, would rely on our sense perception. Certain kinds of knowledge may be especially vulnerable to skepticism. For example, an agnostic believes people cannot get knowledge about supernatural things. 

Skepticism is widely used as a method for research in science, and (with changes) in modern legal procedure. Here doubt, suspending judgement, careful investigation, testing and discussion come before any statement of facts. Sometimes the process takes years before consensus is reached. This systematic approach is called "methodological skepticism". It is probably the most important legacy of the skeptics.

In Islamic philosophy, philosophical skepticism was started by Al-Ghazali, known in the West as "Algazel", as a part of the orthodox Ash'ari school of Islamic theology. It has been said that Rene Descartes' ideas in "Discourse on the Method" may have been influenced by Al-Ghazli.






United States Secretary of War

The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President's Cabinet, beginning with George Washington's administration. A similar position, called either "Secretary at War" or "Secretary of War," was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789. Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position. When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution, he appointed Knox to continue serving. 

The Secretary of War led the War Department. At first, he was responsible for all military affairs. In 1798, the Secretary of the Navy was added to the cabinet, and the scope of this office was reduced to a general concern with the Army. In 1947, the departments were recombined under the Secretary of Defense. The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force, non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense.

United States Secretary of the Navy

The United States Secretary of the Navy (SECNAV) is the civilian head of the Department of the Navy. The position was a member of the President's Cabinet until 1947, when the Navy, Army, and newly created Air Force were placed in the Department of Defense and the Secretary of the Navy was placed under the Secretary of Defense.

United States Postmaster General

The United States Postmaster General is the executive head of the United States Postal Service. The office, in one form or another, is older than both the United States Constitution and the United States Declaration of Independence. Benjamin Franklin was appointed by the Continental Congress as the first Postmaster General, serving slightly longer than 15 months.

In 1971, the United States Post Office Department was re-organized into the United States Postal Service, a special agency independent of the executive branch. Thus, the Postmaster General is no longer a member of the Cabinet and is no longer in line to be President.

White House Chief of Staff

The White House Chief of Staff is the highest-ranking member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States and a senior aide to the President. The CoS does things previously done by the President's private secretary. Jeff Zients became White House Chief of Staff in February 2023.

Edmund Randolph

Edmund Jenings Randolph (August 10, 1753– September 12, 1813) was an American attorney, Governor of Virginia, Secretary of State, and the first United States Attorney General.

John R. Steelman

John Roy Steelman (June 23, 1900 - July 14, 1999) was the first Assistant to the President of the United States serving President Harry S. Truman from 1946 to 1953. The office later became the White House Chief of Staff.

James Baker

James Addison Baker, III (born April 28, 1930) is an American attorney, politician, political administrator, and political adviser.

He served as the Chief of Staff in President Ronald Reagan's first administration and in the final year of the administration of President George H. W. Bush. Baker also served as Secretary of the Treasury from 1985 to 1988 in the second Reagan administration, and Secretary of State in the George H. W. Bush administration.

James Baker is the namesake of the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy at Rice University in Houston, Texas.

National Library of China

The National Library of China is one of the world's largest libraries found in Beijing, China. It has a large collection of ancient Chinese documents and books, as well as contemporary literature.


Ronaldinho

Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980), more commonly known as Ronaldinho, or Ronaldinho Gaúcho, is a retired Brazilian footballer. Considered the best player in world football for several years, he is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, and by some, as the greatest ever. He was known for his dribbling, passing, flair, skills, and ability to create and score goals, all prominent characteristics of his early-age background playing futsal. He is the only player ever to have won a World Cup, a Copa América, a Confederations Cup, a Champions League, a Copa Libertadores and a Ballon d'Or.
At club level, he is best known for playing for F.C. Barcelona. After scoring two solo goals in the first 2005–06 El Clásico, he became the second Barcelona player, after Diego Maradona in 1983, to receive a standing ovation from Real Madrid fans at the Santiago Bernabéu. In 2009, he was voted "World Player of the Decade 2000s", ahead of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. In Brazil, his admirers and supporters call him "O Bruxo" ("The Wizard"). 

After a successful club career at F.C. Barcelona, Ronaldinho was appointed ambassador of the club in September 2016.

Source:
!Total||97||33


Les Ferdinand

Les Ferdinand (born 8 December 1966) is a former football player. He has played for England national team.

!Total||17||5

Beşiktaş

Tottenham Hotspur

Individual

Chris Sutton

Chris Sutton (born 10 March 1973) is an English former footballer. He has played for the English national team.

278||85
130||64
408||149

!Total||1||0

Teddy Sheringham

Teddy Sheringham (born 2 April 1966) is an English professional footballer turned manager. He is best known as an association football player. He has played for England national team.

In 2009, Sheringham was named to the English Football Hall of Fame.

734||275||56||30||55||27||32||9||877||341
21||13||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||21||13
755||288||56||30||55||27||32||9||898||354

!Total||51||11

Dwight Yorke

Dwight Eversley Yorke CM (born 3 November 1971) is a retired Trinidadian football player. He has played for Trinidad and Tobago national team. He won the 1998–99 Premier League Golden Boot, along side Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Michael Owen. This made him the joint first foreign Golden Boot winner.

Aston Villa

Manchester United

Sydney FC

Sunderland

Trinidad and Tobago

Individual


Uwe Seeler

Uwe Seeler (;5 November 1936 – 21 July 2022) was a German football player. He played for Hamburger SV and West Germany national team.

Seeler died on 21 July 2022 in Norderstedt, Germany at the age of 85.

Hamburger SV

West Germany

Individual


Herbert Chapman

Herbert Chapman (19 January 1878 – 6 January 1934) was an English football player and manager.

Jari Litmanen

Jari Litmanen (born 20 February 1971) is a Finnish football player.

200||65
179||96
21||3
26||5
13||1
10||3
449||173

!Total||137||32

MyPa

Ajax

Liverpool

HJK


Denis Compton

Denis Compton (23 May 1918 in Hendon, Middlesex – 23 April 1997 in Windsor, Berkshire) was an English cricketer and football player. He played cricket for the England cricket team and football for Arsenal.

Jan Mølby

Jan Mølby (born 4 July 1963) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team. Since retiring he has become the Head of the Greeters Guild.

40||0||||||||||||||40||0
57||11||||||||||||||57||11
267||52||28||4||31||10||7||1||333||67
364||63||28||4||31||10||7||1||430||78

!Total||33||2

Tore André Flo

Tore André Flo is a former football player. He has played for Norway national team.

134||71||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||134||71
191||42||13||1||10||5||32||12||246||60
68||34||5||4||3||1||7||1||83||40
63||13||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||63||13
456||160||18||5||13||6||39||13||526||184

!Total||76||23

Iván Zamorano

Iván Zamorano (born 18 January 1967) is a former Chilean football player. He has played for Chile national team until 2001.

43||43
56||34
196||97
101||25
56||30
452||229

!Total||69||34

Mark Hopley

Mark Hopley (born 1 May 1984) is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He was born in Crewe, Cheshire. He plays as a flanker.


Formentera

Formentera is the smallest of the 4 Balearic Islands with population.

It is located south of Ibiza (about 10 kilometers), south-west of Mallorca (about 50 kilometers).
Its area is 83.24 km² (32.14 sq mi).
Formentera has about 7,500 inhabitants. 
The island was built by volcano eruptions.
It has two high areas in the east and the south and a falt area in between.
Main town is Sant Francesc Xavier.

First people, who settled on Formentera, were the Carthaginians, later the Romans came there. Often the island lost its complete population, for example after the Vandals came there.
In the middle ages Arabs governed the balearic island, then Catalans took over the island, Formentera became part of the new kingdom of Mallorca.
Later that kingdom became a part of Spain.

The island lives mainly on tourism. Most tourists are from Germany, the United Kingdom and Italy and France.
Even the other economic activities like fishing deal with tourism. 


Menorca

Menorca (Spain, Catalan: "Menorca") is the most east of the Balearic Islands.

Menorca is located east of Mallorca. It has an area of . About 88,000 people live there. The main town is Mahón, which has about 27,000 people.

Menorca was influenced by the Minoans. Later it was ruled by Carthage, and by Rome after the Punic Wars. From the 5th century AD there was a seat of a bishop on Menorca. The Vandals invaded but the Byzantine Empire recovered Menorca in 534. The Moors took over in 903. In 1287 the Christians took it back and enslaved the Muslims.

Later Menorca was ruled by the Kingdom of Mallorca. In 1334 it became part of Aragon, which later became part of Spain. In 1713 the British conquered Menorca but in 1781 the Spanish recovered it in the American Revolutionary War.

Menorca lives mainly on tourism. There is one airport near the main city.


Sajid Mahmood

Sajid Iqbal Mahmood (born 21 December 1981 in Bolton, Greater Manchester) is an English cricketer of Pakistani Janjua Rajput descent. He is a right-arm fast bowler who plays international cricket for England and county cricket for Lancashire.

Flag of Sri Lanka

The Flag of Sri Lanka, also called the Lion Flag, has a gold lion passant, holding a sword in its right fore paw, in front of a crimson background with four golden bo leaves in each corner. Around the background is a yellow border, and to its left are two vertical stripes of equal size in saffron and green, with the saffron stripe closest to the lion.

It became the flag in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Sri Lanka D.S. Senanayake.

RC4

In cryptography, RC4 (also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4, see below) is one of the most common software stream ciphers. It is used in popular protocols like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) (to protect Internet traffic) and WEP (to secure wireless networks).

RC4 is known for being simple and quick, but attacks are likely to happen when the start of the output keystream is not removed, or one keystream is used twice; some ways of using RC4 can turn into very insecure cryptosystems such as WEP.

RC4 was created by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987. While its official name is "Rivest Cipher 4", the RC abbreviation is also known to stand for "Ron's Code" (see also RC2, RC5 and RC6).

RC4 was first created as a trade secret, but in September 1994 a description of it was posted to the Cypherpunks mailing list. It was soon posted on the sci.crypt newsgroup, and from there to many websites on the Internet. The code was confirmed to be genuine(not fake) as its output matched that of proprietary software using licensed RC4. Because the algorithm is known, it is no longer a trade secret. The name "RC4" is trademarked, however. RC4 is often referred to as "ARCFOUR" or "ARC4" (meaning Alleged RC4, because RSA has never officially released the algorithm), to avoid possible trademark problems. It has become part of some commonly used encryption protocols and standards, including WEP and WPA for wireless cards and TLS.

The two main reasons which helped its use over such a big range of applications are its speed and simplicity. Uses of RC4 in both software and hardware are extremely easy to develop.

The RC4 encryption algorithm is started with a different key length, usually between 40 and 256 bits, using the "key-scheduling" algorithm (KSA). Once this has been completed, the stream of encrypted bits is created using the "pseudo-random generation algorithm" (PRGA).

RC4 fails the standards set by cryptographers for a secure cipher in many ways, and is not recommended for use in new applications as there are a lot of methods of attacking RC4. Dropping the first kilobyte of data from the keystream can improve the security somewhat.


Where a cryptosystem is marked with "(optionally)", RC4 is one of several ciphers the system can be set to use.


"RC4"

"RC4 in WEP"

General Electric

General Electric is a big and multinational company based in the United States. It was created in 1892 by Thomas Edison through merging several companies that initially made electrical things. In the middle 20th century it became a major maker of turbojet engines and now makes many things. 

As of 2008, they are the third biggest company in the world. In May 2020, it sold its light bulb business. 

Blowfish (cipher)

In cryptography, Blowfish is a keyed, symmetric block cipher, made in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and since 1993 has been included in a large number of encryption products. Blowfish has a good encryption rate in software and until 2008 no cryptanalytic attack model of it has been found. However, the AES block cipher algorithm now has more attention.

Schneier made Blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm, to be used as a replacement for the old DES algorithm and to remove the problems and difficulties of other encryption algorithms. At the time Blowfish was released, many other algorithms were proprietary, or were secrets. Schneier has said that, "Blowfish is unpatented, and will remain so in all countries. The algorithm is hereby placed in the public domain, and can be freely used by anyone."

Main features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule. Blowfish is one of the fastest block ciphers used by many people, except when changing keys. Each new key needs to be pre-processed which takes the same time as encrypting about 4 kilobytes of text, which is very slow compared to other block ciphers. This stops its use in certain applications (such as in the smallest embedded systems like the early smartcards), but it is not a problem in other applications. In one of the applications, it is actually good: the password-hashing method used in OpenBSD uses an algorithm that comes from Blowfish which makes use of the slow key schedule; the idea is that the extra computational effort required gives protection against dictionary attacks. "See" key strengthening.

Blowfish has a 64-bit block size and a variable key length from 0 up to 448 bits
It is a 16-round Feistel cipher and uses large key-dependent S-boxes. It is similar in structure to CAST-128, which uses fixed S-boxes.

In 1996, Serge Vaudenay found a known-plaintext attack needing 2 known plaintexts to break, where "r" is the number of rounds. Moreover, he also found a class of weak keys that can be detected and broken by the same attack with only 2 known plaintexts. This attack cannot be used against the regular Blowfish; it assumes knowledge of the key-dependent S-boxes. Vincent Rijmen, in his Ph.D. papers, introduced a second-order differential attack that can break four rounds and no more. Still there is no known way to break the full 16 rounds, apart from a brute-force search.
A sign extension bug in one of the published C code has been found in 1996.

There is no good cryptanalysis on the full-round version of Blowfish known publicly till 2008. However, in 2007, Bruce Schneier noted that while Blowfish is still in use, he recommended using the new Twofish algorithm instead 




Hal Colebatch

Sir Harry Pateshall Colebatch (29 March 1872 – 12 February 1953) was the 12th Premier of Western Australia from 17 April to 17 May 1919. He was from the Nationalist Party. He was Premier for the shortest time in Western Australian history. This was because he was a member of the upper house of Parliament and it was usual for the Premier to be from the lower house. When he could not find a position in the lower house he resigned. 

Henry Lefroy

Sir Henry Bruce Lefroy (24 March 1854 – 19 March 1930) was the 11th Premier of Western Australia from 28 June 1917 to 17 April 1919. He was from the Nationalist Party. He became premier after the Australian Labor Party split over the issue of conscription. Labor politicians led by John Scaddan agreed to join the Nationalist Party if Lefory was the leader, not Frank Wilson. He found it diificult to keep control over a government formed by different political parties. When it was discovered that he had used his casting vote in a Cabinet meeting to keep the leadership, he was forced to resign. He lost his seat in the 1921 elections and retired back to his farm.

Chevvy Pennycook

Chevvy Pennycook (born 6 April 1987 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a flanker.


John Scaddan

John Scaddan (4 August 1876 – 21 November 1934) was the 10th Premier of Western Australia from 7 October 1911 to 27 July 1916. He was from the Labor Party. He was only 35 when he won a record majority of seats in the 1911 elections, making him the youngest premier of Western Australia.

His parents were from Cornwall and had moved to Moonta to work in the large copper mines. They later moved to Eaglehawk, near Bendigo where Scaddan worked in the gold mines and studied to be an engine driver. In 1896 he moved to the Western Australian goldfields. He was elected to parliament in 1904 where he became famous for his long speeches, some going for me than three hours. He became premier when the Labor Party won the 1911 election. He believed that the government should own and control businesses and he set up state owned shipping lines, brickworks, sawmills, trams, abattoirs, fishing, quarries and even a hotel. While many of these were well run, many were not, and a costly failure at the Wyndham freezing works led to a loss of support. At the next election he only won by two seats. When one ALP member disappeared, and another resigned in 1916, the Country Party were able to form a new government with help from the Liberal Party.

When the Labor Party split on conscription, Scaddan who supported it, joined the new National Labor Party. He later joined the Country Party. He was elected in and out of parliament over the next 15 years. He felt Western Australia was not treated fairly by the government of Australia, and was on a committee which looked at how Western Australia could become an independent country. He died suddenly from a Cerebral hemorrhage in 1934.

Frank Wilson

Frank Wilson (12 May 1859 – 7 December 1918) was the 9th Premier of Western Australia from 16 September 1910 until 7 October 1911 and then again from 27 July 1916 until 28 June 1917. He was a member of the various conservative political parties which were formed in Western Australia, including the Liberal Party, the Liberal League, and the Ministerialist Party. He was defeated by the Australian Labor Party in the elections of October 1911. He was able to form a group of anti-labor members in 1916 and become premier a second time. He lost this support when the Country Party was able to form a National Party to support the war effort. He lost his seat in the parliament to the County Party by only four votes in October 1917. Seriously ill with cancer, he died a few months later.

Newton Moore

Sir Newton James Moore (17 May 1870 – 28 October 1936) was the 8th Premier of Western Australia from 7 May 1906 until 16 September 1910. He became the premier when Rason resigned. He resigned as premier in 1910 and moved to London to become agent-general for Western Australia. During World War I he joined the Australian Army as an officer. After the war he was elected to the British House of Commons, taking over former Australian Prime Minister Sir George Reid's seat. In his first speech to the parliament he said that women should be able to become members of parliament.

Mathew Turner

Mathew Turner (born 18 January 1988 in Cape Town) is a South African rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as on the wing.


Andrew Card

Andrew Hill "Andy" Card Jr. (born May 10, 1947) is an American politician and lobbyist, former United States Cabinet member, and head of George W. Bush's White House Iraq Group. Card served as U.S. Secretary of Transportation under George H. W. Bush and the White House Chief of Staff under his son. He announced his resignation as Chief of Staff March 28, 2006, effective April 14, 2006. 

Eton College

Eton College, or just Eton, is a British independent school for boys between the ages of 1318. It was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI, as the King's College of Our Lady of Eton. 

Eton College is in Eton, near Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. It is north of Windsor Castle. The school is one of the original nine English "public schools" as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868. The school is a member of the Eton Group of independent schools in the United Kingdom. The current Headmaster is Simon Henderson. For every 8 pupils there is one teacher. 

Eton is a full boarding school. All pupils live at the school. It is one of four such remaining boys' public schools (the others being Winchester College, Harrow School, and Radley College). Eton has educated many British and foreign aristocrats. Prince William and his brother Prince Harry went there. 

The list of graduates includes twenty former prime ministers, including David Cameron and Boris Johnson. "The Good Schools Guide" called the school "the number one boys' public school", adding "The teaching and facilities are second to none". The school is a member of the G20 Schools Group. It is registered as a charity.


PuTTY

PuTTY is a terminal emulator application which can act as a client for the SSH, Telnet, rlogin, and raw TCP computing protocols. The word "PuTTY" has no meaning, though 'tty' is sometimes used to refer to the Unix terminals, as an acronym for 'teletype'.

PuTTY was first written for Microsoft Windows, but it has been ported to other operating systems including some Unix-like platforms. Mac OS and Mac OS X are still being ported, while unofficial ports have been ported it to the Symbian and Windows Mobile operating systems.

PuTTY is currently beta software. Licensed under the MIT License, and it is free and open source software.

Some features of PuTTY are:

The versions available are made up of some or all of the following programs:



Secure copy

Secure Copy or SCP is a method of securely transferring computer files between a local and a remote host or between two remote hosts, using the SSH protocol.


Migros

Migros is a supermarket chain found in Switzerland and other countries.

It was started in 1925 by Gottfried Duttweiler. He started in Zürich with a wagon and sold products 40% cheaper than others. At first he sold only coffee, rice, sugar, noodles, coconut oil and soap. Later, he started selling more and in 1926, Duttweiler built his first market, also in Zürich.


SSH file transfer protocol

In computing, the SSH File Transfer Protocol (sometimes called Secure File Transfer Protocol or SFTP) is a network protocol that implements file transfer between computers. It is often used as more secure alternative of an FTP protocol, which transmits file contents, folder contents and even passwords without encryption.

SFTP protocol is built on top of SSH protocol which is used as a transport layer over the port 22 and is implemented by an SSH server such as OpenSSH. 
SFTP is different from SCP, which is another protocol relying on an SSH connection. It is also different from FTPS, which used SSL to encrypt the connection itself, rather than sending the data through an SSH tunnel. 

Many popular FTP programs have added support for SFTP. Access to the SFTP server can be granted either through a username, a password or by using a public key.

Computer security

Computer security is a branch of information technology known as information security which is intended to protect computers. Computer security has three main goals:


Computer security involves telling computers what they are "not to do". This makes computer security unique because most programming makes computers "do" things. Security takes much of a computer's power.

Basic computer security methods (in approximate order of strength) can be:


An example of complexity and pervasiveness of the issue is vending machines, per "Hackers Lurking in Vents and Soda Machines" April 7, 2014 New York Times.


Mark Odejobi

Mark Odejobi born 18 January, 1988 in London, England is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a winger.


Damien Varley

Damien Varley (born 29 October 1983 in Limerick) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and Heineken Cup. He plays as a Hooker. Varley plays his club rugby with Garryowen. Before he played for the London Wasps.


Crayon Shin-chan

Crayon Shin-chan (, "Kureyon Shin-chan", also known as Shin-chan in other countries) is a Japanese manga and anime series written by Yoshito Usui. It has 56 (including the New Crayon Shin-chan series) manga volumes. The anime has been broadcast since 1992, and there are twenty-four movies as of 2016. They are popular all over the world. The anime program Shinchan has more than 900 episodes. This show is broadcasteon Tv Asahi in Japan and on Hungama TV in India.

Shinnosuke "Shin-chan" Nohara is a little boy who does everything he can to annoy his parents and teachers (and succeeds), but he only means the best. He just tries to have a good time and sometimes annoys people in the process.shinchan has a sister her name is hemavari and shinchan has friend


1. July 24, 1993: 
2. April 23, 1994: 
3. April 15, 1995: 

4. April 13, 1996: 
5. April 19, 1997: 
6. April 18, 1998: 
7. April 17, 1999: 
8. April 22, 2000: 
9. April 21, 2001: 
10. April 20, 2002: 
11. April 19, 2003: 
12. April 17, 2004: 
13. April 16, 2005: 
14. April 15, 2006: 
15. April 21, 2007: 
16. April 19, 2008: 
17. April 18, 2009: 
18. April 17, 2010: 
19. April 16, 2011: 
20. April 14, 2012: 
21. April 20, 2013 
22. April 19, 2014 
23. April 18, 2015

24. April 16, 2016

There have been other specials in which feature-length movies were broadcast on television rather than in theaters.

The special crossover episode "Kamen Rider Den-O + Shin-O" aired in 2007 to promote the "Kamen Rider Den-O" movie. A second special series was aired in April 2012 featuring Shin-chan and "Kamen Rider Fourze" to not only promote "Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called!: Me and the Space Princess", but also "".


Hamtaro

The Adventures of Hamtaro (とっとこハム太郎, "Tottoko Hamutarō", literally "Trotting Hamtaro") is a Japanese children's anime preschool series created by Ritsuko Kawai. The main character is a hamster named Hamtaro.

After moving into a new town, Hamtaro finds that he's in the company of lots of different hamsters, making up a group of hamster friends that go on crazy adventures through the city. Before they save Laura and other humans from nasty predicaments, however, they have to learn how to save themselves.

Finn Harps F.C.

Finn Harps are a football team in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland. They play in the Eircom Premier Division.

Sadomasochism

Sadomasochism is a word which is mostly used in a social (non-medical) way. It means that people get together to either give or receive pain and humiliation. Usually it's a form of sex play. 

"Sadists" enjoy inflicting pain on others or humiliating them. "Masochists" get pleasure from being tortured, hurt, or humiliated. 

Lanzarote

Lanzarote is one of the Canary Islands.

Lanzarote is one of the two islands in the east of the Canary Islands. It is located 100 km west of the Western African coast line and 11 km north of the neighbouring island Fuerteventura. 
Its dimensions are from east to west coast 16.5 km, from north to south 60 km.
The island was created by volcano eruptions.
There is only limited natural vegetation on the island.
About 130,000 people live on Lanzarote. The largest town on the island is Arrecife.

Lanzarote has one international airport at Arreceife (airport code ACE). Lanzarote's economy is mainly supported by tourism.
Many tourist come to the island for sunbathing, swimming, windsurfing, walking or snorkeling.

There are a few agricultural producers on the island, and in particular there are some vineyards producing local wines.


McMahon Line

The McMahon Line is a demarcation line drawn on map referred to in the Simla Convention, a treaty between Britain and Tibet signed in 1914.

Although its legal status is disputed, it is currently the effective boundary between China and India.

This dispute was used a pretext in a war between China and India in 1962.



Theodor Heuss

Theodor Heuss (31 January 1884 in Brackenheim - 12 December 1963 in Stuttgart) was a German politician. He was the first person elected to a regular term as President of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Heuss was born in Brackenheim, near Heilbronn. He studied art history and state studies in Munich and Berlin. 
He received his doctorate in 1905 in Munich. In 1908 he married Elly Heuss-Knapp (1881-1952). He worked for a political magazine from 1908 to 1912, and then for a regional newspaper. In 1910 he joined the Progressive People's Party and stayed there until 1918.
Between 1923 and 1926 he published the magazine "Die Deutsche Nation" ("The German Nation"). Heuss became a member of the German Democratic Party (Deutsche Demokratische Partei, DDP) and was a member of parliament for two periods.

In 1933 Heuss voted for the Enabling Act (Ermächtigungsgesetz) against his personal beliefs, following his party.
After World War II Heuss was the first Minister of Culture in Baden-Württemberg. He was one of the founders of the Free Democratic Party of Germany after WW II.

In 1949 he was elected as first President of the Federal Republic of Germany. He was reelected once.

India–Pakistan maritime trespassing

India-Pakistan maritime trespassing refers to the frequent trespassing and violation of respective national territorial waters of India and Pakistan in peacetime. Most trespassing is common to Pakistani and Indian fishermen operating along the coastline of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Pakistani province of Sindh within the disputed region of Rann of Kachchh.

Bangladesh–India border

The Indo-Bangladeshi barrier is a 4,000-kilometer fence that India is presently constructing to seal off the Indian-Bangladeshi international border from what was formerly East Bengal. East Bengal was a partitioned region of Bengal, called East Pakistan from 1956 to 1971. This obstruction is virtually isolating Bangladesh from the rest of India to a very large extent nowadays, since the Modi Govt. intervention, regarding the disputes along Indo-Bangla Border, along with the records of illegal immigrants of people belonging to both of the nations.

Frank-Walter Steinmeier

Frank-Walter Steinmeier (born 5 January 1956) is a German politician. He was Foreign Secretary, Vice Chancellor of Germany and is currently the twelfth President of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Steinmeier was born in Detmold in 1956. After his "abitur" (secondary school exam) and his military service, he studied law in Gießen. In 1982, he passed his first exam. His second exam was completed and passed in 1986. Between 1986 and 1991, he worked as assistant to the Doctor of Public Law and Political Science at the Gießen University. He obtained his Doctorate of Law in 1991.

After 1991, he worked in the State Chancellory of Lower Saxony for the Minister-President, Gerhard Schröder. From 1998, he was Undersecretary of State in Gerhard Schröder's Chancellor Office after Schröder became Chancellor of Germany. In 1999 he became Secretary of State.

In 2005, he became the new Foreign Minister of Germany in the coalition cabinet of Angela Merkel. He became Vice Chancellor of Germany in 2007. In 2008 he was elected to be the chancellor candidate of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) for the election in 2009. The SPD got their worst result ever in a German federal election (23.0%), and Steinmeier became leader of the SPD parliamentary group in the Bundestag.

From 2013 to 2017 he was again Foreign Minister.

Since 19 March 2017 he has been President of Germany, succeeding Joachim Gauck. He was re-elected in 2022 in a landslide victory.

Tipper Gore

Mary "Tipper" Elizabeth Gore (née Aitcheson; born August 19, 1948) is an American author, photographer, writer, and educator. She was the second lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 as the wife of the 45th vice president of the United States, Al Gore. 

Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson was born on August 19, 1948 in Washington D.C. to John Aitcheson Jr. and Margaret Carlson Aitcheson. She later grew up in Arlington, Virginia and she was later raised by both her mother and grandmother after her parents divorced.

She attended schools and universities such as, St. Stephens and St. Agnes School, Garland Junior College, Boston University, Vanderbilt University, and George Peabody College. Aitcheson later pursued and graduated with both a Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts.

Aitcheson met Al Gore at his senior prom in 1965 and they began dating afterwards. On May 19, 1970, they married at the Washington National Cathedral. They have four children named, Karenna, Kristin, Sarah, and Albert Gore lll.

Gore assumed the role and duties as the second lady of the United States on January 20, 1993 succeeding, Marilyn Quayle when her husband inaugurated as the 45th vice president of the United States. As second lady, Tipper served as the mental health policy advisor to the president. Her goals were to destroy the stigma surrounding mental illness and to bring awareness to the need for affordable mental health care. In 1999, she hosted the first White House conference on mental health. That same year, she launched the National Mental Health Awareness Campaign to encourage Americans to seek treatment for mental illness.

Along with her work in mental health, Gore was a part of several other initiatives during her time as second lady. Tipper visited a refugee camp and an orphanage in Zaire on a personal trip to provide aid in the aftermath of the Rwandan genocide. She stayed in a United Nations camp to assist doctors and aid workers and also made an official visit to Honduras in 1998 following Hurricane Mitch to volunteer, bring medical supplies, and to survive the damage.

Gore was actively involved in her presidential campaign in 2000, making her own campaign stops and media appearances. She also acted as an advisor and hired Tony Coelho as chairman in part of her husband's presidential campaign. Her husband lost and was defeated by George W. Bush in a close tie in the race, due to a Florida recount. Gore served as the second lady from 1993 until her husband's term ended in 2001.

Second Ladies and Gentlemen of the United States

The second lady or second gentleman of the United States is the informal title held by hostess of the Number One Observatory Circle, usually the wife or husband of the vice president of the United States, during the vice president's term in office. 

Doug Emhoff is the current second gentleman of the United States, in role since January 2021 as the husband of Vice President Kamala Harris.

Twelve second ladies became the first lady of the United States after their husband became the president. The first woman was Abigail Adams and the most recent woman is Jill Biden.

The second lady or gentleman is not elected by the people of the United States. There are no official jobs he or she is officially required to perform and they are not paid for being the second spouse. 

They are often involved in political campaigns, managements of the Number One Observatory Circle, participating in social causes and representing the vice president at official and ceremonial occasions and accompanying the vice president on foreign summits and events.

Abigail Adams · Ann Gerry · Hannah Minthorne Tompkins · Floride Calhoun · Letitia Christian Tyler · Sophia Dallas · Abigail Fillmore · Mary Cyrene Burch Breckinridge · Ellen Vesta Emery Hamlin · Eliza Johnson · Ellen Maria Colfax · Eliza Hendricks · Anna Morton · Letitia Stevenson · Jennie Tuttle Hobart · Edith Roosevelt · Cornelia Cole Fairbanks · Carrie Babcock Sherman · Lois Irene Marshall · Grace Coolidge · Caro Dawes · Mariette Rheiner Garner · Ilo Wallace · Bess Truman · Jane Hadley Barkley · Pat Nixon · Lady Bird Johnson · Muriel Humphrey Brown · Judy Agnew · Betty Ford · Happy Rockefeller · Joan Mondale · Barbara Bush · Marilyn Quayle · Tipper Gore · Lynne Cheney · Jill Biden · Karen Pence · Doug Emhoff

As of 2024, there are only five living former second ladies.

Lynne Cheney

Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney (born August 14, 1941) is an American author and novelist. She was the second lady of the United States from 2001 to 2009 as the wife of the 46th vice president of the United States, Dick Cheney.

Lynne Ann Vincent was born in Casper, Wyoming. Her mother, Edna Lolita (nee Lybyer), became a deputy sheriff, and her father, Wayne Edwin Vincent, was an engineer. She is a descendant of Mormon pioneers. She has family roots in Denmark, Sweden, England, Ireland, and Wales. She was raised Presbyterian and became Methodist after she married Dick Cheney.

Lynne Cheney is the author or co-author of several books:


Graphium sarpedon

The Common bluebottle (Graphium sarpedon) is a species of swallowtail butterfly. It is found in South and Southeast Asia and in parts of Australia. There are 15 subspecies with different geographical distributions.

Bama Boyz

The Bama Boyz (a.k.a the Bamaz) are a Grammy-nominated, Dove Award winning, American record production, songwriting, and artist trio, with Eddie “E-Trez” Smith III, Jesse J. Rankins, Jonathan D. Wells as members.

Swallowtail butterfly

Swallowtail butterflies are large, colorful butterflies which form the family Papilionidae. There are at least 550 species, and though the majority are tropical, members of the family are found on all continents except Antarctica. The family includes the largest butterflies in the world, the birdwing butterflies of Australia (genus " Ornithoptera").

Graphium

Graphium is a genus of swallowtail butterflies. They are commonly known as swordtails. They are native to Eurasia, Africa, and Oceania. The genus has over 100 species. These species are mostly tropical. Their coloration is variable. Their habitat varies from rainforests to savannahs. Some species have tails on their hind wings which may be long and swordlike. Others do not have any tails. "Graphium" species are often seen at mud puddles.

Sauerbraten (video game)

Sauerbraten (also known as "Cube 2" or "Sauer", German for "“sour roast”") is a cross-platform, "Quake"-like, first-person shooter computer game that runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X using OpenGL and SDL. The game features single-player and multiplayer game play and contains an in-game level editor, its main feature. The game engine is free and open source software, under the Zlib License, with commercial support available from the developer's own business counterpart, Dot3 Labs.

The game started as a redesign to the original Cube Engine, and its first release was made on May 6, 2004. The game gets updated quite regularly.

"Sauerbraten" was made out of the game Cube, but is much more advanced and a player can create new levels. "Sauerbraten" was not made to look very good, but to allow easy map making within the game without making a big download. "Sauerbraten CTF Edition" is less than 350 megabytes. The game "Crysis" is around 3,000 megabytes.

Maps are made out of cubes, which can be made longer or shorter and can be reshaped. These cubes can be mapped out easily, using the in-game editor. This means that both map-makers and players can make very big, detailed maps very quickly. This is not like other games such as "Quake", where you need a lot of effort and bugfixing work to even get the map to work.

This simplicity in editing has resulted in a lot of maps released by players and developers. They are available on the "Quadropolis" forums.

The game has singleplayer and multiplayer modes. Multiplayer can be with LAN and Internet connection. Online game types are deathmatch, last man standing,"Capture" (where teams fight for control of parts on the map), Quake-style Capture the Flag, also instant-shot games (Instagib, Insta-clan-arena, insta-capture) as well as online multiplayer map editing, which is one of "Sauerbraten"'s most interesting and popular features. In single player modes the computer controls monsters against you.

The game has been shown in a Burger King television commercial, it received four out of five stars in a MacWorld UK review, and the game was mentioned in Issue 3 of (as well as their 101 Free Games Article), where it was described as being "perfect for both stingy and creative gamers alike".

The CTF edition was given a long review by Phoronix, a website focused on Linux and software reviews, as well as Linux.com, a website providing news related to free and open source software.


Speaker of the House of Commons

Speaker of the House of Commons can refer to:

Town crier

A town crier is a person who is employed by a town council to make public announcements in the streets. The crier can also be used in court or official announcements. Criers often dress elaborately, a tradition known from the 18th century, in a red and gold robe, white breeches, black boots and a tricorne hat.

They carry a handbell to make a loud noise and they shout the words "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!" before making their announcements. The word "Oyez" means "hear ye," which is a call for silence and attention. "Oyez" is from an Anglo-Norman word for "listen". Some town criers announcements are recorded in books called a Proclamation Book The proclamations book in Chester from the early 19th century records the town criers call as "O Yes, O Yes!"

In Medieval England, town criers were the most important way of spreading news with the people of a town. Many could not read newspapers. Royal proclamations, local bylaws, market days, advertisements and even selling loaves of sugar were all proclaimed by a bellman or town crier for centuries. During Christmas 1798, the Chester Canal Company sold some sugar that was damaged in their packet boat and this was advertised by the town crier.

Chester's first 'belman' was in 1540. His was paid one (old) penny for 'going for anything that is lost' and 4 old pennies for leading a funeral procession. In 1681, a fire safety law that all houses should have tiled roofs, not thatched, was to 'be published throughout the city by the day bellman. In 1553, the crier was paid 13 old pennies for 'ridunge the banes' (reading the banns or adverts) for the Chester Mystery Plays. In 1598, bellman Richard Woodcock must have been dressed in a similar way to the London bellman, for he had 'a tymber mast typt at both endes and embellished in the middest with silver' (a wooden stick with silver decorations).

In 1620, there was a fight at the crossroads between the butchers and the bakers where the 'Cryer brake his Mace in peeces Amonge them'(broke his silver stick among them). In 1607, one public notice read by George Tunnall, the bellman, that putting rubbish in the river was illegal.

In 1656 the parish register of St Mary le Crypt in Gloucester records banns of marriage as being "published by the Bellman".

In 1715, a local man recorded that the 'Belman at the Cross ... Reads publicly a proclamation in the Mayor's name, commanding all persons in the City to bee of peaceable and civil behaviour, not to walk around the Streets or Rows at unreasonable hours of night'. In 1743, John Posnitt took over as 'Day and Night Bellman'.

In 1792, Chester had a day-time and night-time bellman, John Yarwood and a crier, William Ratcliffe, but by 1835 there seems to have been only one position. It was not until 1998 that Chester had both a crier and a bellman again.

Town criers were protected by royalty, as they sometimes brought bad news such as tax increases. To this day, any town crier in the British Commonwealth is protected under old English law that they are "not to be hindered or heckled while performing their duties". To injure or harm a town crier was seen as an act of treason against the ruling monarchy. The term "Posting A Notice" comes from the act of the town crier, who having read his message to the townspeople, would attach it to the door post of the local inn.

The same as England, town criers were the most important way to deliver news to the people of the town because many people could not read newspapers or write. Proclamations, local bylaws, market days, adverts, were all proclaimed by a bellman or crier.

Criers were not always men, many town criers were women. Bells were not the only way to make noise - in Holland, a gong was often used, and in France a drum was used, or a hunting horn.

The best dressed town crier and escort at the last World Championships (date of entry 2008) are Peter and Maureen Taunton from the county town of Stafford, UK. They also hold the title of the best dressed town crier in Britain 2008 Competition held at Alnwick for the Loyal Company of Town Criers. They are also the Best Dressed Crier at the National Town Crier Competition in Hastings 2007.

Peter Moore has been The London Town Crier for more than 30 years. He is Town Crier for The Mayor of London, The City of Westminster, and London Boroughs. He is also Freeman and Liveryman of The City of London.

Alan Myatt holds the world record as the loudest town cryer at 112.8 decibels.

The need for town criers has disappeared and they became part of the local folklore. There are European and World Championship competitions for modern town criers.



Plague of Justinian

The Plague of Justinian was a pandemic of the bubonic plague caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis. It happened during the years of 541 to 542 in the Byzantine Empire while under the rule of Justinian I. Historians estimate that this pandemic killed as many as 100 million people across the world, partly because it returned every twelve years until 770, when it stopped for about 500 years.

Between 541 and 700, the Plague of Justinian killed about half of the people in Europe. It also may have contributed to the success of the Muslim conquests. Its social and cultural impact is comparable to that of the Black Death.

Through trade, the plague came from India to Ethiopia or Egypt. Eventually, trade ships brought the plague north to the large city of Constantinople. Ships bringing grain, which Constantinople imported, carried rats along with them. These rats carried the plague. By the end of the pandemic, the plague had killed 40% of Constantinople's population. At its worst, it killed 10,000 people in Constantinople every day.

Doctors at the time relied on religious and folk remedies which were not effective in treating the plague. This caused the plague to spread rapidly throughout Europe and the Mediterranean Basin. In total, about 25 million people died because of the Plague of Justinian. It is said to have contributed to the fall of the Byzantine Empire, because it killed farmers and caused famine. Also, the empire relied on tax money, and the plague killed many taxpayers.Overall, the Plague of Justinian was a sickness that happened around 1,500 years ago. It started in the city of Constantinople and spread to other parts of the world. Many people got sick and some even died. The disease was caused by bacteria and was spread by fleas on rats. It lasted for several years and caused a lot of damage to the Byzantine Empire by weakening its defenses, harming its economy, and killing large amounts of its population. Even though it was a long time ago, we can still learn from this event and take precautions to prevent the spread of diseases today.


Zlib License

The zlib License is an open source software license.

The words of the zlib License are:



Plant cutting

Plant cutting, also known as striking/cloning, is a technique for vegetatively (asexually) propagating plants. With this method, a piece of the source plant containing at least one stem cell is placed in a suitable medium such as moist soil, potting mix, coir or rock wool. The cutting then grows new roots, stems, or both, and becomes a new plant independent of the parent.

Ferdinand Lassalle

Ferdinand Lassalle (11 April 1825 — 31 August 1864) was a German jurist and socialist politician.

Lassalle was born in Breslau. His father sent him to a business school in Leipzig. Lassalle changed to the University of Breslau. He later studied in Berlin.
He studied Philosophy, Philology (Latin and Ancient Greek) and Law.

Lassalle took part in the revolutions of 1848-49. He was put into prison and later banned from Berlin. He lived in Düsseldorf that time. In 1859, Lassalle returned to Berlin.

Lassalle was a liberal politician in the early 1860s. The liberals had some struggles with Otto von Bismarck. Lassalle thought about the living conditions of the working class. He found that the idea of self-help would not help the working class people. This led him to become a member of the Communist league. There he was in opposition to Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. 

Lassalle founded the Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein (General German Workers' Association, ADAV) in 1863. This party later became the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).

Lassalle was killed in a duel.

Hans-Dietrich Genscher

Hans-Dietrich Genscher (21 March 1927 – 31 March 2016) was a German politician. 

Genscher was born at Reideburg, near Halle. Genscher served in World War II from 1943 to 1945. He joined the Nazi Party at the age of 18. After the war, he studied economics and law in Halle and Leipzig. He joined the East German Liberal Democratic Party (LDPD) in 1946.

In 1952, Genscher fled to West Germany. There he joined the Free Democratic Party (FDP). He passed his second state examination in law in Hamburg in 1954. After that, he became a solicitor in Bremen. 

In 1965, Genscher was elected to the Bundestag, the West German parliament for the first time. From 1969 to 1974, he was Federal Minister of the Interior under Chancellor Willy Brandt.
Genscher was Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor of Germany from 1974 to 1982 under Helmut Schmidt. Two weeks later, he began to serve in the same positions under Helmut Kohl. He served the second time from 1982 to 1992. He was Germany's longest serving Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor.

Genscher died at his home in Wachtberg, Germany from heart failure on 31 March 2016, aged 89.


Jonny Kennedy (rugby union)

Jonny Kennedy (born 16 February 1990) is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He was born in Leighton, Cheshire. He plays as a centre or on the wing.


Franz Müntefering

Franz Müntefering (born January 16, 1940) is a German politician. He used to be Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).

Müntefering was born in Neheim-Hüsten near Arnsberg.
After his school time he was taught to became an industrial salesman.
He joined the Social Democratic Party in 1966.
He was member of the Bundestag (Federal Parliament) from 1975 to 1992 and again from 1998 to 2013.

1998 he was a member of the Landtag (state parliament) of North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1992 to 1995 he was Secretary of Social affairs in the State of North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1995 to 2001 he was Party Chairman in that state.

From 1995 to 1998 he was Bundesgeschäftsführer (federal executive director) of the SPD.
In 1998 he became Secretary for Transport and Infrastructure of Germany under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
From 1999 to 2002 he was Secretary General of the Social Democratic Party.
From 2002 to 2005 he was fraction leader in the Bundestag.

He was Party Chairman of the SPD from 2004 to 2005. 
From 2005 to 2007 he was Secretary for Working and Social Affairs and Vice Chancellor of Germany under Angela Merkel in her Grand Coaltion.
In 2007 he gave up all his jobs - excepted the mandate in Federal Parliament - to care for his ill wife.
After the death of his wife he returned.

From 2008 to 2009 he was Party Chairman of the SPD again.


Nick Royle

Nick Royle (born 1983) is a current England Rugby Sevens International rugby union player. He plays as a winger.

He has played for Warrington, Widnes Vikings, Sale Sharks and Fylde.


Carl Fearns

Carl Fearns (born 28 May 1989 in Liverpool) is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a back-row.


James Gaskell

James Gaskell (born 20 May 1990) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He was born in Crewe, Cheshire. He plays as a lock.


Martin Halsall

Martin Halsall (born 25 December 1984 in Blackpool, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a prop.


Alex Shaw

Alex Shaw (born 31 March 1987 in Maidstone, Kent, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a back-row.


Chris Leck

Chris Leck (born 21 May 1986 in Manchester, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a scrum-half.


Secret Water

Secret Water is the eighth book in Arthur Ransome's "Swallows and Amazons" series of children's books. It was published in 1939.

This book is set in and around Hamford Water in Essex, close to the resort town of Walton-on-the-Naze. It brings the Swallows and the Amazons together and introduces a new group of characters, the Eels and the Mastodon. Ransome sailed to Hamford Water, an area of salt marshes and low lying islands in his boat "Nancy Blackett". He set the book in this tidal place which offered a new setting for his characters and chances to explore and map the area.

The Swallows mean to sail in the "Goblin" to Hamford Water and camp with their father, but he is called away on naval business. Instead he maroons them with a small boat (dinghy) on an island. Before he leaves, Father gives them a basic map of the area they call Secret Water and suggests they map the area before he returns to pick them up.
For a surprise, he has arranged for the Amazons to come down from the Lake District and join them with another dinghy.

They see some mysterious footprints which turn out to belong to the Mastodon, a local boy. He mistakes them for the Eels, another family who camp in the area regularly. Later the Eels arrive and are initially hostile before they settle down for a friendly war.

It seems that due to the distractions of war and being cut off by the tides, the chart will not be completed. However early in the last morning two separate groups of children complete it.


Gran Turismo (video game)

Gran Turismo is a driving simulation video game created by Polyphony Digital for Sony PlayStation console. The game was first sold in 1997. There are seven main games of "Gran Turismo" series and by late 2008 over 50 million "Gran Turismo" games have been sold by Sony. Each of the games simulate many different types of car including small, big, racing, old, new, Formula one and concept cars such as the Nike 2022. The cars look very realistic. Gran Turismo games were one of the first video games to include music from famous artists. Sony also released three Gran Turismo Concept versions. The game play is races similar to all real-life car racing including racing driver tests and everything from one short lap races in slow cars to 24 hour Le Mans racing challenges in prototype cars.

Aramid

Aramids are polymers. The name stands for "aromatic polyamide". Structurally aramids are similar to proteins.

Stephanie Kwolek developed aramids at DuPont in 1965. DuPont uses the trade name "Kevlar" for them.. 

Aramids are very present in security helmets, in splinter-resistant glass, in Ballistic vests, but also in other domains. They are used as a replacement for asbestos as a building material, for gaskets and other sealings, but also as helpers to make sails, parachutes and similar tools.

Brute force attack

A brute force attack is a term in cryptanalysis. It means trying to break a coded cyphertext by trying a lot of possibilities with fast computers. For example, a large number of the possible keys are tried in the key space. If successful , this decrypts the encrypted message. 

The theoretical possibility of a brute force attack is recognized by the cryptographic system designers. They work to make the cryptographic system very difficult for computers to break using brute force attack. For that reason, one of the definitions of "breaking" a cryptographic scheme is to find a method faster than a brute force attack.

The selection of an appropriate key length depends on how difficult it will be to break it using a brute force attack. By obfuscating the data before encryption, brute force attacks are less effective and more difficult to determine.

The brute force attack can be used together with a dictionary attack.

For symmetric encryption, a key size of 128 bits is considered secure against brute force by traditional computers. 192 or 256 bits is considered secure against quantum computers. Many old ciphers, such as DES, used short keys which made them breakable by brute force.

Information theory

Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering. Information theory measures the amount of information in data that could have more than one value. In its most common use, information theory finds physical and mathematical limits on the amounts of data in data compression and data communication. Data compression and data communication are statistical, because they guess unknown values. The amount of information in data measures how easily it is guessed by a person who does not know its value. 

A key measure in information theory is "entropy". Entropy quantifies the amount of uncertainty involved in the value of a random variable or the outcome of a random process. For example, identifying the outcome of a fair coin flip (with two equally likely outcomes) provides less information (lower entropy) than specifying the outcome from a roll of a dice (with six equally likely outcomes). Some other important measures in information theory are mutual information, channel capacity, error exponents, and relative entropy.

Block cipher

In cryptography, a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher which operates on a groups of bits of fixed length, called "blocks", using an exact transformation. During encryption, a block cipher algorithm might take (for example) a 128-bit block of plaintext as input, and output a corresponding 128-bit block of ciphertext. The exact transformation is controlled using a second input — the secret key. Decryption is similar: the decryption algorithm takes, in this example, a 128-bit block of ciphertext together with the secret key, and output the original 128-bit block of plaintext.

One of the early block cipher designs was the Data Encryption Standard (DES), developed at IBM and published as a standard in 1977. A successor to DES, the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES); also using block cipher, was adopted in 2001. RC5 is a simple symmetric-key made by Ronald Rivest in 1994. RC6 is another made from RC5. RC stands for "Rivest Cipher", or alternatively, "Ron's Code".

Authentication

Authentication (pronounced "aw-then-ti-keyt") (from Greek "αυθεντικός;" real or genuine, from "authentes;" author) is the actions taken to establish or verify something (or someone) as "authentic". It is the method of verifying claims made by someone about the thing. This might involve confirming the identity of a person, the origins of an object (or something), or to make sure that a computer program (or user) is a trusted one. People are usually authenticated by something they know (password), something they have (key), or something they are (biometrics).

DES-X

In cryptography, DES-X (or DESX) is an alternative to the DES (Data Encryption Standard) block cipher designed to increase the complexity of a brute force attack using a technique called "key whitening". As DES suffers from brute force attack DES-X was a trial to overcome such drawbacks.


Hostname

A hostname (also known as a sitename) is the unique name by which a network device (which may be a computer, file server, network storage device, copier, cable modem, etc.) is defined and known on a network. The hostname is used to identify a particular host in various electronic communication networks such as the World Wide Web, e-mail or Usenet. 

On the Internet, the terms "hostname" and "domain name" are often misused interchangeably, but there are small technical differences between them.


National Institute of Standards and Technology

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), known between 1901 and 1988 as the National Bureau of Standards (NBS), is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory (non-controlled) agency of the United States Department of Commerce. The institute's mission is to promote U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards, and Technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve quality of life.

Key size

In cryptography, key size or key length is the size (measured in bits or bytes) of the key used in a cryptographic algorithm (such as a cipher). Typical key sizes in modern symmetric ciphers are 128, 192, and 256 bits. Older symmetric ciphers used only 40, 56, or 64 bits, which can be broken by brute force. 128 bits is considered secure against brute-force by traditional computers, but not quantum computers. 192 and 256 bit keys are considered quantum-safe, and AES keys of these lengths are approved for protecting top secret information. Asymmetric (public key) ciphers such as RSA need a much longer key to be secure. RSA keys are typically at least 2048 bits. A large key size alone does not necessarily mean a cipher is secure - there are many insecure ciphers which have a large key size but have other design flaws that allow them to be broken.

Kandinsky

Wassily Kandinsky ( – 13 December 1944) was a Russian painter, printmaker and art theorist.

He was one of the most important 20th-century artists. He was a major figure in modern art and painted some of the first modern abstract works. His art changed several times during his life. It was fauvist, abstract, expressionist and constructivist in turn.

Born in Moscow, Kandinsky spent his childhood in Odessa. He enrolled at the University of Moscow and chose to study law and economics. Quite successful in his profession—he was offered a professorship (chair of Roman Law) at the University of Dorpat—he started painting studies (life-drawing, sketching and anatomy) at the age of 30.

In 1896 he settled in Munich and studied first in a private school, then at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich. He went back to Moscow in 1914 after World War I started. He was unsympathetic to the official theories on art in Moscow and returned to Germany in 1921. There he taught at the Bauhaus school of art and architecture from 1922 until the Nazis closed it in 1933. He then moved to France where he lived the rest of his life, and became a French citizen in 1939. He died at Neuilly-sur-Seine in 1944.

Later in life he would recall being fascinated and stimulated by colour as a child. His fascination with colour symbolism and psychology continued as he grew. In 1889, he was part of an ethnographic research group which travelled to the Vologda region north of Moscow. In "Looks on the Past", he tells how the houses and churches were decorated with such shimmering colours that, on entering them, he felt he was moving into a painting. This experience, and his study of the region's folk art (particularly the use of bright colours on a dark background), can be seen in much of his early work.

He was interested in geometry in art and philosophy. The creative aspect of the form is expressed by a descending series of circles, triangles and squares.


Public-key cryptography

Public-key cryptography, also called asymmetric cryptography, is a communication where people send messages that can only be read by those who have the key. 

In public key cryptography, each user has a pair of cryptographic keys:
The private key is kept secret, while the public key may be widely distributed and used by other users. 

Incoming messages are encrypted with the "recipient's public key" and can only be decrypted with their corresponding private key. The keys are related mathematically, but the user's private key cannot be easily got from the widely used public key. The most usual problem with this method arises when private key is accidentally leaked.

The two main branches of public key cryptography are:

They are often used together on the same message.


John Ashcroft

John David Ashcroft (born May 9, 1942) is an American consultant, lobbyist and politician. He was the 79th United States Attorney General. He served during the first term of President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2005. Ashcroft was previously the Governor of Missouri (1985–1993) and a U.S. Senator from Missouri (1995–2001). Ashcroft was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Muslim conquests

The first Muslim conquests (632–732), (, Fatah, literally "opening",) also referred to as the Islamic conquests or Arab conquests, began after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. He established a new unified political polity in the Arabian peninsula which under the following Rashidun and Umayyad Caliphates saw a century of rapid expansion of Arab power well beyond the Arabian peninsula in the form of a vast Muslim Arab Empire with an area of influence that stretched from northwest India, across Central Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, southern Italy, and the Iberian Peninsula, to the Pyrenees. The Arab conquests culminated in Islamic rule being established across three continents (Asia, Africa, and Europe). According to Scottish historian James Buchan: "In speed and extent, the first Arab conquests were matched only by those of Alexander the Great, and they were more lasting."The Arab conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire. Though spectacular, the Arab successes are not hard to understand in hindsight. The Sassanid Persian and Byzantine empires were militarily exhausted from decades of fighting one another. This prevented them from dealing effectively with the mobile Arab raiders operating from the desert. Moreover, many of the peoples living under the rule of these empires, for example Jews and Christians in Persia and Monophysites in Syria, were disloyal and sometimes even welcomed the Arab invaders, largely because of religious conflict in both empires.

Some of the individual conquests are mentioned here:

The Byzantine-Arab Wars were between the Byzantine Empire and at first the Rashidun and then the Umayyad caliphates.

Under the Rashidun there were the conquests of Syria (637), Armenia (639), Egypt (639) and North Africa (652). Under the Umayyads the continuing conquest of North Africa (665), the second Arab siege of Constantinople (717-718) and the conquest of Tbilisi (736). In 827 there followed the conquest of southern Italy (827).

The last ruler of the Sassanid Empire in Persia was defeated by the Rashidun in 633 and 636, but the final military victory didn't come until 642 when the Persian army was destroyed. 

During the seventh century the Umayyad fought successfully against the early Rajput in north India and in Central Asia. 

In 711, a Muslim expedition defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh and established Umayyad rule by 712. The Umayyad brought under control the whole of what is modern Pakistan, from Karachi to Kashmir and reached the borders of Kashmir within three years. But rather soon afterwards semi-independent Arab ruled states developed.

The conquest of the Iberian Peninsula began when the Moors (mostly Berbers with some Arabs) invaded Visigothic Christian Iberia (modern Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, Andorra) in the year 711. They landed at Gibraltar on April 30 and worked their way northward. This territory, under the Arab name "Al-Andalus", became first an Emirate and then an independent Umayyad Caliphate after the overthrowing of the dynasty in Damascus by the Abbasids. In 1031 the Christian kingdoms started the Reconquest up to 1492, when Granada, the last kingdom of Al-Ándalus fell under the Spanish Kings.

In Sub-Saharan Africa, the Sahelian kingdom expanded Muslim territories far from the coast. Muslim traders spread Islam.

The modern era saw the rise of three powerful Muslim empires: the Ottoman Empire of the Middle East and Europe, the Safavid Empire of Persia and Central Asia, and the Mughal Empire of India; along with their contest and fall to the rise of the colonial powers of Europe.

The Mughal Empire declined in 1707 after the death of Aurangzeb and was officially abolished by the British after the Indian Rebellion of 1857.



Key space

In cryptography, the key space of an algorithm refers to the set of all possible keys that can be used to initialize the cryptographic algorithm. For example, if an algorithm works using a key that is a string of 10 bits, then its key space is the set of all binary strings of length 10 bits; i.e. we have key space of size 2 = 1024.

To avoid attackers from guessing the key using a brute-force attack, the key space is usually designed to be very large. Another needed attribute is that the key space designed to be "flat", having no or very few weak keys.

The block cipher Rijndael/AES uses a key of up to 256 bits, resulting in a key space containing about 2 which is over 1.1579 × 10 keys. This makes it "computationally infeasible" to check each possible key by brute force.

In the DES block cipher, a 56-bit key is used, resulting in a relatively small key space of size 2.

The ROT13 cipher is only designed to prevent people from accidentally reading messages (e.g. movie plot details). As there is no key, the key space is therefore empty.

Roger Williams (theologian)

Roger Williams (December 21, 1603 – April 1, 1683) was an English-American Puritan, and a Calvinist-Baptist theologian. He was widely known as a supporter of religious toleration and separation of church and state. He also supported fair dealings with Native Americans. In 1644, he received a royal charter creating the colony of Rhode Island, named for the main island in Narragansett Bay. He is believed to have started the first or second Baptist church in the United States. He is known to have left the church soon afterwards, saying, "God is too large to be housed under one roof."

These are some famous descendants of Roger Williams:


Unitarianism

Unitarianism is a term that describes some forms of Christianity. Unitarianism can be described as the belief that God is just one person. This is different from what most Christians think, which is that God is three different people all in the same person. That belief is called Trinitarianism. Unitarian Christians believe in Jesus of Nazareth. They think that Jesus was a great leader and prophet, but they generally do not think that Jesus is part of God himself.

The "Son of God" is a being that existed before Jesus' human life. It is called the Logos who dwelt with God in the beginning and then was born as the man Jesus. However, he is not eternal, but had a beginning of existence. God created him. This theology is commonly called Arianism, but there are many varieties of this form of Unitarianism. They range from the belief that the Son, before he came to earth, was a divine spirit of the same nature as God to the belief that he was an angel or other lesser spirit creature of a wholly different nature from God. Arius' views are only one variation of this theology.

Whatever the case, in this belief system, Jesus is beneath God, but higher than humans (and has always been so). This concept could be referred to as "elevated subordinationism." It is associated with early church figures such as Justin Martyr, Lucian of Antioch, Eusebius of Caesarea, Arius, Eusebius of Nicomedia, Asterius the Sophist, Eunomius, and Ulfilas, as well as Felix, Bishop of Urgel and others who believed that Jesus was God in his divine nature but his divinity in his human nature was through adoption. Arian forms of Unitarianism remain among Unitarians in Transylvania, Hungary, France, and several countries in Africa. Famous Arian Unitarians include Isaac Newton, Andrews Norton and Dr. William Ellery Channing. Ralph Waldo Emerson's father was a Unitarian pastor.

Since the 19th century, several Evangelical or Revivalist movements also used an elevated subordinationist theology. This can be best described as Nontrinitarianism, rather than Unitarianism. Important figures include Barton W. Stone and Charles Taze Russell. Theologies among Evangelical Unitarians are sometimes classed as Arian, and sometimes Sabellian (Jesus is God in the flesh, the manifestation of God, who exists as a single person) and the Chinese-based sabbatarian True Jesus Church. Other modern non-trinitarian churches, such as the Filipino-based Iglesia ni Cristo, may also be included, although they reject the "unitarian" name to avoid confusion. Jehovah's Witnesses also have a nontrinitarian theology with specific traits. The Christian Churches of God (CCG) is another Unitarian Church with a World Conference. It has a lot of material on Unitarian theology and history and holds the doctrine of the Pre-existence of Jesus Christ. CCG like other Sabbatarian Churches of God trace their ancestry back to the early church and follow biblical law. The CCG and Sabbatarians are sometimes erroneously called Arians due to the pejorative Trinitarian use of that term and also that of Subordinationists.

This theology ranges from the belief that Jesus was merely a great man filled with the Holy Spirit (sometimes called Psilanthropism or, more commonly, Socinianism) to the belief that he is the incarnation of God's "impersonal" Logos. It is associated with early church figures like the Ebionites, Theodotus of Byzantium, Artemon, and Paul of Samosata in the early Church, Marcellus of Ancyra and his pupil Photinus in the 4th century AD, and Michael Servetus, Ferenc Dávid and Faustus Socinus in the Protestant Reformation. It is from the latter that we get the word "Socinianism," but the teaching of Socinus is unique in more than just its Christology, and so the name is best not used as merely a Christological term.

In modern times we see the psilanthropist view manifested in Rationalist Unitarianism, which emerged from the German Rationalism and the liberal theology of the 19th century. They took a highly intellectual and humanistic approach to religion. They rejected most of the miraculous events in the Bible (including the virgin birth.) They embraced evolutionary concepts, stated that man was good by default and abandoned the doctrine of biblical infallibility. Rationalist Unitarianism is distinguished from Deism (with which it nevertheless shares many features) by its belief in a personal deity who directly acts on creation, while Deists see God as holding aloof from creation.

Notable Rationalist Unitarians include Ralph Waldo Emerson and Theodore Parker in theology and ministry, Joseph Priestley and Linus Pauling in science, Susan B. Anthony and Florence Nightingale in humanitarianism and social justice, Charles Dickens in literature, and Frank Lloyd Wright in arts. Many Hungarian Unitarians embrace the principles of Rationalist Unitarianism—the only Unitarian high school in the world, John Sigismund Unitarian Academy in Cluj Napoca, Romania, teaches Rationalist Unitarianism. The psilanthropist concept of the nature of Jesus is similar to the viewpoint held by the Islamic faith, which regards Jesus as a non-divine and human Prophet. The Christadelphians, the Church of God of the Abrahamic Faith and the Biblical Unitarians are Evangelical Unitarians.


United States National Security Council

The White House National Security Council (NSC) in the United States is the principal forum used by the President for considering national security and foreign policy matters with his senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials and is part of the President's Executive Office. It began under President Harry S. Truman.

Stephen Hadley

Stephen John Hadley (born February 13, 1947, in Toledo, Ohio) is the current (21st) U.S. Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (commonly referred as National Security Advisor) for President George W. Bush. He had been Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor from January 22, 2001. On January 26, 2005, he replaced Condoleezza Rice as National Security Advisor, upon Rice's confirmation as Secretary of State.

Hadley served as a senior foreign and defense policy advisor to then-Governor Bush during the 2000 presidential campaign and worked in the Bush-Cheney Transition on the National Security Council.

Deputy National Security Advisor

The Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, commonly referred to as the Deputy National Security Advisor, is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States, serving as deputy to the President's National Security Advisor.

Among other responsibilities, the Deputy National Security Advisor serves as Executive Secretary to the National Security Council Principals Committee, and as Chairman of the National Security Council Deputies Committee.

Director of the Central Intelligence Agency

Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (D/CIA) serves as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency, which is part of the United States Intelligence Community. He/She reports to the Director of National Intelligence (DNI). 

The Director is assisted by the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The Director is nominated by the President, with the concurring or nonconcurring recommendation from the Director of National Intelligence and must be confirmed by majority vote from the Senate.

What follows is a list of Directors of the Central Intelligence Agency (in chronological order).

Procopius

Procopius of Caesarea (, c. 500 – c. 565) was a prominent Eastern Roman scholar. He took part in the wars of the Emperor Justinian I, and was the major historian of the 6th century AD, writing the "Wars of Justinian", the "Buildings of Justinian" and the celebrated "Secret History". He is commonly held to be the last major historian of the ancient world.

The writings of Procopius are the primary source of information for the rule of the Roman emperor Justinian. Procopius was the author of a history in eight books of the wars fought by Justinian I, with information on Justinian's public works throughout the empire, and a book known as the "Secret History" (Greek: "Anekdota") that claims to report the scandals that Procopius could not include in his published history.

A number of historical novels based on Procopius' works (along with other sources) have been written, of which the best, "Count Belisarius", was written by poet and novelist Robert Graves in 1938.




"This article is based on an earlier version by James Allan Evans, originally posted at Nupedia."

Porter Goss

Porter Johnston Goss (born December 10, 1938) is an American politician. He was the last Director of Central Intelligence and the first Director of the Central Intelligence Agency following the passage of the 2004 Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act, which abolished the DCI position. A CIA officer in Latin America during the Cold War, he served as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1989 until he took up his post at the agency.

George Tenet

George John Tenet the son of Greek northern Epirus immigrants was born in January 5, 1953. He was the Director of Central Intelligence for the United States Central Intelligence Agency and is Distinguished Professor in the Practice of Diplomacy at Georgetown University. Tenet held the position as the DCI from July 1997 to July 2004, making him the second-longest serving director in the agency's history — behind Allen Welsh Dulles — as well as one of the few DCIs to serve under two U.S. presidents of opposing political parties. 

Peer Steinbrück

Peer Steinbrück (born 10 January 1947) is a German politician.

Steinbrück was born in Hamburg. From 1968 to 1969 he was training as a reserve officer of the Bundeswehr (German army). From 1970 to 1974 he studied national economy in Kiel. After that he worked in different ministries.

In 1969 he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). In 1993 he became Secretary for Economy and Infrastructure in the State of Schleswig-Holstein. In 1998 he changed to the State of North Rhine-Westphalia and became Secretary for Infrastructure, up from 2000 Secretary of Finance. In 2000 he was elected into the State Parliament of North Rhine-Westphalia.

He was Minister President (Ministerpräsident) of North Rhine-Westphalia from November 2002 to June 2005.

On the state election on 22 May 2005 Steinbrück failed to be reelected as Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia. His successor was Jürgen Rüttgers (CDU).

Since November 2005 he has been finance minister of Germany and Vice chief of SPD.

Beyblade

Beyblade (爆転シュート ベイブレード, "Bakuten Shūto Beiburedo", literally translates to Explosive Shooting Beyblade) is an anime and manga series about a group of kids battling with highly powerful spinning tops enchanted with sacred bit-beasts or spirits of mythical and powerful creatures.

Thirteen-year-old Tyson Granger (Takao Kinomiya), along with his teammates, Kai Hiwatari, Max Tate (Max Mizuhura), and Ray Kon (Rei Kon), strive to become the greatest beybladers in the world. With the technical help of the team's resident genius, Kenny (Kyouju), and with the powerful strength of their bit beasts, the Bladebreakers armed with their tops (AKA: blades) attempt to reach their goal.

Wolfmother

Wolfmother are an Australian rock band. They won a Grammy award in 2007 for their song 'Woman'. Musically they are similar to blues rock bands like Led Zeppelin.

Defense Intelligence Agency

The Defense Intelligence Agency, or DIA, is the central producer and manager of foreign military intelligence for the United States. As one of the principal members of the U.S. Intelligence Community, the agency works to answer national-level defense objectives for the President, the Secretary of Defense, and senior U.S. policymakers.

Although the DIA is designated a Department of Defense combat support agency, the majority of its 16,500 employees (65%) are civilian and its intelligence operations in support of U.S. national strategic planning extend far beyond the zones of combat. The agency has its own Clandestine Service, which conducts espionage activities around the world, particularly in countries where the military has better access or more specialized military experts than the Central Intelligence Agency. Further, DIA leads the Intelligence Community in collection and production of measurement and signature intelligence. 

The agency was established in 1961 under President John F. Kennedy by Defense Secretary Robert McNamara. The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency - who is nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate - chairs the Military Intelligence Board, which coordinates activities of the entire defense intelligence community.

Makenna Cowgill

Makenna Gabrielle Cowgill (born 11 September 1998) is an American actress. She has provided voices for many animated movies.


African bush elephant

The African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana") is the larger of the two species of African elephant. The bull males can weigh 13000 pounds and stand 13 feet tall at the shoulder. 

The population of bush elephants has drastically declined in the last thirty years. It is hunted for its ivory and meat. Protection by game wardens has been only partly successful.

This large elephant is well adapted to the grassland plains of East Africa, and it is sometimes called the African savannah elephant. 

The African bush elephant occurs in Sub-Saharan Africa including Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Namibia, Zambia, and Angola. 

It moves between a variety of habitats. These include subtropical and temperate forests, dry and seasonally flooded grasslands and woodlands, wetlands and agricultural land from sea level to mountain slopes. In Mali and Namibia, it also lives at times in desert areas.

Binda

Binda is a village in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire.

It is about 261 km south-west of Sydney and 19 km north of Crookwell. Other near-by towns or locations are:

In 2006, the population of Binda was 131 people.

The word Binda is thought to be from the Gandangara Aboriginal word for deep water.

The first Europeans in the Binda area were the explorers James Meehan and John Oxley in 1820. People began living in the area in the 1840s. Police were based at Binda in 1840 to protect local farmers from bushrangers. The town was begun in 1851. Blocks of land in the town were made ready for sale in 1852. It was the first town in the area to have a school, post office, police station and a courthouse. At Funny Hill, a sheep farm, a racing track for horses was made and the Binda Picnic Races began in 1848.

On Boxing Day, December 26, 1864, the bushrangers Ben Hall, John Gilbert and John Dunn rode into the town with 3 local girls. They robbed a shop owned by Edward Morriss. They locked all the local people into the Flag Hotel. They made everyone dance to celebrate Boxing Day. Morriss got out of the hotel at 2.00 a.m. and set off to tell the police. Hall set fire to Morriss's shop and burned it down.

Hollister

Hollister can mean:



Hollister Co.

Hollister Co. is a clothing company owned by Abercrombie & Fitch. The kind of clothing they sell is "casual", meaning that it is for informal use. It also has a theme based on the surfing cultural movement of Southern California. The first Hollister store opened in July 2000 in Columbus, Ohio. Even though Hollister opened in 2000, many of their items say it was created in 1922. This is based on a story that is not real. On October 25, 2008 Hollister opened the first store outside the U.S. and Canada in Brent Cross, London.

Ron Simmons

Ronald "Ron" Simmons (born May 15, 1958) is an American retired professional wrestler and American football player. He competed under his real name and the ring names Faarooq Asaad and Faarooq. He is currently signed to the WWE under a Legends program.

He competed in the National Wrestling Association (NWA), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment (WWF/E). During his time in WCW, he became the first African American to win the World Heavyweight Championship when he defeated Big Van Vader on August 2, 1992. In the WWF, he is known for being one-half of the Acolytes Protection Agency along with Bradshaw and was also a member of The Nation of Domination. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Bradshaw in 2012.

Simmons played college football at Florida State University. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2008. He played one season in the National Football League (NFL) with the Cleveland Browns and one season in the Canadian Football League (CFL) with the Ottawa Rough Riders.


Fire services in the United Kingdom

The fire service in the United Kingdom operates under separate legislative and administrative arrangements in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.

In England, there is a fire service for each county and large city, although some cover two counties. Wales is divided between three fire services. Scotland has had only one fire service since 2013. Northern Ireland has had only one fire service since 1973.

Fire services are known as "fire and rescue services", or "fire services" for short, or by the older phrase "fire brigades". Most of them now have the name "[Place] Fire and Rescue Service", e.g. Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service. There are a few that do not: London Fire Brigade, Cleveland Fire Brigade and West Midlands Fire Service.

There are two main types of firefighter:
Some fire stations are day-crewed, meaning they are covered by wholetime firefighters during the day and by retained firefighters at night. A few places have volunteer firefighters, who are like retained firefighters but are not paid at all.

Wholetime firefighters work as part of a 'watch'. This is a group of 5-15 firefighters who work the same hours at the same fire station. A fire station's watches are usually named with a colour (e.g. red watch, white watch, blue watch, green watch,etc).

The fire service has ranks. In most fire services, these are, from lowest to highest:

Bleach (Nirvana album)

Bleach is the first album by the American rock band, Nirvana. It did not become popular when it was released, but when Nirvana's second album "Nevermind" was released in 1991, many Nirvana fans discovered "Bleach". It is the best-selling release ever on the Sub Pop label.

Zub

Zub is a computer game made for use on the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum computers which was released in 1986 by Mastertronic. The code was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64, and the music was composed by David Whittaker.

Zub works for the Emperor Zub of the Zub galactic empire and must find the Green Eye of Zub. Zub has been permitted to use the Ancient Intergalactic Elevators which take him to other planets. The elevators can only be reached by jumping and riding on platforms to reach the top of the sky. The platforms and elevators are guarded by creatures (also known as Zubs) but each planet has a different sub-species - for example the first level's Zub resembles a gyroscope whilst he fourth level Zub is a fish. The Zubs can be shot and stunned. They will float to the top of the sky where the recover and return to attack Zub again. The Green Eye of Zub was located on the tenth planet and once the Eye is found, Zub has to return to the first planet to give the Eye of Zub to Emperor Zub.

There are seven difficulty levels, each one increases the number of enemy Zubs per planet.


Molly Hatchet

Molly Hatchet is a southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida. They were formed in 1971 by Dave Hlubek and Steve Holland.

Northern Italy

Northern Italy ("Italia Settentrionale", "Italia del Nord", "Padania", "Alta Italia", "Norditalia" or just "Nord") is an area that is made up of two areas in Italy: 

Northern Italy is more a business area compared to the south and is colder. People from the south sometimes emigrate to the north because of this.
This region has 26,835,082 inhabitants and an area of 46,301 mi² (119,921 km²). The largest city is Milan. It is generally seen as having a higher wealth than the southern regions of Italy. This is due to the 'North-South' Divide which is said to split the country in half in terms of means of development.

Thermosphere

The thermosphere is the fourth layer of the Earth's atmosphere. It is directly above the mesosphere (middle layer) and directly below the exosphere (top layer). 

The name thermosphere is taken from the Greek word "thermos" which means 'heat'. This layer has high temperatures because it absorbs X-rays and extreme ultraviolet radiation from the Sun. Even though it has temperatures of 2,000 °C (3,360 °F), the density of the thermosphere is so low that it doesn't feel hot. The absorbed ionizing radiation also creates the ionosphere. Shortwave radio waves can bounce off the Kennelly-Heaviside layer (ionosphere) and go to distant parts of the Earth. This layer is very helpful in radio communication. 

Anaconda (installer)

Anaconda is the installer for Red Hat Linux and Fedora. It is written in Python and C, with a graphical interface using GTK+ 3 and PyGObject and a text inetrface using python-newt. A kickstart file can be used to automatically configure the installation, allowing users to run it without much supervision.

Anaconda is used by RHEL, Fedora and a number of other projects, Anaconda offers a text-mode and GUI mode, so users can install on a wide range of systems.

Anacondas are lizard-eating boas, and the Caldera installation program was called "Lizard", hence this name was chosen.


Canowindra

Canowindra (pronounced Can-noun-dra) is an historic town near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. Canowindra is on the Belubula River.

A post office opened in 1847. The mail came through Carcoar. It was not part of the road to the Lachlan because it didn't have a bridge.

In October 1863, bushranger Ben Hall's gang took over the village for three days. Everyone was held hostage in the hotel. The gang held a big party for everyone in the hotel. A monument to Ben Hall was put up in 1951 on the site of Robinson's hotel, the "Travellers' Rest". New research shows that the events happened at an hotel on the other side of the river.

The Royal Hotel is on the site of another hotel owned by Robinson. A sign on the wall says this was where Ben Hall's gang had their party. Other important buildings include the nursing home, the Junction Hotel, Finn's Building, the Victoria Hotel, the former Bank of NSW and the former CBC Bank. The Trading Post is a homewares shop that won a tourism award for 2006.

Canowindra is also known as the Balloon Capital of Australia. One of the largest festivals in Australia used to take place here every April. This was called Marti's Fiesta, which is no longer held due to lack of money.

Australian country music star Captain Flange makes his home in Canowindra.

The town is the site of one of the world's great fossil discoveries. A road worker in 1956 found 360 million year old fish fossils. These were from the Devonian period in the Palaeozoic era. The "Canowindra slab" was taken to the Australian Museum, Sydney. The fish had been trapped in a pool of water that dried up. The fish found were two armoured antiarch placoderms, "Remigolepis walkeri" and "Bothriolepis yeungae." They also found "Canowindra grassi", a lobe-finned crossopterygian fish, with two rare young arthrodire placoderms, "Groenlandaspis" species.

More fossils were found in January 1993 using an excavator to dig down to the fossil layer. Many fish were preserved in detail. Specimens can be seen in the Age of Fishes Museum. This was built with support and funding from the Australian Museum. The Canowindra site has now been listed as part of Australia's National Heritage because of its international scientific importance.

Robert Cutler

Robert Cutler (1895 – 1974) was a U.S. administrator. He served as National Security Advisor between 1953 and 1955, and again from 1957 to 1958. A graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School and attorney and bank executive in Boston, Massachusetts before taking public office, he was the person to serve in the newly created position of National Security Advisor during the Eisenhower Administration.


St. Anthony-Chapel

The St. Anthony-Chapel is a chapel in the district Kornelimünster of the German city of Aachen.

It was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake a short time later. The abbot of the abbey at Kornelimünster ordered to rebuild the damaged building. It was completed in 1781.

The St. Anthony-Chapel belongs to a group of five chapels of Kornelimünster.


United States Secretary of Transportation

The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. 

 (8)
 (11)

Status

The Bushwackers (band)

The Bushwackers Band was first called the Bushwackers and Bullockies Band. It is an Australian folk and country music band. It was active from the early 1970s to 1984. The group started as a trio playing around Latrobe University, Melbourne. The players were Dave Isom, Jan Wositzky and Bert Kanahoff. Their first album, "The Shearer's Dream" was made in 1974 with Dobe Newton on lagerphone and vocals, Mick Slocum on accordions and vocals, Jan Wositzky on harmonica, bush bass and vocals, Tony Hunt on fiddle and viola and Dave Isom on guitar. 

Recordings include "Faces in the Street", "Beneath the Southern Cross", "Bushfire", "Murrumbidgee" and "The Shearers Dream". some of these were made through Australian record label Astor Records. The album "And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda" was made with EMI records in 1976. It is regarded as one of their best recordings.

Many songs were settings of poetry written by Australian bush poets including Henry Lawson.

Other members and musicians who have played and recorded with the band over the years include:

In the 90's the band reformed with Newton and Corbett back in the lineup.

The band members in 2000 were: 

The band members in 2008 were:

In 2010 the band members were:



United States Department of Transportation

The United States Department of Transportation (DOT) is a federal Cabinet department of the United States government concerned with transportation. It was established by an act of Congress on October 15, 1966 and began operation on April 1, 1967. It is administered by the United States Secretary of Transportation. Their current mission statement is, ""The mission of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) is to ensure our Nation has the safest, most efficient and modern transportation system in the world, which improves the quality of life for all American people and communities, from rural to urban, and increases the productivity and competitiveness of American workers and businesses.""""

United States Department of War

The United States Department of War, also called the War Office, was the department of the United States government's executive branch responsible for the operation and maintenance of land (and later air) forces from 1789 until September 18, 1947, when it became part of the National Military Establishment, renamed on August 10, 1949, the Department of Defense. The War Department also had responsibility for the young nation's naval affairs until the establishment of the Navy Department in 1798.

United States Department of Commerce and Labor

The United States Department of Commerce and Labor was a Cabinet department of the United States government.

The department was created on February 14, 1903. Later, on March 4, 1913 the name changed to the Department of Commerce. Then, its bureaus and agencies specializing in labor moved to the new Department of Labor.

The department was administered by the United States Secretary of Commerce and Labor.

United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare

The United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (also known as HEW) was a cabinet-level department of the United States government from 1953 until 1979. It was administered by the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. In 1979, a separate Department of Education (ED) was created from this department, and HEW was renamed as the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).

President Warren G. Harding proposed a Department of Education and Welfare as early as 1923, and similar proposals were also recommended by subsequent presidents, but for various reasons was not implemented. It was only enacted as part of "Reorganization Plan Number 1 of 1953", transmitted to Congress by President Dwight D. Eisenhower on March 12, 1953. HEW ran a Community Public Health Program, which was famous for its grants to cities like Chicago for rat control. It ran a Solid Waste program focused on municipal waste issues, like how to build sanitary landfills rather than dumps. It also had a radiation program under which it wrote standards on things like microwave ovens. When the EPA was created in 1970, it assumed a number of HEW’s programs that related to environmental protection, including its pesticides program and half of its radiation program.

To date, this was the only department of the U.S. government to be created through presidential reorganization authority, in which the president is allowed to create or reorganize bureaucracies as long as neither house of Congress passed a legislative veto. This power to create new departments was removed after 1962, but in the early 1980s, the Supreme Court declared legislative vetoes unconstitutional.

United States Post Office Department

The Post Office Department is the former name of the United States Postal Service when it was a Cabinet department. It was headed by the United States Postmaster General.

The Postal Service Act signed by President George Washington on February 20, 1792 established the Department. Postmaster General John McLean was the first to call it the Post Office "Department" rather than just the "Post Office." The organization became more important in the government when President Andrew Jackson asked his Postmaster General, William T. Barry, to sit as a member of the Cabinet.

During the Civil War, postal services in the Confederacy were provided by the Confederate States of America Post Office Department, headed by Postmaster General John Henninger Reagan.

The Postal Reorganization Act signed by President Richard Nixon on August 12, 1970, replaced the cabinet-level Post Office Department with the independent United States Postal Service. The Act took effect on July 1, 1971.

United States Department of Education

The United States Department of Education (also referred to as ED, for Education Department) is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government. Created by the Department of Education Organization Act (Public Law 96-88), it was signed into law by President Jimmy Carter on October 17, 1979 and began operating on May 4, 1980.

United States Department of Housing and Urban Development

The United States Department of Housing, often abbreviated HUD, is a Cabinet department of the United States federal government. Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency, it was founded in 1965 to develop and execute policy on housing and cities. It has largely scaled back its urban development function and now focuses primarily on housing.

The department was established on September 9, 1965 when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act into law. It stipulated that the department was to be created no later than November 8, 60 days following the date of enactment. The actual implementation was postponed until January 13, 1966, following the completion of a special study group report on the federal role in solving urban problems.

HUD is administered by the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. The former administrator of the US Small Business Association, Steve Preston, was nominated to the Position of Secretary of HUD by President Bush on April 18, 2008. He was confirmed by the Senate and his public swearing in ceremony was on June 6, 2008.

United States Department of Veterans Affairs

The United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is a government-run military veteran benefit system with Cabinet-level status. It is responsible for administering programs of veterans’ benefits for veterans, their families, and survivors. The benefits provided include disability compensation, pension, education, home loans, life insurance, vocational rehabilitation, survivors’ benefits, medical benefits and burial benefits.
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

Particle accelerator

A particle accelerator, also called an atom smasher, is a machine that accelerates (speeds up) particles and makes them travel at very high speeds. Accelerators work by pushing particles like electrons, protons, or atomic nuclei (the centers of atoms) with electric fields and by steering them with magnetic fields. Their main use is to study particle physics.

The largest accelerators are used to study particles smaller than atoms; smaller accelerators are used to study atomic nuclei and make radioactive materials. There are two kinds of particle accelerators: linear accelerators and circular accelerators. Linear accelerators move the particles in a line, while circular accelerators move the particles in a circle. One example of a particle accelerator is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. It is very big, stretching through two countries. Another example is the Tevatron in the United States. The cathode ray tube, used in 20th century televisions and computer monitors is also a simple accelerator for electrons.

When accelerated particles hit other particles such as atoms, smaller pieces come out. This helps people see particles smaller than an atom. Normally those particles cannot be seen, but they can in the particle accelerator. This is because in some ways energy and matter are the same thing. At the high speed created in these machines, some of the movement energy is changed into matter. It is the opposite process that nuclear weapons use; nuclear weapons turn matter into energy. Small amounts of antimatter are also created during the process.
The particle accelerator at CERN was set up to search for the Higgs Boson particle, which would complete the Standard Model of Particle Physics.

Particle accelerators often use very advanced technology. This makes them cost a lot of money which is usually paid by governments.

United States Secretary of Education

The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet, and 16th in line of United States presidential line of succession. The United States Secretary of Education deals with Education.

In 1979, President Jimmy Carter established the Department of Education as a cabinet-level agency. Previously, Education had been handled by the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare, henceforth known as the Secretary of Health and Human Services.

Source

United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare

The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare was the head of the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. The Secretary was a member of the President's Cabinet. In 1979, there was a division of the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare's position into separate secretaries of Health and Human Services and Education.

Oveta Culp Hobby

Oveta Culp Hobby (January 19, 1905–August 16, 1995) was the first secretary of the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, first commanding officer of the Women's Army Corps, and chairman of the board of the "Houston Post".


Patricia Roberts Harris

Patricia Roberts Harris (May 31, 1924 – March 23, 1985) served as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the last United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and the first United States Secretary of Health and Human Services in the administration of President Jimmy Carter. She was the first African American woman to serve as a United States Ambassador, representing the U.S. in Luxembourg under President Lyndon B. Johnson, and the first to enter the line of succession to the Presidency.

Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for Housing

The Assistant Secretary for Housing, who also carries the title Federal Housing Commissioner, is a position within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. The Assistant Secretary is responsible for overseeing the $400 billion Federal Housing Administration insurance portfolio. He or she also oversees the Department of Housing and Urban Development's regulatory responsibilities in the areas of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the housing mission of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and the manufactured housing industry.

The Federal Housing Commissioner is appointed by the President and confirmed by the United States Senate. The Assistant Secretary is third in the order of succession for the office of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. The Assistant Secretary is paid at level IV of the Executive Schedule, meaning he or she receives a basic annual salary of $143,000. The incumbent Federal Housing Commissioner is Brian D. Montgomery, who was confirmed in February 2005. The previous Federal Housing Commissioner was John C. Weicher.

United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development

The United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development is the head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, concerned with "urban housing matters." The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet. Marcia Fudge is currently serving as Secretary.

On January 13, 1966, Robert C. Weaver became the first African American Cabinet member by being appointed to the position.

 (9)
 (9)

Henry Paulson

Henry Merritt "Hank" Paulson Jr. (born March 28, 1946) was the United States Treasury Secretary from 2006 to 2009 and member of the International Monetary Fund Board of Governors. He previously served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs.

Paulson is co-chair with Tom Steyer and Michael Bloomberg for a report called "Risky Business" by a coalition of top U.S. political and economic leaders from the political left, right, and center on the dire economic consequences from climate change (global warming), from lost property to ruined crops.

Reconquista

The Reconquista (a Spanish and Portuguese word for "Reconquest"; Arabic: الاسترداد, "Recapturing") was a period of 800 years in the Middle Ages during which the several Christian kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula expanded themselves (grew) by conquering the Muslim states of Al-Andalus (Arabic الأندلس), the Muslim states on the Iberian Peninsula, and pushing them out of the peninsula.

The Reconquista began shortly after the Islamic conquest. Much of the ideology of the Reconquista was common to most Crusading: soldiers from all Christendom travelled to Iberia to fight the Muslims as an act of Christian repentance.

The Reconquista came to an end on the 2 January 1492 with the capture of Granada. The last Muslim ruler of Granada surrendered (gave up) his kingdom to Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile, the Catholic kings ("los Reyes Católicos"). This event marked the end of Muslim rule in Iberia.



John W. Snow

John William Snow (born August 2, 1939, in Toledo, Ohio) served as the 73rd United States Secretary of the Treasury. He replaced Secretary Paul O'Neill on February 3, 2003 and was succeeded by Henry Paulson on July 3, 2006, in a move that had been anticipated for several weeks. Snow submitted a letter of resignation on May 30, 2006, effective "after an orderly transition period for my successor." To replace him, U.S. President George W. Bush nominated Henry M. Paulson, Jr.. Snow announced on Thursday, June 29, 2006 that he had completed his last day on the job; Robert Kimmitt served as acting secretary until Paulson was sworn in.

Paul H. O'Neill

Paul Henry O'Neill (December 4, 1935 – April 18, 2020) was an American businessman and politician.

He served as the 72nd United States Secretary of the Treasury for part of President George W. Bush's first Administration. He resigned in December 2002 under pressure from the administration and became a harsh critic.

O'Neill was chairman and CEO of Pittsburgh-based industrial giant Alcoa from 1987 to 1999, and retired as chairman at the end of 2000. In 1995, he was made chairman of the RAND Corporation.

O'Neill died of lung cancer on April 18, 2020 in Pittsburgh, aged 84.

Oliver Wolcott Jr.

Oliver Wolcott Jr. (January 11, 1760 – June 1, 1833) was United States Secretary of the Treasury from 1795 to 1800 and governor of Connecticut from 1817 to 1827.

Samuel Dexter

Samuel Dexter (May 14, 1761 – May 4, 1816) was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet.

Born in Boston, Massachusetts, to the Rev. Samuel Dexter, the 4th minister of Dedham, he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln, Sr., the future Attorney General of the United States. After he passed the bar in 1784, he began practicing in Lunenburg, Massachusetts.

United States Secretary of the Army

The United States Secretary of the Army is a civilian office within the Department of Defense with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to the United States Army: manpower, personnel, reserve affairs, installations, environmental issues, weapons systems and equipment acquisition, communications, and financial management. Nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate, the Secretary of the Army is a non-Cabinet position serving under the Secretary of Defense. This position was created September 18, 1947, when the Department of War became the Department of the Army and made a branch of the new Department of Defense.

Kenneth Claiborne Royall

Kenneth Claiborne Royall (July 24, 1894–May 25, 1971) was a United States Army general and the last person to hold the office of Secretary of War. That position was abolished in 1947, and Royall served as the first Secretary of the Army (a successory position) from 1947 to 1949.

Pete Geren

Preston M. Geren, III (born January 29, 1952 in Fort Worth, Texas) was the 20th United States Secretary of the Army from 16 July 2007 to 16 September 2009.

He had already been acting United States Secretary of the Air Force, between 29 July 2005 and position he served in until the confirmation of his successor Michael Wynne on 4 November 2005.

Geren was also a member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas.

Astor markhor

The Astor Markhor or the Flare-horned Markhor ("Capra falconeri falconeri") is an endangered species of Markhor. It is native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan. The Astor Markhor has large, flat horns, branching widely and then going up nearly straight with only a half turn. It is synonymous with "Capra falconeri cashmiriensis" or Pir Panjal Markhor, which has heavy, flat horns, twisted like a corkscrew. The Astor Markhor also has a tendency to sexually segregate outside the mating season because of multiple different mechanisms. The females are usually confined to cliffs with less forage coverage, while the males live in areas with a lot more forage coverage. 

Within Afghanistan, the Astor Markhor is limited to the east in the high and mountainous monsoon forests of Laghman and Nuristan. In Indian-occupied kashmir, this subspecies is restricted to a portion of the Pir Panjal range in southwestern Jammu and Kashmir. Throughout this range, Astor Markhor populations are scattered, starting east of the Banihal Pass (50 km from the Chenab River) on the Jammu–Srinagar highway westward to the disputed de-facto border with Pakistan. Recent surveys indicate it still occurs in catchments of the Limber and Lachipora Rivers in the Jhelum Valley Forest Division, and around Shupiyan to the south of Srinagar. In Pakistan, the Astor Markhor there is restricted to the Indus and its tributaries, as well as to the Kunar (Chitral) River and its tributaries. Along the Indus, it inhabits both banks from Jalkot (Kohistan District) upstream to near the Tungas village (Baltistan), with Gakuch being its western limit up the Gilgit River, Chalt up the Hunza River, and the Parishing Valley up the Astore River. It has been said to occur on the right side of the Yasin Valley (Gilgit District), though this is unconfirmed. The flare-horned Markhor is also found around Chitral and the border areas with Afghanistan, where it inhabits a number of valleys along the Kunar River (Chitral District), from Arandu on the west bank and Drosh on the east bank, up to Shoghor along the Lutkho River, and as far as Barenis along the Mastuj River. The largest population is currently found in Chitral National Park in Pakistan.

Kabul markhor

The Kabul markhor ("Capra falconeri megaceros") is a goat-antelope native to Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is an endangered subspecies of the markhor. It is the 'Provincial animal of Afghania'.


Junagadh

Junagarh City () was the former capital of the former princely state of Junagadh, which was integrated into the Indian Union in 1948. It is now in the state of Gujarat.

Nirvana (album)

Nirvana is a greatest hits album by American grunge band Nirvana, who disbanded in 1994 because the lead singer, Kurt Cobain died. The album was released on October 29, 2002. It was almost not released because of a lawsuit by Cobain's wife Courtney Love. This was because of a song on the album, "You Know You're Right", that Love thought would be wasted on a box-set album. She thought it would work better on one CD. Soon after the lawsuit was settled, the album was released.


India–Pakistan border

The Hindustan–Pakistan Border, known locally as the International Border (IB), is the international boundary between the Republic of India and Pakistan that demarcates the Indian states of Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat from the Pakistani provinces of Punjab and Sindh except for Kashmir that is disputed (Line of Control). The border resulted from the Partition of India in 1947.

Wagah, the ceremonial point of crossing between India and Pakistan lies along this border between the Indian city of Amritsar and the Pakistani city of Lahore.

The border between two countries is called an international border from Gujrat/Sindh to the Line of Control. The Kashmir region is divided by the 1949 UN ceasefire line into two parts and the de facto border dividing Pakistan-administered Kashmir from Indian-administered Kashmir has been called the Line of Control since 1972. On the south side of the border of the Jammu Division is Pakistan's Punjab border, and is called the "working boundary" by Pakistan (which is a recent term) but the "international border" by India.


Emblem of Afghanistan

The Coat of arms of Afghanistan has appeared in some form on the Flag of Afghanistan since the inception of that nation. The most notable absence was during the 1980s when a Communist regime ruled the nation, and in the late 1990s, during the rule of the Taliban. 

The latest incarnation of the coat of arms has the added inscription of the shahadah in Arabic at the top. Below it is the image of a mosque with a mehrab that is facing Mecca with a prayer mat inside. Attached to the mosque are two flags, taken to stand for flags of Afghanistan. Beneath the mosque is an inscription that states the name of the nation. Around the mosque is a garland. It is white

USB hub

USB is an international standard of technology for connecting peripherals to computers and other devices that support it. An interface where a USB device can be connected is called a port. A USB hub is a special device which allows adding more USB ports. The additional ports share one USB connection to the computer; for this reason, each of them cannot carry as much data as a direct USB connection can. 

A hub may be bus-powered, which means it gets all its electrical power from the computer. This makes simple wiring, but it cannot give full power to its peripherals. A self powered hub has its own power cord, and can give full power to peripherals that need it. 

There are different versions of the USB standard; main difference between the version is the maximum speed that is supported. The USB standard also defines different types of USB plugs. 

A USB hub is a normal USB device, which was built for a given version of the standard. Certain models may support different versions of USB, while others may not. As an example: USB 3.0 can transfer payload data at up to 4 GBits per second. USB 2.0 is limited to a transfer rate of 280 MBits per second. Connecting an USB 3.0 device to the computer using an USB 2.0 hub will limit the transfer rate to that of USB 2.0. 

Digital signature

A digital signature or digital signature scheme is a type of asymmetric cryptography. For messages sent through an insecure channel, a good implementation of digital signature algorithm is one that makes the receiver believe that the message was sent by the claimed sender, and trust the message.

Digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to copy than the handwritten type. Digital signature are implemented using cryptography. Digital signatures can also provide acknowledgement, meaning that the signer cannot successfully claim they did not sign a message, while also claiming their private key remains secret. Digital signatures are regularly used in USA, European countries and India in government as well as private offices. In India certificate called Digital Signing Certificate (DSC) is widely used for e-filing the business related documents and income tax return filing etc.

Digital signatures are often used to implement electronic signatures, a broader term that refers to any electronic data that holds a meaning of a signature, but not all electronic signatures use digital signatures. In some countries, including the United States, and in the European Union, electronic signatures may have legal significance. Electronic signatures are not accepted in India, but digital signatures are.

A digital signature system typically consists of two algorithms:


Two main properties are required by the digital signature system:

The GMR signature scheme:

In 1984, Shafi Goldwasser, Silvio Micali, and Ronald Rivest became the first to strictly define the security requirements of digital signature schemes. They described a hierarchy of attack models for signature schemes, they also present the GMR signature scheme. GMR scheme was proven to be secure against adaptive chosen-message attacks — even when an attacker receives signatures for messages of his choice, this does not allow him to copy a signature for a single additional message.

In their foundational paper, Goldwasser, Micali, and Rivest lay out a hierarchy of attack models against digital signatures:


They also describe a hierarchy of attack results:


The strongest notion of security, therefore, is security against existential forgery under an adaptive chosen message attack.



Key generation

Key generation is the process of generating keys for cryptography. The key is used to encrypt and decrypt data whatever the data is being encrypted or decrypted.

Modern cryptographic systems include symmetric-key algorithms (such as DES and AES) and public-key algorithms (such as RSA). Symmetric-key algorithms use a single shared key; keeping data secret requires keeping this key secret. Public-key algorithms use a public key and a private key. The public key is made available to anyone (often by means of a digital certificate). A sender will encrypt data with the public key; only the holder of the private key can decrypt this data.

Since public-key algorithms tend to be much slower than symmetric-key algorithms, modern systems such as TLS and its predecessor SSL as well as the SSH use a combination of the two in which: 

The simplest method to read encrypted data is a brute force attack–simply attempting every number, up to the maximum length of the key. Therefore, it is important to use a sufficiently long key length; longer keys take exponentially longer time to attack, making a brute force attack invisible and impractical. 

Currently, commonly used key lengths are:

In computer cryptography keys are integers. In some cases keys are randomly generated using a random number generator (RNG) or pseudorandom number generator (PRNG), the latter being a computer algorithm that produces data which appears random under analysis. Some types the PRNGs algorithms utilize system entropy to generate a seed data, such seeds produce better results, since this makes the initial conditions of the PRNG much more difficult for an attacker to guess. 

In other situations, the key is created using a passphrase and a "key generation algorithm", using a cryptographic hash function such as SHA-1.


Symmetric-key algorithm

Symmetric-key algorithms is a method in cryptography. It is when the keys for decryption and encryption are exactly the same shared secret. You can generate the secret randomly, or from a password, or through a secret key-exchange procedure like Diffie-Hellman.

Symmetric-key algorithms are very important because they are faster on computers than the other kind:public-key algorithms. In public-key cryptography (asymmetric-key cryptography) the key for encryption can be given to the public with no problem, and everyone can send you secret messages. The key for encryption is "open" because, in practice, it cannot be used to get the key for decryption. This is very useful, but public-key cryptography algorithms are very slow on computers, so they are only used to send a secret key. Then symmetric-key algorithms are used for everything else because they are faster.

There are two kinds of symmetric-key algorithms, called stream ciphers and block ciphers. Stream ciphers encrypt a message as a stream of bits one at a time. Block ciphers take blocks of bits, encrypt them as a single unit, and sometimes use the answer later too. Blocks of 64 bits have been commonly used; though modern ciphers like the Advanced Encryption Standard use 128-bit blocks.

Examples of popular symmetric cyphers include Twofish, Serpent, AES (aka Rijndael), Blowfish, CAST5, RC4, TDES, and IDEA.

In history, some cryptanalysis methods exploited symmetry, so symmetric systems were less secure. Some attacks are called known-plaintext attacks, chosen plaintext attacks, differential cryptanalysis and linear cryptanalysis. 

Other terms for symmetric-key encryption are secret-key, single-key, shared-key, one-key and eventually private-key encryption. This last term does not have the same meaning that the term "private key" has in public-key cryptography.

Unlike symmetric algorithms, asymmetric key algorithms use a different key for encryption than for decryption. Meaning, a user knowing the encryption key of an asymmetric algorithm can encrypt messages, but cannot calculate the decryption key and cannot decrypt messages encrypted with that key. A short comparison of these two types of algorithms is given below: 

Symmetric-key algorithms are generally much less "computationally intensive" than asymmetric key algorithms. In practice, asymmetric key algorithms are typically hundreds to thousands times slower than symmetric key algorithms.

One disadvantage of symmetric-key algorithms is the requirement of a "shared secret key", with both parties holding the same copy at each end. 
In order to ensure secure communications between everyone in a group of n people a total of "n"("n" - 1)/2 keys are needed, which is the total number of possible communication channels.
To limit the impact of a potential discovery by a cryptographic attacker, they should be changed regularly and kept secure during distribution and in service. The process of selecting, distributing and storing keys is known as key management, and is difficult to achieve reliably and securely.

In modern cryptosystems designs, both asymmetric (public key) and symmetric algorithms are used to take advantage of the best of both. 
Asymmetric algorithms are used to distribute symmetric-keys at the start of a session. Once a symmetric key is known to all parties of the session, faster symmetric-key algorithms using that key can be used to encrypt the remainder of the session. This simplifies the key distribution problem, because asymmetric keys only have to be distributed authentically, while symmetric keys need to be distributed in both an authentic and confidential manner.

Systems that use such a hybrid approach include SSL, PGP and GPG, etc.


John Marshall

John Marshall (September 24, 1755 – July 6, 1835) was an American statesman and jurist who shaped American constitutional law and made the Supreme Court more powerful. Marshall was the fourth Chief Justice of the United States, working from February 4, 1801, until his death in 1835. He worked in the United States House of Representatives from March 4, 1799, to June 7, 1800, and, under President John Adams, was Secretary of State from June 6, 1800, to March 4, 1801. Marshall was from the Commonwealth of Virginia and a leader of the Federalist Party.

The longest working Chief Justice in Supreme Court history, Marshall ruled the Court for thirty years and was an important part of making the American legal system. His most important addition was judicial review; the power to stop laws that violate the Constitution. Marshall has been called the one that made the judicial branch special and powerful. Marshall also balanced the power between the federal and state government. He made sure the federal law was more powerful than state law and agreed with an expansive reading of the enumerated powers.

William H. Crawford

William Harris Crawford (February 24, 1772–September 15, 1834) was an important American politician and judge during the early 19th century. He served as United States Secretary of War from 1815 to 1816 and United States Secretary of the Treasury from 1816 to 1825, and was a candidate for President of the United States in 1824.

In 1875, Crawford appeared on the 50 cent bill.

The town of Crawfordsville, Indiana, as well as Crawford County, Illinois; Crawford County, Iowa; Crawford County, Missouri; Crawford County, Arkansas; Crawford County, Wisconsin; Crawfordville, Georgia; and Crawford County, Georgia, are named for Crawford.

James McHenry

James McHenry (November 16, 1753 – May 3, 1816) was an early American statesman. McHenry was a signer of the United States Constitution. He was from Maryland. Fort McHenry was named for him. He was also a delegate to the Continental Congress from Maryland, and the third United States Secretary of War from January 27, 1796 to May 13, 1800, under Presidents George Washington and John Adams.

Timothy Pickering

Timothy Pickering (July 17, 1745 – January 29, 1829) was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety of roles, most notably as the third United States Secretary of State, serving in that office from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents George Washington and John Adams.

John Jay

John Jay (December 23, 1745 – May 17, 1829) was an American politician, statesman, slave owner, and diplomat. He was a Supreme Court Chief Justice and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. Jay served in the Continental Congress and was elected President of that body. During and after the American Revolution, he was a minister (ambassador) to Spain and France, helping to fashion American foreign policy and to secure favorable peace terms from the British and French. He co-wrote the "Federalist Papers" with Alexander Hamilton and James Madison.

Jay served on the U.S. Supreme Court as the first Chief Justice of the United States from 1789 to 1795. In 1794 he negotiated the Jay Treaty with the British. A leader of the new Federalist party, Jay was governor of New York from 1795 to 1801. He was the leading opponent of slavery and the slave trade in New York. His first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785, but he succeeded in 1799, signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of New York; the last were freed before his death.

Evan Longoria

Evan Michael "Longo" Longoria (born October 7, 1985) is a third baseman for the San Francisco Giants. Longoria began his MLB career with the Tampa Bay Rays before being traded to the Giants in 2017. He won the 2008 American League Rookie of the Year award. In 2009, he won the Silver Slugger and Gold Glove awards for American League third basemen. Longoria once again won the Gold Glove award in 2010 and 2017.

Nucleolus

A nucleolus (plural: nucleoli) is the part of a eukaryotic cell where ribosomes are made. Seen under a microscope, the nucleolus is a dark spot inside the cell's nucleus. It is made up of dense RNA and proteins. Prokaryotic cells also have ribosomes, but they don't make as many as eukaryotes do, and there is no visible nucleotatius. There is usually more than one nucleolus in a eukaryote cell. The nucleolus is not bounded by a membrane. 

The nucleolus is made at a nucleolus organizer region (NOR), which is a chromosome region around which the nucleolus forms. Inside the nucleolus ribosomes are made. Ribosomes are molecular machines that synthesizes proteins. The ribosomes are exported through the nuclear envelope to the cytoplasm, where they do their work.

Nucleoli play a role in the cell's response to stress. They also help in the assembly of signal recognition particles. Malfunction of nucleoli can be the cause of several human diseases.

Candice Bergen

Candice Bergen (born May 9, 1946) is an American actress. In 1980, she was nominated for an Academy Award for "Best Actress in a Supporting Role" for her role in "Starting Over". Bergen later acted as the title character in "Murphy Brown". (1988-98, 2018-present).

Duke Nukem 3D

Duke Nukem 3D is a first-person shooter video game. It was made by 3D Realms and sold by Apogee Software. It was first sold on January 29, 1996. "Duke Nukem 3D" is based on the main character from the platform games "Duke Nukem" and "Duke Nukem II" which were also published by Apogee. The character is voiced by Jon St. John.

In the game, players control Duke Nukem, an action hero from Earth. Players must fight invading aliens that want to take over Earth. The game is made up of 28 levels spread over three chapters. An add-on pack called "The Plutonium Pak", later added a fourth episode of 11 new levels, new enemies, and one new weapon.

The game is a first person shooter, so the player sees the game from Duke's eyes. Instead of following the character around like a third-person shooter, Duke Nukem is like being "inside" Duke, and the player can see Duke's hands and weapons on the screen. The player fights the aliens, most often by shooting at them with different guns, but Duke can also kick, and throw pipe bombs like grenades. The player must also sometimes solve puzzles to find the way through the level.

"Duke Nukem 3D" is set "sometime in the early 21st century", starting in a badly worn down Los Angeles. The game moves on to places such as lunar space stations. An alien transgenic species has invaded Earth while Duke has been fighting in space. Duke crash lands back on Earth and finds most humans are gone. Only a few women remain as slaves for the aliens. America has been turned into a wasteland, and pornography has become the only entertainment.

The levels of "Duke Nukem 3D" take the player outdoors and indoors, on the street, inside military bases, deserts, flooded cities, space stations, moon bases and Japanese villas. Levels were designed with many routes so that players can climb through air ducts, back doors and sewers to avoid enemies or find hidden secrets. This makes the levels well suited to multiplayer deathmatchs. The secret items also include (light switches to make it easier to see, water fountains and broken hydrants provide some health points) or simply provide a touch of diversion and strippers who Duke tells jokes to and sometimes they open up their clothes.

The game includes a range of weapons, some of which, even today, are still unique to the "Duke Nukem" series. They range from Duke's foot for kicking, a pistol, a "Chain gun" (similar in design to the Nordenfelt gun), pipe bombs, freeze- and shrink-rays, and laser-trip-mines.

Aside from weapons, Nukem can also find 'medkits' to heal himself whenever the player chooses. Steroids make the player move faster, as well as removing the effects of the shrink-ray. Nightvision goggles allow players to see enemies in the dark. The "HoloDuke" device projects a fake hologram of Duke that can be used to trick enemies. Protective boots allow the player to cross dangerously hot or toxic floors. For underwater scenes, scuba gear (an aqua-lung) can be used to let Duke breathe. One of the favorite items is the jetpack which allows the player to fly up in the sky, often to reach hidden weapons or extra health. Many of the secret items such as the jetpack, the scuba gear and the night vision goggles only last for a short time. Weapons also have a limited number of ammunition.

There are many monsters in the game. Some of these are aliens, others mutated humans (the LAPD has been turned into monster pigs). Similar to many first-person shooter games, Nukem encounters a large number of weaker enemies, and a small number of boss enemies (extremely powerful). Like Duke, these "boss" enemies have a wide range of weapons and equipment (some weaker enemies have jet packs).

In 1996, at the time of the game's release, Internet-based gaming was just beginning and "Duke Nukem 3D" could be played on IPX LAN or modem. "Duke Nukem 3D" players often used the IPX network utility Kali or the Total Entertainment Network (TEN) online service. Kali allowed users to join a chat room to find opponents. The Total Entertainment Network had hundreds of Duke 3D players online at any time, but players had to pay money monthly for it. The game's levels are often used as the battlegrounds for these online players, bur users are able to create their own levels ("maps"). The game also features co-operative play (co-op) which allows players to fight against the aliens instead of each other. In the "Atomic" version, a new game play mode was introduced: Duke Tag, a "capture the flag" style mode.

Ken Silverman's Build engine allowed complicated levels. The game could use slopes in the floors. It also supports upwards and downwards mouse aiming (though aiming up and down distorts the graphics due to not having perspective correction).

Duke Nukem 3D "Build" engine had doors/walls that can move sideways. The "Build" scripting system allows a whole string of moving and sliding parts with sound effects, such as buildings falling down, earthquakes, and walls that break apart when hit with explosives. One of the more advanced effects is the horizontal sliding platform that can move the player inside a small sliding room, which made it possible to create subway cars moving in a timed sequence around a ring-shaped track.

The "Build" engine makes horizontally moving platforms possible by allowing several objects to pass through the same 2D space. While inside one of these spaces, it is not possible to see into the other space, and so the Byuild 2.5D engine has no problem rendering one space or the other even though the map data literally shows the two areas to be occupying the same place. Several "Duke Nukem 3D" maps use this feature to create bizarre mind-bending maps where multiple large rooms all seem to be occupying one 3D space. One secret level in particular ("Lunatic Fringe" from episode 2, Lunar Apocalypse) has a map where the player can travel 720 degrees around a circle and not cross their path. This would be much more difficult to duplicate with modern true-3D map editors and engines. 

An early beta (testing) version of "Duke Nukem 3D" called LameDuke was released by 3D Realms as a "bonus" one year after the release of the official version. It has been released as is, with no support.

LameDuke features four episodes. Some weapons were removed and/or altered from the original versions.

"Duke Nukem 3D" is often thought of as one of the first videogames to have adult humor and sexual themes, especially in the first-person shooter genre. Jokes about American consumerism, Hollywood culture, and sex in the media are made all through the game. Duke's world is out of control and virtually all forms of entertainment in this future have been reduced to pornography by the aliens.

The game has been heavily attacked by some critics, who claim that it supports pornography and murder. Media Watch made the following comments about the game.
""Duke Nukem 3D" moves the 'shooter' through pornography stores, where Duke can use XXX sex posters for target practice. Duke throws cash at a prostituted woman telling her to 'Shake it, Baby' his gun ever ready. In the game bonus points are awarded for the murder of these mostly prostituted and partially nude women. Duke blows up stained glass windows in an empty church or goes to strip clubs where Japanese women lower their kimonos exposing their breasts. Duke is encouraged to kill defenseless, often bound women."— Media Watch, Teaching Boys To Kill "
In reality, Duke Nukem 3D does not contain a "bonus points" system; even accidental shooting of innocents in the game is, sometimes, punished by a sudden group of enemies attacking.

"Duke Nukem 3D" was banned in Brazil, along with "Quake", "Doom" and several other violent first-person shooters. As a response to complaints, censored versions of the game were sold in some countries to avoid being banned. In Germany, the BPjM placed the game on the "List of Media Harmful to Young People".

Many spin-offs and modifications to the original "Duke Nukem 3D" were produced after the game's initial launch.

Plutonium PAK/Atomic Edition: The Atomic Edition of "Duke Nukem 3D" was first sold in November 1996, and contained the original 3 episode game as well as a new eleven-level fourth episode. The Plutonium PAK was also sold as an upgrade package to convert the first available version of "Duke Nukem 3D" (v1.3d) to the new Atomic Edition (v1.4, later upgraded again to v1.5). It includes three new enemies: the Protector Drone, the Pig Cop Tank, and a new boss known as The Alien Queen. It also includes a new weapon, the Microwave Expander, with its own special ammunition. It also has several improvements to the software of the game, which allow the game's players to create new enemies and items. Also this version includes a computer controlled second player to simulate multiplayer games.

EDuke ("Enhanced Duke Nukem 3D"): created by Matthew Saettler was given away as a patch for Atomic Edition users on July 28, 2000. On this version 3D Realms removed the copyrights from the software so that players could do anything they liked with it and included a demo mod made by several beta testers. The demo included new Sector-Based Effects, Sprite-Based Elevators, Ladders, a Bouncing Particle Fountain, a Personal Teleporter, and a Sophisticated Translucent Water Effect. Saettler has kept records of his original Eduke site hee for reference.

Duke Caribbean: Life's a Beach: This is an add-on created by Sunstorm Interactive. Duke relaxes on a tropical island when he discovers that the aliens are having their own "vacation" there. This unofficial add-on has a sunny Caribbean atmosphere, nice beaches and hotels as well as some of the original Duke Nukem 3D stuff fit in. It includes levels created by Charlie Wiederhold, who later worked for 3D Realms to work on "Duke Nukem Forever", the upcoming sequel to "Duke Nukem 3D".

Duke it out in D.C.: In this storyline, President Bill Clinton is captured by alien forces, and it is up to Duke to save him. This pack has levels that are based on real locations of Washington DC, such as the White House, the FBI headquarters, the Smithsonian museum, and the Washington Monument and others. This game was also developed by Sunstorm Interactive.

Duke: Nuclear Winter: This one was developed by Simply Silly Software. In the storyline, Santa Claus is mind-controlled by aliens into causing trouble on Earth. Several of the levels take place near the North Pole. This game has sometimes been criticized for using content from the original Duke Nukem 3D.

Duke Xtreme: An add-on developed by Sunstorm Interactive and contained 50 levels and many items. This version had many technical problems.

Duke!Zone (Parts 1 and 2): Was sold by WizardWorks and had over 500 levels made by fans of Duke Nukem 3D. "Duke!ZONE II", contained three episodes designed by WizardWorks.

"Duke Nukem 3D" has been included in several compilations. A bundle called "East Meets West" included the full versions of "Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition" and "Shadow Warrior". A bundle called "Duke Nukem: Kill-A-Ton Collection" featured "Duke Nukem 3D: Atomic Edition", "Duke Xtreme", "Duke!ZONE II", "Duke Nukem I" ("Duke Nukum"), "Duke Nukem II", and various other utilities. Both of these compilations are no longer sold. Earlier packages of "Duke Nukem 3D" also included the complete versions of "Duke Nukem" I and II as a bonus.

In 1998, 3D Realms filed a lawsuit against Micro Star over its add-on pack 
"Nuke It" and won. 

The source code to the "Duke Nukem 3D" v1.5 executable, which uses the Build engine, was released as free software under the GPL on April 1, 2003. The artwork remains copyright protected. Many programmers altered so that it can be played on modern computers. As of 2007, these projects gave the game a second life in multiplayer games through the Internet and a growing community is still actively playing.

The first modern "Duke Nukem 3D" project was from icculus.org. It is a cross-platform project that allows the game to be played on BeOS, FreeBSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris, Windows and prossibly others. The icculus.org software would later be used in the Rancidmeat, and later, the xDuke projects.

One popular project is Jonathon Fowler's JFDuke3D, which the original creator of "'Duke Nukem 3D", Ken Silverman, gave support to, in December 2003. Fowler and Silverman produced a new version of JFDuke3D using Polymost, an OpenGL software product for Build, which uses much more advanced 3D models, and 32-bit color. Another project JFDuke3D called xDuke (not related to the xDuke project by icculus.org/duke3d) was created for play on the Xbox.

Silverman has helped Fowler with a lot of other software work related to the game. 

Here is a list of some of the most popular "Duke Nukem 3D" versions played in 2008:

Projects such as the "Duke Nukem 3D High Resolution Pack" were started to give the game the same quality as modern games. There are plans to continue enhancing the "'Duke Nukem 3D" software but no new versions of JFDuke3D have appeared since 2005.

A few projects have been created from the EDuke version (most notably WinEDuke and EDuke 2.1.1), but it was not until the release of Richard Gobeille's EDuke32 (a version of JFDuke3D using Saettler's EDuke software) in 2004 that EDuke became a the most popular with programmers. EDuke32 has been capable of playing OGG music since September 2007. A pack of music was compiled is planned to be part of future versions of the High Resolution Pack. In June 2008, EDuke32 became the first "Duke Nukem 3D" project to be played as 64-bit software thanks to the DOSBox team.

In 1997, "Duke Nukem 3D" versions were sold for all the major consoles of the time. 

The PlayStation version, "Duke Nukem: Total Meltdown", includes six extra areas and a secret level, which was also included in the PC version. It has some music from the PC version, some from the original, in Streaming XA-Audio made by Mark Knight, new enemies and a new boss.

The Sega Saturn version was created by Lobotomy Software and sold by Sega. It uses Lobotomy's "SlaveDriver" software. This version uses the Sega NetLink for online play, and is played with the Saturn's analog pad. It also includes a hidden multiplayer mini-game called "Death Tank Zwei". The Nintendo 64 version was named "Duke Nukem 64" and can be played by four players on a split-screen. There is no music in this version and many items have been renamed to avoid drug and sex references. Other changes include a fully 3D model for the final boss.

In 1998, a Sega Mega Drive version was sold by Tec Toy. The artwork is very simple and only one third of the original game was included. This version was sold in Brazil only. 

A version of "Duke Nukem 3D" was also released for the Game.com, Tiger's handheld system.

A Duke Nukem 3D version has been sold for Xbox Live since September 24, 2008. This version includes the ability to "rewind" the game to any point if Duke gets killed, video recording and online multiplayer games. The music is slightly better quality using modern MIDI tools.


William Rehnquist

William Hubbs Rehnquist (October 1, 1924 – September 3, 2005) was an American lawyer, jurist, and a political figure. He was the 16th Chief Justice of the United States from 1986 until his death in 2005. Before becoming Chief Justice, he was an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States from 1971 to 1986. 

Considered a conservative, Rehnquist favored a federalism under which the states meaningfully exercised governmental power. Under this view of federalism, the Supreme Court of the United States, for the first time since the 1930s, struck down an Act of Congress as exceeding federal power under the Commerce Clause.

Rehnquist died on September 3, 2005. He was replaced by John Roberts as Chief Justice.


<br>

Hyderabad State

Hyderābād and Berar (, ) under the Nizams, was the largest Princely state in the erstwhile Indian Empire. The Berar region of present-day Vidarbha in Maharashtra was merged with the Central Provinces in 1903, to form Central Provinces and Berar.

Hyderabad state was in south-central India from 1724 until 1948. It was ruled by the hereditary Nizam. During the Partition of British India in 1947, the Nizam of Hyderabad declared his intentions of not joining either newly formed India or Pakistan. Sensing trouble, India launched Operation Polo which resulted in the absorption of Hyderabad into the Indian Union, in 1948.

The forebears of the Asaf Jahi Dynasty came to India from Samarkand, in Central Asia, but the family actually originated from Baghdad. In 1724, the Mughal Governor of the Deccan, Asaf Jah, Nizam ul-Mulk, Qamar ud-din Khan, established himself as an independent ruler of Deccan. Aurangabad was its first capital city, later Hyderabad became the capital and later lent its name to the state he had created. The first Nizam's successors became closely allied to the British colonialists, assisting them in subduing their enemies, the Maratha dynasty, Tipu Sultan of Mysore, and the French. In later years, the Nizam's troops invariably took part in all the main campaigns of the British Indian Army. Large numbers of his troops took part in the First and Second World Wars. These contributions earned for the Nizam unequalled titles and honours from a grateful Emperor. 

The state was the largest and premier of all princely states within the British Indian Empire. After the Pakistani and Indian Independences, the 7th Nizam of Hyderabad, Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII decided that the Princely state of Hyderabad will not join the New Dominion of India or Dominion of Pakistan. His decision found favour with Pakistan but not with India. The Nizam’s state was a prosperous one and had its own army, railway and airline network, postal system and radio network. On 15th August, 1947, India declared itself an independent nation. And so did Hyderabad.

At the time of the Independence movement of India, the State of Hyderabad was the largest of the princely states in India. The Nizams of Hyderabad ruled over lands extending to cover 82,698 mi² (214,190 km²) of fairly homogenous territory, bigger than Belarus but smaller than Guyana. The Nizam ruled over a cosmopolitan population of roughly 16.34 million people (as per the 1941 census). These advantages persuaded the Nizam to attempt an Independent existence when the British withdrew from the sub-continent in 1947. He refused to join either a Hindu India or a Muslim Pakistan, preferring to form a separate Kingdom within the British Commonwealth of Nations. Hyderabad State had its own Army, Airline, Telecommunication system, railway network, postal system, currency and Radio broadcasting service.

In Hyderabad, where no official Referendum was held and where the ruler did not accede, the forced accession to India brought about by Military action, was presumed to have the tacit approval of the predominantly Hindu population. It was one of several annexations by India, with various rationales.

Historical dates of Hyderabad Deccan State:


These were the 4 Divisions and 17 Districts combined which most of the former Princely state is as follows:

After the states were captured they reorganised in 1956, Aurangabad became part of Maharashtra, and Gulbarga became part of Karnataka, the remainder became Andhra Pradesh.


Two-nation theory

The two-nation theory (Urdu: دو قومی نظریہ‎ "do qaumī nazariya") is the basis of the creation of Pakistan. The two-nation theory in its simplest way means that cultural, political, religious, economic and social dissimilarities between the two major communities, Hindus and Muslims of the Subcontinent. These differences of outlook, in fact, were greatly instrumental in giving rise to two distinct political ideologies which were responsible for the partition of the sub-continent into two independent states. The two-nation theory was a founding principle of the Pakistan Movement (i.e. the ideology of Pakistan as a Muslim nation-state in South Asia), and the partition of India in 1947.

The ideology that religion is the determining factor in defining the nationality of Indian Muslims and Hindus was postulated by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who termed it as the awakening of Muslims for the creation of Pakistan. As a consequence, it spawned creation of many Hindu nationalist organisations, with causes including working towards making India a similar state for the majority of Hindus residing there. 

There are varying interpretations of the two-nation theory, based on whether the two postulated nationalities can coexist in one territory or not, with radically different implications. One interpretation argued for sovereign autonomy, including the right to secede, for Muslim-majority areas of the Indian subcontinent, but without any transfer of populations (i.e. Hindus and Muslims would continue to live together). A different interpretation contends that Hindus and Muslims constitute "two distinct and frequently antagonistic ways of life and that therefore they cannot coexist in one nation." In this version, a transfer of populations (i.e. the total removal of Hindus from Muslim-majority areas and the total removal of Muslims from Hindu-majority areas) is a desirable step towards a complete separation of two incompatible nations that "cannot coexist in a harmonious relationship".

Opposition to the theory has come from two sources. The first is the concept of a single Indian nation, of which Hindus and Muslims are two intertwined communities. Even after the formation of Pakistan, debates on whether Muslims and Hindus are distinct nationalities or not continued in India. The second source of opposition is the concept that while Indians are not one nation, neither are the Muslims or Hindus of the subcontinent, and it is instead the relatively homogeneous provincial units of the subcontinent which are true nations and deserving of sovereignty across the subcontinent.

Samuel Osgood

Samuel Osgood (February 3, 1747 – August 12, 1813) was an American merchant and statesman from Andover, Massachusetts. He served in the Massachusetts and New York state legislatures, represented Massachusetts in the Continental Congress and was the first Postmaster General under the United States Constitution.

William Bradford (Attorney General)

William Bradford (September 14, 1755 – August 23, 1795) was an American lawyer and judge. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Bradforn was the second United States Attorney General in 1794-1795.

Charles Lee (Attorney General)

Charles Lee (1758 – June 24, 1815) was an American lawyer from Virginia. He served as United States Attorney General from 1795 until 1801.

President George Washington appointed Lee the Attorney General after William Bradford died in office. After Senate approval he took office on December 10, 1795 and served through the rest of the administration. He was continued in office by John Adams and served through the entire Adams administration until February 19, 1801.

Benjamin Stoddert

Benjamin Stoddert (1751 – December 13, 1813) was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1, 1798 to March 31, 1801.

Joseph Hewes

Joseph Hewes (July 9, 1730 – November 10, 1779), was a native of Princeton, New Jersey, where he was born in 1730. Hewes’s parents were part of the Quaker Society of Friends.They married at Stony Brook Quaker Meeting in Middlesex County, New Jersey. Hewes attended schools various private schools close to home and then about 1749 was apprenticed to a merchant in Philadelphia. After finishing his apprenticeship he set up a store and engaged in business in Philadelphia. That business failed and about 1754 he moved to Edenton, Chowan County, North Carolina where he set up a store. After a few years as a successful merchant, in 1757 he was elected Justice of the Peace and served as the Inspector of the Port at Edenton. In 1758 he served on committees creating a secondary school in Edenton and a new courthouse and jail. By 1760 Hewes was Edenton’s leading merchant. Hewes was elected to the North Carolina Assembly in 1760 and served one term. In 1766 he was re-elected and served except for a one year absence in 1777 until his death in 1779. 

Candela

A candela is the SI base unit of luminous intensity. It measures how bright something is. It is one of the basic units of science. A light bulb is bright, but the Sun is much brighter, so the Sun has more candelas than the light bulb. 

The frequency chosen for measuring candelas is in the visible spectrum near green. This is a wavelength of about 555 nanometres. The human eye is most sensitive to this frequency, when adapted for bright conditions. 

A candela sometimes is called 'candle'.

Hongwu Emperor

The Hongwu Emperor (October 21, 1328– June 24, 1398), known in China as , was the first emperor of the Ming part of China's history.
The Hongwu Emperor's real name was . It is written in Chinese writing. His given name was Chongba and his family were the Zhus, but Chinese people write their family names first. His name means "Double Eight", which is a lucky number in Chinese culture. People say his parents called him that because their ages at the time added together to make 88. He was also their eighth child.

In old China, there were many rules about names and who could use them. People used boys' real names but, when they became men at age 20, only older members of their families could call them that. Other people used a special courtesy name to be polite. When he became a man, Zhu Chongba chose the name Xīngzōng, meaning that he wanted to bring success in honor of his dead family members. This name is written in the traditional writing used on Taiwan and Hong Kong and in the simplified writing now used by the PRC. When he started to become a successful leader, he started to use a third name: . This name is written in Chinese writing. He also sometimes used the courtesy name Guóruì, meaning "National Luckiness".

In old China, the Chinese emperors did not number their years from one place. Instead, they gave names to eras (groups of years) any time they wanted. Some emperors made 10 or more eras while they led China. Zhu Yuanzhang started his era when he took Khanbaliq (now Beijing) from the Yuan emperor Toghon Temür in 1368. He said this was the 1st year of the "Very Warlike Era", which sounds like "Hóngwǔ" and is written in Chinese. He only had this one era when he was emperor, so people also called him the "Emperor of the Hongwu Era" or "Hóngwǔdì" ().

When he was the emperor of China, Chinese people just called him the "Emperor". If they met him, they used very polite terms like "Bìxià" (, "Your Highness") to speak to him. After he died, the next emperors gave him a new, long, and very polite name and called him "Míng Tàizǔ" (), the "Greatest Dead Family Member" of the Ming. After the Xinhai and Communist changes in government of China, people are less polite when they talk about the old emperors. They usually just call him by his everyday name Zhu Yuanzhang like a common person. In English, it's more common to talk about him as the Hongwu Emperor.

Zhu Chongba was born on October 21, 1328, during the Yuan part of China's history. His father ZhuWusi () or ZhuShizhen () and his mother Chen Erniang were farmers near a small town called Zhongli near the Huai River in central China. Today, it's within Fengyang, Anhui. His family had so little money that they had no land themselves and needed to borrow other people's farmland. They could not feed all their children and had to give away some of them to other people.

When Zhu was 16 years old, there was no rain for a long time. Because only a little food could grow, everyone left in his family died except for Zhu and one of his brothers. Not knowing what else to do, he joined the Huangjue Buddhist temple as a monk. It did not have much money either and could not give him food for very long, so he soon left. He walked around, asking people for money or food, for about 3 years. Then he went back to Huangjue Temple and stayed there until he was 24. The other monks at the temple taught him to read and write.

People were very angry with the Yuan leaders of China at the time. They were Mongolian people, but most Chinese were Han. Many people started fighting the government. The Yuan army would stop them but hurt many people as they did. Then more people joined in fighting the government. Zhu was one of these. An army destroyed his temple and he started joining the people fighting against them in 1352. He quickly became a leader and joined his fighters with the Red Turbans. In 1356, he took Nanjing and made it the capital of his own small country. He made laws and kept his people mosty safe, so many more people left to join him. This made him even stronger.

In 1368, he took Khanbaliq (today's Beijing) and started the Ming Empire in place of the Yuan.

He died on June 24, 1398, and was followed as emperor by his grandson Zhu Yunwen, who became the Jianwen Emperor.

Soulja Boy

DeAndre Cortez Way (born July 28, 1990), professionally known as Soulja Boy Tell 'Em or simply Soulja Boy, is an American rapper and record producer. He is widely known for the songs "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" and "Tell 'Em". 

He has brought out two albums, called "souljaboytellem.com" and "iSouljaBoyTellEm". Most critics dislike his music, with Entertainment Weekly called souljaboytellem.com a "teenage wasteland" and Artistdirect stating that iSouljaBoyTellEm "falls flat."

Soulja Boy also had an argument with Ice-T. After the argument, rappers such as Kanye West and 50 Cent defended Soulja Boy and rappers such as Snoop Dogg and Method Man defended Ice-T.



Hadron

A hadron, in particle physics, is any subatomic (smaller than the atom) particle or antiparticle which is made of quarks. 

Quarks are fundamental particles which among other properties have an electrical charge and a name (e.g. 'up', 'down', 'strange'). The electrical charge of a single quark is always a fraction (e.g. 2/3). Quarks combine to make a hadron of integer charge, for example, the charges of two 'down' quarks and one 'up' quark combine like this -1/3 -1/3 +2/3 = 0 to make a "neutrally" charged "neutron". Quarks do not appear alone, they exist in groups and are held together by the strong nuclear force. The word to describe the different types of quarks is "flavours." According to the current standard model there are 6 flavours of quarks. There are two known ways quarks can combine, to give the two categories of hadrons:
Hadrons are also characterized by being affected by the strong nuclear force, which holds them tightly together over a short distance. At the center of an atom is a nucleus (a cluster of protons and neutrons). 


These are the most commonly discussed hadrons. There are many more: , .

These are predictions for different ways quarks may be put together. There is not any solid evidence for them existing yet.

Zlatko Zahovič

Zlatko Zahovič (born 1 February 1971) is a former Slovenian football player. He has played for Slovenia national team.

47||3
15||3
246||54
14||7
20||3
342||70

!Total||80||35

Francis Lee

Francis Henry Lee (29 April 1944 – 2 October 2023), also known as Franny Lee, was an English professional footballer and businessman. After he stopped being a footballer, he served as the chairman and main shareholder of Manchester City. On 2 October 2023, at the age of 79, Lee died after a long illness with cancer.

500||227
500||227

!Total||27||10

Manchester City

Derby County

Individual

Shaun Goater

Shaun Goater is a Bermudan former football player.

551||217
8||3
558||220

!Total||36||32

Argentine Primera División

Primera División Argentina (English: "Argentine First Division") is a professional football league in Argentina. It is the top division in the country, and has a promotion and relegation system. Relegated teams drop to the Primera Nacional. 

Vladimír Šmicer

Vladimír Šmicer (born 24 May 1973) is a former Czech football player. He has played for Czechoslovakia national team and Czech Republic national team.

Slavia Prague

Lens

Liverpool

Bordeaux

Czech Republic

Dietmar Hamann

Dietmar Hamann (born 27 August 1973 in Waldsassen) is a German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

Bayern Munich

Liverpool

Germany

Individual

!Total||59||5

Arthur Rowley

George Arthur Rowley (21 April 1926 – 19 December 2002) was an English football striker. He holds the record for the most career goals in The Football League, 434 from 619 games. He was the younger brother of Manchester United legend Jack Rowley. He was shortlisted for inclusion into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2008.

Fulham

Leicester City

Individual

Laurie Cunningham

Laurie Cunningham (8 March 1956 – 15 July 1989) is a former football player. He played for the England national team.

187||39
130||20
30||8
1||0
348||67

!Total||6||0

Glenn Hoddle

Glenn Hoddle (born 27 October 1957) is a former English football player. He has played for England national team.

Tottenham Hotspur

AS Monaco

Individual

Swindon Town 

Chelsea

Tottenham Hotspur

Individual

Al-Saadi Qadhafi

Al-Saadi Qadhafi (born 25 May 1973), is a former football player. He played for the Libya national team. He is the third son of former leader Muammar Gaddafi. In 2011, he was the commander of Libya's Special Forces. He was involved in the Libyan civil war.

2||0
2||0

Robert Pirès

Robert Pirès (born 29 October 1973) is a French football player. He plays for Villarreal in Spain, but he has also played for many other teams like Arsenal and Olympique Marseille, and he has also won the World Cup and the European championship with France. He is known for his quick dribbling, thinking and passing skills, and he has also scored some great goals in his career. He usually plays on the left wing so that he can cross balls into the penalty box that strikers can score with.

Metz

Arsenal

France

Individual

Orders

Zoran Mirković

Zoran Mirković (born 21 September 1971) is a former football player. He has played for the Serbia and Montenegro national team.

144||2
46||2
79||1
71||3
340||8

!Total||57||0

Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink

Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink (born 27 March 1972) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for the Netherlands national football team. He won the 1998–99 Premier League Golden Boot, along side Dwight Yorke and Michael Owen. This made him the joint first foreign Golden Boot winner.

!Total||23||9

Boavista

Atlético Madrid

Chelsea

Middlesbrough

Cardiff City

Individual

Burton Albion


Andy Cole

Andrew Cole (born 15 October 1971) is a former English football player. He has played for England national team.

Arsenal

Newcastle United

Manchester United

Blackburn Rovers

Individual

FC Porto

Futebol Clube do Porto (pron. ) – short: FC Porto or FCP – is a Portuguese sports club best known for its football team. It was created in Porto in 1893. It holds the best International record by a Portuguese team (7 international titles), having won the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup twice each. In 2003, it brought Portugal's first UEFA Cup and in 1987 it brought Portugal's first UEFA Supercup. Domestically they hold the best record of five titles in a row, having won the Portuguese Liga 26 times, the Portuguese Cup 16 times and Portuguese Supercup 18 times.
It was founded in the northern city of Porto on September 28, 1893, by wine-salesman António Nicolau d'Almeida who had his first contact with the game of football on one of his trips to England. The club was revived in 1906 by José Monteiro da Costa.

F.C. Zenit Saint Petersburg

FC Zenit Saint Petersburg (Russian: ФК "Зенит" Санкт-Петербург) is a Russian football club from Saint Petersburg. Founded in 1925 (or in 1914 according to some Russian sources), the club plays in the Russian Premier League and currently is the richest in the country, due to the sponsorship of Gazprom.

Zenit are the 2007 champions of the Russian Premier League, the holders of the 2008 UEFA Cup and of the 2008 UEFA Super Cup after beating Manchester United 2-1 in Monaco. Zenit won Russian Cup in 2010. They defeated Sibir in the final with the score 1-0.




Steve Bruce

Steve Bruce (born 31 December 1960) is an English football manager and former player who was most recently the manager of Championship club West Bromwich Albion. He was born in Corbridge, Northumberland. Bruce was best known for playing for Manchester United where he was captain.

Norwich City

Manchester United

Individual

Birmingham City

Hull City

Individual


Stockport County F.C.

Stockport County F.C. is an English football club. They currently play in the Blue Square North, in English football. The club plays their home games at Edgeley Park. At home they play in Blue.


Grand Theft Autumn/Where Is Your Boy

"Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy" (or "Grand Theft Autumn", "Where Is Your Boy?") is the second single by rock band Fall Out Boy. It is from their album "Take This to Your Grave". 


Cornthwaite Rason

Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason (18 June 1858 – 15 March 1927) was the 7th Premier of Western Australia from 25 August 1905 until 7 May 1906.

Henry Daglish

Henry Daglish (18 November 1866 – 16 August 1920) was the 6th Premier of Western Australia from 10 August 1904 to 25 August 1905. He was the first Western Australia Premier from the Labor Party and the first from any organised political party.

Walter James

Sir Walter Hartwell James (29 March 1863 – 3 January 1943) was the 5th Premier of Western Australia from 1 July 1902 to 10 August 1904.

Alf Morgans

Alfred Edward Morgans (17 February 1850 – 10 August 1933) was the 4th Premier of Western Australia from 21 November to 23 December 1901.

George Leake

George Leake (3 December 1856 – 24 June 1902) was the 3rd Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 and then from 23 December 1901 to 24 June 1902.

George Throssell

George Lionel Throssell (23 May 1840 – 30 August 1910) was the 2nd Premier of Western Australia from 15 February 1901 to 27 May 1901.

John Forrest

Sir John Forrest (22 August 1847 – 2 September 1918) was the 1st Premier of Western Australia from 29 December 1890 – 14 February 1901. He helped to make sure that Western Australia joined the federation of Australian states. After federation, he went into federal politics. He served as Minister for Defence, Minister for Home Affairs, Treasurer and acting Prime Minister.

Into the Fire (album)

Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on March 30, 1987 through A&M Records, the album was a huge commercial success selling over 2 million units worldwide, peaking at number 7 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide. It was recorded at Adams' home in London, England.

Six singles were released from the album: "Heat of the Night", "Hearts on Fire", "Victim of Love", "Only the Strong Survive", "Into the Fire" and "Another Day".

On May, 1987 Adams started the "Into the Fire" tour. His first performance was in Shreveport, Louisianna with his backing band. Adams first stop of the UK leg of the tour at the Prince’s Trust charity concert at Wembley Stadium, London. Adams later went back to the United States to continue the American leg of the tour He appeared on The David Letterman Show. Adams sold out two nights in a row at Madison Square Garden in New York City and was visited backstage by Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys. He got a sold-out show in Toronto, Ontario. The tour continued through the Western United States. Adams headed back to the UK on October 13 in Newcastle, England. Adams sold out four nights in a row at Wembley Arena in London. Adams started his tour in mainland Europe and Adams previous album "Reckless" achieved gold status in Sweden and "Into The Fire" achieves gold status in Switzerland and later he traveled to Dublin, Ireland. Adams started the Asian leg of the tour and ended up selling out ten concerts, five of which were in Tokyo's Budokan. "Into the Fire" was certified platinum with sales over 100,000 copies sold in Japan. Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin. The last concert part of the "Into the Fire" tour was in Locarno, Switzerland.


UK Albums Chart

The UK Albums Chart is a list of albums ranked by sales in the United Kingdom. It is formulated by Official Charts Company and a Top 200 published in ChartsPlus (only the Top 100 is counted in data sources).

Attack model

Attack models or attack types specify how much information a cryptanalyst has access to when "breaking" or "cracking" an encrypted message, commonly known as codebreaking or cracking the code. Some common attack models are:

The ciphertext-only attack model is the weakest because it implies that the cryptanalyst has just the encoded message.

Different attack models are used for other cryptographic systems, or more generally for all kind of security systems. Examples for such attack models are:



Cuts Like a Knife

Cuts Like a Knife is the third album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on January, 1983 through A&M Records, the album became a big hit in Canada when it was released. Outside Canada and the United States the album did not sell as well. After the release of Reckless the album would chart on the British album chart and would later be a Silver Record by the BPI. It was made at Little Mountain Sound, in Vancouver, Canada.

Three singles were released from the album: "Straight from the Heart", "Cuts Like a Knife" and "This Time", the three made Adams very popular.


You Want It You Got It

You Want It You Got It is the second album by Bryan Adams, and was released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). The album was to be called "Bryan Adams Hasn't Heard Of You Either" but the record company wanted him to change the title to something safer.

The first single, "Lonely Nights", was a big hit in the US. Two other singles "Coming Home" and "Fits Ya Good" were top 40 hits in Canada.

Many songs from this album were covered by other artists, they are "Lonely Nights" by Uriah Heep, "Jealousy" by Prism, "Tonight" by Randy Meisner and "Fits Ya Good" by Tove Naess and others.

After Dave Taylor listened to this album, he decided to become Bryan Adams' bass player.


Bryan Adams (album)

Bryan Adams is the first album by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams. It was released in February 1980 by A&M Records. "Hidin' From Love" went to #64 on Canada's RPM 100 Singles chart and "Give Me Your Love" went to #91 on the same chart.

In early 1978, Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance made a song-writing duo together. They made the album in 1979 and released it in February 1980.

The first single was "Hidin' from Love" in 1980 (#43 on the Billboard dance charts) the next one was "Give Me Your Love" and then "Remember".


Known-plaintext attack

The known-plaintext attack (KPA) is an attack model for cryptanalysis where the attacker has samples of both the plaintext and its encrypted version (known as ciphertext version) then they can use them to expose further secret information after calculating the secret key. 

Encrypted file archives such as ZIP are very prone to this attack. For example, an attacker with an encrypted ZIP file needs only one unencrypted file from the archive which forms the "known-plaintext". Then using some publicly available software they can instantly calculate the key required to decrypt the entire archive.

Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known-plaintext attack. For example, a Caesar cipher can be solved using a single letter of corresponding plaintext and ciphertext to decrypt entirely. 


18 til I Die

18 til I Die is a rock album by the Canadian singer and songwriter Bryan Adams. It was released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). It is the second album Adams co-produced with Robert Mutt Lange and features a more raw rock style, including some Blues style music.


On a Day Like Today

On a Day Like Today is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).


Room Service (Bryan Adams album)

Room Service is a rock album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bryan Adams released internationally in 2004 and in the U.S. The following year. "Open Road" was the first single taken from the album, followed by "Flying", "Room Service" and, as an American release, "This Side of Paradise". In the summer of 2005, "Open Road" was used the theme song in ESPN's SportsCenter series 50 States in 50 Days.

"East Side Story" was originally going to be released on Chicane's canceled Album "Easy To Assemble" with Bryan Adams on vocals, although with a completely different composition.



11 (Bryan Adams album)

11 is the eleventh studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. It was released on March 7, 2008 through Universal Music Group. The album was a number 1 hit in Canada, Switzerland and India and on number 6 in the UK. It was recorded at The Warehouse Studio, Vancouver, Canada, and additionally at hotel rooms and backstage concerts around Europe.

Three singles have been released from the album: "I Thought I'd Seen Everything", "Tonight We Have the Stars" and "She's Got a Way". The album was also released in the US exclusively through Wal-Mart and Sam's Club retail stores on May 13, 2008. To promote the album, Adams toured around Europe on the "11 Days, 11 Cities" acoustic tour, playing new songs and old classics.

In support of the release of "11", Adams started the ‘11 concerts, 11 cities’ tour, having concerts in 11 different countries in just 11 days. The intimate shows at some spectacular venues will see Adams perform an acoustic set, on stage, with just his guitar and harmonica. The London show was on March 11, 2008 at St. James Church in Piccadilly. The last stop of his 11 days concert tour was in Copenhagen, Denmark on 17 March. After the ‘11 concerts, 11 cities’ Adams went and acoustic tour where he toured with Foreigner and Rod Stewart to support his new album. Zimbio asked Adams: "With the acoustic tour, which of your songs do you feel sound best acoustically?"


Chosen-plaintext attack

A chosen-plaintext attack (CPA) is a model for cryptanalysis which assumes that the attacker can choose random plaintexts to be encrypted and obtain the corresponding ciphertexts. The goal of the attack is to gain some further information which reduces the security of the encryption scheme. In the worst case, a chosen-plaintext attack could expose secret information after calculating the secret key. 

Modern cryptography is implemented in software or hardware and is used for a diverse range of applications; for many applications, a chosen-plaintext attack is often very feasible. Chosen-plaintext attacks become extremely important in the context of public key cryptography, where the encryption key is public and attackers can encrypt any plaintext they choose.

Any cipher that can prevent chosen-plaintext attacks is then also guaranteed to be secure against known-plaintext and ciphertext-only attacks; this is a conservative approach to security.

Two forms of chosen-plaintext attack can be distinguished:



Ciphertext-only attack

In cryptography, a ciphertext-only attack (COA) or known ciphertext attack is an attack model for cryptanalysis where the attacker is assumed to have access only to a set of ciphertexts. 

The attack is completely successful if the corresponding plaintexts can be deduced (extracted) or, even better, the key. The ability to obtain any amount of information from the underlying ciphertext is considered a success. 

Every modern cipher attempts to provide protection against ciphertext-only attacks. The process of selecting a new cipher design standard usually takes many years and includes exhaustive testing of large quantities of ciphertext for any statistical different approach from random noise. On the other hand, poor cipher depends on home-grown proprietary algorithms that have not been subjected to extensive testing and inspection; for this reason, many computer-age encryption systems are still subject to ciphertext-only attack but still in use. Examples include:




Kambly

Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory. It was founded in 1910 by Oscar Kambly. 

He got to know a girl that lived in Trubschachen. It was a real lovestory. When he went at her home he had the idea to make a biscuit after his grandmother's recipe, this was in 1906. In 1910 he could absorb the store of his instructor.

Today, Kambly is Switzerland's largest biscuit producer and leading exporter. 
Kambly is represented in more than 30 different countries. 
It is the most famous and most liked biscuit brand of Switzerland's. 
There are two factories, one in Trubschachen and one in Lyss, both in the canton of Berne. 
Today it's Oscar Kambly the third who administrates the factory, he has done this since 1983. 
Oscar Kambly who founded the factory leaded it from 1910-1953. 
The first factory was only in Trubschachen, but because Kambly bought 
the Arni AG in Lyss in 1999, they now have got another station. 
There are 420 employees. 2007, there was a conversion of 164 million Swiss francs. Kambly got the award "Brand Excellence Swiss Trophy" in 2003. In 2003, 2005,2007 & 2008 the international price "Saveur de l'Année".

There are 2 factory stores. One in Lyss and another one in Trubschachen.
There you can buy the biscuits much cheaper.

The oldest product is the "Bretzeli", that has been produced since 1906 and that was invented by Oscar Kambly the first.
Some other known products are: "Biscuits Butterfly", "Caprice", "Mignon" and the "Petit Beurre".
They also produce salted biscuits. 


Differential cryptanalysis

Differential cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis applicable to block ciphers. It can be applied to stream ciphers and cryptographic hash functions. It is the study of how differences in the input can affect the resultant differences at the output. In the case of a block cipher, it refers to a set of techniques and methods for tracing differences through the network of transformations, discovering where the cipher demonstrates non-random behaviour, and extend such properties to recover the secret key.

Differential cryptanalysis attacks are usually chosen plaintext attacks, meaning that the attacker must be able to obtain encrypted ciphertexts for some set of plaintexts.


Linear cryptanalysis

In cryptography, linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher. Attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers. Linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers; the other being differential cryptanalysis.

A variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested, including using multiple linear approximations or including non-linear expressions. 

Evidence of security against linear cryptanalysis is usually expected of new cipher designs.


Julianne Moore

Julianne Moore (born Julie Anne Smith; December 3, 1960) is an American actress with Scottish origins. She was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina. She has been nominated for four Oscars, six Golden Globes, three BAFTAs and nine Screen Actors Guild Awards.

After studying theatre at Boston University Moore began her acting career in 1983 with minor roles. She then joined the soap opera "As the World Turns". She had several supporting roles in movies. Her performance in "Boogie Nights" (1997) brought her fame.

Her success continued with movies such as "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "The End of the Affair" (1999) and "Magnolia" (1999). She received particular praise for acting as a betrayed wife in "Far from Heaven" (2002). This won several awards. The same year, she was also nominated for several awards for her work in "The Hours". The critics have liked her for her recent performances in "The Kids Are All Right" and portraying Sarah Palin in "Game Change".

She won an Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in Still Alice (2014).

Moore was born to an American father and a Scottish mother.

Moore was married to John Gould Rubin from 1986 until they divorced in 1995.

Since August 23, 2003 she has been married to Bart Freundlich. They have a son, Caleb Moore Freundlich (born on December 4, 1997) and a daughter, Liv Helen Moore Freundlich (born on April 11, 2002).

Her mother had emigrated from Scotland. Her father was a military in the US Army.

Tropical Storm Cristobal (2008)

Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. It began on July 19 as a weather system away from the Southeast U.S. Coast. It became a tropical storm later that day. Cristobal stayed away from land, and reached its highest strength as a strong tropical storm on July 21. It moved to the northeast next to the U.S. East Coast and died out on July 23 near Nova Scotia. Because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land, Cristobal's damages were mostly moderate rainfall. The storm dropped 3.43 in (87 mm) of rain in Wilmington, North Carolina, where minor flooding happened. Also, the remnants helped produce rainfall on Nova Scotia, which caused some flooding on roads and in basements.

On July 14, 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida, causing thunderstorms. A weak low pressure area formed on July 15 near Tallahassee, which moved towards the southeast into the Gulf of Mexico. Late on July 16, it moved onto land near Tampa, and strengthening was not expected. However, late on July 17, thunderstorms became stronger around the low pressure area, and the system started to get better organized. Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that a tropical depression was forming. At 11 p.m. EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) to the southeast of Charleston, South Carolina.
It was located between an area of high pressure to its southeast and another one to the northwest, the depression moved slowly towards the northeast. It became a weak tropical storm during the early afternoon of July 19. In the beginning, the storm was not strong, with few strong thunderstorms. Dry air in the middle- to-upper-levels of the atmosphere caused the storm to not strengthen. However, late on July 20 thunderstorms became more active. Cristobal stayed as a weak tropical storm during the time that it moved close to the South Carolina and North Carolina coast, and the storm never moved onto land. It reached its highest intensity as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras, and stayed the same over the warm Gulf Stream. The storm started to enter cooler waters, and the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22. In the afternoon of July 22, Cristobal began to weaken while to the south of Nova Scotia. The storm's cloud pattern became weak, and on July 23, it became an extratropical cyclone, and was no longer a tropical storm. The National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system at 5:00 am EDT (0900 UTC) on July 23.

Before the storm, the National Hurricane Center started a tropical storm warning from Cape Lookout, North Carolina to the Virginia–North Carolina border. Before Cristobal formed, it produced light rain in Florida. At Lake Wales, about 6 inches (150 mm) of rainfell, mostly in a two-hour period. The rain clogged storm drains, which caused light flooding. The rain caused no serious problems, and helped get rid of dry conditions. The storm dropped in Wilmington, North Carolina. Minor flooding happened there. Because most of the storm stayed out to sea, winds along the coast were light. On the coast, storm surge reached above normal. Winds that were of tropical storm-strength were reported offshore. No severe damage was reported.

Cristobal helped produce heavy rain and flooding in Atlantic Canada. At Baccaro Point on the southern tip of Nova Scotia, 224 mm (8.8 in) of rain fell. There was flooding to basements and streets in Cape Sable. A sailor from Connecticut was rescued to the southeast of Halifax by a Canadian helicopter, because his ship capsized in the strong waves.



Rijndael key schedule

The Rijndael key schedule (Advanced Encryption Standard) uses a key schedule to expand a short key into a number of separate round keys.

The three AES variants have different numbers of rounds. Each round has 16 bits in it. Each variant requires a separate 128-bit round key for each round plus one more. The key schedule produces the needed round keys from the initial key. This initial key has only one 8-bit-(1-byte) long array (string of data arranged in a certain order). 

One step rotates (shifts) the 32 bits (4 bytes) of a certain word by a fixed amount. For example, rotating by 8 bits (1 byte) shifts each byte one place to the left, and the starting byte goes at the end. Another step arranges each byte in a 16-byte rectangular array and shifts it according to its size. For example, the first byte is unchanged, the second shifted 1 byte to the left, the third 2 bytes to the left and the fourth 3 bytes to the left. It continues until the end of the array. 

Gorillaz

Gorillaz are an animated British rock band. The band was invented by Damon Albarn, a member of the band Blur, and Jamie Hewlett, who has worked on the comic book series "Tank Girl". Even though the band members are fictional, they have released a large amount of albums and music videos. The band's animated members are 2-D, Noodle, Russell Hobbs, and Murdoc Niccals.

The band's genre is mostly a combination of alternative rock, alternative hip hop, and electronica. It also has elements of experimental, trip hop, dub, and psychedelic rock.

Since they are an animated group, they cannot perform live, like other bands can. At Gorillaz concerts, the real members of the band stand behind screens which show computer-generated images of the animated group performing.

Despite the animated performances, the actual band members did go on tour as the Gorillaz (which the animated band referred to as "that Gorillaz tribute band"), playing at various venues across the states, headlining at Coachella. The live Gorillaz band played at the 2010 Glastonbury Festival, performing in place of u2 due to Bono's emergency back surgery. Nevertheless, they were a hit with the crowd.



Pantanal

The Pantanal is the world's largest wetland or swamp.

It covers a region of 140,000 km, larger than the area covered by the country Greece.

The Pantanal is in South America and shared by Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay.

There are many threats to the Pantanal such as pollution, mercury from gold mining and ranching. Although the Pantanal can wash some of the chemicals away, the increased amount is becoming a concern.

In winter nearly 80% of the area is flooded.

Balliol College, Oxford

Balliol College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford in England. It was founded in 1263 by John Balliol, father of King John Balliol of Scotland. 

Usually, the undergraduate students are among the most politically active students in the university. The college's alumni include Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and several former prime ministers. Adam Smith, a graduate student of the college, is one of its best known students. In 2006, 45.1% of finalists got First Class Honours degrees. This is a higher percentage than any other Oxford college has ever had. The college was placed second in the Norrington Table.


Erich Mende

Erich Mende (28 October 1916 - 6 May 1998 in Bonn) was a German jurist and politician for the Christian-Democratic Union of Germany and the Free Democratic Party of Germany.

Mende was born in Groß Strehlitz, near Oppolne.
1936 he made his abitur. Afterwards he had to do his working service for the state and then his military service.
Up from 1938 he was an officer. At the end of World War II he was major.
After he was set free as prisoner of war, his hometown was made Polish. He found a new home in the Ruhr area. Then he studied laws in Cologne and Bonn.
In 1949 he finished his doctorade thesis.

In 1946 he joined the FDP.
He was Secretary for Intra-German Relations (Bundesminister für gesamtdeutsche Fragen) from 1963 to 1966.
In the same time he was Vice Chancellor of West Germany.

Petra Kelly

Petra Karin Kelly (November 23, 1947 – October 1, 1992) was a German politician, peace activist and one of the founders of the Green Party of Germany.

Kelly was born in Günzburg. Her stepfather was a US officer. Her original father and her mother were German.
Her family moved to the US in 1959.
She went to school in both countries.
From 1966 to 1970 he studied political sciences in Washington, D.C..
Kelly campaigned for Robert F. Kennedy in the 1968 U.S. elections.
She admired Martin Luther King and was an anti-Vietnam War protester.
She graduated in 1970 in Washington and got another exam in 1971 in Amsterdam.
Then she returned to West Germany.
She worked for the European Commission in Brussels from 1971 to 1983.

She was one of the founders of the Green Party in Germany in 1979 – the first Green Party worldwide. 
From 1983 to 1990 she was a member of the Bundestag for the Greens.
Kelly received the Right Livelihood Award in 1982.

Petra Kelly, who was seriously ill, died in Bonn in 1992, aged 44. She had been shot by her partner, politician and former general Bert Bastian, who committed suicide afterwards.


Along the River During Qingming Festival

Along the River During Qingming Festival is a well known panoramic Chinese painting by artist Zhang Zeduan (1085-1145). It was painted during the Song Dynasty. The painting is among the most famous of all Chinese paintings. It is kept at the Forbidden City, also known as the "Palace Museum" in Beijing.

Kaiserswerth

Kaiserswerth is a settlement with a more than 1,000-year history.
It is one of the oldest parts of Düsseldorf.

It is in the north of Düsseldorf, next to the river Rhine. Kaiserswerth has 7,712 inhabitants and an area of 4.71 km².

About the year 700 the monk St. Suitbert founded a Benedictine-abbey there.
It was destroyed 88 years later.

The Kaiserpfalz (temporary seat of the Holy Roman Emperor) was built in 1045.

In 1062 the young German King Heinrich IV (still a child) was kidnapped by the archbishop of Cologne.

In 1174 Friederick I Barbarossa moved the Rhine customs collection to Kaiserswerth. So the bishop took over control over the whole empire.

Following emperors used Kaiserswerth as temporary seat like as prison for high-range prisoners.

Between 1212 and 1215 the Count of Berg tried to get out prisoners and made the ground around the Castle dry.

In 1273 the Emperor pledged Kaiserswerth to the archbishop of Cologne.

In 1689 Kaiserswerth was particularly destroyed by France during the War of the Palatine Succession. During the Spanish war of succession the Bishop of Cologne stayed with France.

Kaiserswerth got a French garrison. In 1702 the city was therefore besieged by the Grand Alliance. After that war the castle was mostly destroyed.

In the 19th century Kaiserswerth was famous by its deaconess clinic. Florence Nightingale visited in 1850 and learned from Pastor Theodor Fliedner and the deaconesses working there for the sick and the deprived. Nightingale published "The Institution of Kaiserswerth on the Rhine, for the Practical Training of Deaconesses, etc." in 1851 - her first publication.

Kaiserswerth became a part of Düsseldorf in 1929.


Vichy

Vichy () is a "commune" in central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, along the Allier river. It is the "commune" in the department with second largest population after Montluçon. It is in the historic province of "Bourbonnais".

Vichy has lots of Spas and resorts. This site was inhabited before the Roman conquest of Gaul.

In 1861, Napoleon III visited Vichy several times.

During World War II, it was the capital city of Vichy France.

The "commune" of Vichy is on the southern part of the Allier department. The city is on the right side of the Allier river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Vichy to other cities are:

Vichy is surrounded by the "communes" Creuzier-le-Vieux, Cusset, Le Vernet, Abrest, Bellerive-sur-Allier and Charmeil.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Vichy is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Vichy are known, in French, as "Vichyssois" (women: "Vichyssoises").

With a population of 25,279, Vichy is the second largest city of the Allier department. It has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Vichy

Vichy is a subprefecture of the Allier department since 1941; before that year, the subprefecture was in Lapalisse. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Vichy and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Vichy Communauté".

Vichy is twinned with:



Indochina

Indochina, or the Indochinese Peninsula, is a region in Southeast Asia. 

The region lies roughly east of India, south of China. 
Indochina comprises the territory of the following countries:

Those countries have been known as Indochina since they were French Indochina.

Often also included in the scope of the term are:

Wadi Halfa

Wadi Halfa is a small city in the northern part of Sudan by Lake Nubia (the Sudanese section of Lake Nasser).

It has 6 neighborhoods with inhabitants of 18,000 people. There is a highway under construction which will connect it with Aswan in Egypt and via Dongola with Khartoum. 

Wadi Halfa is now one of fastest growing cities in Sudan.

in 1964 when the Aswan Dam was built, the old city of Wadi Halfa was flooded and Nubians were forced to relocate in New Halfa. Now there is a huge number of Nubians are immigrating back to their mother land.

Wadi Halfa is a home of Geology and earth science college with student body of more than 500 students.

Mechanical energy

In physics, mechanical energy describes the potential energy and kinetic energy present in the components of a mechanical system.

When a given amount of mechanical energy is transferred (such as when throwing a ball, lifting a box, crushing a soda can, or stirring a beverage) it is said that this amount of mechanical work has been done. Both mechanical energy and mechanical work are measured in the same units as energy in general. It is usually said that a component of a system has a certain amount of "mechanical energy" (i.e. it is a state function), whereas "mechanical work" describes the amount of mechanical energy a component has gained or lost.

The conservation of mechanical energy is a principle that states that under certain conditions, the total mechanical energy of a system is constant. This rule does not hold when mechanical energy is converted to other forms, such as chemical, nuclear, or electromagnetic. However, the principle of general conservation of energy is so far an unbroken rule of physics - as far as we know, energy cannot be created or destroyed, only changed in form.

Vitiligo

Vitiligo is a skin disease that causes the skin to lose its color. It occurs when the melanocytes, cells that give skin their color, die or do not work. This is a problem because these cells protect against the light from the sun.

The exact cause of vitiligo is complex and not fully understood. It may be caused by the immune system, genetic, and environmental factors. 
Vitiligo may also be caused by stress that affects the immune system, leading the body to react and start eliminating skin pigment.

People over 20 years old rarely develop this disease. These patches often occur to both sides symmetrically and may change shape.


This disease can also affect the mental state of the patient.

As of 2020, doctors do not understand what causes the disease, so right now, it can not be cured. Some things can be done to fight its effects, though. Makeup or cosmetics can cover up the parts of the skin with vitiligo. Also, staying out of the sun to prevent tanning is good. But the treatment given by most skin doctors is cortico steroid cream.
Breakthrough discovery in 2004 allowed for the transplant of melanocytes to vitiligo affected areas, repigmenting the region.



Virtue

Virtue (Latin "virtus"; Greek ἀρετή) is a kind of behaviour which is thought to be good. The adjective is "virtuous". Someone who lives a virtuous life is someone who leads a good moral life, doing things that society thinks are good. The opposite of virtue is vice. 

Philosophers throughout the ages have written their ideas about what they think virtue is. The Ancient Greek philosophers from Plato onwards said that virtue consisted of four things: Justice, Courage, Wisdom, and Moderation. In the Christian religion the three virtues were Faith, Hope and Charity. These are mentioned in the Bible in the First Epistle to the Corinthians chapter 13 verse 13. These virtues are also very important in the Judaic and Muslim traditions.


Greyhound Lines

Greyhound Lines (commonly called "Greyhound") is a company in the United States that runs bus services between cities. It was founded in 1914. Its parent company is on the London Stock Exchange. The buses use air brakes and hold over 200 gallons of diesel.

Twofish

In cryptography, Twofish is a symmetric key block cipher with a block size of 128 bits and key lengths up to 256 bits. 

In 1997, the NIST announced for competition to choose a successor to DES to be known as AES, Twofish was one of the "five finalists" of the Advanced Encryption Standard competition, but was not selected as a standard. 

Twofish is related to the earlier block cipher Blowfish. Twofish's main features are the use of pre-computed key-dependent S-boxes, and a relatively complex key schedule. One half of an n-bit key is used as the actual encryption key and the other half of the n-bit key is used to modify the encryption algorithm (key-dependent S-boxes). Twofish uses some elements from other designs; for example, the pseudo-Hadamard transform (PHT) from the SAFER family of ciphers. Twofish uses the same Feistel structure as the DES.

On most software platforms Twofish is slightly slower than Rijndael (the chosen algorithm for Advanced Encryption Standard) for 128-bit keys, but somewhat faster for 256-bit keys.

Twofish was designed by Bruce Schneier, John Kelsey, Doug Whiting, David Wagner, Chris Hall, and Niels Ferguson; the "extended Twofish team" who met to made further cryptanalysis of Twofish and other AES competitors included Stefan Lucks, Tadayoshi Kohno, and Mike Stay.

Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever. The Twofish cipher has not been patented and the software example of its specification has been placed in the public domain. However, Twofish is not widely used like the Blowfish, which has been available for a longer period of time.

As of 2008, the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16-round version. The paper claims that the probability of truncated differentials attacks is 2 per block and that it will take about 2 chosen plaintexts (32 PiB worth of data) to find a good pair of truncated differentials.

Bruce Schneier responds in a 2005 blog entry that this paper does not present a full cryptanalytic attack, but only some hypothesized differential characteristics: "But even from a theoretical perspective, Twofish is not even remotely broken. There have been no extensions to these results since they were published" in 2000.




Truncated differential cryptanalysis

In cryptography, truncated differential cryptanalysis is a generalization of differential cryptanalysis, an attack model against block ciphers. In 1994 Lars Knudsen designed the technique, during this period ordinary differential cryptanalysis analyzes the full difference between two texts, the truncated version considers differences that are only determined to some extent. It has been applied to SAFER, IDEA, Skipjack, E2, Twofish, Camellia, CRYPTON, and the stream cipher Salsa20 as well.


Fatimid Caliphate

The Fatimid Caliphate was ruled by the al-Fātimiyyūn () dynasty from 5 January 909 to 1171. It was an Arab Shi'a dynasty It ruled the fourth and final Arab caliphate. In different times different areas of the Maghreb, Egypt, and the Levant belonged to the caliphate.

The Egyptian city of Cairo was made the capital. The term "Fatimite" is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate as well. The ruling elite belonged to the Ismaili branch of Shi'ism. The leaders were also Shia Ismaili Imams. They had a religious significance to Ismaili Muslims. They are also part of the chain of holders of the office of Caliph, as recognized by most Muslims, the only period in which the Shia Imamate and the Caliphate were united to any degree. There was only one other exception: the Caliphate of Ali himself.

The Fatimids were famous for religious tolerance towards non-Ismaili sects of Islam as well as towards Jews, Maltese Christians and Coptic Christians, but there were some exceptions nevertheless.

The Fatimids came from Ifriqiya, modern-day Tunisia and eastern Algeria. The dynasty was founded in 909 by , who legitimised his claim through descent from Muhammad by way of his daughter Fātima as-Zahra and her husband , the first Imām, hence the name "al-Fātimiyyūn" "Fatimid".

Abdullāh al-Mahdi's control soon extended over all of central Maghreb, an area consisting of the modern countries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya, which he ruled from Mahdia, his newly-built capital in Tunisia.

In the 1040s, the Zirids (governors of North Africa under the Fatimids) declared their independence from the Fatimids and their conversion to Sunni Islam, which led to the devastating Banū Hilal invasions. After about 1070, the Fatimid hold on the Levant coast and parts of Syria was challenged first by Turkic (Seljuk) invasions, then the Crusades, so that Fatimid territory shrank until it consisted only of Egypt.

After the decay of the Fatimid political system in the 1160s, the Zengid ruler Nūr ad-Dīn had his general, Shirkuh, seize Egypt from the vizier Shawar in 1169. Shirkuh died two months after taking power, and the rule went to his nephew, Saladin. This began the Kurdish Ayyubid Dynasty.



Maghreb

The Maghreb ( ) is the western part of the Arab world. It is in North Africa. The term is generally applied to all of Mauritania, Western Sahara, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya, but in older Arabic usage meant only the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the Atlas Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea (Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia). Historically, some writers also included Muslim ruled regions in Spain, Portugal, Sicily and Malta in the definition. Malta, in particular, still speaks a language based on its own Maghrebi Arabic variety: Maltese. 


Plaintext

In cryptography, plaintext is the information which the sender wants to transmit to the receiver(s). 

Before computers, plaintext meant text in the language of the communicating parties. Since computers, the definition has been expanded. It now includes not only the electronic representation of text, such as emails and word processor documents, but also the computer representation of speech, music, pictures, videos, ATM and credit card transactions, sensor data, and so forth. That is basically any information which the communicating parties might wish to hide from others. The plaintext is the normal representation of the data before any action has been taken to hide it.

The plaintext is used as input to an encryption algorithm; the output is termed ciphertext. Some systems, however, use a cascade of layers of encryption (called 'rounds') in which case the ciphertext output of one encryption algorithm becomes the plaintext input to the next. Triple DES is an example.


Ciphertext

In cryptography, ciphertext (or cyphertext) refers to the output of the encryption process. Plaintext is turned into ciphertext using an algorithm (cipher). This makes it unreadable to anyone except those who own unique information about it, usually referred to as a key. 

Decryption is the reverse process of encryption. It takes the unreadable ciphertext as an input and makes it readable again in the form of plaintext.

Azad Kashmir Day

Azad Kashmir Day celebrates the 67th day of the Azad Jammu Kashmir government, created on 24 October 1947. However, most people celebrate it on 26 October as they class it as a lucky day once all the papers were signed and settled.

Stream cipher

In cryptography, a stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext bits are combined with a pseudorandom cipher bit stream (keystream) using an exclusive-or (xor) operation. In a stream cipher the Plaintext digits are encrypted one at a time, and the transformation of successive digits varies during the encryption state. An alternative name is a state cipher, as the encryption of each digit is dependent on the current state. In practice, the digits are typically single bits or bytes.

Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers. Block ciphers operate on large blocks of fixed length. Stream ciphers typically execute at a higher speed than block ciphers and have lower hardware requirements. However, stream ciphers can have serious security problems if used incorrectly; in particular, the same starting state must never be used twice.

A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient cryptographic key, for example 128 bits keys. Based on this key, it generates a pseudorandom keystream which can be combined with the plaintext digits in a similar way to the one-time pad encryption algorithm. However, because the keystream is pseudorandom, and not truly random, the security associated with the one-time pad cannot be applied and it is quite possible for a stream cipher to be completely insecure.

A stream cipher generates successive elements of the keystream based on an internal state. This state is updated in two ways: 

In a synchronous stream cipher a stream of pseudo-random digits is generated independently of the plaintext and ciphertext messages, and then combined with the plaintext (to encrypt) or with the ciphertext (to decrypt). In the most common form, binary digits(bits) are used, and the keystream is combined with the plaintext using the exclusive or operation (XOR). This is termed a binary additive stream cipher.

In a synchronous stream cipher, the sender and receiver must be synchronous for decryption to be successful. If digits are added or removed from the message during transmission, synchronisation is lost. To restore synchronisation, various offsets can be tried systematically to obtain the correct decryption. Another approach is to mark the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output.

If, however, a digit is corrupted in transmission, rather than added or lost, only a single digit in the plaintext is affected and the error does not spread to other parts of the message. This property is useful when the transmission error rate is high; however, it makes it less likely that the error would be detected without further mechanisms. Moreover, because of this property, synchronous stream ciphers are very susceptible to active attacks — if an attacker can change a digit in the ciphertext, he might be able to make predictable changes to the corresponding plaintext bit; for example, flipping a bit in the ciphertext causes the same bit to be flipped(Toggled) in the plaintext.

Self-synchronizing stream ciphers is another technique that uses part of the previous "N" ciphertext digits to compute the keystream. Such schemes are known also as asynchronous stream ciphers or ciphertext autokey (CTAK). The idea of self-synchronization was patented in 1946, and has the advantage that the receiver will automatically synchronise with the keystream generator after receiving "N" ciphertext digits, making it easier to recover if digits are dropped or added to the message stream. Single-digit errors are limited in their effect, affecting only up to "N" plaintext digits. It is somewhat more difficult to perform active attacks on self-synchronising stream ciphers rather than synchronous counterparts.

An example of a self-synchronising stream cipher is a block cipher in cipher-feedback mode (CFB).

Binary stream ciphers are often constructed using linear feedback shift registers (LFSRs) because they can be easily implemented in hardware and can be quickly analysed mathematically. However, the use of LFSRs only is insufficient to provide good security. Various schemes have been designed to increase the security of LFSRs. 

Because LFSRs are inherently linear, one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of a group of parallel LFSRs into a non-linear Boolean function to form a "combination generator". Various properties of such a "combining function" are important for ensuring the security of the resultant scheme, for example, in order to avoid correlation attacks. 

Normally LFSRs are stepped regularly. One technique to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly, controlled by the output of a second LFSR. Such generators include the stop-and-go generator, the alternating step generator and the shrinking generator.

The stop-and-go generator (Beth and Piper, 1984) consists of two LFSRs. One LFSR is clocked if the output of a second is a "1", otherwise it repeats its previous output. This output is then (in some versions) combined with the output of a third LFSR clocked at a regular rate.

The shrinking generator uses a different technique. Two LFSRs are used, both clocked regularly in the following way:

This technique suffers from timing attacks on the second generator, since the speed of the output is variable in a manner that depends on the second generator's state. This can be improved by buffering the output. 

Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear "filtering function".

Instead of a linear driving device, one may use a nonlinear update function. For example, Klimov and Shamir proposed triangular functions (T-Functions) with a single cycle on n bit words.

To be secure, the period of the keystream (the number of digits output before the stream repeats itself) needs to be large enough. If the sequence repeats, then the overlapping ciphertexts can be aligned against each other ""in depth"", and there are techniques which allow extraction of the plaintext form ciphertexts generated using these methods. 

Stream ciphers are often used in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable length as in secure wireless connections. If a block cipher were to be used in this type of application, the designer would need to choose either transmission efficiency or implementation complexity, since block ciphers cannot directly work on blocks shorter than their block size. For example, if a 128-bit block cipher received separate 32-bit bursts of plaintext, three quarters of the transmitted data need padding. Block ciphers must be used in ciphertext stealing or residual block termination mode to avoid padding, while stream ciphers eliminate this issue by operating on the smallest transmitted unit (usually bytes).

Another advantage of stream ciphers in military cryptography is that the cipher stream can be generated by an encryption device that is subject to strict security measures then fed to other devices, e.g. a radio set, which will perform the xor operation as part of their function. The other device can be designed for used in less securely environments.

RC4 is the most widely used stream cipher in software; others include: 
A5/1,
A5/2,
Chameleon, 
FISH, 
Helix,
ISAAC, 
MUGI,
Panama,
Phelix, 
Pike,
SEAL, 
SOBER,
SOBER-128 and
WAKE.




Nyon

Nyon is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is found 25 kilometers north of Geneva, and is part of the Geneva metropolitan area. The town has (as of 2006) 17,267 people.

Nyon was built by the Romans between 50 BCE and 44 BCE, and was called "Colonia Iulia Equestris" or "Colonia Equestris Noiodunum". It grew to be one of the most important Roman colonies in modern-day Switzerland, with a forum, a basilica and an amphitheater that was discovered in 1996.

Today, Nyon has a high school (Gymnase de Nyon), a hospital, a movie theatre, hotels, restaurants, cafes and a popular tourist attraction - the castle. 
In the last week of July each year, Nyon hosts the Paléo Festival - a huge music festival.


Letterkenny

Letterkenny () is a town in County Donegal of the Ireland. It is on the River Swilly and has a population of 17,586.

In 1824, when the first description of Letterkenny as a modern town was written, it was stated that: ""Within half a mile is the Port of Ballyraine, whither vessels of 100 tons bring iron, salt and colonial produce and whence they export hides and butter"". Nothing is left of the port now except the warehouses.

Letterkenny achieved town status in the early 1920s following the partition of Ireland. 

Thalwil

Thalwil is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.

Early Middle Ages Thalwil was Alemannic farmland.

Thalwil was originally four "Wachten", or hamlets:

In the Middle Ages, most income was made in farming, vineyards and a small amount of fishing on the lake. 
Thalwil also has the oldest wood corporation in the Canton of Zurich, the "Bannegg-Waldung". It was first mentioned in 1483.

Today, the economy of Thalwil is mostly some small and medium-sized businesses, and a wide range of shops. Most of the shops are located around Gotthardstrasse- the town centre.

The main source of Thalwil's wealth lies with its 7,000 commuters. These people live in Thalwil, but work in Zurich city. Today, Thalwil has left most of its farming past behind in exchange for a town of commuters, with its public transportation links, low tax and good quality of life.


Hearth

A hearth (har-th) is a brick or stone lined fireplace or oven that is used for cooking and heating. Historically, the hearth was the center of the home, as it provided heat for the house. Its Latin name is "focus". That is why "focus" is used for many kinds of central point.

In more modern times, the hearth may be section of the fireplace that can be seen. This often includes tiles around the base of the fireplace and the floor.

Jack-o'-lantern

A Jack-o'-lantern is a carved pumpkin, turnip, beet, or potato. In the 19th and 20th centuries people in Scotland and Ireland carved Halloween lanterns from large yellow turnips. This custom has become less prevalent in recent years as supermarkets have begun selling the larger and easier-to-carve American pumpkins. 

In Irish lore, the Jack-o'-lantern is from the story of Stingy Jack. Jack was a clever man who cheated the devil several times. Once when Jack was leaving hell, the devil threw him a glowing coal to light his way. Jack put the coal in a hollowed-out turnip to make the first "Jack-o'-lantern". Lore says Jack can still be seen wandering the world with his turnip lantern, especially around All Saints Day, November 1.

In the United States, the carved pumpkin was first associated with the harvest season in general, long before it became an emblem of Halloween. In 1900, an article on Thanksgiving entertaining recommended a lit Jack-o'-lantern as part of the festivities.

To make a Jack-o'-lantern, the top of the pumpkin surrounding the stump of the vine is cut off. This top will be used as a "lid" when the Jack-o'-lantern is completed. The seeds and pulp inside the pumpkin are scooped out using a spoon or one's hands. The seeds may be roasted in a hot oven, and then salted to make a snack.

Once the inside of the pumpkin is clean, a face is carved into one side of the pumpkin. The eyes and nose are usually triangles. The mouth is usually filled with jagged teeth. A candle, devotional candle in a candle-holder, or a flashlight is put inside the Jack-o'-lantern and lit. The "lid" is replaced. The lid may be placed slightly askew to keep the candle alit. 

In the United States, a completely carved and lit Jack-o'-lantern is put on the porch, the porch steps, or in a window to welcome trick-or-treaters on Halloween. Once the pumpkin is carved, it is good for nothing else and lasts only a day or two before it starts to rot. Pumpkins used to make Jack-o'-lanterns are inedible. In the United States, mischief-makers steal the Jack-o'-lanterns of their neighbors. The pumpkins are smashed in the street, dropped from a bridge, or otherwise destroyed.

 

Lakes of Titan

The lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are made of liquid methane. The lakes were found by the "Cassini-Huygens" space probe. The larger lakes are known as maria (seas) and the smaller ones as lacūs (lakes).

It was possible that there were seas of liquid methane on Titan and first suggested after reading Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 information that showed Titan to have a thick atmosphere, capable of supporting lakes, but exact evidence was not found until 1995 when pictures from the Hubble telescope and other telescopes had already shown some proof of liquid methane possibly in lakes or planet-wide oceans, similar to oceans on Earth.

The "Cassini" mission proved there are liquid lakes on Titan, but not at first. When the probe arrived in the Saturnian system in 2004, scientists hoped that hydrocarbon lakes or oceans might be seen in reflected sunlight from the surface, but no reflections were found.

Scientists still believed that liquid ethane and methane would be found near Titan's poles, where they expected to find lots of liquid. At Titan's south pole, a large dark area named Ontario Lacus was the first lake identified, possibly created by rain as clouds are often seen in the area. A possible shoreline was also identified at the pole in radar images. As the Huygens-Cassini probe flew by on July 22, 2006, its radar took pictures of the northern part of the planet (which was in its winter), a number of large, smooth areas were found on the surface near the northern pole. Based on this data, scientists announced "definitive evidence of lakes filled with methane on Saturn's moon Titan" in January 2007. The "Cassini–Huygens" team decided that the smooth areas are the hydrocarbon lakes they had been searching for, the first lakes found off Earth. Some valleys appear to have rivers.

The satellite was not able to show pictures of lakes moving in the wind. The heavy moisture and clouds of methane near Titan’s surface could be a sign of evaporation from lakes. The lakes cover 0.002–0.02% of Titan's surface.
The "Cassini-Huygens" probe flew by in February, 2007, taking radar and camera pictures of some large areas near the north pole that may be large areas of liquid methane and/or ethane, including one sea larger than 100,000 km² (larger than Lake Superior), and another area similar in size to the Caspian Sea. Pictures taken near Titan's southern pole in October 2007 showed similar, but far smaller, areas that look like lakes.
The Cassini-Huygens probe, flew very close to Titan in December 2007, and took infrared pictures of the chemicals on the surface and found a lake called Ontario Lacus near the south pole. Scientists studying the infrared pictures decided that one or more of the large lakes in the pictures of Saturn's moon Titan does hold liquid and that the liquid is made of hydrocarbons. They have also found ethane on Titan. This mission proves Titan to be the only other planet known to have liquid on its surface. The lakes make Titan a very important planet for studying weather science. Liquids, gases and temperatures are at play on Titan. This should help the science of weather forecasting.

Lakes were not found near near Titan's center of Titan which was studied on January 14, 2005. A part of the Huygens-Cassini probe landed there. The pictures taken by the probe as it fell showed no open areas of liquid, but showed rivers that had dried. It was at first thought that dark areas near the center of Titan could be a lake of a liquid or tar-like substance, but the probe landed on the dark area, and it is solid without any liquid. A device known as a penetrometer studied the surface as the probe landed and seemed to find wet clay. Scientists believe that the penetrometer may have landed on a large pebble, and they say that the surface is similar to sand made of ice. Pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles. The pebbles may be made of water ice and are partly rounded, which indicates fluids.

On February 13, 2008, scientists said that Titans polar lakes contain "hundreds of times more natural gas and other hydrocarbons than all the known natural gas on Earth." The desert near the center of the planet are not liquid but do have more organics than Earth. In June 2008, "Cassini"'s Visible and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer confirmed the presence of liquid ethane beyond doubt in a lake in Titan's southern hemisphere.

Predictions of Titan's clouds are that during in a Saturnian year, liquid moves from the equator to the poles, in clouds, and falls as rain.

Titanian "maria" (large hydrocarbon seas) are named after sea monsters of Earth.

Areas named "Lacus" are believed to be methane lakes. They are named after lakes on Earth.


West Coast blues

The West Coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues, with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos, which originated from Texas blues musicians that moved to California in the 1940s. West Coast blues also uses smooth, honey-toned vocals, often sounding similar to urban blues.
Texas and the West Coast

The best known West Coast blues musicians may be guitarist T-Bone Walker, famous for the song "Call It Stormy Monday (But Tuesday Is Just As Bad)", originally from Texas, he had made his first recordings in the late 1920s. During the early 1940's Walker moved to Los Angeles, where he recorded a lot of music for Capital, Black & White, and Imperial. Walker an electric guitar sound to the blues, prossibly doing more to make the use of electric guitar popular in blues than anyone else. Much of his material had a jazzy jump blues feel, which is typical of popular blues from California in the 1940s and 1950s. Other Texas bluesmen followed: Pianist/songwriter Amos Milburn, singer Percy Mayfield, famous for the song "Hit the Road Jack", and Charles Brown moved to Los Angeles. Guitarist Pee Wee Crayton divided his time between Los Angeles and San Francisco, while Lowell Fulson, from Texas by way of Oklahoma, moved to Oakland.
After the efforts of Tom Mazzolini, producer of the San Francisco Blues Festival, started in 1974, and the efforts of recording companies like Arhoolie and HighTone, the West Coast is one of the most important blues areas in the country.


Third person

Third person (or third-person) may refer to:



Frederick Pottinger

Sir Frederick William Pottinger, 2nd Baronet (1831–1865), police inspector, was born on April 27, 1831, in India. He became famous for leading the New South Wales police in their hunt for the bushrangers Ben Hall, John Gilbert, Frank Gardiner and John Dunn.

He was the son of Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Pottinger of the British East India Company, and his wife Susanna Maria, née Cooke, of Dublin. Henry Pottinger was the first Governor of Hong Kong. Frederick went to Eton from 1844 to 1847. Between 1850 and 1854, Pottinger was an officer in the Grenadier Guards in England. He lost a lot of his mother's money gambling on horse races. In 1856 he took the place of his father as second baronet. He soon gambled away all his money. He owed people a lot of money.

He went to Australia to search for gold. He joined the New South Wales police force as a mounted trooper. He was an excellent horse rider and spent the next few years working on the gold escort between Gundagai and Goulburn.

Pottinger kept his title secret but in 1860 the inspector-general of police, John McLerie, found out. He was quickly given better jobs. In November he became clerk of petty sessions at Dubbo and on October 1, 1861, assistant superintendent of the Southern Mounted Police Patrol. He wanted to do a good job in the police, but he got into a drunken brawl at Young on 20–21 December 1861. He was a publicly warned about his bad behaviour. He was sent to the Lachlan River area. He showed he was a busy but unlucky hunter of bushrangers.

In 1862 Pottinger was made an inspector of police for the Western District of New South Wales. In April 1862 he arrested Ben Hall at Forbes on a charge of robbery. Hall he was released because there was not enough evidence to prove he was a robber. Soon afterward Hall joined Frank Gardiner's gang. On June 15, 1862, they robbed the Lachlan gold escort of some £14,000 at Eugowra. This was Australia's biggest gold robbery. Pottinger was able to capture two of the bushrangers quickly. They escaped several days later in a gun battle. Pottinger got back some of the stolen gold.

People thought Pottinger made a lot of mistakes. He was in trouble for not having enough police guards on the gold escort and letting his prisoners escape. On the night of August 9, Pottinger and a group of police surrounded the house of Gardiner's mistress, Kate Brown. The bushranger escaped when Pottinger's pistol fired accidentally. They arrested a young boy who they thought was a friend of the bushrangers. When he died from a fever in gaol in March 1863, this was seen to be caused by Pottinger's cruelty. In February 1862 Pottinger was in court at Yass for assault. During a game of billiards he had been called a cheat, a liar and a scoundrel. He hit the person with the billiard cue and smashed his head through a window. On September 27, 1862, Pottinger had appeared before a Bathurst court on a charge of assault. In February 1863 Pottinger went to Sydney for the trial of the escort robbers. He was pushed in the street by people in the crowd. He also threatened a Member of Parliament, J. J. Harpur, with his whip. He didn't like things that Harpur had said about him.

The bushrangers in his area became more active. He captured Patrick Daley. On August 17, 1864, he nearly caught James Alpin McPherson.

In May 1863 the inspector-general told police to think of new ways to catch the bushrangers. Early in January 1865 Pottinger rode a horse in the Wowingragong races. This was against the rules of the police force. He was sacked (lost his job) on February 16, 1865. Pottinger said that he was just trying to get Ben Hall and John Dunn to come out of hiding. His plan worked and the bushrangers went to the races, only Pottinger didn't see them. Protest meetings against his sacking were held on the gold diggings and in the towns. People signed petitions for him to get his job back. He was regarded as a brave and tireless policeman. Pottinger went to Sydney to try and get back his job. On March 5, 1865, at Wascoe's Inn in the Blue Mountains Pottinger accidentally shot himself in the stomach while trying to get onto a moving coach. He was moved to the Victoria Club in Sydney where he died on April 9, 1865. His brother Henry became the 3rd Baronet. He was buried at St Jude's Anglican Church, Randwick.


Bushfire

A bushfire is a wildfire that happens mostly in the Australian bush. Bush is the word for scrub, woodland or grassland of Australia and New Zealand. In south east and south west of Australia, bushfires are most common in the summer and early autumn. In the north of Australia, bushfires usually happen during winter which is the dry season. Many Australian plants burn easily. Eucalyptus trees have a high oil content which makes them burn. Over the last 40 years, Australian bushfires have cost around 2.5 billion Australian dollars. In the same period, Australian bushfires caused the death of around 250 people and the destruction of 4,554 homes.But these figures do not include the 173 people who died and the 2000 homes destroyed in the 2009 Victorian bushfires. They can also kill wildlife including rare koalas.


Artificial selection

Artificial selection is the intentional breeding of plants or animals. It means the same thing as selective breeding and is an ancient method of genetic engineering. 

Selective breeding is a technique used when breeding domesticated animals, such as dogs, pigeons or cattle. Some of these animals may have traits that a breeder will want to carry over to the next generation. The breeder will therefore select those animals to breed which have that quality, rather than those that do not.

Inbreeding is a particular kind of selective breeding, designed to produce a population which is genetically virtually identical. Such populations are rarely viable outside the laboratory. They lose fertility. To control this, most breeds are outcrossed or backcrossed to wild-type individuals, or at least less inbred stock. The details differ from breed to breed. The improvement when outcrossing is done is called hybrid vigour.

Charles Darwin used the example of artificial selection to introduce his idea of natural selection. Artificial selection may be contrasted with the process of natural selection. In natural selection, the differential reproduction of organisms with certain traits happens. This is because some variations help the organism to have better survival and reproduction. The process maintains or enhances the fitness of a population in its natural habitat. 

Artificial selection may sometimes be unintentional; it is thought that domestication of crops by early humans was largely unintentional.

Selectable marker

A selectable marker is a reporter gene introduced into a cell along with a gene insert. What this means is, the experimenter can tell the right gene is in the cell because the marker can be seen or detected.

Most often, this is used for bacteria or for cells in culture. Selectable markers show the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign DNA into a cell. It is a technique in gene targeting and gene knockout.

Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic. The antibiotic knocks out cells which do not have the resistant marker. Those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material.

An alternative to a selectable marker is a screenable marker, which allows the researcher to distinguish between wanted and unwanted cells.

Examples of selectable markers include:

Evolutionary algorithm

In Computer Science, especially in artificial intelligence, evolutionary algorithms are a kind of algorithm that simulate evolution to optimise something. Each generation of solution is subjected to some kind of fitness function; those that "survive" are then recombined in some way to make the next generation of solution. This is done until a certain level of fitness is reached, or a determined number of generations have been used.

Artificial life

Artificial life (commonly Alife or alife) is a field of study that looks at systems related to life, its processes, and its evolution. This is done with simulations using computer models, robotics, and biochemistry. There are three main kinds of alife, named for their approaches: "soft", (from software); "hard", (from hardware); and "wet ("from biochemistry). Artificial life simulates traditional biology by trying to "recreate" biological phenomena. It is common for "artificial life" to refer to soft alife in specific.

Nils Aall Barricelli

Nils Aall Barricelli (24 January 1912 – 27 January 1993) was a Norwegian-Italian mathematician.

Barricelli's early computer-assisted experiments in symbiogenesis and evolution are considered pioneering in artificial life research. Barricelli, who was independently rich, held an unpaid residency at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey in 1953, 1954. and 1956. He later worked at the University of California, Los Angeles, at Vanderbilt University (until 1964), in the Department of Genetics of the University of Washington, Seattle (until 1968) and then at the Mathematics Institute of the University of Oslo. Barricelli published in a variety of fields including virus genetics, DNA, theoretical biology, space flight, theoretical physics and mathematical language.


Genetic algorithm

A genetic algorithm is an algorithm that imitates the process of natural selection. They help solve optimization and search problems. Genetic algorithms are part of the bigger class of evolutionary algorithms. Genetic algorithms imitate natural biological processes, such as inheritance, mutation, selection and crossover.

Genetic algorithms is a search technique often used in computer science to find complex, non-obvious solutions to algorithmic optimisation and search problems. Genetic algorithms are global search heuristics.

Natural evolution can be modeled as a game, in which the rewards for an organism that plays a good game of life are the passing on of its genetic material to its successors and its continued survival. In natural evolution, how well an individual performs depends on who it works with and who it competes with, as well as the environment. Genetic algorithms are a simulation of natural selection on a population of candidate solutions to an optimization problem (chromosomes, individuals, creatures, or phenotypes).

Candidates are evaluated and crossbred in an attempt to make good solutions. Such solutions may take a lot of time and are not obvious to a human. An evolutionary phase is started with a population of randomly generated beings. In each generation, the fitness of every individual in the population is evaluated. Some are randomly selected from the current population (based on their fitness) and modified (recombined and possibly randomly mutated) to form a new population. The cycle repeats with this new population. The algorithm ends either after a set number of generations have passed, or a good fitness level has been reached for the population. If the algorithm has ended due to reaching a maximum number of generations, it does not necessarily mean a good fitness level has been obtained.

The pseudocode is:


The above description is abstract. A concrete example helps.

Genetic algorithms are good at solving problems that include timetabling and scheduling. They have also been applied to engineering. They are often used to solve global optimization problems. They might be useful in problem domains that have a complex fitness landscape as mixing is designed to move the population away from local optima that a traditional hill climbing algorithm might get stuck in. Commonly used crossover operators cannot change any uniform population. Mutation alone can provide ergodicity of the overall genetic algorithm process (seen as a Markov chain).

Examples of problems solved by genetic algorithms include: mirrors designed to funnel sunlight to a solar collector, antennae designed to pick up radio signals in space, walking methods for computer figures, optimal design of aerodynamic bodies in complex flowfields 

In his "Algorithm Design Manual", Skiena advises against genetic algorithms for any task: ""It is quite unnatural to model applications in terms of genetic operators like mutation and crossover on bit strings. The pseudobiology adds another level of complexity between you and your problem. Second, genetic algorithms take a very long time on nontrivial problems. [...] The analogy with evolution—where significant progress require [sic] millions of years—can be quite appropriate.
[...] I have never encountered any problem where genetic algorithms seemed to me the right way to attack it. Further, I have never seen any computational results reported using genetic algorithms that have favorably impressed me. Stick to simulated annealing for your heuristic search voodoo needs.""

Board games are a very relevant part of the area of genetic algorithms as applied to game theory problems. Much of the early work on computational intelligence and games was directed toward classic board games, such as tic-tac-toe, chess, and checkers. Board games can now, in most cases, be played by a computer at a higher level than the best humans, even with blind exhaustive search techniques. Go is a noted exception to this tendency, and has so far resisted machine attack. The best Go computer players now play at the level of a good novice. Go strategy is said to rely heavily on pattern recognition, and not just logical analysis as with chess and other more piece-independent games. The huge effective branching factor required for finding high quality solutions heavily restricts the look-ahead that can be used within a move sequence search.

The genetic algorithm can be used in computer games to create artificial intelligence (the computer plays against you). This allows for a more realistic game experience; if a human player can find a sequence of steps which always lead to success even when repeated in different games, there can be no challenge left. Conversely if a learning technique such as a genetic algorithm for a strategist can avoid repeating past mistakes, the game will have more playability.

Genetic algorithms require the following parts:


The fitness function accepts a mutated instantiation of an entity and measures its quality. This function is customized to the problem domain. In many cases, particularly those involving code optimization, the fitness function may simply be a system timing function. Once a genetic representation and fitness function are defined, a genetic algorithm will instantiate initial candidates as described before, and then improve through repetitive application of mutation, crossover, inversion and selection operators (as defined according to the problem domain).

There are limitations of the use of a genetic algorithm compared to alternative optimization algorithms:


In 1950, Alan Turing proposed a "learning machine" which would parallel the principles of evolution. Computer simulation of evolution started as early as in 1954 with the work of Nils Aall Barricelli, who was using the computer at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. His 1954 publication was not widely noticed. Starting in 1957, the Australian quantitative geneticist Alex Fraser published a series of papers on simulation of artificial selection of organisms with multiple loci controlling a measurable trait. From these beginnings, computer simulation of evolution by biologists became more common in the early 1960s, and the methods were described in books by Fraser and Burnell (1970) and Crosby (1973). Fraser's simulations included all of the essential elements of modern genetic algorithms. In addition, Hans-Joachim Bremermann published a series of papers in the 1960s that also adopted a population of solution to optimization problems, undergoing recombination, mutation, and selection. Bremermann's research also included the elements of modern genetic algorithms. Other noteworthy early pioneers include Richard Friedberg, George Friedman, and Michael Conrad. Many early papers are reprinted by Fogel (1998).

Although Barricelli, in work he reported in 1963, had simulated the evolution of ability to play a simple game, artificial evolution became a widely recognized optimization method as a result of the work of Ingo Rechenberg and Hans-Paul Schwefel in the 1960s and early 1970s – Rechenberg's group was able to solve complex engineering problems through evolution strategies. Another approach was the evolutionary programming technique of Lawrence J. Fogel, which was proposed for generating artificial intelligence. Evolutionary programming originally used finite state machines for predicting environments, and used variation and selection to optimize the predictive logics. Genetic algorithms in particular became popular through the work of John Holland in the early 1970s, and particularly his book "Adaptation in Natural and Artificial Systems" (1975). His work originated with studies of cellular automata, conducted by Holland and his students at the University of Michigan. Holland introduced a formalized framework for predicting the quality of the next generation, known as Holland's schema theorem. Research in GAs remained largely theoretical until the mid-1980s, when The First International Conference on Genetic Algorithms was held in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


Ingo Rechenberg

"Ingo Rechenberg"' ( January 20 1934 in Berlin - September 25, 2021) is a German computer scientist and professor. Rechenberg is a pioneer of the fields of evolutionary computation and artificial evolution. In the 1960s and 1970s he invented a highly influential set of optimization methods known as evolution strategies (from German "Evolutionsstrategie"). His group successfully applied the new algorithms to challenging problems such as aerodynamic wing design. These were the first serious technical applications of artificial evolution, an important subset of the still growing field of bionics.

Rechenberg was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and at the University of Cambridge. Since 1972 he was a full professor at the Technical University of Berlin, in the Department of Bionics and Evolution Techniques.

His awards include the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Evolutionary Programming Society (US, 1995) and the Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award of the IEEE Neural Networks Society (US, 2002). In 1954, Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model airplanes. 



Evolution strategy

Evolution strategies are ways to solve a problem using evolutionary algorithms. The term was coined by Ingo Rechenberg.

John Henry Holland

John Henry Holland (February 2, 1929 – August 9, 2015) was an American scientist. He was Professor of Psychology and Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. He was a pioneer in complex system and nonlinear science. He was known as the father of genetic algorithms.

Holland died on August 9, 2015 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, aged 86.

Ontario Lacus

Ontario Lacus is a lake filled with methane and ethane near the south pole of Saturn's moon Titan. It was identified as a hydrocarbon lake and confirmed by data from the Cassini spacecraft. This discovery was announced in the 31 July 2008 edition of "Nature". Ontario Lacus is about 20,000 km in area, and is named after Lake Ontario in North America, which is a similar size and shape.

Penetrometer

A penetrometer is a device to test the strength of a material.

It is often used on soil. The penetrometer is dropped on soil or it is pressed against soil to measure how deep a hole it makes. This is a way to decide if soil is strong enough to build a road on. Scientists can use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil. Penetrometers are used on space probes such as the Cassini-Huygens probe, to measure the amount of moisture in soil on other planets.


Crème brûlée

Crème brûlée (or Crème brulée) is a dessert. It is made of custard. It is topped with a thin, brittle crust of caramelized sugar. It may be served cold, warm, or at room temperature. The custard is baked, and then sprinkled with sugar Casa that is caramelized under a broiler or with a kitchen blowtorch. The custard is flavored with vanilla. Other flavorings include chocolate, orange liqueur, fruit, or other. The caramelized sugar crust can be covered with a liqueur and set on fire.

The exact origin of crème brûlée is uncertain. France, England, and Spain all claim to be the country where crème brûlée had its origin. The first printed recipe for a dessert called crème brûlée is from the 1691 edition of the French cookbook "Le Cuisinier Royal et Bourgeois" by Francois Massialot, a cook at the Palace of Versailles. That version was a sweet custard of egg yolks and milk with a burnt sugar crust. It is similar to the modern versions. In the second edition of the book, the dessert is called "crème anglaise". 

At Trinity College, Cambridge the dessert was known as 'burnt cream'. The college crest was burnt into sugar on top of a custard using a hot iron. It may predate Massialot's cookbook with one authority claiming it was first served at Trinity in 1630.

Catalans claim their dessert known as "crema catalana" is the original. It is a rich custard often flavoured with cinnamon and lemon or orange zest topped with carmelized sugar. The Catalan version was first recorded in the 18th century. It is also called "Crema de Sant Josep", after Saint Joseph, the husband of the Virgin Mary. In Spain and in many other parts of Europe, Saint Joseph’s Day is celebrated on 19 March. "Crema Catalana" is a traditional dessert served on this day.


Kraken Mare

Kraken Mare is the largest known lake on the surface of Saturn's moon Titan. It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken, a legendary sea monster.

Kraken Mare is believed to be the largest of seas and lakes near Titan's north pole. It was discovered as a sea of hydrocarbons by radar pictures. Only a small part of the sea has been pictured by radar, but its full size is seen in visible light pictures. Kraken Mare is believed to be similar in size to the Caspian Sea.

An island in the sea is named Mayda Insula.


Ligeia Mare

Ligeia Mare is a lake on Titan at 79.0° N, 248.0° W, measuring around 500 km in width. It is named after Ligeia, one of the sirens in Greek mythology. Ligeia Mare has been a proposed lake to land the Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer space probe


Keystream

In cryptography, a keystream is a stream of random or pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message (the ciphertext).

The "characters" in the keystream can be bits, bytes, numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case.

Usually each character in the keystream is either added, subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext, using modular arithmetic.

Keystreams are used in the one-time pad cipher and in most stream ciphers. Block ciphers can also be used to produce keystreams. For example, the CTR mode (also known as Integer Counter Mode (ICM)) is a block mode that makes a block cipher produce a keystream then turns the block cipher into a stream cipher.

In this simple example we will use only the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z, therefore we will not encrypt numbers, commas, spaces and other symbols. As we have only 26 characters the random numbers in the keystream have to be at least between 0 and 25.

To encrypt we add the keystream numbers to the plaintext. And to decrypt we subtract the same keystream numbers from the ciphertext to get the plaintext.

If a ciphertext number becomes larger than 25 we wrap it to a value between 0-25. I.e. 26 becomes 0 and 27 becomes 1 and so on. (Such wrapping is called modular arithmetic.)

Here the plaintext message "attack at dawn" is combined by addition with the keystream "kjcngmlhylyu" and produces the ciphertext "kcvniwlabluh".


Noor Jehan

Noor Jehan () was the adopted stage name for Allah Wasai (September 21, 1926 – December 23, 2000). She was a Punjabi singer and actress. She is renowned as one of the greatest singers of her time in the Indian subcontinent and was given the honorific title of "Mallika-e-Tarranum" (, English: the queen of melody). She achieved special national recognition and popularity in Punjab with her patriotic songs of 1965, which elevated her to an iconic level. 

Along with Ahmed Rushdi, she has given voice to the mny number of film songs in the history of Punjabi cinema. She is also considered to be one of the best female Punjabi film director.

Noor Jehan moved to Pakistan shortly after.

Noor Jehan was awarded the Pakistan President's Award in 1965.

She married Shaukat Hussain Rizvi in 1942. The marriage ended in 1953 with divorce. The couple had three children, including their singer daughter Zil-e-Huma. She then married Ejaz Durrani in 1959. The second marriage also produced three children. It ended in divorce in 1970.

In 2000, Jehan was hospitalized in Karachi and suffered a heart attack. Jehan died as a result of heart failure.

Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan

Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan (, October 13, 1948 – August 16, 1997), was a Pakistani musician. He was a singer of qawwali, the devotional music of the Sufis. In 2006, "Time" magazine included him in their list of "Asian Heroes'.

Traditionally, qawwali is a performing art which is passed down with in the family. Nusrat's family has been performing qawwali for the last 600 years. Among other honorary titles given to him, Nusrat was called "Shahenshah-e-Qawwali", meaning "The Emperor of Qawwali".

Aziz Mian

Aziz Mian Qawwal () (April 17, 1942 – December 6, 2000) was a Pakistani singer, most famous for his performing of Qawwalis. Aziz Mian was born as Abdul Aziz () in Delhi, British India. The exclamation "Mian", which he often used in his qawwalis, became part of his stage name. He began to introduce himself as Aziz Mian Mairthi. The word "Mairthi" refers to Meerut, a city in northern India, from which he migrated to Pakistan in 1947.

At the age of ten, he began learning the art of Qawwali under the tutelage of Ustad Abdul Wahid Khan. He received sixteen years of training at the Data Ganj Baksh School of Lahore, and obtained a degree in Urdu literature from the University of Punjab, Lahore.

Kashmir Solidarity Day

Kashmir Solidarity Day has been celebrated on 5 February each year since 1990. It is a day of protest against Indian control of part of Kashmir. It is a national holiday in Pakistan.

National emblem of Bangladesh

The National Emblem of Bangladesh was adopted shortly after independence in 1971. 

Located on the emblem is a White water lily, that is bordered on two sides by rice sheaves. Above the water lilly are four stars and a three-leaf clover of jute leaves. The water lily is the country's national flower, and is representative of the many rivers that run through Bangladesh. Rice represents its presence as the staple food of Bangladesh, and for the agriculture of that nation. The four stars represent the four founding principles that were originally enshrined in the first constitution of Bangladesh in 1972: Nationalism, Secularism, Socialism, and Democracy. 

The details of the emblem is given as quoted below:
"The national emblem of the Republic is the national flower Shapla (Nymphaea pubescens) resting on water, having on each side an ear of paddy and being surmounted by three connected leaves of jute with two stars on each side of the leaves." - Constitution of Bangladesh Article 4(3) 
The Government of Bangladesh has adopted Education, Nationalism and Democracy as its ""National Motto"".

Pakistani Instrument of Surrender

The Instrument of Surrender () was a written agreement that enabled the surrender of the Pakistan Armed Forces in the Bangladesh Liberation War. The surrender took place at the Ramna Race Course in Dacca on December 16, 1971. Lieutenant-General A A K Niazi, joint commander of the Pakistan Armed Forces in East Pakistan, and Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora, joint commander of the Bangladesh-India Allied Forces, signed the instrument amid thousands of cheering crowds at the race course. Air Commodore A. K. Khandker, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Bangladesh Armed Forces, and Lieutenant General J F R Jacob of the Indian Eastern Command, acted as witnesses to the surrender.

Eastern Command was a Corps level formation in the former East Pakistan consisting of 9th, 14th and 16th Infantry Divisions. Subsequently, around 30,000-32,000 Pakistani troops and officials were taken as prisoners-of-war by the Indian Army. The usually inflated figure of 93000 POWs is completely incorrect and misleading, as far as number of military troops is concerned. 3 Divisions of army do not add up to such a number in any Army in the world. However, there were thousands of civilians belonging from West Pakistan, working or otherwise in East Pakistan, who were also taken as prisoners and thus the total number of 'POWs' increased..They were later repatriated in 1973 under the terms of the Delhi Agreement.

The Pakistan Eastern Command agree to surrender all Pakistan Armed Forces in Bangladesh to Lieutenant-General Jagjit Singh Aurora, General Officer Commanding in Chief of the Indian and Bangladesh forces in the Eastern Theatre. This surrender includes all Pakistan land, air and naval forces as also all para-military forces and civil armed forces. These forces will lay down their arms and surrender at the places where they are currently located to the nearest regular troops under the command of Lieutenant- General Jagjit Singh Aurora. 

The Pakistan Eastern Command shall come under the orders of Lieutenant-General Jagjit Singh Aurora as soon as this instrument has been signed. Disobedience of orders will be regarded as a breach of the surrender terms and will be dealt with in accordance with the accepted laws and usages of war. The decision of Lieutenant-General Jagjit Singh Aurora will be final, should any doubt arise as to the meaning or interpretation of the surrender terms. 

Lieutenant- General Jagjit Singh Aurora gives a solemn assurance that personnel who surrender will be treated with dignity and respect that soldiers are entitled to in accordance with the provisions of the Geneva Convention and guarantees the safety and well-being of all PAKISTAN military and para-military forces who surrender. Protection will be provided to foreign nationals, ethnic minorities and personnel of Western Pakistan origin by the forces under the command of Lieutenant - General Jagjit Singh Aurora. 

Signed: 

(Jagjit Singh Aurora) Lieutenant-General General Officer Commanding in Chief Indian and Bangladesh Forces in the Eastern Theatre 

(Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi) Lieutenant-General Martial Law Administrator Zone B and Commander Eastern Command (Pakistan) 

16 December 1971" 

This document can be seen on display in the National Museum in Delhi (as of January 2012)

Product cipher

In cryptography, a product cipher is a popular type of stream ciphers that works by executing in sequence a number of simple transformations such as substitution, permutation, and modular arithmetic. 

Product ciphers usually consist of iterations of several "rounds" of the same algorithm. Individual "rounds" themselves are not secure. However, it is hoped that a sufficiently long chain of "rounds" loads the cipher with sufficient confusion and diffusion properties to make it resistant to cryptanalysis. 

A product cipher that uses only substitutions and permutations is called a SP-network. Feistel ciphers are another important class of product ciphers.

Islamic republic

Islamic Republic is the name given to forms of government of several states. These states have Islam as a state religion and are governed by the principles of the Islamic law called Sharia. Some of these countries have both Sharia and civil law. Laws made by the state cannot contradict Sharia in some of these countries, and in other countries civil law is more dominant than Sharia law. 

The following states call themselves Islamic Republic (non-exhaustive list)

Despite the similar name the countries differ greatly in their governments and laws. Of the Islamic republics, only Iran is a theocracy.

Key schedule

In cryptography, the so-called product ciphers are a certain kind of ciphers, where the decryption of data is done in ""rounds"". The general setup of each "round" is the same, except for some hard-coded parameters and a part of the cipher key, called a subkey. A key schedule is an algorithm that, given the key, calculates the subkeys for these "rounds". 




Knudsen and Mathiassen (2004) give some experimental evidence that indicate that the key schedule plays a part in providing strength against linear and differential cryptanalysis. For toy Feistel ciphers, it was observed that those with complex and well-designed key schedules can reach a uniform distribution for the probabilities of differentials and linear hulls faster than those with poorly-designed key schedules.


EFF DES cracker

In cryptography, the EFF DES cracker (nicknamed "Deep Crack") is a machine built by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) to perform a brute force search of DES cipher's key space — that is, to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key. The aim in doing this was to prove that DES's key is not long enough to be secure.

The DES uses a 56-bit key, meaning that there are 2 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted. This is approximately 7.21 (more than 72 quadrillion). When DES was approved as a federal standard in 1976, a machine fast enough to test such a number of keys in a reasonable time would have cost an unreasonable amount of money to build.


Classified information

Classified information is sensitive information to which access is restricted by law or regulation to particular classes of people. A formal security clearance is required to handle classified documents or access classified data. The clearance process requires a satisfactory background investigation. There are usually several levels of sensitivity, with differing clearance requirements. This sort of hierarchical system of sharing information among a group of people is used by most national governments. Deciding the level of sensitivity of data is called data classification.

The purpose of classification is to protect information from being used to damage or cause danger to national security. Classification says what is a "state secret" and deals with different levels of protection based on the damage the information might cause if it reached the wrong hands.

Some non-government organizations and corporations also have their own secret information, normally referred to as trade secrets.

Although the classification systems vary from country to country, most have levels like the following British definitions (from the highest level to lowest):

Depending on the level of classification there are different rules controlling the level of clearance needed to view the information, and how it must be stored, transmitted, and destroyed. Access is restricted on a "need to know" basis. Simply possessing a clearance does not automatically authorize the individual to view all material classified at that level or below that level. The individual must have a "need to know" in addition to the proper level of clearance.


Security clearance

A security clearance is a status granted (approved) to individuals allowing them access to classified information, e.g. state secrets. It is something like permission or a license. The term "security clearance" is also sometimes used in private organizations that have a formal process of selecting employees to access ""sensitive information"". 

A clearance by itself is normally not sufficient to gain access; the organization must determine that the cleared person ""needs to know"" the information. No one is supposed to be granted access to classified information only because of rank, position, or a security clearance.

Sensitive information

Sensitive information is information or knowledge that might result in loss of an advantage or level of security if exposed to others who might be unfriends or have low or unknown trustability.

Loss, misuse, modification or unauthorized access to sensitive information can negatively affect the privacy of an individual, trade secrets of a business or even the security, internal and foreign affairs of a nation depending on the level of sensitivity and nature of the information. 

The term classified information generally refers to information that is subject to special security classification regulations imposed by many national governments. The term "Unclassified" as used in the below refers to information that is not subject to security classification regulations. Information can be reclassified to a different level or declassified (made available to the public) depending on changes of situation or new intelligence.

Trade secret

A trade secret is a formula, practice, process, design, instrument, pattern, or a collection of information which is not generally known, invented or created, by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors or customers. In some jurisdictions, such secrets are referred to as "confidential information" or "classified information".

With its broad definition of eligible subject matter, trade secret law protects a wide range of valuable information, including information that would not be eligible for protection under existing patent, trademark, or copyright law. This could include formulae and recipes, proprietary databases, business processes and methods, information about costs, pricing, margins, overhead, manufacturing processes, proprietary computer software programs, customer lists, and strategic plans and marketing programs.

There are three factors that are common to all definitions of a trade secret, a trade secret is information that:
The unauthorized acquisition, use, or disclosure of such secret information in a manner contrary to honest commercial practices by others is regarded as an unfair practice and a violation of the trade secret protection.

Rock Steady (album)

Rock Steady is the fifth studio album by the American alternative rock band No Doubt. It was released on December 11, 2001. The album was influenced a lot by reggae, dancehall, and electronica, compared to their previous albums. A lot of music critics saw this and gave the album good reviews. For example, "Rolling Stone" magazine put the album as the 316th greatest album of all time in their book "Rolling Stone's List of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". It was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards. Four singles were released from the album. The first single, "Hey Baby", won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. The second single was nominated for Best Dance Recording. The third single, "Underneath It All", was released August 15 2002. It won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 2004 Grammy Awards. The album's last single, "Running", was released July 1 2003.


The iTunes version of the album has two extra songs.

Key whitening

In cryptography, key whitening is a technique used to increase the security of block ciphers. It consists of steps that combine the data with portions of the key (most commonly using a simple XOR) before the first round and after the last round of encryption. DES-X was the first block cipher that used key whitening. Most recently, the Q/ZIN network would implement it as a key feature in their software, hardware online.

ESTREAM

eSTREAM is a project to identify "new stream ciphers that might become suitable for widespread adoption", organized by the EU ECRYPT network. It was set up because of the failure of all six stream ciphers submitted to the New European Schemes for Signatures, Integrity and Encryption project. The call for cryptographic primitives was first issued in November 2004. The project was completed in April 2008. The project was divided into separate phases and the project goal was to find algorithms suitable for different kinds of application.


MacGuffin (cipher)

In cryptography, MacGuffin is a block cipher created in 1994 by Bruce Schneier and Matt Blaze at a Fast Software Encryption workshop. It was intended as a catalyst for analysis of a new cipher structure, known as Generalized Unbalanced Feistel Networks (GUFNs). 

Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES, their main change was spliting the DES 64 bits data block into two unequal halves in the Feistel network, 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function, whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block. 

MacGuffin's key schedule is a modified version of the encryption algorithm itself. Since MacGuffin is a Feistel network, decryption is easy; simply run the encryption algorithm in reverse.

The algorithm was experimental, intended to explore the security properties of unbalanced Feistel networks. The cryptanalysis proceeded very quickly, so quickly that the cipher was broken using differential cryptanalysis at the same workshop by Vincent Rijmen and Bart Preneel. They also tried attacking MacGuffin with different S-boxes, taken directly from DES. This version was slightly stronger. 

Rijmen and Preneel warn that designing an algorithm to resist only known attacks is generally not a good design principle.

Schneier and Blaze recommended using 32 "rounds", and specified MacGuffin with a 128-bit key.


Feistel cipher

In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers, named after the German IBM cryptographer ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network. A large set of block ciphers use the scheme, including the Data Encryption Standard 

The Feistel structure has the advantage that encryption and decryption operations are very similar, even identical in some cases, requiring only a reversal of the key schedule. Therefore the size of the code or circuitry required to implement such a cipher is nearly halved.

Feistel construction is iterative in nature which makes implementing the cryptosystem in hardware easier.

Feistel networks and similar constructions are product ciphers, and so combine multiple rounds of repeated operations, such as:

Bit shuffling creates the diffusion effect, while substitution is used for confusion.

Many modern symmetric block ciphers use Feistel networks, and the structure and properties of Feistel ciphers have been extensively explored by cryptographers. Specifically, Michael Luby and Charles Rackoff analyzed the Feistel block cipher construction, and proved that if the round function is a cryptographically secure pseudorandom function, with K used as the seed, then 3 rounds is sufficient to make the block cipher a pseudorandom permutation, while 4 rounds is sufficient to make it a "strong" pseudorandom permutation (which means that it remains pseudorandom even to an adversary who gets oracle access to its inverse permutation). Because of this very important result of Luby and Rackoff, Feistel ciphers are sometimes called Luby-Rackoff block ciphers. Further theoretical studies generalized the construction, and defined more precise limits for security.

Let formula_1 be the round function and let
formula_2 be the sub-keys for the rounds formula_3 respectively.

Then the basic operation is as follows:

Split the plaintext block into two equal pieces, (formula_4, formula_5)

For each round formula_6, compute (calculate)

Then the ciphertext is formula_9. (Commonly the two pieces formula_10 and formula_11 are not switched after the last round.)

Decryption of a ciphertext formula_12 is accomplished by computing for formula_13

Then formula_16 is the plaintext again.

One advantage of this model is that the round function formula_1 does not have to be "invertible", and can be very complex.

The diagram illustrates the encryption process. Decryption requires only reversing the order of the subkey formula_18 using the same process; this is the only difference between encryption and decryption:

Unbalanced Feistel ciphers use a modified structure where formula_4 and formula_5 are not of equal lengths. The MacGuffin cipher is an experimental example of such a cipher.
The Feistel construction is also used in cryptographic algorithms other than block ciphers. For example, the Optimal Asymmetric Encryption Padding (OAEP) scheme uses a simple Feistel network to randomize ciphertexts in certain asymmetric-key encryption schemes.

Feistel or modified Feistel:
Blowfish,
Camellia,
CAST-128,
DES,
FEAL,
ICE,
KASUMI,
LOKI97, 
Lucifer,
MARS,
MAGENTA,
MISTY1,
RC5,
TEA,
Triple DES,
Twofish,
XTEA,
GOST 28147-89

Generalised Feistel:
CAST-256,
MacGuffin,
RC2,
RC6,
Skipjack

George Wythe

George Wythe (1726 – June 8, 1806), was a lawyer, judge, prominent law professor and "Virginia's foremost classical scholar." Wythe was one of the seven men from Virginia who signed the United States Declaration of Independence.

Wythe served as mayor of Williamsburg, Virginia from 1768 to 1769. In 1779 he was appointed to the newly created Chair of Law at William and Mary, becoming the first law professor in the United States. Wythe's pupils included Thomas Jefferson, Henry Clay, James Monroe, and John Marshall.

Josiah Bartlett

Josiah Bartlett (November 21, 1729– May 19, 1795), was an American physician and statesman, delegate to the Continental Congress for New Hampshire. He signed the Declaration of Independence. He was later Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court of Judicature and governor of the state.

Carter Braxton

Carter Braxton (September 10, 1736 – October 10, 1797), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and a representative of Virginia.

He was born on Newington Plantation in King and Queen County, Virginia and educated at the William and Mary. He married a wealthy heiress named Judith Robinson at the age nineteen, but she died two years later, leaving him two daughters. 

He journeyed to England for two years and returned to the colonies in 1760, marrying again, this time to Elizabeth Corbin, and represented King William County in the Virginia House of Burgesses. He joined the patriot's Committee of Safety in Virginia in 1774 and represented his county in the Virginia Convention. 

When Peyton Randolph died in 1775, Braxton was appointed to take his place in the Continental Congress. He served in the Congress from February 1776 until August, when Virginia reduced its delegation to five members. Afterwards he returned to the House of Burgesses, and later served on the State's Executive Council. 

Islamic theology

Islamic theology deals with the beliefs of the Islamic faith.

Islamic theology comes from the Qur'an, Hadith, and the story of Muhammad's life ("Sirah Rasul Allah"). 

Kalam is the Islamic philosophy of seeking theological principles through dialectic. In Arabic, the word means "speech". A scholar of kalam is called a "mutakallim" (Muslim theologian; plural "mutakallimiin").

Eschatology is understood as the last things or ultimate things, and in Muslim theology, eschatology is about the end of this world and what will happen in the next world. Eschatology covers the death of human beings, their souls after their bodily death, the destruction of this world, the resurrection of human souls, the final judgments of human deeds by Allah after the resurrection, and the rewards and punishments for the believers and non-believers. The places for the believers are known as Paradise and for the non-believers as Hell. 

Comparative religion in Muslim theology is about the differences and similarities between it and other theologies such as Christian and Jewish as explained in the Qur'an and the Prophetic traditions.

In the history of Muslim theology, there have been theological schools among Muslims with both similarities and differences with each other about their beliefs.

Sunni Muslims hold that there are six articles of belief: belief in Allah, in angels, in divinely revealed scripture] like Qur'an, in prophets, in the "Last Day" or end times, and in predestination.

Shi`ite Muslims hold that there are five articles of belief: the Divine Oneness and Justice, the Prophethood, the Imamate, and eschatology.

In the relationship between humans and their creator, Mu`tazilites emphasize human free will over predestination and God's justice over God's omnipotence. Mu'tazilites also believe in the use of logic to decide the true meanings of the Qur'an. This and the principal of Ijtihad, led to their belief in dynamic Fiqh.

Mac OS X Leopard

Mac OS X v10.5 "Leopard" is an operating system made by Apple Inc. for its Macintosh line of computers. It is a version of Mac OS X, and carries the release number 10.5. It was released on October 27, 2007, and came in one release for both Intel Mac's, and PowerPC processors. According to Apple, Leopard contains over 300 changes and improvements since Mac OS X v10.4 "Tiger". Leopard was the last release for the PowerPC processor.

Weather forecast

A weather forecast is a prediction of what the weather will be in the future. Weather stations measure things such as temperature, air pressure and cloud cover. Meteorologists use these measurements and fluid dynamics and other methods to predict the weather. A forecast for many days in the future is less trustworthy than one for tomorrow or the next day.

MacBook

A MacBook is a type of laptop computer made by Apple Inc. It runs macOS and comes with a built in webcam and microphone and a power adapter that is attached by magnets or USB-C. MacBooks are currently available housed in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold aluminium.

Many college students purchase MacBooks to help with their studies and to stay connected with their family and friends. 

The first models were released in 2006. It now has the same "unibody" construction as the MacBook Pro's.

The Macbook was introduced by Apple in May 2006. It replaced the iBook and 12 inch PowerBook series of notebooks because Apple was switching all of their CPUs to Intel from Power PC's.

Apple upgrades, or makes the MacBook better, about every six months to two years. This makes them faster and more reliable.

In October 2008, Apple decided to make a MacBook housed in aluminum. It was pretty much the same as the one housed in plastic except that it was a little better and that it was housed in metal. In June 2009, during WWDC (Apple's big yearly gathering), this laptop was renamed the MacBook Pro 13 inch.
In 2011, Apple stopped the production of MacBooks. However, in 2015 Apple released 12-inch MacBook, with a smaller Retina display.


SMS

An SMS, or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones. They are more commonly called 'text messages'. With SMS, someone can send text to another person.

SMS can be slow, as a network gives priority to phone calls, and only carries text messages after calls are handled. There is also a limit of 160 characters that a text message can send. Longer messages than this will be sent as multiple messages, where the sender has to pay for each individual message. 

Text messages are often sent between phone users when an actual phone call is not wanted or needed. For example, they may be used in a situation where silence is needed, or to send something private that one person does not want people near them to hear. Message price depends on the phone network of the user. Some mobile phone plans allow for unlimited texting.

International waters

International waters is a body of water that does not belong to any single country. "International waters" is not a defined term in international law. It is an informal term.

The Convention on the High Seas 1958 defined "high seas" to mean "all parts of the sea that are not included in the territorial sea or in the internal waters of a State" and "no State may validly... subject any part of them to its sovereignty".

Therefore "high seas" and "international waters" share a basic idea: that no country can own them.

Alternative hip hop

Alternative hip hop is a form of hip hop music that is very different from gangsta rap, crunk, and snap. A way to explain it would be that if "regular hip hop" was on the middle of a number line, gangsta rap, crunk, and snap would be on one side, and alternative hip hop would be on the other. Even though it is a form of hip hop, fans of alternative hip hop tend to also be fans of horrorcore more than "regular hip hop" or especially R&B.

Alternative hip hop originally came from the United States, and some artists like Gorillaz sprang up from the United Kingdom. Examples of American alternative hip hop artists are Talib Kweli, Mos Def, (and the band they started together, Black Star), Common, Nas, Kanye West, A Tribe Called Quest, Jurassic 5, and Styles of Beyond. It started as a movement-of-sorts from hip hop artists against the "tasteless" hip hop that was popular in the 1990s.

Jason Varitek

Jason Varitek (born April 11, 1972 in Rochester, Michigan) is an American retired baseball player who played in the MLB. Varitek played for the Boston Red Sox up until his retirement in March 2012.

Varitek was called up from Triple A Pawtucket on September 24, 1997, for one game. In 1998, he and catcher Scott Hatteberg were the starting catchers. That season, Varitek played 86 games, while Hatteberg played 76. Varitek had a good spring training in 1999. Because of that, he became the starting catcher.

Varitek had a great season in 1999. Varitek played in 144 games. He hit a .269 batting average, with 20 home runs and 76 RBIs. Varitek went 5–21 with 3 RBI in the 1999 ALDS playing. the Cleveland Indians. He then went 4–20 with 1 RBI in the ALCS playing the New York Yankees.


Süddeutsche Zeitung

The Süddeutsche Zeitung ("South German Newspaper") is the most-read nationwide quality-newspaper in Germany. It is published in Munich. Recently, they are known for leaking offshore bank accounts that led to the Panama Papers and the Paradise Papers leak.

The Süddeutsche Zeitung is a liberal newspaper. The national edition features four sections: Politics, Culture, Economy and Sports. There are also regional editions for Munich and Bavaria featuring local news. There are 6 newspapers a week. It has the second most readers in Germany after the tabloid newspaper Bild-Zeitung. There are about 442,000 papers sold each day, reaching over 1.1 million readers daily.

The Süddeutsche Zeitung was published for the first time on October 6, 1945. It was the first newspaper in Bavaria to get a licence from the U.S. military government after World War II.


Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is a conserative newspaper in Germany.

The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is the leading conservative newspaper in Germany.
There are 6 newspapers a week and supplementary the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung on Sundays.
There are about 360,000 newspapers sold every day.
It is the German newspaper with the widest circulation abroad. It is sold to 148 countries every day.

The first edition of the FAZ published on November 1, 1949. Its founding editor was Erich Welter. Some editors had worked for the Frankfurter Zeitung, which was banned in 1943.


Frankfurter Rundschau

The Frankfurter Rundschau is a nationwide newspaper in Germany.

The <nowiki>"</nowiki>Frankfurter Rundschau is a left-wing liberal newspaper in Germany. Its position is often similar to the positions of the trade unions.
There are 6 newspapers a week.
It has a regional part for Hesse and a local part for Frankfurt am Main, too.
There are about 180,000 newapapers sold daily.
The <nowiki>"Franfurter Rundschau"</nowiki> is the first newspaper in Germany in the tabloid format.

The Frankfurter Rundschau<nowiki>"</nowiki> was the second newspaper starting in Germany after the World War II on the 1st of August 1945.
And it was the first newspaper in the U.S. sector.
The licence was handed over to the first team of editors consisting of Emil Carlebach, Hans Etzkorn, Wilhelm Karl Gerst, Otto Grossmann, Wilhelm Knothe, Paul Rodemann and Arno Rudert.
There were social democrats, political katholics and communists, who had spent years in the resistance and nazi concentration camps or in exile.


Die Zeit

Die Zeit is a nationwide weekly newspaper in Germany.

"Die Zeit" (the title means: "The Time") is read by about 2 million people. It sells about 480.000 copies every week. It is well known for its good articles which are well-written and often detailed. It is read by well-educated people. It is a liberal newspaper.

It includes articles about politics, economics, knowledge, the sciences, art, literature, education, life (style) and travel. It has many advertisements for jobs at universities.

The first copies of "Die Zeit" were published on the 21 February 1946 in Hamburg.
Since that day it has been published in Hamburg every week. 


Der Spiegel

Der Spiegel is a weekly political magazine in Germany.
It was set up in 1947 as a copy of "Time magazine". It is now one of Europe's largest weekly magazines.

Der Spiegel is a liberal magazine. It has long, detailed articles.
It has a circulation of more than one million per week. It now has an on-line version, "Spiegel Online".

The first edition of the Spiegel magazine was published in Hanover on 4 January 1947. Later it was published in Hamburg.
Rudolf Augstein was the publisher from the very first issue until his death in 2002.

There was an affair which became known as the "Spiegel affair" in the early 1960s, when Defense Secretary Franz-Josef Strauß arrested writers and publishers of the Spiegel, because he was angry about a critical report on the Germany army (the Bundeswehr).

Many political affairs in Germany were first made known by Der Spiegel, e.g. the Flick affair. "The magazine is renowned for its aggressive, vigorous, and well-written exposes of government malpractice and scandals".


Oliver Wolcott

Oliver Wolcott (December 1, 1726– December 1, 1797), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and also the Articles of Confederation as a representative of Connecticut.

Oliver Wolcott was born in Windsor, Connecticut as the youngest of fourteen children of the Royal Governor Roger Wolcott. He attended Yale College, graduating in 1747. He was commissioned to raise a militia company to fight in the French and Indian War, and he served the King as Captain in this unit on the northern frontier. At the end of the war, Wolcott studied medicine, then was appointed sheriff of the newly created Litchfield County, Connecticut, serving from about 1751 to 1771.

He participated in the American Revolutionary War as brigadier general and then major general in the Connecticut militia. The Continental Congress appointed him Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and he was elected to the Congress in 1775. He became seriously ill in 1776 and did not sign the Declaration of Independence until some time later. He was engaged in military affairs between 1776-78, and served again in Congress from 1778-1784.

He served again as an Indian Commissioner, and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut in 1786, assuming the Governorship on the death of Samuel Huntington in 1796, and was reelected to the position, dying in office at the age of seventy-one in Farmington, Connecticut. He is buried in East Cemetery in Litchfield, Connecticut.

The town of Wolcott, Connecticut was named in honor of Oliver and his son, Oliver Jr. His home in Litchfield was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.

His son, Oliver Wolcott, Jr., served as Secretary of the Treasury under Presidents George Washington and John Adams and as Governor of Connecticut.

Thomas Paine

Thomas Paine (29 January 1737 – 8 June 1809) was an English pamphleteer, revolutionary, inventor, and intellectual. Born in Norfolk, he lived and worked in Britain until he was 37, when he emigrated to the British American colonies during the American Revolution. His main contribution was the powerful, widely-read pamphlet "Common Sense" (1776). It promoted the idea of colonial America's independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain. He also wrote "The American Crisis" (1776–1783), a pro-revolutionary pamphlet series.

Thomas Paine went to France after the American Revolution to join the French Revolution. He wrote "The Age of Reason" while in prison there. This pamphlet was critical of organized religion. Paine along with other American founders such as Thomas Jefferson and James Madison liked to apply reason to religion instead of revelation. This was part of the greater Age of Enlightenment movement that dated back to about the early 17th century. Paine died at the age of 72, at 59 Grove Street in Greenwich Village, New York City, on the morning of June 8, 1809.


Richard R. Schrock

Richard Royce Schrock (born on January 4, 1945) is an American Professor of Chemistry. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for chemistry in 2005 for his work on the metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry.

Professor Schrock was born in Berne, Indiana, and went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego, California. He was given a B.A. degree in 1967 from the University of California, Riverside and a Ph.D., in 1971, from Harvard University. At Harvard he was a student of J. A. Osborn. Between 1971 and 1972, he studied at the University of Cambridge with Lord Jack Lewis. In 1972, he began working for George Parshall in the Experimental Station of the E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company in Wilmington, Delaware. He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became a professor in 1980.

Schrock now works as the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He has worked there since 1989. Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007. 

He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children, Andrew and Eric. Nancy Schrock is the Thomas F. Peterson, Jr. Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries. The family live in Winchester, Massachusetts.

In 2005 Professor Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin, for his work on olefin metathesis, which is a method of organic synthesis. Schrock was the first scientist to make sense of 'black box' olefin metathesis. Olefin Metathesis is used when making petroleum and reduces the amount of dirty waste.

Professor Schrock's work is continuing with metathesis as well as projects such as dinitrogen fixation and single molecule catalysts which make ammonia from dinitrogen, similar to nitrogenase enzymes in biology.

Schrock carbenes are named after Schrock.



All your base are belong to us

"All your base are belong to us" (often shortened to "All Your Base", "AYBABTU", or simply "AYB") is a broken English phrase that began an internet phenomenon in 2001 and 2002, with the use of a Flash animation. The phrase is taken from the first part of a European Sega Mega Drive version of the video game "Zero Wing", made in Japan by Toaplan. The words in the game were translated into English so quickly that they did not make very much sense. The words "All your base are belong to us" were at first popular on the Something Awful message forums.

The phrase and similar phrases from the game has been shown in articles, books, comics, clothing, movies, radio shows, songs, television shows, video games, webcomics, and websites.


Notes


Gall

A gall is a growth on the surface of plants and other lifeforms. They are caused by various parasites, such as fungi, bacteria, insects and mites. 

Plant galls are abnormal growths of plant tissues similar to benign tumors or warts in animals. 

What causes a plant gall can often be known without the actual agent being there. Many types of gall have typical structures. This is true of many galls produced by insects and mites. 

Insect galls on plants give some herbivorous insects their own microhabitat. They are plant tissue which is controlled by the insect. Galls are the habitat and food source for the maker of the gall. The gall may contain nutritious starch and other tissues. Galls often give the insect physical protection from predators.

Insect galls are usually induced by chemicals injected by the larvae or the adults of the insects into the plants. After the galls are formed, the larvae develop inside until fully grown, when they leave. In order to form galls, the insects must seize the time when plant cell division occurs quickly. The growing season, spring in temperate climates, is longer in the tropics.

Galls can be used by humans, and have been since ancient times. One use is to collect the pigment which many galls make. The galls are rich in resins and tannins, from which dyes and inks can be made. Galls can be used to make a mordant for dyeing: mordants make the dye on the cloth permanent. Also, permanent black ink can be made from galls, and that has been done for a long time. 

The larvae inside the galls may be used as food or as fishing bait, and some galls have medicinal uses.

Zeroth law of thermodynamics

The Zeroth Law of Thermodynamics says that if a change to the temperature(T) from one object (for example 'A') changes the temperature of another object ('B'), and a change to the temperature of 'B' changes the temperature of 'C' (a third object), then a change to the temperature of 'A' will mean a change to the temperature of 'C'. Heat naturally flows from areas that are hot to areas that are cold. 

More simply: 

It is called the zeroth (0) law of thermodynamics because it was discovered after the others, but scholars thought it was more important so they wanted to give it a number before the other laws. 


Peach (color)

Peach is a color that represents the color of the peach fruit. 

Peach paint can be made by mixing orange paint and white paint. 

The first written use of "peach" as a color name in English was in 1588.
The word "peach" comes from the Middle English "peche", from Middle French, in turn from Latin "persica", i.e., "the fruit from Persia". In fact, the origin of the peach fruit was from China.



Third law of thermodynamics

The third law of thermodynamics says:
The definition is: at absolute zero , the entropy of a perfectly crystalline substance is zero.

Experimentally, it is not possible to obtain −273.15°C, as of now. It is found that most of the gases either liquify or solidify before reaching such a temperature, gaseous molecules no longer remaining. So far, scientists have been able to get close to, but not exactly, absolute zero. This may change in the future.


Dion Dublin

Dion Dublin (born 22 April 1969) is an English former footballer. He has played for England national team.

601||182
11||1
612||183

!Total||4||0

Danny Murphy

Daniel Ben Murphy (born 18 March 1977) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Crewe Alexandra

Liverpool

Fulham

Individual

Stéphane Henchoz

Stéphane Henchoz (born 7 September 1974) is a former Swiss football player. He has played for Switzerland national team.

91||1
49||2
243||0
6||0
389||3

!Total||72||0

Milan Baroš

Milan Baroš (born 28 October 1981) is a former Czech football player. He played for the Czech Republic national team.

Source: League matches;Cup and League Cup matches;Liverpool European matches;European club matches from 2006

Baroš made his debut opposed to Belgium in April 2001, netting his first goal as the match ended in a 1–1 draw. Baroš has only scored a hat-trick once, which came against San Marino in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match in September 2009, where he accomplished a career mark by scoring four times.

Liverpool

Olympique Lyon

Portsmouth

Galatasaray

Mladá Boleslav
Czech Republic Youth
Individual

Gabriel Batistuta

Gabriel Batistuta (born 1 February 1969) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

Bentley

Bentley is a British automobile maker. It is based in Crewe, Cheshire, England.

Bentley is famous for their fast, luxury vehicles. In 1998, the German Volkswagen Group bought Bentley for £430 million. 

Chloe O'Brian

Chloe O'Brian is a character in the television series "24". She works at the Counter Terrorist Unit as an analyst. O'Brian is a close friend of Jack Bauer.

Communes of the Bouches-du-Rhône department

There are 119 communes in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in France, all included in the following list:

Allauch

Allauch is a commune of 19,400 people (2005). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.



Alleins

Alleins is a commune of 2,368 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Aubagne

Aubagne is a commune of 42,900 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Aureille

Aureille is a commune of 1,463 people (2007). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Auriol, Bouches-du-Rhône

Auriol is a commune of 11,057 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Aurons

Aurons is a commune of 515 people (1999). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Barben

La Barben is a commune of 649 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Barbentane

Barbentane is a commune of 3,660 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Ehrenbreitstein

Festung Ehrenbreitstein is a fortress. It was built on a mountain called Ehrenbreitstein on the right side of the Rhine opposite to the town of Koblenz in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.

It was built as part of the "Festung Koblenz" (Fortress Koblenz), by Prussia between 1817 and 1832 and guarded the middle Rhine region. This area had often been invaded by the French. The fortress was never attacked.


Les Baux-de-Provence

Les Baux-de-Provence is a commune of 381 people (2006). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Beaurecueil

Beaurecueil is a commune of 568 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Belcodène

Belcodène is a commune of 1,731 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Berre-l'Étang

Berre-l'Étang is a commune of 14,300 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Bouc-Bel-Air

Bouc-Bel-Air is a commune of 13,700 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Jeep

Jeep is a brand of American automobiles that is a division of FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group, LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The former Chrysler Corporation acquired the Jeep brand, along with the remaining assets of its owner American Motors, in 1987. Jeep's current product range consists solely of sport utility vehicles and off-road vehicles, but has also included pickup trucks in the past. 1941

The original Jeep was the prototype Bantam BRC. Willys MB Jeeps went into production in 1941 specifically for the military. Arguably that makes them the oldest four-wheel drive mass-production vehicles now known as SUVs. The Jeep became the primary light 4-wheel-drive vehicle of the United States Army and the Allies during World War II. It remained so in the postwar period. The term became common worldwide in the wake of the war. Doug Stewart notes:
The first civilian models were produced in 1945. It inspired a number of other light utility vehicles, such as the Land Rover. Many Jeep variants serving similar military and civilian roles have since been designed in other nations. In 2007 Jeep began manufacturing crossover SUVs with its Compass and Patriot models. This led to the 2013 Jeep Cherokee midsize crossover.

La Bouilladisse

La Bouilladisse is a commune of 4,904 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Boulbon

Boulbon is a commune of 1,510 people (1999). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cabannes, Bouches-du-Rhône

Cabannes is a commune of 4,119 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cabriès

Cabriès is a commune of 8,073 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cadolive

Cadolive is a commune of 2,087 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Carnoux-en-Provence

Carnoux-en-Provence is a commune of 7,042 people (1999). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Carry-le-Rouet

Carry-le-Rouet is a commune of 6,355 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cassis

Cassis is a commune of 7,766 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Ceyreste

Ceyreste is a commune of 4,034 people (2004). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Charleval, Bouches-du-Rhône

Charleval is a commune of 2,080 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Filipino language

Filipino is a form of the Tagalog language. It is the national language of the Philippines. About one third of the people in the Philippines speak Tagalog as a first language.
"Filipino" is used as the formal name of Tagalog. Sometimes it even means the same thing. It is usually called Tagalog in the Philippines and among Filipinos to show that it is different from other Philippine languages.

Châteauneuf-le-Rouge

Châteauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune of 2,070 people (as of 2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-les-Martigues

Châteauneuf-les-Martigues is a commune of 11,900 people (). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

During the feudal period, Châteauneuf was known for its castle, the Castrum Novum, mentioned as early as the 11th century. The village developed at the foot of the castle. Its Occitan name, Castèunòu dau Martegue, recalls its belonging to the category of medieval Castelnau (village or town founded in the Middle Ages near a castle).

Châteaurenard

Châteaurenard is a commune of 14,817 people (2008). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Ciotat

La Ciotat is a commune of 32,126 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cornillon-Confoux

Cornillon-Confoux is a commune of 1,327 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Coudoux

Coudoux is a commune of 3,352 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cuges-les-Pins

Cuges-les-Pins is a commune of 4,708 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Destrousse

La Destrousse is a commune of 2,736 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Éguilles

Éguilles is a commune of 7,544 people (2007). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Ensuès-la-Redonne

Ensuès-la-Redonne is a commune of 5,096 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Eygalières

Eygalières is a commune of 1,900 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Eyguières

Eyguières is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France. 6,312 people lived there in 2007.

Eyragues

Eyragues is a commune of 4,179 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Fare-les-Oliviers

La Fare-les-Oliviers is a commune of 6,334 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Fontvieille, Bouches-du-Rhône

Fos-sur-Mer

Fos-sur-Mer is a commune of 15,700 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Fuveau

Fuveau is a commune of 8,558 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Gardanne

Gardanne is a commune of 20,700 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Gémenos

Gémenos is a commune in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France. As of 1999, 5,481 people lived there.

Gignac-la-Nerthe

Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France. 9,140 people lived there in 2004.

Grans

Grans is a commune of 4,078 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Graveson

Graveson is a commune of 3,836 people (2008). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

The village is very attractive for holidaymakers, because it is located between Arles and Avignon. Neighbour villages are Châteaurenard, Maillane and Rognonas.

Graveson is birthplace of the painter Auguste Chabaud.

Gréasque

Gréasque is a commune of 3,705 people (2004). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Istres

Istres is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the south of France. About 45,000 people live there.

La fête des bergers (The shepherds' festival) is held at the end of November and beginning of December.

Jouques

Jouques is a commune of 3,321 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Lamanon

Lamanon is a commune of 1,713 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France. It's known because of the archaeological site of Grottes de Calès, a cave dwelling from prehistoric to medieval times.

Lambesc

Lambesc is a commune of 7,934 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Lançon-Provence

Lançon-Provence is a commune of 7,674 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Maillane

Maillane is a commune of 2,013 people (2004). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mallemort

Mallemort is a commune of 5,501 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Marignane

Marignane is a commune of 33,700 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mandaeism

Mandaeism or Mandaeanism is a monotheistic religion. The religion has a strong dualistic world view. Its followers, the Mandaeans, think highly of Adam, Abel, Seth, Enosh, Noah, Shem, Aram and especially John the Baptist. it is also called Nasoraeanism.

Originally, Mandaeism was practiced mainly in the countries around the lower Euphrates and Tigris and the rivers that surround the Shatt-al-Arab waterway. Today, this area belongs to Iraq and Khuzestan Province in Iran. There are thought to be between 60,000 and 70,000 Mandaeans worldwide. Until the 2003 Iraq war, almost all of them lived in Iraq. Because they were persecuted in that area, many Mandaeans left and now live abroad. This is commonly called diaspora. Some left for Europe, Australia and North America. The 2003 Iraq War reduced the population of Mandaeans in Iraq to about 5,000 by 2007. Most Iraqi Mandaeans fled to Syria and Jordan under the threat of violence by Islamic extremists and the turmoil of the war.

The Mandaeans have remained separate and intensely private—what has been reported of them and their religion has come primarily from outsiders, particularly from the Orientalists J. Heinrich Petermann, Nicholas Siouffi, and Lady Ethel Drower.

Mandeism is the religion of the Mandaean people. It is based on a common history and heritage. There is no fixed set of religious creeds and doctrines. A basic guide to Mandaean theology does not exist. The corpus of Mandaean literature is quite large. It also covers topics such as eschatology, the knowledge of God, and the afterlife. It only does this in an unsystematic manner. Apart from the priests, very few people know it. 

According to E.S. Drower, the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features, which also appear in various forms in other gnostic sects:

Mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation, and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world. They put a high priority on family life. Consequently, Mandaeans do not practice celibacy or asceticism. Mandaeans will, however, abstain from strong drink and red meat. They look forward to a future liberated from the influence of the Torah, which they consider to be evil in origin. While they agree with other gnostic sects that the world is a prison governed by the planetary archons, they do not view it as a cruel and inhospitable one.

The Mandaeans have many religious texts. The most important of them is the "Genzā Rabbā" or Ginza. The Ginza is a collection of history, theology, and prayers. The "Genzā Rabbā" is divided into two halves — the "Genzā Smālā" or "Left Ginza" and the "Genzā Yeminā" or "Right Ginza". 

Before the printing press was invented, people copied texts by hand. The people doing this were called scribes. Each person's handwriting is special in certain ways. This was the same with scribes. A scribe might join two letters in a certain way, or he might do the dots on those letters that have them in a special way. Jorunn J. Buckley looked at these special marks the copyists left in the Left Ginza. That way he was able to show that the copying of that text goes back to the to the late 2nd or early 3rd century AD. These special marks show that the Mandaeans existed during the late Arsacid period at the very latest. A legend called "Harrān Gāwetā" also strengthens this. According to this legend, the Mandaeans left Palestine after the destruction of Jerusalem in the 1st century AD and settled inside the Arsacid empire. Although the Ginza continued to evolve under the rule of the Sassanians and the Islamic empires, few textual traditions can lay claim to such extensive continuity.

Other important books include the "Qolastā", the "Canonical Prayerbook of the Mandaeans," which was translated by E.S. Drower. One of the most important works of Mandaean scripture is the "Draša d-Iahia" "the Book of John the Baptist". This book is accessible to both laymen and initiates. There are also many other religious texts such as ritual commentaries, which are generally only consulted by the members of the priesthood.

The language in which the Mandaean religious literature was originally written is known as Mandaic, and is a member of the Aramaic family of dialects. It is written in a cursive variant of the Parthian chancellory script. Most Mandaean lay people do not speak this language. Some members of the Mandaean community in Iran ( about 300-500 out of a total of about 5000 Iranian Mandaeans) continue to speak Neo-Mandaic, a modern version of this language.

Mandaeans have several prophets. Iahia or Iuhana "John the Baptist" has a special status, higher than his role in Christianity and Islam. Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion. They only worship him as one of their greatest teachers. They trace their beliefs back to Adam.

Mandaeans maintain that Jesus was a "mšiha kdaba" "false messiah" who changed the teachings given to him by John. The Mandaic word "k(a)daba", however, comes from two roots: the first root, meaning "to lie," is the one traditionally given to Jesus; the second, meaning "to write," might provide a second meaning, that of "book". Some Mandaeans, who are motivated perhaps by an ecumenical spirit, maintain that Jesus was not a "lying Messiah" but a "book Messiah". The "book" in question presumably being the Christian Gospels. This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts.

The Mandaeans believe that Abraham, Moses, and Muhammad were false prophets, but recognize other prophetic figures from the monotheistic traditions, such as Adam, his sons Hibil (Abel) and Šitil (Seth), and his grandson Anuš (Enosh), as well as Nuh (Noah), his son Sam (Shem) and his son Ram (Aram). The latter three they consider to be their direct ancestors.

There is a strict division between Mandaean laity and the priests. According to E.S. Drower ("The Secret Adam", p. ix):

There are three grades of priesthood in Mandaeism: the "tarmidia" "disciples" (Neo-Mandaic "tarmidānā"), the "ganzibria" "treasurers" (from Old Persian "ganza-bara" "id.", Neo-Mandaic ') and the "rišamma" "leader of the people." This last office, the highest level of the Mandaean priesthood, has lain vacant for many years. At the moment, the highest office currently occupied is that of the ', a title which appears first in a religious context in the Aramaic ritual texts from Persepolis ( 3rd century BCE) and which may be related to the "kamnaskires" (Elamite <qa-ap-nu-iš-ki-ra> "kapnuskir" "treasurer"), title of the rulers of Elymais (modern Khuzestan) during the Hellenistic age. Traditionally, any ' who baptizes seven or more ' may qualify for the office of "rišamma", though the Mandaean community has yet to rally as a whole behind any single candidate.

The contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19 century. In 1831, an outbreak of cholera devastated the region and eliminated most if not all of the Mandaean religious authorities. Two of the surviving acolytes ("šgandia"), Yahia Bihram and Ram Zihrun, reestablished the priesthood on the basis of their own training and the texts that were available to them.

According to the "Fihrist" of ibn al-Nadim, Mani, the founder of Manichaeism, was brought up within the Elkasaites ("Elcesaites" or "Elchasaite") sect. The Elkasaites were a Christian baptismal sect which may have been related to the Mandaeans. The members of this sect wore white and performed baptisms like the Mandaeans. They lived in east Judea and northern Mesopotamia. According to the "Harran Gawaitā" legend, the Mandaeans migrated to southern Mesopotamia from there. Mani left the Elkasaites to start his own religion. Mandaean scholar Säve-Söderberg showed that Mani's "Psalms of Thomas" were closely related to Mandaean texts. This would imply that Mani had access to Mandaean religious literature.

Other groups which have been identified with the Mandaeans include the "Nasoraeans", described by Epiphanius, and the Dositheans, mentioned by Theodore Bar Kōnī in his "Scholion". Ibn al-Nadim also mentions a group called the "Mughtasila", "the self-ablutionists," who may be identified with one or the other of these groups. The members of this sect, like the Mandaeans, wore white and performed baptisms.

It is difficult to say if groups such as the Elkasaites, the Mughtasila, the Nasoraeans, and the Dositheans are related to the Mandaeans or to one another. The names say that there are a number of different groups. Much of the teaching of these groups is secret. This makes it difficult to see the nature of these groups or the relationships between them.

Under Saddam Hussein, the Mandeans were recognised as a religious minority. Many of them are craftspeople, like smiths or traders of gold and silver. These people belonged to the middle classes. Since the change of government in Iraq, islamic extremists have harassed them. There are also reports of attacks on women who refuse to veil themselves. Most Iraqi Mandaeans have fled as a result, and the Mandaean community in Iraq faces extinction.

In Iran, Mandeans do not have a problem with violence, but they are prohibited from fully participating in civil life because of "Gozinesh" Law. This law and other "gozinesh" provisions require a "religious screening" for people who want to access employment, education, and a range of other areas. A very important part of this screening procedure is devotion to the tenets of Islam. These laws are regularly applied to discriminate against religious and ethnic groups that are not officially recognized, such as the Mandaeans.

There were over 60,000 Mandaeans in Iraq in the early 1990s. In 2007, only about 5,000 to 7,000 remain there; over 80% of Iraqi Mandaeans were refugees in Syria and Jordan. This is a result of the Iraq War. There are small Mandaean populations in Australia (c. 3,500 as of 2006), Canada, the USA (c. 1,500), the UK (c. 1,000) and Sweden (c. 5,000).

The current status of the Mandaeans has prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community. In 2007, the "New York Times" ran an op-ed in which Swarthmore professor Nathaniel Deutsch called for the Bush administration to take immediate action to preserve the community:


Substitution box

In cryptography, a S-Box ("Substitution-box") is a basic component of symmetric-key algorithms. In block ciphers, the S-Boxes are used to make the relation between the key and the ciphertext (coded text) difficult to understand–Shannon's property of confusion. The S-Boxes are carefully chosen to resist cryptanalysis (decoding).

In general, an S-Box takes some number of input bits, "m", and transforms them into some number of output bits, "n": an "m"×"n" S-Box can be implemented as a lookup table with 2 words of "n" bits each. Fixed tables are normally used, as in the Data Encryption Standard (DES), but in some ciphers the tables are generated dynamically from the key; e.g. the Blowfish and the Twofish encryption algorithms. Bruce Schneier describes IDEA's modular multiplication step as a key-dependent S-Box.

One good example is this 6×4-bit S-Box from DES (S):

Given a 6-bit input, the 4-bit output is found by selecting the row using the outer two bits, and the column using the inner four bits. For example, an input "011011" has outer bits "01" and inner bits "1101"; the corresponding output would be "1001".

The 8 S-Boxes of DES were the subject of intensive studies for many years cause of a concern that a method of bypassing the DES cipher to obtaining access to the plaintext–a "vulnerability" ("susceptibility") known only to its designers–might have been "planted" (inserted) in the cipher. In 1994, the S-Box design criteria were finally published by its designers after the public rediscovery of differential cryptanalysis, showing that they had been carefully tuned the design to increase resistance against differential cryptanalysis attacks. Other research had already indicated that even a very small modification to one of the 8 S-Box used by the DES could weaken it very much.

The design of good S-Boxes was the subject of a great amount of research; now much more is understood about their use in block ciphers than when the DES S-Boxes were released.




Martigues

Martigues is a commune of 46,200 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles

Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune of 373 people (1999). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Maussane-les-Alpilles

Maussane-les-Alpilles is a commune of 2,155 people (2004). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Meyrargues

Meyrargues is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France. 3,400 people lived there in 2006.

Meyreuil

Meyreuil is a commune of 4,450 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mimet

Mimet is a commune of 4,400 people (2004). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Miramas

Miramas is a commune of 23,800 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mollégès

Mollégès is a commune of 2,171 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Mouriès

Mouriès is a commune of 3,085 people (2008). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Noves

Noves is a commune of 4,845 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Orgon

Orgon is a commune of 2,913 people (2004). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Paradou

Paradou is a commune of 1,162 people (1999). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Pélissanne

Pélissanne is a commune of 9,268 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Les Pennes-Mirabeau

Les Pennes-Mirabeau is a commune of 19,043 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Penne-sur-Huveaune

La Penne-sur-Huveaune is a commune of 6,150 people (2008). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Peynier

Peynier is a commune of 2,900 people (2005). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Peypin

Peypin is a commune of 5,097 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Peyrolles-en-Provence

Peyrolles-en-Provence is a commune of 4,286 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Plan-de-Cuques

Plan-de-Cuques is a commune of 10,503 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Plan-d'Orgon

Plan-d'Orgon is a commune of 2,738 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Confusion and diffusion

In cryptography, confusion and diffusion are two properties of the operation of a secure cipher.

Confusion and diffusion were identified by Claude Elwood Shannon in his paper, "Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems" published in 1949. In Shannon's original definitions:

Diffusion is associated with the dependency of the output bits on the input bits. In a cipher with good diffusion, flipping an input bit should change each output bit with a probability of one half (this is termed the Strict Avalanche Criterion).

Substitution (a rule for replacing plaintext symbols by another) has been identified as a mechanism for primarily confusion (see S-box); on the other hand transposition using P-box (rearranging or swapping the order of symbols) is a technique for diffusion, although other mechanisms are also used in modern practice, such as linear transformations (e.g. in AES). Product ciphers use alternating substitution and transposition phases (rounds) to achieve both confusion and diffusion respectively.



Port-de-Bouc

Port-de-Bouc is a commune of 17,900 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône

Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône is a commune of 8,524 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Puyloubier

Puyloubier is a commune of 1,671 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade

Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France. 5,112 people lived there in (2006).

Rognac

Rognac is a commune of 11,900 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Rognes, Bouches-du-Rhône

Rognes is a commune of 4,194 people (1999). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Rognonas

Rognonas is a commune of 3,623 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

La Roque-d'Anthéron

La Roque-d'Anthéron is a commune of 4,722 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems

Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems is a paper published by Claude Shannon discussing cryptography from the viewpoint of information theory. It is one of the "foundational treatments" ("primitives") of modern cryptography. It is also a proof that all theoretically "unbreakable" ("un-crack-able") ciphers must have the same requirements as the one-time pad encryption algorithm.

Shannon published an earlier version of this research in the classified report A Mathematical Theory of Cryptography, Memorandum MM 45-110-02, Sept. 1, 1945, Bell Laboratories.

In 1948, Shannon published his great paper "A Mathematical Theory of Communication" which is considered one of the founding works of the field of information theory.



Come as You Are (Nirvana song)

"Come as You Are" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana. It was the second single from their second album, "Nevermind", the first was the enormously popular "Smells Like Teen Spirit". It is one of the band's most famous songs. "Rolling Stone" magazine named it as the 445th on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

There was a music video for the song. It has a lot of random scenes, such as Kurt Cobain sitting on a chandelier hanging from a ceiling, a handgun floating in a swimming pool, and a baby swimming in that pool (a reference to the cover art of "Nevermind".)

After the single was released, the English post-punk band Killing Joke became angry at Nirvana for supposedly ripping off their song "Eighties".

Nirvana thought that "Smells Like Teen Spirit", the previous single from "Nevermind", would not be very popular, and that "Come as You Are" would be a big hit. However, "Smells Like Teen Spirit" became the band's most famous song and one of the most famous songs ever, even though Come as You Are was also popular.

On November 18, 1993, Nirvana played "Come as You Are" on their show on MTV Unplugged. The show contained mostly their unpopular songs and covers of other artists' songs; "Come as You Are" was the only hit they played.

International Data Encryption Algorithm

In cryptography, the International Data Encryption Algorithm (IDEA) is a block cipher designed by Xuejia Lai and James Massey of ETH Zurich in 1991. It was meant to be a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard. IDEA is very like an earlier cipher called Proposed Encryption Standard (PES), but with some improvements. Because of this, IDEA was first called IPES (Improved PES).

The cipher is patented in a number of countries but can be used by anyone for non-commercial use. The name "IDEA" is also a trademark. The patents expired in 2010–2011. IDEA was licensed worldwide by a company called MediaCrypt.

IDEA was used in Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) v2.0 after the cipher used in v1.0, BassOmatic, was found to be breakable. IDEA can be used with the OpenPGP standard.

IDEA operates on 64-bit blocks, using a 128-bit key. It contains a series of eight identical transformations ("rounds") and one output transformation (the "half-round"). It does this for a total of 8.5 rounds. The processes for encryption and decryption are similar.

IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups — modular addition and multiplication, and bitwise eXclusive OR (XOR) — which are chosen to be "algebraically incompatible".

Each of the eight round uses six sub-keys, while the half-round uses four; for a total of 52 sub-keys. Each sub-key is a 16-bit in length. The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the 128-bit key, with K1 being the lowest sixteen bits and K8 is the highest sixteen bits; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits after the creation of the previous group; six rotations generate all sub-keys.

The designers analyzed IDEA to measure its strength against differential cryptanalysis and concluded that it is unsusceptible only under certain assumptions. No successful linear or differential attacks have been reported. Some classes of weak keys have been found — E.g. (Daemen "et al.", 1994) — but these are of little importance, being so rare to be explicitly avoided. As of 2007, the best attack which applies to all keys can break IDEA if reduced to 6 rounds (the full IDEA cipher uses 8.5 rounds).

In 1996, Bruce Schneier wrote about IDEA, "In my opinion, it is the best and most secure block algorithm available to the public at this time." ("Applied Cryptography", 2nd ed.) However, by 1999 he was no longer recommending IDEA due to the availability of faster cryptographic algorithms, some progress in its cryptanalysis, and the issue of patents. 



Luduş

Luduş (German: "Ludasch", Hungarian: "Marosludas") is a town in Mureş County, Romania. It is the fourth biggest city in the county by population. The name of the town in Hungarian means "gooses at Maros"

2008 Yemen floods

The 2008 Yemen floods took place on October 23, leaving 65 dead and 20,000 without shelter. The Yemeni governorates of Hadhramaut, Lahij, Al Mahrah and Ta'izz were affected the worst by the floods, and most of the deaths were in Hadhramaut.

Before the flooding was several days of rain starting on October 23, as the remains of a tropical cyclone moved over the area. Rain continued, with weather systems coming in from neighbouring Saudi Arabia and northern Somalia, causing severe flooding in some areas of Yemen. Better conditions are expected by Sunday.

Thousands of families fled Hadhramaut alone; many schools were used as evacuee shelters, but these could only hold 10% of the affected. Search and rescue teams said that the number of deaths may increase due to the likelihood of people trapped in flooded houses. Electricity and telephone lines were cut off, and many homes were damaged.

The Yemeni government promised to supply tents as a means of emergency shelter, along with other emergency supplies, with six transport aircraft loaded with supplies taking off from Sanaa on Saturday and more scheduled for later. President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered the creation of a committee to provide aid to affected civilians. Also, the United Arab Emirates declared their intent to provide relief. However, several residents in the city of Shibam say that government assistance and support, if any, is low.

The Organisation of the Islamic Conference declared the situation a "national catastrophe" and started a drive on Saturday to collect funds for the relief of flood victims.

Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh said, "The damages... are great and the catastrophe is also great."

Along with deaths, about 730 homes were destroyed, along with businesses and other building projects. The severe thunder of the thunderstorms resulted in at least nine deaths from lightning in the Al Mahrah, Ta'izz and Lahij governorates. The rain also destroyed large amounts of farmland and killed large numbers of livestock.

Alexander Ramsey

Alexander Ramsey (September 8, 1815– April 22, 1903) was an American politician. He was born near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

Ramsey was elected from Pennsylvania as a Whig to the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the 28th and 29th congresses from March 4, 1843 to March 3, 1847. He served as the first Territorial Governor of Minnesota June 1, 1849 to May 15, 1853 as a member of the Whig Party.
In 1855, he became the mayor of St. Paul, Minnesota. Ramsey was elected the second Governor of Minnesota after statehood and served from January 2, 1860 to July 10, 1863. Ramsey is credited with being the first Union governor to commit troops during the American Civil War (he happened to be in Washington, D.C. when fighting broke out). He resigned the governorship to become a U.S. Senator, having been elected to that post in 1863 as a Republican. He was re-elected in 1869 and held the office until March 3, 1875, serving in the 38th, 39th, 40th, 41st, 42nd, and 43rd congresses.

Ramsey served as Secretary of War from 1879 to 1881, under President Rutherford B. Hayes.

The Minnesota Historical Society preserves his home as a museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. Alexander Ramsey Park, located in Redwood Falls, Minnesota, is the largest municipal park in Minnesota. Ramsey County, Minnesota, Ramsey County, North Dakota, the city of Ramsey, Minnesota, the city of Ramsey, Illinois, Ramsey Park in Stillwater, Minnesota, and Alexander Ramsey Elementary School in Montevideo, Minnesota are also named for him.

Lounge Act

"Lounge Act" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana. It was the ninth song on their second studio album, "Nevermind", which is credited with bring grunge music to the mainstream. The song is much like the post-grunge songs that were very popular starting in the mid-1990s, after Nirvana broke up.

The title "Lounge Act" came from when the band thought it sounded like a song they would play in a lounge.

It is one of the songs in the soundtrack of the video game "Skate.", a skateboarding video game from 2007 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.

Hurricane Dean

Hurricane Dean was the strongest tropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was also the strongest Atlantic hurricane since Hurricane Wilma of 2005. Also, it made the third strongest Atlantic hurricane landfall. Dean moved west-northwest from the eastern Atlantic Ocean through the Saint Lucia Channel and into the Caribbean Sea. It became into a very strong hurricane, reaching Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale before moving south of Jamaica on August 20. The storm moved onto land on the Yucatán Peninsula on August 21 as a Category 5 storm. It moved across the peninsula and entered the Bay of Campeche, as a weakened storm, but still a hurricane. It strengthened for a short time before making a second landfall in Veracruz near Tecolutla, Mexico, on August 22. Dean slowly moved to the northwest, weakening into a low pressure area which dissipated over the southwestern United States.

The hurricane's strong winds, waves, rains and storm surge caused over 45 deaths across ten countries and caused estimated damages of US$1.5 billion. First impacting the islands of the Lesser Antilles, Dean's path through the Caribbean severely damaged agricultural crops, especially those of Martinique and Jamaica. When it reached Mexico, Hurricane Dean was a Category 5 storm, but it missed large cities and its exceptional Category 5 strength landfall caused no deaths and less damage than in the Caribbean islands it passed as a Category 2 storm. Because of the damage, the name "Dean" was retired, and will not be used again for a tropical cyclone.


Amazon basin

The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its branches. It is low-lying in relation to sea level.

The river has its origins high up in the Andes of Peru and Ecuador. Most of this drainage basin (54%) is in Brazil, including the lower part, other portions are parts of Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Columbia and a small part of Venezuela. The river also has tributaries from Colombia, Venezuela and Bolivia. The Amazon rainforest is the largest in the world, covering about 8,235,430 km with dense tropical forest. Most of the basin is covered by the Amazon rainforest, also known as Amazonia.

The Amazon Basin is one of the world's most important ecosystems. 

Bixa orellana

Bixa orellana (also known as achiote) is a shrub or small tree from the tropical area of the American continent. The name comes from the Nahuatl word for the shrub, "achiotl". It is also known as Aploppas, and its first Tupi name "urucu". It is grown there and in Southeast Asia, where it was brought by the Spanish in the 17th century. It is best known as the source of the natural pigment annatto, made from the fruit. The plant bears pink flowers and bright red spiny fruits which contain red seeds. The fruits dry and harden to brown capsules.

Xochiquetzal

In Aztec mythology, Xoːchiquetzal () was a goddess of flowers, fertility, games, dancing and agriculture (planting and harvesting), as well as craftsmen and pregnant women. She was first a moon and love goddess.

Tlatoani

Tlatoani ( ; plural ', ) is the Nahuatl word for the ruler of an "altepetl", a pre-Hispanic state. The word means "speaker", but may be translated into English as "king". A ' () is a female ruler.

José de Acosta

José de Acosta (September/October 1539 – February 15 1600), was a Spanish 16th-century Jesuit missionary and naturalist in Latin America. He wrote several works including and .

Catarrh

Catarrh () is a thick fluid of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head because of an infection. It is a symptom usually from the common cold and coughs, but can also be found in people with infections of the adenoids, middle ear, sinus or tonsils.

Upper class

Upper class is an idea in sociology. It refers to the group of people at the top of a society. They are the wealthiest group of society. Members of an upper class often have great power over resources and governmental policy in their area. They may have acquired these things by inheritance, for example by being monarchs or aristocrats, or by commerce. They may own much land or other valuable property, and may spend much of their income on luxury goods such as yachts and mansions.

Chocolate bar

A chocolate bar is a confectionery made of cocoa beans, cocoa butter, sugar, and milk. There are many types of chocolate, including milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, and many more. 

Chocolate has a lot of calories, so it can give a person energy. However, most chocolate also has a lot of sugar.

Chocolate comes from the cacao tree. Cocoa pods grow on these trees. They get about as big as a melon. Once they are ripe, they turn from green to orange. Then workers can split them open and take out cocoa beans. Factories use machines to break down the cocoa beans into cocoa butter and chocolate. Then they add sugar and milk to make the chocolate taste better.

Cocoa farmers are some of the poorest people in the world. Many of them earn very little money.

Veracruz, Veracruz

The city of Veracruz is an important port city on the Gulf of Mexico in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It has a population of 444,438 in the city according to the 2005 census.

Hans Sloane

Sir Hans Sloane, 1st Baronet, PRS (16 April, 1660 – 11 January, 1753) was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector. He donated his collection to the British nation. This collection became the beginning of the British Museum. He also created milk chocolate. Sloane Square in London is named for him.

Royal College of Physicians

The Royal College of Physicians of London was the first medical group in England to receive a Royal Charter. It was created in 1518 and is one of the most active of all medical groups. It was originally created as the College of Physicians by royal charter of King Henry VIII in 1518.

Coenraad Johannes van Houten

Coenraad Johannes van Houten (March 15, 1801 – 1887) was a Dutch chemist. He was known for creating a method for pressing the fat from roasted cacao beans to create cacao powder. He started a world-famous chocolate company.

Cocoa butter

Cocoa butter, also called theobroma oil, is the pale-yellow, pure vegetable fat of the cacao bean. It is used to make solid chocolate bars, and mixed with cocoa powder to make solid pieces of chocolate. Cocoa butter is removed from the cacao beans and can be used to make chocolate, pharmaceuticals, ointments, and toiletries. Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and smell. It is one of the most stable fats known.

Pietro Longhi

Pietro Longhi (November 5, 1701 – May 8, 1785) was a Venetian painter of contemporary scenes of life.


Alex Turner

Alex Turner (born 6 January 1986) is a British musician. He is the lead singer and guitarist of the Arctic Monkeys. He is also a member of The Last Shadow Puppets. He was born and raised in Sheffield. His father was a music teacher and his mother was a German teacher.

The Arctic Monkeys have released 7 studio albums. The first was "Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not". The second was "Favourite Worst Nightmare". The third was "Humbug". The fourth was "Suck It and See", which was released late in 2011. The fifth was "AM", which was released in 2013. "Tranquillity Base, Hotel & Casino" was released in 2018, and “The Car” in 2022.

Dodge

Dodge is an American automobile, SUV and truck maker. They are based in Auburn Hills, Michigan. Dodge was created by brothers Horace and John Dodge in 1900. Dodge was sold to Chrysler in 1928. In 2010 Dodge announced it would spin-off the Ram division making it its own brand. 1900


Ordered pair

In mathematics, an "ordered pair" is a collection of two objects, where one of the objects is first (the "first coordinate" or "left projection"), and the other is second (the "second coordinate" or "right projection"). An ordered pair where the first coordinate is formula_1 and the second coordinate is formula_2 is usually written formula_3 (sometimes it is written formula_4). If formula_1 is different from formula_2, then the ordered pair formula_3 is different from the ordered pair formula_8 - this is why it is called "ordered".

If formula_9 and formula_10 are two ordered pairs, then the "characteristic" or "defining" property of ordered pairs is:

This means that two ordered pairs are equal if and only if: the first coordinates of the pairs are equal, and also the second coordinates of the pairs are equal.

There are many mathematical definitions of "ordered pair" which have this property. The definition given here is the most common one:

Kazimierz Kuratowski was the first person to make this definition.

Arts and crafts

Arts and crafts describes a wide variety of activities involving making things with one's own hands. Arts and crafts is usually a hobby. Some crafts (art skills) have been practised since preshistoric times, others are more recent inventions. William Morris, John Ruskin and others promoted an "arts and crafts" movement in the late 19th century, which popularized the phrase.

Both children and adults enjoy arts and crafts. Children in schools may learn skills such as woodworking, wood carving, sewing, or making things with all sorts of material. Many community centres and schools have evening or day classes and workshops where one can learn arts and craft skills 





Chrysler

Stellantis North America, (officially FCA US, LLC) and formerly Chrysler Corporation is a car manufacturer based in the United States. They are one of the oldest car manufacturers in the world. They own other car companies such as Dodge, Jeep, and Ram Trucks. 1925

Chrysler Corporation was created by Walter P. Chrysler in 1925 when he renamed the Maxwell Motor Company. From 1998 to 2007, Chrysler was part of DiamlerChrysler, a large German company. Then it was owned by Cerberus Capital Management. Chrysler declared Chapter 11 Bankruptcy on August 30, 2009. In 1978 Lee Iacocca left Ford Motor Company to become president and CEO of Chrysler Corporation in 1978. In 1979 Lee Iacocca added the title of chairman, until his retirement in 1992. In 1979, Chrysler Corporation had financial problems. They got 1.5 billion dollars from the U.S. government. Then, Chrysler Corporation created the K-car platform, invented the minivan, and sold many trucks to the army. Chrysler Corporation acquired American Motors in 1988, and rebranded the auto company as Eagle. They slowly recovered. Chrysler is currently owned by Italian automotive Fiat, the two companies merged forming Fiat Chrysler Automobiles or FCA for short. FCA in 2020 merged with the PSA group to form Stellantis. The company still trades as Chrysler in the United States.

At its peak, Chrysler owned Dodge, Jeep, Plymouth, DeSoto, Valiant, Imperial, and Eagle (AMC). Only Chrysler, Dodge, and Jeep survived. In 2010 Chrysler announced it would spin the Ram Trucks off into its own division and Dodge would focus on performance status.



Nazia Hassan

Nazia Hassan () singer (April 3, 1965 - August 31, 2000) and Zohaib Hassan (), (born November 18, 1966) were a singing sensation and pioneers of the Pakistani pop music scene during the 1980s.

Bilawal Bhutto Zardari

Bilawal Bhutto Zardari () (born 21 September 1988) is co-chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), and the eldest child and only son of the late Pakistani politician and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and her husband Asif Ali Zardari, the former President of Pakistan. Chairman Bhutto Zardari is also the grandson of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, a former Prime Minister of Pakistan. After completing his studies from the United Kingdom in 2013, Bilawal took over the formal charge of the PPP and made changes in it. 

In the 2018 general election, he ran for Prime Minister of Pakistan but ended in third place loosing to Imran Khan.

Ijaz-ul-Haq

Muhammad Ijaz-ul-Haq (, born 20 February 1952) is a prominent Pakistani politician and former Federal Minister for Religious Affairs of Pakistan.

Haq joined the Pakistan Army in 1971. He entered Pakistani politics following the 1988 death of his father, the military dictator and self-appointed President of Pakistan General Zia-ul-Haq.

Zille Huma

Zille Huma () is the daughter of the late Melody Queen Madam Noor Jehan and the only one of her four daughters to follow in her mother's footsteps. Today, she is a popular Pakistani pop singer.

Sonya Jehan

Sonya Jehan is a French-Pakistani Bollywood actress. Jehan's first movie was "" in 2005. Her original name was Sonya Rizvi. She changed it to Jehan to honor her grandmother, Noor Jehan, who is a legendary singer and Lollywood actress. 

Aga Khan III

Sir Sultan Muhammed Shah, Aga Khan III, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, GCVO, PC (2 November 1877–11 July 1957) was the 48th Imam of the Nizari Ismaili sect of Islam. 

He became Imam at a very young age. He was seven years old when his father, Aga Khan II, died in 1885. He was one of the founders and the first president of the All-India Muslim League, and served as President of the League of Nations from 1937-38.

He was born in Karachi, in what was British India. He was given a religious education, and also a European education. He attended Eton and Cambridge University, and was a frequent visitor to Britain. 

His followers celebrated his anniversaries as Imam in 1937, 1946 and 1954 by weighing him in gold, diamonds and platinum. The proceeds were spent on welfare and development in Asia and Africa. Girls schools were set up in the remote northern areas of what is now Pakistan. He was knighted by Queen Victoria, and later made a member of the Privy Council.

At the end of his life, Sir Sultan Mohammed did a remarkable thing. In his will, he disinherited his son, Aly Khan, in favour of his grandson, Karim. So the next Khan, Aga Khan IV, was a younger man better suited to the modern world.

The Aga Khan married four times:

The Aga Khan's mausoleum is near the Nile at Aswan, Egypt.

Iran–Pakistan barrier

The Iran-Pakistan barrier is a separation barrier which Iran has started building along its border with Pakistan replacing an intermittent tattered border fence.

William Sterndale Bennett

Sir William Sterndale Bennett (born Sheffield, 13 April 1816; died London, 1 February 1875) was a distinguished English composer of the Romantic period.

Bennett's father Robert Bennett, was organist of what is now Sheffield Cathedral. At the age of three he was an orphan, so he was brought up by his grandfather in Cambridge. At the age of seven he became a chorister at King's College Chapel Choir. In 1826 he entered the Royal Academy of Music, where he spent ten years studying. His piano teachers were W. H. Holmes, Dr William Crotch and later Cipriani Potter 

In 1833 he was made organist of St Anne's Church, Wandsworth and in that same year met Felix Mendelssohn who invited him to Germany. He went there four times, making long tours. He was welcomed and admired by famous musicians including Mendelssohn and Robert Schumann. Schumann later dedicated his "Symphonic Studies" to Bennett. He also often performed at the Leipzig Gewandhaus.

Although he knew the works of Bach and Mozart very well, many of his compositions were clearly influenced by Mendelssohn. As well as being known as one of Europe's most brilliant pianists, his music was well known for its new ideas, excitement and poetic beauty. His compositions include four overtures, six piano concertos, four symphonies, a chamber trio, sextet, several piano works and two song cycles to be followed later in life by a cello duo, a late Symphony in G minor, a Cantata The May Queen for the opening of Leeds Town Hall in 1858, and an oratorio The Woman of Samaria for the 1867 Birmingham Triennial Music Festival.
Of his 80 published compositions, nearly half are now available on CD, the most popular being the Overture "The Naiades Op 15", the "Chamber Trio Op 26" and the "Piano concerto No 4 in F minor Op 19".

From 1844 for fifteen years he organized the popular Chamber Music Concerts in the Queen's Concert Rooms, Hanover Square in London introducing a number of famous soloists to the British public. In 1848 he became a founding Director of Queen's College London and in the following year of Bedford College, now part of London University. In this way he helped women to get equal opportunity in education. 

In 1849 he formed the Bach Society (later to be reformed as the Bach Choir) in London to produce and conduct the first English performance of Bach's "St Matthew Passion" on 6 April 1854.

In 1856 he succeeded Wagner as conductor of the Philharmonic Society Orchestra. He was the first person to be given their Gold Medal. In 1866 he was chosen to be Professor of Music at Cambridge University having got an MA and Mus Doc. From 1866 until his death he was Principal of the Royal Academy of Music. A scholarship and Prize in his name continues to be awarded to this day. In 1870 Oxford University gave him an Hon DCL and a year later he was knighted. 

He died on 1st February 1875 and is buried in Westminster Abbey.

Several of his family later became well known in music and theatre. Bennett left a large music library which is now at the Bodleian Library in collaboration with his great-great-grandson Barry Sterndale-Bennett (b 1939) which continues to be available for research purposes.

See: The Life of Sterndale Bennett by JR Sterndale Bennett (Cambridge University Press 1907) and William Sterndale Bennett- a Descriptive Thematic Catalogue by Rosemary Williamson (Clarendon Press 1996) 

Grand Trunk Road

The Grand Trunk Road (commonly abbreviated to GT Road) is one of South Asia's oldest and longest major roads. For several centuries, it has linked the eastern and western regions of the Indian subcontinent, running from Bengal, across north Republic of India, into Peshawar in Pakistan.

It was built by Sher Shah Suri and is also known as ""Sadak E Sher Shah" named" after him. 

Space-time tradeoff

In computer science, a space-time or time-memory tradeoff is a way of solving a problem or calculation in less time by using more storage space (or memory), or by solving a problem in very little space by spending a long time. Most computers have a large amount of space, but not infinite space. Most people are willing to wait a little while for a big calculation, but not forever. So if a problem is taking a long time but not much memory, a space-time tradeoff would use more memory and solve the problem more quickly. 

The most common condition is an algorithm using a lookup table. This means that the answers for some question for every possible value can be written down. One way of solving this problem is to write down the entire lookup table, which will find answers very quickly, but will use a lot of space. Another way is to calculate the answers without writing down anything, which uses very little space, but might take a long time.

A space-time tradeoff can be used with the problem of data storage. If data is stored uncompressed, it takes more space but less time than if the data were stored compressed (since compressing the data decreases the amount of space it takes, but it takes time to run the compression algorithm). 

Larger code size can be used to increase program speed when using . This technique makes the program code longer for each iteration of a loop, but saves the computation time needed for jumping back to the beginning of the loop at the end of each iteration. 

In the field of cryptography, using space-time tradeoff, the attacker is decreasing the exponential time required for a brute force attack. use partially precomputed values in the hash space of a cryptographic hash function to crack passwords in minutes instead of weeks. Decreasing the size of the rainbow table increases the time required to iterate over the hash space. The meet-in-the-middle attack attack uses a space-time tradeoff to find the cryptographic key in only formula_1 encryptions (and formula_2 space) compared to the expected formula_3 encryptions (but only formula_4 space) of the normal attack. 

Dynamic programming is another example where the time of solving problems can be decreased by using more memory.


Substitution-permutation network

In cryptography, an SP-network, or substitution-permutation network (SPN), is a series of linked mathematical operations used in block cipher algorithms such as AES.

These networks consist of S-boxes and P-boxes that transform blocks of input bits into output bits. 

S-boxes substitute or transform input bits into output bits. A good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits. It will also have the property that each output bit will depend on every input bit. P-boxes permute or rearrange bits across S-box inputs. In addition, at each "round" the key is combined using some group operation, typically XOR.



Square (cipher)

In cryptography, Square (sometimes written S) is a block cipher invented by Joan Daemen, Enrique Peña Nieto and Vincent Rijmen. The design was published in 1997.

S is a predecessor to the Rijndael algorithm, which was adopted in 2001 as the Advanced Encryption Standard by the U.S. government. 

Square was introduced together with a new form of cryptanalysis discovered by Lars Knudsen, called the "Square attack".

The structure of Square is a substitution-permutation network with eight rounds, operating on 128-bit block size and using a 128-bit key size.

Square is not patented.


Permutation box

In cryptography, a permutation box (or P-box) is a method of bit-shuffling used to permute or transpose bits (rearrange or swap the order of bits) across S-boxes inputs, maintaining diffusion while transposing.

In block ciphers, the S-boxes and P-Boxes are used to make the relation between the plaintext and the ciphertext difficult to understand (see Shannon's property of diffusion).


Carnivorous plant

Carnivorous plants are plants which get nutrients from trapping and eating animals. They are often called insectivorous plants, because they usually trap insects. Since they get some of their food from animals, carnivorous plants can grow in places where the soil is thin, or poor in nutrients. This is true for soils with little nitrogen, such as acidic bogs and rock outcrops. Charles Darwin wrote the first well-known book on carnivorous plants in 1875.

This ability of plants to catch animals is true carnivory. There are more than twelve genera in five families. These include about 625 species that attract and trap prey, produce digestive enzymes, and use their nutrients. In addition, there are more than 300 species in several genera that show some but not all of these characteristics. These are usually called "protocarnivorous plants".

Insectivorous plants have leaves that are made like pitchers or bladders which catch insects. Today, five different ways of trapping are known:

These traps are all classified as "active" or "passive". "Triphyophyllum" is a liana (a climber in tropical forests). It has three types of leaves. When needed, it puts out long leaves. These are passive 'flypapers' which hide mucus. The leaves of the plant do not grow or move as a response to moving prey. The Sundew "Drosera", on the other hand, is an active flypaper. All species of Sundew are able to move their sticky tentacles in response to a contact. The tentacles are very sensitive and will bend toward the center of the leaf in order to bring the insect into contact with as many stalked glands as possible. According to Darwin, the touch of legs of a small gnat with a single tentacle is enough to cause this response. This helps the catch and digestion of prey.

The Venus flytrap, "Dionaea muscipula", is one of a very small group of plants able to move fast. When an insect or spider crawls along the leaves and touches a hair, the trap closes "only if a different hair is contacted within twenty seconds of the first touch". The two-touch trigger avoids wasting energy on objects with no food value.

A carnivorous plant must attract, kill and digest prey. It must then also benefit from digesting the prey. In most cases, this will yield amino acids and ammonium ions. There are some cases, where plants catch the prey, but they do not digest it. Rather, they have a symbiosis with another organism, which feeds on the prey. One such case is the species of the sundew "Roridula", which forms a symbiosis with the assassin bug. The bugs eat the trapped insects. The plant benefits from the nutrients in the bugs' faeces.

Few fossil carnivorous plants have been found, and then usually as seed or pollen. Carnivorous plants are generally herbs, without wood or bark. True carnivoury has probably evolved independently at least six times. 
Some think all trap types have a similar basic structure—the hairy leaf. Hairy leaves do catch and hold drops of rainwater, which helps bacterial growth. Insects land on the leaf, are caught by the surface tension of the water, and suffocate. Bacteria start to decay the insect, and release nutrients from the corpse. The plant then absorbs the nutrients through its leaves. This 'leaf feeding' can be found in many non-carnivorous plants. Plants that were better at holding water and insects therefore had a selective advantage. Rainwater can be retained by cupping the leaf, leading to pitfall traps. Alternatively, insects can be caught by making the leaf stickier, leading to flypaper traps.

Joe Kinnear

Joe Kinnear is a former football player. He has played for the Republic of Ireland national team. He also coaches football. 

211||2
211||2

!Total||26||0

Matt Busby

Sir Alexander Matthew Busby was a Scottish footballer and football manager. He played for Scotland national team. Busby managed Manchester United and led them to great success. Many people believe that Busby is one of the greatest football managers of all time.

As a player, Busby played for Manchester City and Liverpool. After his playing career, he went to manage Manchester United and built a great team called the Busby Babes. Eight of those players died in an airplane accident in Munich. This accident was called the Munich air disaster. But Busby again built a winning team after the disaster. He spent 25 years with Manchester United and won 13 trophies.

322||14||31||3||353||17
322||14||31||3||353||17

!Total||1||0

Brett Emerton

Brett Michael Emerton (born 22 February 1979) is an Australian former professional footballer who played for Sydney Olympic, Sydney FC, Feyenoord Rotterdam, Blackburn Rovers and the Australia national team.

Feyenoord

Australia

Individual


David Rocastle

David Rocastle was a football player. He played for the England national team.

325||27
325||27

!Total||14||0

Fazilka

Fazilka () is a city and a municipal council in Ferozpur District of the Punjab (India), 11 km from Pakistan border.

Flag of Azerbaijan

The flag of Azerbaijan () is one of the national symbols of Azerbaijan and consists of three equal horizontal bands, from top: blue, red, and green; a white crescent and an eight-pointed star are centered in the red band. The official colours and size were adopted on February 5, 1991. The flag is used on land as the civil, state and war flag, and at sea as the civil, state and naval ensign and naval jack. The specific shades of the national flag were laid out in a 2004 law.

Coat of arms of Azerbaijan

The Coat of arms of Azerbaijan mixes traditional and modern symbols. The focal point of the emblem is the fire symbol. This symbol comes from the fact that Azerbaijan has many everlasting fires which also gives the name "land of eternal fire".
The colors used in composing the emblem are taken from the national flag. These colors are found in the background behind the eight pointed star (۞ Rub El Hizb) upon which the flame is shown. The star itself stands for the eight branches of the Turkic peoples, and between each point of the star, there is a smaller eight pointed star found. 

Like other post-Soviet republics whose arms do not predate the October Revolution, the current arms retains some components of the Soviet one. At the bottom of the emblem is a stalk of wheat, representing the main agricultural product of the nation, which was also part of the earlier arms. The other plant represented at the bottom is oak.

Roquefort-la-Bédoule

Roquefort-la-Bédoule is a commune of 5,016 people (2006). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Roquevaire

Roquevaire is a commune of 8,299 people (2005). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Rousset, Bouches-du-Rhône

Rousset is a commune of 4,025 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Le Rove

Le Rove is a commune of 4,070 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Andiol

Saint-Andiol is a commune of 3,138 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Antonin-sur-Bayon

Saint-Antonin-sur-Bayon is a commune of 137 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Cannat

Saint-Cannat is a commune of 4,684 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Chamas

Saint-Chamas is a commune of 7,268 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer

Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer is a commune of 2,478 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Estève-Janson

Saint-Estève-Janson is a commune of 342 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Étienne-du-Grès

Saint-Étienne-du-Grès is a commune of 2,111 people (2006). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde

Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde is a commune of 1,093 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-de-Crau

Saint-Martin-de-Crau is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts

Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts is a commune of 5,458 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Paul-lès-Durance

Saint-Paul-lès-Durance is a commune of 928 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues

Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues is a commune of 250 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Rémy-de-Provence

Saint-Rémy-de-Provence is a commune of 10,251 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Savournin

Saint-Savournin is a commune of 2,577 people (2002). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Victoret

Saint-Victoret is a commune of 6,530 people (2007). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Salon-de-Provence

Salon-de-Provence is a commune of 40,100 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.


Sausset-les-Pins

Sausset-les-Pins is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.



Sénas

Sénas is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.


Septèmes-les-Vallons

Septèmes-les-Vallons is a commune of 10,202 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Simiane-Collongue

Simiane-Collongue is a commune of 5,570 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Le Tholonet

Le Tholonet is a commune of 2,267 people (1999). It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Trets

Trets is a commune of 10,709 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Vauvenargues, Bouches-du-Rhône

Vauvenargues is a commune of 896 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Velaux

Velaux is a commune of 8,305 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Venelles

Venelles is a commune of 8,156 people (2006). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Ventabren

Ventabren is a commune of 8,431 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Vernègues

Vernègues is a commune of 1,256 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Verquières

Verquières is a commune of 786 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Vitrolles, Bouches-du-Rhône

Vitrolles (also known as Vitròla or Vitrolo) is a commune of 37,760 people (2002). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Alphonse Daudet

Alphonse Daudet (13 May 1840 – 16 December 1897) was a French novelist. He was the father of Léon Daudet and Lucien Daudet. Outside France he is probably best known for his novel "Tartarin de Tarrascon". Daudet died of syphilis.

Gustave Flaubert

Gustave Flaubert ( in French) (12 December 1821 – 8 May 1880) was a French writer. He is known especially for his first published novel, "Madame Bovary" (1857) and a historical novel "Salmmbô" (1862). He was very devoted to what he did, and always looked for the word that would best fit the context. He died of a cerebral hemorrhage.


Roquefort

Roquefort can refer to:

It is also the name of many different French communes:

Roquefort, Gers

Roquefort is a commune of 230 people (1999). It is located in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Gers department in the southwest of France.

Roquefort, Landes

Roquefort is a commune of 1,894 people (1999). It is in the region Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France.

Lookup table

In computer science, a lookup table is a data structure, usually an array or associative array, used to replace a runtime computation (calculation) with a simple array indexing operation. The main purpose is in saving run time since retrieving a value from memory is often faster than undergoing a time consuming computation (see Space-time tradeoff). Lookup tables are also used to validate input values by matching against a list of valid (or invalid) items in an array.


Roquefort, Lot-et-Garonne

Roquefort is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.


Roquefort-sur-Soulzon

Roquefort-sur-Soulzon is a commune of 691 people (2007). It is in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Aveyron department in the south of France. It is famous for its cheese (named after the village).

Corn, Lot

Corn is a commune of 157 people (1999). It is located in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Lot department in the south of France. The commune of "Roquefort" was attached to it.

Roquefort-de-Sault

Roquefort-de-Sault is a commune of 113 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Roquefort-des-Corbières

Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune of 664 people (1999). It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon in the Aude department in the south of France.

Roquefort-les-Cascades

Roquefort-les-Cascades is a commune of 107 people (1999). It is located in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Ariège department in the south of France.

Roquefort-les-Pins

Roquefort-les-Pins is a commune of 6175 people (2007). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the southeast of France.

Roquefort-sur-Garonne

Roquefort-sur-Garonne is a commune of 715 people (1999). It is located in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Haute-Garonne department in the southwest of France.

Avalanche effect

The avalanche effect (“landslide effect”) is a property of block ciphers and cryptographic hash function algorithms. It is often desired in cryptography. The effect says that a lot of the output must change, even when the input changes only a little. In good block ciphers this means: A small change in the key or the plaintext should cause a strong change in the ciphertext. 

This means that small changes can spread fast, when the algorithm uses iterations. Thus, every bit of the output depends on every bit of the input.

The term "avalanche effect" was first used by Horst Feistel (Feistel 1973). Later, the concept was identified by "Shannon's property of confusion". 

If a block cipher or cryptographic hash function does not satisfy the avalanche effect to a significant degree, then it has poor randomization. Thus, a cryptanalyst can make forecasts about the input, if given only the output. This may be sufficient to partially or completely break (crack) the algorithm. 

It is one of the primary design objectives when people create a strong cipher or cryptographic hash function. They try to build a good avalanche effect in it. Mathematically this uses the butterfly effect. This is why most block ciphers are product ciphers. It is also why hash functions have large data blocks. 

The name comes from landslides. A small rock can fall down, go along with some snow and make a destructive landslide. The rock was small, but was able to cause a lot of destruction. This is the same as what this effect does. A small change in the input (the rock) should change the output (the landscape).

The Strict Avalanche Criterion (SAC; a “strong landslide criterion”) is a property of boolean functions. It is of importance to cryptography. It is satisfied if all output bits change with a probability of 50 percent, if a single input bit is changed. 

The SAC was built on the concepts of evolution completeness and avalanche. It was introduced by Webster and Tavares in 1985. Nowadays it is a requirement for every modern cryptographic system. It was e.g. satisfied by all finalists of the AES competition.

The Bit independence criterion (BIC; a criterion independent from the bit) is a criterion. It goes: When a single input bit is changed (inverted), two output bits should change independently of each other. This applies to all bits. 

It would e.g. not be satisfied, if the one output bit only changes, when the other output bit also changes. They might only change, because the input bit changed. Otherwise, the output bits would depend on each other. 



Rocquefort

Rocquefort is a commune of 270 people (1999). It is in the region Haute-Normandie in the Seine-Maritime department in the northwest of France.

BBC Radio 1Xtra

BBC Radio 1Xtra (also known as 1Xtra) is a digital British contemporary black music station from the BBC. The station was launched at 6pm on 16 August 2002. It was called "Network X" during the planning period. It is the complement station to Radio 1 and is broadcast from the same building as Radio 1 - Yalding House in central London. This is part of the BBC's massive Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and other offices.

The playlist generally includes British, Caribbean, African and North American hip hop, grime, bassline, garage, dubstep, funky, drum and bass, bashment, soca, reggae, gospel music, bhangra, soul and R&B. It is available on digital radio (DAB), digital satellite television, digital terrestrial television (Freeview), and the Internet. It has its own news team: 1Xtra News.

1Xtra's audience is usually aged between 15 and 30 years old. The upper age range is deliberately lower than sister station Radio 1 which is closer to 35.

According to the "Submission to the Secretary of State's review of digital channels" in March 2004, 1Xtra "provides music output 24 hours a day, punctuated by bespoke BBC 
news bulletins and other speech output designed specifically to be pertinent to the 
audience."


Barrel

Barrel is an old English word for a big holder of liquids, such as petrol, beer, wine or oil. Barrels are most commonly made of either wood or metal but many are plastic

Barrels are used to age wine, and other beverages such as whisky and beer. Most of those are made of oak wood.

A barrel is also used to measure liquids. One barrel of oil is 158.987 litres (42 US gallons). It is shortened as "bbl". This use may have come from the early Pennsylvanian oil fields where wooden barrels were used to store and move oil around. In 1866, the people of West Virginia started using it regularly. At this time, the amount was set to 42 American gallons. It was later world-wide for measuring amounts of oil and pricing it. Today, oil is rarely stored or transported in actual barrels, but the term "barrel" is still used to mean a 42-gallon measurement.

A barrel can also be used to measure dry goods. For example, a barrel can mean 196 pounds (about 89 kilograms) of flour.

The size of some standard barrels is not the same in all countries. Some countries have different sizes for different liquids.

The first people to start using barrels were the Celts about 350 BC. The Roman Empire started using barrels after trading with the Celts. Barrels remained popular for shipping items until the 20th century.

Claudio Ulpiano

Claudio Ulpiano (1932-1999) was a Brazilian philosopher and expert on the work of Gilles Deleuze. He taught at the Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro and Universidade Federal Fluminense.



Jorge Mautner

Henrique George Mautner (born January 17, 1941), better known by his stage name Jorge Mautner, is a Brazilian writer and singer of Jewish descent. He is the creator of the Moviment of Kaos.





Meshuggah

Meshuggah is an extreme metal band from Umeå, Sweden. The band was also named Metallien. The band has been playing music since 1985. Meshuggah's music uses changing time signatures and polyrhythms. The band inspired djent, a genre of metal. They made many new sounds using the guitar. The band's current members are singer Jens Kidman, guitar players Fredrik Thordendal and Mårten Hagström, drummer Tomas Haake and bass guitar player Dick Lövgren.

Meshuggah has been nominated for Grammis two times: once for "Catch Thirtythree", and once for "obZen". In 2018, the band was nominated for a Grammy Award for their song "Clockworks". All of the band's albums after "Nothing" have been on the "Billboard 200" music chart. 

In 1985, guitarist Fredrik Thordendal started a band in Umeå. The band was named Metallien. Metallien made many demo tapes. After they made these demos, the band ended. Thordendal used the band's name while playing music with other people.

Meshuggah was made in 1987 by singer and guitarist Jens Kidman. He named it "Meshuggah" because the word means "crazy" in Yiddish. The band recorded many demos. It broke up after Kidman left. Kidman made a new band named Calipash. It had Thordendal as a guitarist. It also had bassist Peter Nordin and drummer Niklas Lundgren. Kidman and Thordendal decided to rename the band to Meshuggah.

In 1989, Meshuggah released an extended play (EP) with three songs. It was named "Meshuggah". It is also known as "Psykisk Testbild". The band made 1,000 vinyl copies of the EP. The copies were sold at a local music store. In 1990, drummer Tomas Haake replaced Niklas Lundgren. 

Meshuggah joined Nuclear Blast. Nuclear Blast was a German heavy metal record label. They made their first album, "Contradictions Collapse", in 1991. Many people liked the album, but it did not sell many copies. Kidman stopped playing guitar for the band. He wanted to focus on singing. Mårten Hagström joined the band to play guitar instead. He was one of Haake's friends. The band made an EP named "None" in 1994. They also made a Japanese version of "None."

Thordendal was working as a carpenter. He cut off the tip of his left middle finger in an accident. Haake also hurt his hand in an accident. Because of this, the band could not play music for many months. Thordendal had surgery to put his fingertip back on. The finger healed. Meshuggah recorded an EP named "Selfcaged" in 1994. They released it in 1995 because of the injuries.

In January 1995, Meshuggah went on a European concert tour. After the tour, the band made "Destroy Erase Improve". This was their second album. After making the album, the band went on another European tour with Machine Head. During the tour, Nordin had balance problems because of his inner ear. This made him very dizzy. Because of it, Nordin went back to Sweden. Machine Head's bassist, Adam Duce, offered to play bass for Meshuggah when Nordin was gone. The band did not want him to. They kept playing music with only four members. Hagström used a pitch shifter for the rest of the tour to make his guitar sound lower.

The album was released in May 1995. Critics liked the album. One said that the album was the "work of highly skilled men with powerful instruments".

Later in 1995, Meshuggah went on tour with Swedish band Clawfinger. Nordin had to leave the band because of his dizziness. Gustaf Hielm replaced him. The band went on another tour in late 1995 with Hypocrisy. In 1997, the band moved to Stockholm to be closer to their record label.

Meshuggah made an EP named "The True Human Design" in late 1997. It had one new song named "Sane". The other tracks were different versions of the song "Future Breed Machine" from "Destroy Erase Improve". Thordendal also released his own album. It was named "Sol Niger Within". At the end of the year, Meshuggah started planning their next album.

In May 1998, the band said that their next album would be named "Chaosphere". Meshuggah recorded music for the album in May and June. The band went on a tour in the United States. They released the album in November 1998. "Chaosphere" had less thrash metal music on it. This was because the band wanted to make groovier music. In early 1999, Meshuggah went with Slayer on an American tour.

After the concerts and new album, many popular heavy metal magazines wrote about Meshuggah. The band started to write new music in 2000. They said that work was going "slowly". When they were making their next album, Meshuggah released "Rare Trax". This was many songs the band did not release. It also had music from the "Meshuggah" EP. Hielm left the band in July 2001. Meshuggah joined Tool on a long concert tour. They played music for over 100,000 people.

"Chaosphere" was recorded in five to six weeks in May 2002. The band decided to play at Ozzfest (a music festival). This made the band have to produce the album in only three days. After recording the album, Meshuggah went on an American tour.

The album "Nothing" was released in August 2002. It sold over 6,000 copies in its first week of being sold. It reached number 165 on the "Billboard" 200. Meshuggah was the first member of Nuclear Blast that went onto the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The compact disc version of "Nothing" has no words on it except for "ingenting". This means "nothing" in Swedish. At the end of 2002, the band went on another tour with Tool. They also went on their own tour.

In February 2004, bassist Dick Lövgren joined Meshuggah. The band released an EP named "I." The EP only has one song on it, and it is 21 minutes long. The band took six months to make the EP. In May 2005, the band released the album "Catch Thirtythree". It is the only Meshuggah album that has programmed drums on it. Seven thousand copies of the album were sold in the first week. It went to number 170 on the "Billboard" 200. The band was nominated for a Swedish Grammy for the album. They made a music video for the song "Shed" in June 2005.

Meshuggah released a remixed version of "Nothing" in October 2006. The remix also had a DVD with videos of the band playing live, as well as the band's music videos for "Shed", "Rational Gaze", and "New Millenium Cyanide Christ".

In March 2007, the band started making "obZen." They finished the album in October, and released it in March 2008. Most of the time the band took making the album was used to learn how to play the music they wrote. It was the longest time they had ever taken to make an album. "obZen" reached number 59 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. It sold 50,000 copies after six months. After releasing the album, the band went on a world tour. They played in the United States, Europe, Asia, and Australia.

In January 2009, "obZen" was nominated for a Swedish Grammy award. However, it did not win. Haake said the band was planning on making another album. In April, Meshuggah had to cancel the concerts they were going to play at. This was because Haake had a herniated disc in his spine. He got surgery for it, and the band was able to play music in the summer.

The band's seventh album, "Koloss", was released in March 2012. It reached number 17 on the "Billboard" Top 200, and number 12 in Sweden.

In February 2013, Meshuggah released an EP with two songs on it. It was named "Pitch Black". The extended play has a song on it named "Pitch Black" which was made by Thordendal in 2003. The other song on the EP is a live recording of "Dancers to a Discordant System" from "obZen". On May 12, 2016, Meshuggah put a video on YouTube saying their next album would be released in 2016. Later, the band said the album was named "The Violent Sleep of Reason". It was released in October 2016, and reached number 17 on the "Billboard" 200.

In June 2017, the band said that Thordendal was taking a break from touring. He would be replaced with guitarist Per Nilsson from Scar Symmetry. In 2018, Meshuggah was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance for their song "Clockworks".

In March 2021, Thordendal came back to the band so they could work on a new album. They released their ninth album, "Immutable", on April 1, 2022.

Meshuggah plays many different types of metal music. Many music critics have said their music is experimental metal. It has also been called groove metal, alternative metal, extreme metal, and progressive metal. 

The band has a unique way of playing metal music. They use many complex music styles, such as playing with polyrhythms, polymeters, and changing key and tempo. This makes the music very difficult to play. Hagström has said that "it doesn't really matter if something is hard to play or not. The thing is, what does it do to your mind when you listen to it? Where does it take you?" Meshuggah uses many different polymeters. In some songs, the guitars play in 17/16 (a difficult meter), while the drums are in 4/4 (a common meter). Hagström has said that "everything we do is based around a 4/4 core". He said the band plays "parts differently around that center to make it seem like something else is going on."




Andy McKee

Andy McKee is a fingerstyle guitarist from Topeka, Kansas. He became famous through his YouTube videos in 2006.



Beverly Hills Chihuahua

Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 movie by Walt Disney Pictures directed by Raja Gosnell. The first preview of the movie was seen next to "", and originally the movie was scheduled for a September 26, 2008 release, but the release was moved to October 3. The story is about a chihuahua who gets dognapped in Mexico and has to escape from an evil Dobermann. "Destino", a 2003 short movie made by Walt Disney Pictures based on an idea started by Walt Disney and Salvador Dalí in the 1940s, was thought to be seen before "Beverly Hills Chihuahua", but this didn't happen. Insteed, a sneak-peek of the Disney movie "Bolt" was seen.

The movie is about a spolied chihuahua from Beverly Hills named Chloe (voiced by Drew Barrymore). Her owner, "Aunt Viv" (Jamie Lee Curtis), has to go to Italy, so she leaves Chloe with her niece, Rachel Ashe Lynn (Piper Perabo). Rachel and her friends go on vacation to Mexico, and Chloe gets dognapped by an evil Mexican dognapper who at first wants to use her in dog fights but sees her value and wishes to put her at ransom (have the owners have to pay money to get her back). In the meantime, Papi (voiced by George Lopez), a male chihuahua who is in love with her is on the lookout for her. Chloe makes friendship with a lonely German Shepherd named Delgado (voiced by Andy Garcia) who travels with her to protect her from the evil Dobermann (voiced by Edward James Olmos) who wants to kill her and steal her diamond collar to return it to the dognapper who owns him.



The music to "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" was written by composer Heitor Pereira, who recorded the score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Brothers.

"Beverly Hills Chihuahua" earned $29 million USD in its opening weekend. It was #1 in the box office for two weeks. Despite this, the movie was rather poorly received by critics.


Destruction (band)

Destruction is a thrash metal band from Lörrach in Germany. They have been playing since 1982. Together with Kreator and Sodom they form the "triangle of German thrash metal".

Hans-Christian Ströbele

Hans-Christian Ströbele (7 June 1939 – 29 August 2022) was a German politician and lawyer.

Ströbele made his school exam abitur in Marl (Westphalia). Then he studied law in Heidelberg and Berlin (at the Free University of Berlin. He wss a lawyer in Berlin (until 1990 West Berlin) from 1969. He was involved in the student revolt of 1968. He was one of the lawyers of the Rote Armee Fraktion terrorists in the Stammheim trial.

From 1970 to 1974 he was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. Later he was one of the founders of the "Alternative List for Democracy and Environmental Protection," which later became the Berlin section of the Green Party of Germany.

He died on 29 August 2022 in Berlin, Germany from a long-illness at the age of 83.

Banksy

Banksy is a British street and graffiti artist. He likes to remain anonymous and not let people know his true identity. He often draws in high visibility public places such as on buildings or train stations. His paintings are often about politics, war and other important topics.

His satirical street art and mind-hurting pictures combine dark humour with graffiti. The graffiti is done with a stencilling technique. Such works have been done on streets, walls, and bridges of cities throughout the world.

Banksy's work started in the Bristol underground scene, which had collaborations between artists and musicians. According to graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book "Home Sweet Home", Banksy "was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol, England. The son of a photocopier technician, he trained as a butcher but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s". His style is similar to Blek le Rat, who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris, and to members of the anarcho-punk band Crass, which did a graffiti stencil campaign on the London Underground system in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Banksy displays his art on public surfaces such as walls and even going as far as to build physical prop pieces. He does not sell photos of street graffiti directly himself. However, art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder. Banksy's first movie, "Exit Through the Gift Shop", billed as "the world's first street art disaster movie," made its debut at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. The movie was released in the UK on 5 March 2010. In January 2011, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary for the movie.

There have been numerous rumours as to Banksy's identity. Names often suggested include Robert Banks and Robin Gunningham.

In 2004 an alleged photograph of him in Jamaica surfaced. In October 2007 the BBC website featured a photo allegedly taken by a passer-by in Bethnal Green, London, purporting to show Banksy at work with an assistant, scaffolding and a truck. From the pictures, Banksy's identity was thought to be Robin Gunningham, a man born in Bristol on 28 July 1973. Gunningham was educated at Bristol Cathedral Choir School and Leicester Polytechnic, now De Montfort University, and according to a former friend, was "extremely talented at art".

Lived with artist Luke Egan. Around 2000, when Banksy moved from Bristol to London, Gunningham is known to have moved from Bristol to a London flat in Hackney, and a number of Banksy's most famous works appeared nearby. At that time, Gunningham lived with Jamie Eastman, who worked for a record label that used illustrations by Banksy.

In May 2009, the "Mail on Sunday" once again speculated about Gunningham being Banksy. This "new Banksy rat" story was also picked up by "The Times", and the "Evening Standard".

In response to reports that Banksy was Robin Gunningham, Banksy's agent refused to either confirm or deny the reports.

Simon Hattenstone from "The Guardian" is one of the very few people to have interviewed him face to face. Hattenstone describes him as "a cross of Jimmy Nail and British rapper Mike Skinner" and "a 28-year old male who showed up wearing jeans and a t-shirt with a silver tooth, silver chain, and one silver earring." In the same interview, Banksy claimed that his parents think he is a painter and decorator.

Banksy himself states on his website: 

Rodney Mullen

Rodney Mullen (born August 17, 1966 in Gainesville, Florida) is a professional freestyle skateboarder, and considered to be one of the most influential skaters in the history of the sport. He is credited with inventing many tricks, including the flat-ground Ollie (originally called the 'ollie pop'), the kickflip (originally called "magic flips"), the Heelflip, the 360 flip, and the Ollie Impossible (more often called the Impossible).

Mullen has invented many tricks. These are:

Rodney Mullen did many of the skateboarding stunts for Christian Slater in the 1989 skateboarding movie "Gleaming the Cube". He can be seen performing in order to look like Slater. At the end credits he can be seen from an overhead view riding his skateboard with the camera zooming in on his foot work.

Mullen has appeared in many video games related to the Tony Hawk Pro Skater (THPS) console games. These include:

Tony Hawk

Anthony Frank Hawk (born May 12, 1968) is an American retired professional skateboarder and actor. He is credited with being the first recorded skater to land the 900, which consists of two-and-a-half rotations (900°) in the air before landing back on the pipe during the televised June 27, 1999 X Games, for which he received an enormous amount of attention. He is also known for his "Tony Hawk's" video game series.

In July 2021, Hawk briefly ended his competitive retirement to participate in the Vert Best Trick event at that year's X Games, finishing in fourth place out of nine competitors.


Santa Maria, Bulacan

Santa Maria is a municipality (town) in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. It lies 32 kilometers northeast of Manila and is located at the eastern portion of the province. It is surrounded by the towns of Angat and Pandi in the north; by San Jose del Monte City in the south; by Norzagaray in the east; and by Marilao and Bocaue in the west.

According to the 2007 Philippine national census (a total count of the country's population), it has 205,258 people.

It is divided into 24 barangays (villages). These barangays are:


Winton M. Blount

Winton Malcolm "Red" Blount, Jr. (February 1, 1921 – October 24, 2002) was the United States Postmaster General from 1969 to 1972. He is also known as the founder and Chief Executive Officer of construction giant Blount International.

He was the last Postmaster who led the Post Office as an Executive Department and held cabinet-member rank.

List of sex positions

This list of sex positions is a list of different ways to have sexual intercourse and other sexual acts.

These positions involve a penis going into a vagina, or the anus.

These positions are used for vaginal, or anal sex. The basic position is called the missionary position. In it, the receiving partner lies on their back with legs apart. The penetrating partner lies on top of the receiving partner, facing them. The penetrating partner enters so that the base of the penis rubs the clitoris.

Most of these positions can be used for either vaginal, or anal sex.

The receiving partner is kneeling or on all four limbs. The penetrating partner inserts their penis from behind. This position is sometimes called as the doggy style position.

Most of these positions can be used for either vaginal, or anal sex.

The receiving partner is on their hands and knees with their bottom exposed. The penetrating partner then pumps away at the receiving partner's vagina or anus with his penis.

Most of these positions can be used for either vaginal, or anal sex.

The penetrating partner sits down, with their legs stretched out. The receiving partner sits on top and wraps their legs around the penetrating partner. This is called pounding on the spot.

In the basic standing position, both partners stand facing each other and have vaginal sex. The shorter partner can stand on a stair if the partners are different heights. It may be easier if the person being penetrated has their back to a wall.

Most of the above positions can be used for anal sex.

Outercourse or frottage is sometimes part of foreplay, or to avoid intercourse.

Genital-genital sex, sometimes called GG rubbing, is when two people rub penises together (sometimes called frot, or frottage), or when two people rub vulvae together (sometimes called tribadism, or scissoring).

Oral sex is the term given to genital stimulation by the mouth. People may engage in oral sex as part of foreplay before intercourse, or during, or following intercourse. It may also be performed for its own sake.

Fellatio is a kind of oral sex that involves a person letting their penis be licked, or "eaten" by their partner. The person's partner can be any gender, or sex. There are several ways to have oral sex.

Note: Fellatio doesn't have to involve two people. Some people with male genitalia have a long-enough penis and a good enough stretch to lick or put their own penis into their mouth. However, this is called autofellatio or autofellation.

Cunnilingus is oral sex involving a person's female genitals. There are several ways to have oral sex.

"Main article:" 69 (sex position)

Oral sex between two people at the same time is called 69. Partners can be lying side-by-side, lying one on top of the other, or standing with one partner holding the other upside down.

Positions for anilingus, also known as "rimming", "anal-oral sex", or "rimjob" are:
When three people have sex with each other, it is called a threesome. You can have:

Multiple penetration, or double penetration means someone is penetrated in more than one place. Types of double penetration are:




Richard Bache

Richard Bache (1737–1811) worked for the Postal Service under Benjamin Franklin from 1775–1776, and was Franklin's successor as Postmaster General, serving from 1776–1782 during the Revolutionary War. He also served on the Board of War.

He was born in Yorkshire, England and married the only daughter of Franklin in 1767, after immigrating to New York City in 1765. His wife, Sarah Franklin Bache (1743-1808), was widely known for patriotism and benevolent activities.

Their son, Richard Bache Jr., served in the Republic of Texas Navy and was elected as a Representative to the Second Texas Legislature in 1847. Another son was Benjamin Franklin Bache (1769-1798). 

Mark Hughes

Leslie Mark Hughes (born November 1, 1963) is a Welsh football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Queens Park Rangers. Hughes played for Manchester United, Chelsea, and Barcelona during the 1980s and 1990s.

Albert Gallatin

Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin (January 29, 1761 – August 12, 1849) was a Swiss-American ethnologist, linguist, politician, diplomat, Congressman, and the longest-serving United States Secretary of the Treasury. He was also a founder of New York University.



Henry Dearborn

Henry Dearborn (February 23, 1751 – June 6, 1829) was an American physician, and statesman. He was a veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812.

He represented this district as a Democratic-Republican in the Third and Fourth Congresses (1793-1797). In 1801, President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Secretary of War, a post he held for eight years until March 7, 1809.

In 1803, Lewis and Clark named the Dearborn River in west-central Montana after Dearborn. Dearborn County, Indiana, Dearborn, Michigan and Dearborn, Missouri were also named for him, as was Fort Dearborn in Chicago, Illinois. 

His son, Henry A. S. Dearborn, was a Congressman in 1831-1833.

Robert Smith (cabinet)

Robert Smith (November 3, 1757 – November 26, 1842) was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811. He was the brother of Senator Samuel Smith.

Caesar A. Rodney

Caesar Augustus Rodney (January 4, 1772 – June 10, 1824) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, who served in the Delaware General Assembly, as well as a U.S. Representative from Delaware, U.S. Senator from Delaware, U.S. Attorney General, and U.S. Minister to Argentina. He was the nephew of Caesar Rodney, the signer of the Declaration of Independence who is pictured on the Delaware state quarter.

Derrick Pierce

Derrick Pierce (born March 1, 1974) is an American porn actor. He began his career in 2005. Pierce was born in Massachusetts. He moved to California at a young age. He grew up in the Sylmar area of the San Fernando Valley. 

As of 2008, Pierce has appeared in over 100 movies, including "Chemistry 3" which is a unique reality show type of production, and "Upload", an adult sci-fi thriller. He has worked for just about every company that makes adult movies.

Before he started working in the adult movie industry, Pierce worked as a martial arts instructor in Southern California. 

In 2008, Pierce was nominated for "Best Actor", "Best BDSM Release", "Best Couples Sex Scene", "Best Supporting Actor" and "Best Threeway Sex Scene" (twice) in the AVN Awards.

Topher Grace

Christopher John "Topher" Grace (born July 12, 1978) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the main character, Eric Forman, on the long-running Fox sitcom "That '70s Show". Grace also played the villain Eddie Brock, Jr. in the movie "Spider-Man 3.

Mirepoix (cuisine)

Mirepoix () is the French name for a condiment used for cooking. Mirepoix consists of onions, carrots and celery (either common Pascal celery or celeriac). Mirepoix is used in many dishes, such as stocks, soups, stews and sauces. It is used either raw, roasted or sautéed with butter. Mirepoix is known as the holy trinity of French cooking.

These three ingredients are commonly referred to as aromatics. Similar such combinations, both in and out of the French culinary repertoire, sometimes include leeks, parsnips, garlic, tomatoes, shallots, mushrooms, bell peppers, chilies, and ginger. For the combination "mirepoix au gras", or a "Matignon", ham or pork belly are used as additional ingredients. In Cajun cuisine, a mirepoix or trinity is a combination of onions, celery and bell peppers.

They may be used in different combinations, as dictated by the cuisine and the dish itself.

Traditionally, the ratio for mirepoix is 2:1:1 of onions, celery, and carrots. The ratio for bones to mirepoix for stock is 10:1. When making a white stock, or "fond blanc", parsnips are used instead of carrots to maintain the pale color.

Mirepoix derives its name, like much French cuisine, from the patron of the chef who established it, in this case one of the house of Lévis, seigneurs of Mirepoix since the eleventh century and a famous name in Languedoc. The particular member of the house of Lévis whose chef is credited by the "Dictionnaire de l'Académie française" with giving a name to an old technique is Charles-Pierre-Gaston François de Lévis, duc de Lévis-Mirepoix (1699-1757), maréchal de France and ambassador of Louis XV. 


Béchamel sauce

Béchamel sauce ( in English, in French, in Italian), also known as white sauce, is a basic mother sauce. It can be used to make other sauces, such as Mornay sauce, which is Béchamel and cheese. This basic sauce is usually made today by whisking scalded milk gradually into a white flour-butter "roux" (equal part clarified butter and flour), though it can also be made by whisking a kneaded flour-butter beurre manié into scalded milk. The thickness of the final sauce depends on the proportions of milk and flour. Escoffier adds salt and an onion stuck with a clove.

It is named after Louis de Béchamel.

American Dad!

American Dad! is an American adult animated sitcom. It is produced by Underdog Productions and Fuzzy Door Productions for 20th Television.

The series was first made by Seth MacFarlane, the creator of "Family Guy", as well as two former "Family Guy" writers, Mike Barker and Matt Weitzman. The first episode aired in the United States on Fox on February 6, 2005, thirty minutes after the end of Super Bowl XXXIX. The regular series began May 1, 2005, after the season premiere of "Family Guy".

The series follows the events of CIA agent Stan Smith and his family. Stan Smith is a CIA agent who is very patriotic, as well as being part of the Christian right. Stan tries to be in charge of the family, but often the things he does don't work out. Stan has a wife, Francine, and two kids, Hayley and Steve. Hayley (Haylee) is in college and is much more liberal than her father. Steve is in high school and is always dreaming about girls. Rounding out the family is Klaus, a talking fish with a German athlete's brain; and Roger Smith the Alien. The show moved to TBS in 2014.


Mirepoix (disambiguation)

Mirepoix can be:



Landon Donovan

Landon Donovan (born 4 March 1982) is a former American soccer player. He played for the Los Angeles Galaxy and United States national team, and was the captain for both of them. He is the former captain of The Los Angeles Galaxy and the men's national team.

Donovan has more assists than any other male player, and is the leader of assists for the United States men's national team, and also the second place for most appearances.

!Total||157||57

Coriander

Coriander ("Coriandrum sativum") (also known as cilantro, Chinese parsley, or dhania) is a herb from the "Apiaceae" family. Coriander is originally from the southwestern Asia across to north Africa. 

In the Sri Lankan Sinhalese language, it is called koththamuhlli. It is believed to have medicinal qualities, and is brewed and drunk to cure the common cold and fever.

Brad Friedel

Brad Friedel (born May 18, 1971) is an American soccer player. He has played for United States national team.

Galatasaray

Blackburn Rovers

United States

Individual

Nílton Santos

Nílton Santos (16 May 1925 – 27 November 2013) was a Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. Considered as one of the best defenders of all time. He was a pioneering left-back "The Encyclopedia" was world class at both defending and attacking and possessed excessive technique. Nílton Santos is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century, and was named by Pelé one of the top 125 greatest living footballers at a FIFA Awards ceremony in 2004. In 2009, he was the recipient of the Golden Foot Legends Award. He was unrelated to his frequent defensive partner Djalma Santos.

Nílton Santos made his debut for Botafogo in 1948, he only left General Severiano in 1964 when he left the pitch. He only wore two shirts throughout his career: that of Botafogo and that of the Brazilian national team. His debut in the shirt of the Lone Star club took place against América Mineiro. In the Carioca Championship of 1948, played his first game against Canto do Rio in Caio Martins. Botafogo won by 4 to 2. General Severiano's Alvinegro was the 1948 carioca champion. However, in the carioca's first game against São Cristóvão, Nílton Barbosa played for the main team.

Nílton Santos played his entire career at Botafogo. Where he won the state championship four times (1948, 1957, 1961 and 1962), twice the Torneio Rio–São Paulo (1962 and 1964), in addition to several of the Paris Tournament in 1963 — in addition to other international titles. Nílton Santos participated in 718 matches for the club, being the record holder and scoring eleven goals between 1948 and 1964.

Nílton debuted in the national team in the South American of 1949, the competition was held in Brazil, which ended up champion. He participated in the 1950 World Cup where he was runner-up without playing a single match. He was still champion with the 1952 Pan American team, twice world champion in 1958 in Sweden and 1962 in Chile. He played in 75 official and 10 unofficial matches. His farewell to the national team took place in the 1962 Cup final. He scored two goals with the national team's shirt. 

In the Brazilian national football team, Nílton was a key player in defense during the world championships in which he participated and became internationally famous for scoring a magnificent goal in the 1958 tournament, when Brazil played Austria. Bringing the ball from the defense field and dribbling the entire opposing team (and driving coach Vicente Feola crazy ), he finished with a great shot.

Another play he always remembers is the penalty he committed against striker Enrique Collar in the game against Spain in the 1962 World Cup, considered the most difficult match of that campaign. The referee called the foul, but when he got close to check the shot, he placed the ball outside the area, as he did not realize that Nílton, without despairing and gesturing his arms as other players would, had cunningly taken two steps and left the area, deceiving the referee.

Santos died from respiratory failure caused by a lung infection on 27 November 2013, aged 88, in Rio de Janeiro.
!Total||75||3






DaMarcus Beasley

DaMarcus Beasley (born May 24 1982 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American former soccer player.

Chicago Fire

PSV Eindhoven

Rangers

Houston Dynamo

United States

Individual

Alecko Eskandarian

Alecko Eskandarian (born July 9, 1982) is an American former soccer player.

104||22
104||22

!Total||1||0




Smash Hits

Smash Hits was a pop music based magazine. It was made for children and young teenagers. The magazine was first published in the United Kingdom. It ran from 1978 to 2006 and was issued fortnightly for most of that time. The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine.

Liga I

Liga I (previously called Divizia A) is the top division association football league in Romania.


Battle of the Mediterranean

The Battle of the Mediterranean was the name given to the naval campaign fought in the Mediterranean Sea during World War II.

For the most part, the campaign was fought between the forces of the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina"), supported by other Axis naval forces, and the forces of the British Royal Navy, supported by other Allied naval forces.

Each side had three overall goals in this battle. The first was to attack the supply lines of the other side. The second was to keep open its own supply lines, the Axis to their own armies in North Africa and the Allies to supply the island of Malta. The third was to destroy the ability of the opposing navy to wage war at sea.

Outside of the Pacific ocean, the Mediterranean saw the largest conventional naval warfare during the war. In particular, Allied forces struggled to supply and retain the key naval and air base of Malta.

Italian warships had a general reputation as well-designed and good-looking. But some Italian cruiser classes were rather deficient in armour. All Italian warships lacked radar for most of the war, although this was partly offset by their good "rangefinder" and "fire-control" systems. In addition, whereas Allied commanders at sea had discretion on how to act, Italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by Italian Naval Headquarters ("Supermarina"). This could lead to action being avoided when the Italians had a clear advantage (e.g., During "Operation Hats"). Italian Naval Headquarters was conscious that the British could replace ships lost in the Mediterranean, whereas Italian Navy resources were limited and there was a terrible lack of fuel.

The Italian Navy entered the war with only one year of fuel required to operate normally. By 1943 the lack of fuel prevented naval operations far away from the coasts of Italy.

The Allies had "Ultra" intercepts from Bletchley Park, which predicted the Italian movements, and radar, which enabled them to locate the ships and to range their weapons at distance and at night. The better air reconnaissance skills of the "Fleet Air Arm" and their close collaboration with surface units were other major causes of the initial Italian defeats (like in the "Battle of Cape Matapan").

The Axis forces in this campaign were:-

The Allied forces in this campaign were:-

On 10 June 1940, Italy declared war on Britain and France. On the following day, Italian bombers attacked Malta on what was to be the first of many raids.
The first clash between the rival fleets, the Battle of Calabria, took place on 9 July 1940, just four weeks after the start of hostilities. This was inconclusive (neither side won), and was followed by a series of small ship actions (the battle of the "Espero" convoy, battle of Cape Spada) during the autumn.

In spring 1940 the British Royal navy attacked at Mers el Kebir (Algeria) the French navy of Vichy, sinking two battleships and other minor ships.
In November, the RN mounted an aerial attack on the Italian fleet in Taranto harbour, crippling three capital ships and changing the balance of power in the Mediterranean.

Three months later the fleets clashed again at the Battle of Cape Matapan. This was a major Allied victory; three Italian cruisers were sunk, and a battleship damaged in a two-day battle ending in a night action.

Following this the Allies suffered heavy losses in the Battle of Crete, supporting the army when the island was invaded by the Germans.

In spring 1941 the Greek and Yugoslavian navy were destroyed and/or made captive by the Italians (with help from the German air force) during the Italo-German war in the western Balkans against Greece and Yugoslavia.

Following the battle of Crete in the summer of 1941, the Royal Navy got the better of things in the central Mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks, (such as the "Duisburg" convoy and the Battle of Cape Bon) until the events around the First Battle of Sirte and the Raid on Alexandria in December swung the balance of power in the Axis favour.

The Italian Navy's most successful attack was when divers planted mines on British battleships during the raid on Alexandria harbour (19 December 1941). HMS "Queen Elizabeth" and HMS "Valiant" were sunk (but ten months later raised and returned to active service). During those ten months the Italian Navy enjoyed a temporary control of the Mediterranean sea (called by Mussolini's propaganda the "Mare Nostrum", meaning "our sea").

A series of hard fought convoy battles (Second Battle of Sirte in March, Operations Harpoon and Vigorous in June, and Operation Pedestal in August) were victories for the Axis but ensured Malta's survival, until the Allies regained the advantage in November 1942.

In Sept 1943 with the Italian collapse and the surrender of Italian fleet, naval actions in Mediterranean became restricted to actions against U-boats and by small craft in the Adriatic and Aegean seas.


The following are the major amphibious operations staged during the Battle of the Mediterranean:



Cryptographic hash function

A cryptographic hash function is a hash function which takes an input (or 'message') and returns a fixed-size string of bytes. The string is called the 'hash value', 'message digest', 'digital fingerprint', 'digest' or 'checksum'.

The ideal hash function has three main properties:

Functions with these properties are used as hash functions for a variety of purposes, not only in cryptography. Practical applications include message integrity checks, digital signatures, authentication, and various information security applications.

A hash function takes a string of any length as input and produces a fixed length string which acts as a kind of "signature" for the data provided. In this way, a person knowing the "hash value" is unable to know the original message, but only the person who knows the original message can prove the "hash value" is created from that message.

A cryptographic hash function should behave as much as possible like a random function while still being deterministic and efficiently computable. A cryptographic hash function is considered "insecure" from a cryptographic point of view, if either of the following is computationally feasible:

An attacker who can find any of the above computations can use them to substitute an authorized message with an unauthorized one.

Ideally, it should be impossible to find two different messages whose digests ("hash values") are similar. Also, one would not want an attacker to be able to learn anything useful about a message from its digest ("hash values"). Of course the attacker learns at least one piece of information, the digest itself, by which the attacker can recognise if the same message occurred again.

In various standards and applications, the two most commonly used hash functions are MD5 and SHA-1.

In 2005, security defects were identified showing that a possible mathematical weakness might exist, like attacks, and recommending a stronger hash function.

In 2007 the National Institute of Standards and Technology announced a contest to design a hash function which will be given the name SHA-3 and be the subject of a FIPS standard.





Data integrity

Data integrity is a term used in computer science and telecommunications that can mean:

Simply, data integrity is to make sure that data is "consistent" and "correct".

Cryptosystem

There are two different meanings of the word cryptosystem. 

In this meaning, the term cryptosystem is used as shorthand, or as an abbreviation for "cryptographic system". A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography. Such systems include for instance, a system for secure electronic mail which might include methods for digital signatures, cryptographic hash functions, key management techniques, and so on. 

In this meaning, a cryptosystem refers to a set of algorithms needed to implement a method of encryption and decryption. 

Typically, a cryptosystem consists of three algorithms: 

The term "cipher" (sometimes "cypher") is often used to refer to a pair of (encryption/decryption) algorithms. Therefore, the term "cryptosystem" is most often used when the key generation algorithm is important. For this reason, the term "cryptosystem" is commonly used to refer to public key techniques; however both "cipher" and "cryptosystem" are used for symmetric key techniques.

The "Internet Security Glossary" advises against using the term "cryptosystem", giving the following definitions.

Serpent (cipher)

Serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was the second finalist in the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) contest after Rijndael. Serpent was designed by Ross Anderson, Eli Biham, and Lars Knudsen.

Serpent has a block size of 128 bits and supports a key size of 128, 192 or 256 bits. The cipher is a 32-round substitution-permutation network operating on a block of four 32-bit words. Each round applies one of eight 4-bit by 4-bit S-boxes 32 times in parallel. Serpent was designed so that all operations can be executed in parallel, using 32 1-bit slices. This maximizes parallelism, but also allows use of the extensive cryptanalysis work performed on DES.

Serpent was widely viewed as a more traditional approach to security than the other AES finalists choosing a larger security margin: the designers estimated 16 rounds to be sufficient against known types of attack, but specified 32 rounds as insurance against future progress in cryptanalysis.

The Serpent cipher has not been patented. It is completely placed in the public domain and can be freely used by anyone.


The 32 rounds make Serpent more secure than Rijndael; however, Rijndael with 10 rounds is faster and easier to implement for small Block ciphers and on embedded system. For that reason, Rijndael was selected as the winner in the AES competition.

The XSL attack, if effective and would weaken Serpent (though not as much as it would weaken Rijndael, which became AES). However, many cryptanalysts believe that if implementations considered to overcome the XSL attack, the XSL attack would be more difficult than a brute force attack.


Pretty Good Privacy

Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is a computer program that provides cryptographic and authentication. PGP is often used for signing, encrypting and decrypting electronic mails (e-mails) to increase the security of e-mail communications. It was originally created by Phil Zimmermann in 1991.

PGP and other similar products follow the OpenPGP standard () for encrypting and decrypting data.

OpenPGP is on the Internet Standards Track; the current specification is (November 2007). OpenPGP is still under development and the successor to , which is , has been made a proposed standard. Many e-mail clients provide "OpenPGP-compliant" email security as described in .

The Free Software Foundation has developed its own "OpenPGP-compliant" program called GNU Privacy Guard (abbreviated GnuPG or GPG). GnuPG is freely available together with all source code under the GNU General Public License (GPL) and is maintained separately faraway from several Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs) that interact with the GnuPG library for encryption, decryption and signing functions (see KGPG, Seahorse, MacGPG). Several other vendors have also developed "OpenPGP-compliant" software.





Weak key

In cryptography, a weak key is a key which when used with a specific cipher, makes the cipher behave in some undesirable way, and simplifies breaking (cracking) the ciphertext. 

Weak keys usually represent a very small fraction of the overall key space, which means that if someone generates a random key to encrypt a message, it is a rare condition that weak keys will cause a security problem. However, it is considered a good design for a cipher to have no weak keys ("quality chiper"). A cipher with no weak keys is said to have a "flat", or "linear", key space.


XSL attack

In cryptography, the XSL attack is a method of cryptanalysis for block ciphers. The attack was first published in 2002 by researchers Nicolas Courtois and Josef Pieprzyk. It was claimed that it may break the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) cipher faster than a brute force attack. 

AES is already widely used in commerce and government for the transmission of secret and classified information. Finding a technique that can decrease the amount of time it takes to break the secret message without having the key could cause wide damage. 

In 2004 it was shown by one of the cryptanalysts, that the algorithm does not perform as described in its published paper. In addition, the method requires long effort. Unless shortened, the technique does not reduce the effort to break AES in comparison to a brute force attack. Therefore, it does not affect the real-world security of block ciphers in the near future. However, the attack has caused some experts to insert complexities in the algebraic simplicity of the current AES.

The XSL attack relies on first analyzing the "internal design" of a cipher then deriving a system of quadratic simultaneous equations. These systems of equations are typically very large, for example 8000 equations with 1600 variables for the 128-bit AES. Several methods for solving such systems are known. In the XSL attack, a specialized algorithm, termed XSL (eXtended Sparse Linearization), is then applied to solve these equations and compute the key.

The attack is well-known and famous for requiring only a handful of known plaintexts to perform. Previous methods of cryptanalysis, such as linear and differential cryptanalysis, often require unrealistically large numbers of known or chosen plaintexts, which make them impossible to realize.


Sound the Alarm

Sound the Alarm is the fifth studio album by the emo band Saves the Day. It was released by Vagrant Records on April 11, 2006. It was produced by Steve Evetts who also produced Saves the Day's first two albums, "Can't Slow Down" and "Through Being Cool". All of the album's lyrics were written by Chris Conley. It is their darkest album, and Chris wrote it about the black clouds in his life, and things that were eating him alive. This album was welcomed by many as something of a return to the band's classic sound, after the sonic departure of "In Reverie" in 2003.

"Sound the Alarm" reached number 67 on the Billboard 200 Album Chart.

"Sound the Alarm" is part one of a three part concept that Conley described in an interview with Punknews.org. It is their trilogy about self discovery.

The "Head for the Hills" track is used on the soundtrack of the football video game "Madden NFL 07".


Ennis

Ennis is a town in the Republic of Ireland. It has about 25,000 people living in it. There are people from eastern Europe, Africa and the United Kingdom living in Ennis.

Ennis has a bus and railway station.

The town was once small but has grown much because of an economic boom, which has now ended.

Trey Parker

Randolph Severn "Trey" Parker III (born October 19 1969) is an American animator, screenwriter, film director, voice actor, actor, musician and Academy Award nominated lyricist. He and Matt Stone worked on the animated series "South Park".

 

Matt Stone

Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone (born May 26, 1971) is an Academy Award- nominated Emmy Award- winning American animator, screenwriter, director, producer, voice actor, musician and actor. He and Trey Parker created the animated television series, "South Park".

Treaty of friendship and alliance between the Government of Mongolia and Tibet

Tibet and Mongolia signed a treaty called the Treaty of friendship and alliance between the Government of Mongolia and Tibet on February 2, 1913, at Urga (now Ulaanbaatar). Today, we are not sure if the treaty can be used or not.

The Qing Dynasty ended in 1911. After this, both Tibet and Mongolia were independent. Both had a lamaist head of state. The Republic of China did not see them as independent. In the treaty, both Mongolia and Tibet said they would see each other as independent, and help each other in war. 

The people who signed for Mongolia were foreign minister Da Lama Ravdan and General Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren. Those who signed for Tibet were Agvan Dorjiev, Chijamts, and Gendun-Galsan, who lived in Tibet. Dorjiev was a Buryat, a citizen of Russia. For this reason, the treaty may not be legal. The 13th Dalai Lama denied that he had let Dorjiev sign a treaty with Mongolia. More importantly, neither the Lama nor the Tibetan government has ever signed any treaty. The Russian government said that Dorjiev was Russian. He could therefore not act as a diplomat for the Dalai Lama. The Mongolian text of the treaty was published by the Mongolian Academy of Sciences in 1982.

Most people did not see Mongolia or Tibet as independent. They said that these areas belonged to China. Western powers had made treaties with the Qing Dynasty, and China had said it would honour these treaties. If they had recognised either Tibet or Mongolia, these treaties would have become invalid. The main Western powers were the United Kingdom and Russia. Both feared that if they saw the countries as independent, they could come under the influence of the other western powers. In their opinion, that situation was worse than if China controlled both of them, because China was weak.

British negotiators at the Simla Convention heard about the treaty and got very suspicious. They feared that Russia might use the treaty to gain more influence in Tibet. In the end, China did not sign the Simla Convention. Instead, a very similar treaty was signed by Mongolia, China, and Russia on 25 May 1915. This treaty was called the tripartite Treaty of Kyakhta. The agreement stated that Mongolia was completely autonomous in internal matters and that Russia had certain privileges in Mongolia. At the same time it said that Mongolia was in fact a part of China.


Waterford

Waterford City is a city in Ireland. The population in 2006 was nearly 50,000 people. It is the county town of County Waterford. Waterford is the fifth largest city in Ireland. It is also the oldest city in Ireland. 
Waterford is home to the Waterford Crystal glass factory, which exports crystal all around the world. This glass factory has made many famous pieces, including the New Years Eve glass ball used in Times Square in New York. The factory closed in 2009 leading to over 1,500 job losses. The factory reopened again in the city centre in June 2010 and is now a popular tour. Tourists also come to Waterford to visit the Waterford Viking Triangle.

The city was founded in 914 by the Vikings. The Norman King Henry II of England landed at Waterford in 1171. Waterford and then Dublin were made royal cities and in the Middle Ages, Waterford was Ireland's second city after Dublin. As a result, King Henry VII gave the city its motto: "Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia (Waterford remains the untaken city)".
After the Protestant Reformation, Waterford remained a Catholic city and participated in an independent Catholic government from 1642 to 1649. This was ended by Oliver Cromwell, who brought the country back under English rule; his son-in-law Henry Ireton finally took Waterford in 1650 after a battle.

The 18th century was a period of wealth for Waterford. Most of the city's best buildings came during this time. A permanent military base was established in the city with the Waterford Barracks at the end of the 18th century.

During the 19th century, great industries such as glass making and shipbuilding started in the city.

Reginald's Tower is the oldest urban civic building in Ireland, and the oldest monument to retain its Viking name. It is Waterford's most recognisable landmark. It is believed to be the first building in Ireland to use mortar. Reginald's Tower is in the Viking Triangle, a favourite visiting area for tourists which contains three museums and the Waterford Crystal factory and showroom. 

The River Suir, which flows through Waterford City, has provided a basis for the city's long maritime history. The place downriver from Waterford where the River Nore and the River Barrow join the River Suir is known in the Irish language as "Cumar na dTrí Uisce" ("The confluence of the three waters"). Waterford Port has been one of Ireland's major ports for over 1000 years. In the 19th century, shipbuilding was a major industry. The owners of the Neptune Shipyard, the Malcomson family, built and operated the largest fleet of iron steamers in the world between the mid-1850s and the late 1860s, including five trans-Atlantic passenger liners.

Waterford Airport is a regional airport. Waterford is also known for where of one of the biggest European airlines, Ryanair started from. The first flight was a 14-seat Bandeirante aircraft, flying between Waterford and Gatwick Airport.

Dissipation

In physics, dissipation includes the concept of a dynamical system where "important mechanical modes", such as waves or oscillations, lose energy over time, typically due to the action of friction or turbulence. The lost energy is converted into heat, raising the temperature of the system. Such systems are called dissipative systems. 

For example, a wave that loses amplitude is said to dissipate. The dissipative nature depends on the nature of the wave: an atmospheric wave, for instance, may dissipate close to the surface due to friction with the land mass, and at higher levels due to radiative cooling.

In computational physics, a numerical dissipation is also known as "artificial dissipation" or "artificial diffusion" or "numerical diffusion". They all mean this: when the pure advection equation--which, by definition, "is free of dissipation"--is solved by a numerical approximation method that reduces the amplitude and changes the shape of the initial wave in a way analogous (similar) to a diffusional process, the method is said to contain 'dissipation'.

In Hydrology, dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy. Various devices are designed in stream-beds (river-banks) to reduce the kinetic energy of flowing waters to reduce their erosive potential on banks and river bottoms. Very often these devices look like small waterfalls or cascades, where water flows vertically or over riprap to lose some of its kinetic force.

Galway

Galway is a port city in the western part of Ireland. It is in the historic province of Connacht. Over 70,000 people live there as of 2011. It is located on the Galway Bay.
<br>

Porta Alchemica

Porta Alchemica (English: "alchemical door"), or Alchemy Gate or Magic Portal, is an ancient monument built between 1678 and 1680 by "Massimiliano Palombara" marquis of Pietraforte (1614-1680) in his residence, Palombara villa, located in the east of Rome on the "Esquilino" hill in a position almost corresponding to "Piazza Vittorio", where today was placed. Porta Alchemica is the only survivor of the five gates of the Palombara villa, there was an lost door on the opposite side enabling to give it a date of 1680, there were also four other inscriptions lost on the walls of the mansion inside the villa.

According to a legend dated 1802 sent us by the scholar "Francesco Girolamo Cancellieri" , a pilgrim "stibeum" (from Latin: "stibium" = antimony) was hosted in the villa for a night. The "pellegrino", identifiable with the alchemist "Giustiniani Bono", stayed for a night in the gardens of the villa in search of a mysterious herb capable of producing gold, the next morning he was seen disappearing forever through the door, but left behind a few flakes of gold fruit of a successful alchemical transmutation, and a mysterious paper full of puzzles and magic symbols that would contain the secret of the Philosopher's Stone.

The marquis had engraved on the five gates of the villa Palombara and on the walls of the mansion, the content of the manuscript with symbols and riddles in the hope that one day someone would be able to understand them.

The interest of the Marquis Palombara for alchemy was born probably on his attendance since 1656, at the roman court of queen Christina of Sweden, at "Riario" palace (today "Palazzo Corsini") on the slopes of the "Gianicolo" hill. After the queen converted to Catholicism, she abdicated the throne of Sweden and he spent much of the rest of his life exiled in Rome from 1655 until her death in 1689.

Queen Christina had an alchemical laboratory in Riario palace attended by people like the esotericists "Giuseppe Francesco Borri", and the learned Athanasius Kircher possessor of the mysterious Voynich manuscript of enigmatic scripture full of magic symbols. According to a legend the same "Porta Alchemica" was built in 1680 as a celebration of a successful alchemical transmutation occurred in Riario laboratory.

Between 1678 and 1680 Borri aka "Giustiniani Bono", collaborated with Athanasius Kircher for construction of Porta Alchemica in Palombara villa. Gian Lorenzo Bernini, famous architect and Kircher friend, designed the door. On the door was transcribed the secret formula for producing gold discovery in those years in alchemical laboratory of queen Christina. Because of this revelation the Marquis Palombara, Bernini and Athanasius Kircher were murdered by poison at 28 November 1680, probably by the same Borri. The secret of the Philosopher's Stone was lost forever, or perhaps continued to be used by Borri. (It's amazing the similarity between portraits of Borri and the mysterious Count of St. Germain).

The particular drawing on the pediment of Porta Alchemica, with the two triangles overlap and inscriptions in Latin, appears almost exactly the same on the title of the book alchemical "Aureum Seculum Redivivum" of "Henricus Madatanus" aka "Adrian von Mynsicht" (1603-1638). The title page of the original of 1621 is very different, because the design that was inspired the Marquis Palombara appears exactly only in the posthumous edition of 1677. The same drawing appears in a bookmark possessed by "Berenger Saunière", who became the parish priest at Rennes-le-Château in 1885. The motto "Aureum Seculum Redivivum" recalled this "Novus Ordo Seclorum" in the Great Seal of the United States, motto also of the Bavarian Illuminati heirs of the 17th century Rosicrucianism.

Springfield, Massachusetts

Springfield is a city in Massachusetts, United States. In the year 2020, 155,929 people lived in the city and 700,000 people live in Metropolitan Springfield. Springfield is the largest city on the Connecticut River. It is at a natural crossroads where three rivers flow into the Connecticut River.

One of Springfield's nicknames is "The City of Firsts" because many famous inventions came from there, like:


Springfield is near Hartford, Connecticut. The two cities are only 24 miles (38 km) apart. Airline service to Springfield and Hartford is provided from Bradley International Airport. Bradley is 12 miles (19 km) away from Springfield, and 12 miles (19 km) away from Hartford. 

Many famous people are from Springfield: Dr. Seuss, the author, is from there. John Brown, the abolitionist, started his abolitionism here. James MacNeill Whistler, the famous painter, lived there too. Timothy Leary, the LSD activist was born there. Milton Bradley, the game-maker made his games, like "The Game of Life," and "Chutes and Ladders" there. Charles Goodyear, the man who invented vulcanized rubber, first made it in Springfield.

Springfield's other nicknames are "The City in a Forest," because it has a lot of trees in it, and "The City of Homes" because it has many big Victorian houses.

Springfield has two professional sports teams, the Springfield Falcons AHL ice hockey team, and the Springfield Armor NBA D-League basketball team. Both teams play home games at the MassMutual Center on Main Street in Springfield.

Many trains and buses meet in Springfield, because it is close to big cities like New York City, Boston, Montreal, and Albany. It is also next to New England's largest river, the Connecticut River. Springfield has always been a city that has welcomed immigrants.

If you visit Springfield, you can go to the Basketball Hall of Fame, or The Quadrangle museums - a group of art, science, and history museums around the Dr. Seuss sculptures. You could go to the Club Quarter, where there are many restaurants, bars, and discos. You could go to Forest Park, where there is a zoo, different sports fields, and a lake.

Global apartheid

Global apartheid is a term used to mean the worldwide control of resources, the economy, and government by an ethnic minority. The term comes from apartheid, a governmental system that ruled South Africa in which the Afrikaners, or "whites", controlled most of the resources and where non-whites were denied access to these resources. Apartheid or 'separate development' was introduced by the National Party after the 1948 election to protect European interests and identity by enforcing separation between the 'races'. The term is often used to describe the gap between whites and nonwhites, and global socioeconomic inequality, the existence of which has been proven by statistics. As in South Africa, there is a hierarchy of group rights in the world:


Although not explicitly classified by race, this hierarchy is banded by colour. Nationality laws of most countries, and the European Union, explicitly enshrine this ‘classification'.

European countries control most of the world's technology and weapons, and 20% of the global population, the richest percentage, take in 71.3% of income. Although most people of the world are not white, thereby making whites a minority, this minority often holds power in society. Most Western countries have laws against racial discrimination and active anti-racist movements, however much Western thought, law and action are exclusive, operating through institutional and indirect discrimination rather than overt racism. Their system of exclusion are more sophisticated, this prevents the West from exercising unconditional power in international affairs.

The term apartheid was famously used by Thabo Mbeki, the then-President of South Africa, in a 2002 speech, drawing comparisons the modern-day status of the world's people, economy, and access to natural resources to the apartheid era. Mbeki got the term from the book Unravelling Global Apartheid (1996) by Titus Alexander, initiator of Charter 99, a campaign for global democracy, who was present at the UN Millennium Summit.

Baccara

Baccara was a Spanish pop group. They were formed in 1977. It had two members: Mayte Mateos and María Mendiola. They were successful with their first song, "Yes Sir, I Can Boogie". Baccara represented Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1978. They performed "Parlez-vous français?". In 1981, Baccara split. Both Mateos and Mendiola then began work on music by themselves. revived several times in 1987-onwards. 


The Big Bang Theory

The Big Bang Theory is an American television sitcom. It was created and executive produced by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady. It was first shown on CBS on September 24, 2007.

The show starts by being centred on two male Caltech scientists who share an apartment in Pasadena, California. They are in their twenties and are both single for the first two seasons. One is an experimental physicist from New Jersey (Leonard Hofstadter). The other is a theoretical physicist from Texas (Sheldon Cooper). Sheldon has Asperger syndrome and obsessive-compulsive personality disorder and has a very low sex drive. They live across the hall from an attractive, bottle-blonde waitress from Nebraska (Penny). She is single and lives on her own for most of the show's run. She tried to become an actress, but only got a role in a television advertisement and a role in a B-movie called Serial Apeist as well as its sequel.

Leonard and Sheldon's geekiness and intellect are contrasted with Penny's social skills, popularity and lively sex life for comedic effect. Two equally geeky, single friends of Sheldon and Leonard's, Jewish Howard and Indian Rajesh, are also main characters. Howard lived with his mother during the first few seasons. Raj lives on his own. The show is produced by Warner Bros. Television and Chuck Lorre Productions. In March 2014, it was announced that "The Big Bang Theory" would continue for at least three more seasons on CBS.

The show began as a sitcom about four geeky, male scientists and their fun-loving, under-educated, socially successful waitress neighbour. Much of the humor revolved around the differences between scientists and the rest of the characters, especially Penny. From season 3 onwards, the show changed greatly into being a show about couples and families. Bernadette Rostenkowski was brought in during season 3 and started a relationship with Howard. The couple later married and had a daughter and a son. Amy Farrah-Fowler was also brought in during season 3 and started a relationship with Sheldon; they later got married and had one child. Leonard and Penny became a couple and married. The show frequently shuffles between romantic comedy and relationship drama.

Eleven seasons have been shown. The show's twelfth season was its last.

A prequel series, "Young Sheldon", began in 2017.



The show was first developed for the 2006-2007 television season. At that time, it was very different from the show that was later broadcast. Only Jim Parsons & Johnny Galecki were part of the original pilot. The character now played by Kaley Cuoco was much meaner to the geeks. CBS did not pick the show up, but gave Bill Prady and Chuck Lorre a second chance. They brought in Kaley Cuoco, Simon Helberg and Kunal Nayyar. They retooled the show.

The second pilot of "The Big Bang Theory" was directed by award-winning television directing veteran James Burrows. He decided not to stay with the show. This reworked pilot led to a 13-episode order by CBS on May 14, 2007. Before its airing on CBS, the pilot episode was distributed on iTunes free of charge. The show premiered September 24, 2007. It was picked up for a full 22-episode season order on October 19, 2007.

Production on the show was halted on November 6, 2007 by the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike. When the strike ended, the show was picked up for a second season for the 2008-2009 television season.

The show returned on March 17, 2008 . It had an earlier time slot and nine new episodes. The second season premiered, in the same slot, on September 22, 2008. During that season, the show's ratings grew. That led to a 
two-year renewal through the 2010-11 season.

David Saltzberg, a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California, Los Angeles, checks scripts and provides dialogue, math equations and diagrams used as props. He says he is more consultant than contributor. Executive producer/co-creator Bill Prady said, "In fact, we're working on giving Sheldon an actual problem that he's going to be working on throughout the [first] season so there's actual progress to the boards ... We worked hard to get all the science right."

Barenaked Ladies wrote and recorded the theme song, which describes developments the universe has undergone since the dawn of time. On October 9, 2007, a full-length (1 minute and 45 second) version of the song was released.


In the following summary, "rating" is the percentage of all households with televisions that tuned to the show, and "share" is the percentage of all televisions in use at that time that are tuned in. "18-49" is the percentage of all adults aged 18–49 tuned into the show. "Viewers" is the number of viewers, in millions, watching at the time. "Rank" is how well the show did compared to other TV shows aired that week.

Seasonal ratings based on average total viewers per episode of "The Big Bang Theory" on CBS:

The show made its UK debut on Channel 4 on February 14, 2008 bringing in an average audience of 1.0 million viewers. The second episode, shown the following week, also received 1.0 million. For the third episode an average of 1.1 million tuned in. The show is also shown as a 'first-look' on Channel 4's digital offshoot E4 the preceding evening, and brings in 400,000 viewers on average. The 5th episode received 880,000 viewers. After the first 5 episodes, the average number of viewers continues to hover around the 1 million mark. Episode 13 was watched by 1.3 million viewers and was the most watched episode.

In December 2008, Virgin Media made the first nine episodes of the first season available to watch on its TV Choice On Demand service, and the rest of Season 1 was made available in January 2009.

The show is also broadcast in:


Smilodon

Smilodon was a genus of saber-toothed cat. There were three species. "Smilodon gracilis" (or "S. fragilis") was the ancestral, smaller, species (2.5 to 0.5 million years ago).

"Smilodon populator" (1 mya to 10 kya) was a large, heavy species from eastern South America. It was 1.2 m high at the shoulder, 2.1 m (83 in) long on average. With an estimated weight of 220 to 400 kg, it was among the heaviest known felids. Its upper canines reached 28 cm (11 in) and protruded up to 17 cm (6.7 in) out of the upper jaw.

"Smilodon fatalis" (or "S. californicus"; 1.6 mya to 10,000 years ago) was the famous cat known from the Rancho La Brea tar pits in Los Angeles. The tar, a bit like asphalt, has yielded about a million bones of late Pleistocene mammals, of which 162,000 bones are from "Smilodon", representing perhaps 1200 individuals. The cat was about the size of a female lion, but weighed more, perhaps 200 kg. It was about 1 metre tall at the shoulders.

"Smilodon" is most famous for its relatively long canines, which are the longest found in the saber-toothed cats, at about long in the largest species "Smilodon populator". Those of "S. fatalis" reached their full size in 18 months at a growth rate of 7 mm/month. These canine teeth were slender and had fine serrations. They were fragile and could not have bitten into bone. Therefore, the cats did not use their long teeth to take down prey. Only when their prey was subdued did they use their teeth.

The front limbs on these cats were longer and stronger than modern cats, and from that, and its teeth, its method of attack must have been different. An educated guess would be: they were ambush predators, which clung on round the neck of their prey, and slashed at the underside of the throat. This contrasts with the method of the modern lion, which brings down its prey by weight of numbers, and clamps its jaws over the prey's nose and mouth. The prey dies of suffocation.

"Smilodon"&apos;s gape could have reached almost 120 degrees, while that of the modern lion reaches 65 degrees. This makes the gape wide enough to allow "Smilodon" to slash the throats of their victims without closing their jaws in a bite.

"Smilodon"'s niche was closer to a leopard's, which is also an ambush predator. They both need cover to get close to prey.
"Smilodon" had relatively short legs and a short, bobbed tail. Its front legs were especially powerful. Its body was adapted for springing onto prey, but it was not a very fast runner.

During the last ice age, there were many possible prey species from the La Brea location: mammoths, bison, horse, camel, ground sloth, pronghorn, tapir, deer,(elk and others). Most of these were extinct by 5 to 10,000 years ago. The pressures of a major climate change and human hunting were thought to be the main causes.
There was more plant cover at that time. Juniper, oaks, ragweeds, cedars, redwoods, sagebrush, sycamore, thistle and walnut grew in the environs. "Smilodon" survived so long as its prey had vegetation.

The Clash (Album)

The Clash is the first album-length recording made by English punk rock band the Clash. It was released twice. Both releases are still in print: the original version in 1977 and the changed U.S. version in 1979 (with several post-1977 single sides added to the album).

All tracks were written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted.


Tracks 1, 3–4, 6–8 are sung by Joe Strummer. Tracks 2 and 5 are sung by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones.


Give 'Em Enough Rope

Give 'Em Enough Rope is the second album by English punk rock band the Clash. It was released in 1978. In the United States, this was their first official album because it was released before the U.S. version of "The Clash". The album was well liked and got to number 2 in the UK chart, and number 128 in the U.S.

All songs were written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted. All songs were arranged by The Clash. All lead vocals were by Strummer, except "Stay Free" by Jones.



The Daily Show

The Daily Show (known currently as The Daily Show with Trevor Noah (Jon Stewart was the host from 1999-2015 and Craig Kilborn from 1996-1998) is an Emmy Award winning news parody television program. It airs each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central in the United States. The half-hour long program was first shown on Monday, July 22, 1996. It was first hosted by Craig Kilborn. Kilborn acted as its anchorman until December 1998. Jon Stewart took over as host in January 1999. Many changes were made to the program at that time. Stewart retired in 2015. The show will be hosted by South African comedian Trevor Noah in September 2015.

Under Stewart, "The Daily Show" has become more strongly focused around politics and the national media. It is much different to the more character-driven comedy which was shown more during Kilborn's time on the program. Stewart's final broadcast aired on August 6, 2015.

There have been many other on-air contributors to "The Daily Show" with some called "correspondents", including Dave Attell, Stephen Colbert, Steve Carell, Ed Helms, Rob Corddry, Susie Essman, Olivia Munn, Buck Henry, Lewis Black, Kristen Schaal, Larry Wilmore, and John Oliver.

Each episode begins with announcer Drew Birns announcing the date and the introduction, "From Comedy Central's World News Headquarters in New York, this is "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah"". Previously, the introduction was "This is "The Daily Show", the most important television program, ever." The host then opens the show with a monologue drawing from current news stories and issues. Previously, the show had divided its news commentary into sections known as "Headlines", "Other News", and "This Just In"; these titles were dropped from regular use on October 28, 2002, and were last used on March 6, 2003. Some episodes will begin with a 1–3 minute intro on a small story (or small set of stories) before fully transitioning into the main story of the night.

The monologue segment is often followed by a segment featuring an exchange with a correspondent, either at the anchor desk with the host or reporting from a false location in front of a greenscreen showing stock footage. They typically present absurd or humorously exaggerated takes on current events against the host's straight man. Some correspondent segments involve the show's members travelling to different locations to file comedic reports on current news stories and conduct interviews with people related to the featured issue.

Correspondents are typically introduced as the show's "senior" specialist in the story's subject, and can range from relatively general (such as Senior Political Analyst) to absurdly specific (such as Senior Religious Registry Correspondent). The cast of correspondents is quite diverse, and many often sarcastically portray extreme stereotypes of themselves to poke fun at a news story, such as "Senior Latino Correspondent", "Senior Youth Correspondent" or "Senior Black Correspondent".
Former correspondents John Oliver and Wyatt Cenac at the launch of "Earth (The Book): A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race"
While correspondents stated to be reporting abroad are usually performing in-studio in front of a greenscreen background, on rare occasions, cast members have recorded pieces on location. For instance, during the week of August 20, 2007, the show aired a series of segments called "Operation Silent Thunder: The Daily Show in Iraq" in which correspondent Rob Riggle reported from Iraq. In August 2008, Riggle traveled to China for a series of segments titled "Rob Riggle: Chasing the Dragon", which focused on the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

Jason Jones traveled to Iran in early June 2009 to report on the Iranian elections, and John Oliver traveled to South Africa for the series of segments "Into Africa" to report on the 2010 FIFA World Cup. In March 2012, Oliver traveled to Gabon, on the west African coast, to report on the Gabonese government's decision to donate $2 million to UNESCO after the United States cut its funding for UNESCO earlier that year. On July 19, 2016, Roy Wood Jr. reported live from the Republican National Convention and talked about Donald Trump's African-American support.

Topics have varied widely; during the early years of the show, they tended toward character-driven human interest stories such as Bigfoot enthusiasts. Since Stewart began hosting in 1999, the focus of the show has become more political and the field pieces have come to more closely reflect current issues and debates. Under Kilborn and the early years of Stewart, most interviewees were either unaware or not entirely aware of the comedic nature of "The Daily Show". However, as the show began to gain popularity—particularly following its coverage of the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections—most of the subjects now interviewed are aware of the comedic element.

Main article: List of The Daily Show recurring segments

Some segments have recurred periodically throughout different tenures, such as "Back in Black" (segments hosted by comedian Lewis Black) & "Your Moment of Zen". Since the 2003 invasion of Iraq, a common segment of the show has been dubbed "Mess O' Potamia", focusing on the United States' policies in the Middle East, especially Iraq. Elections in the United States were a prominent focus in the show's "Indecision" coverage throughout Stewart & Noah's time as host (the title "InDecision" is a parody of NBC News' "Decision" segment). Since 2000, under Stewart's tenure, the show went on the road to record week-long specials from the cities hosting the Democratic and Republican National Convention. For the 2006 U.S. midterm elections, a week of episodes was recorded in the contested state of Ohio. The "Indecision" & "Democalypse" coverage of the 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016 elections all culminated in live Election Night specials.

With Noah as host, one new recurring segment has been "What the Actual Fact", with correspondent Desi Lydic examining statements made by political figures during speeches or events. Under Noah, the continuation of "Democalypse" and "Indecision" also took place with live shows after the Republican National Convention and Democratic National Convention. For the first time, under Noah, the show also went live after all three U.S. presidential debates in 2016.

In the show's third act, the host conducts an interview with a celebrity guest. Guests come from a wide range of cultural sources, and include actors, musicians, authors, athletes, pundits, policy experts and political figures. During Stewart's tenure, the show's guests tended away from celebrities and more towards non-fiction authors and political pundits, as well as many prominent elected officials. In the show's earlier years it struggled to book high-profile politicians. (In 1999, for an "Indecision 2000" segment, Steve Carell struggled to talk his way off Republican candidate John McCain's press overflow bus and onto the Straight Talk Express). However its rise in popularity, particularly following the show's coverage of the 2000 and 2004 elections, made Stewart according to a "Rolling Stone" (2006) article, "the hot destination for anyone who wants to sell books or seem hip, from presidential candidates to military dictators". "Newsweek" labeled it "the coolest pit stop on television".

Prominent political guests have included U.S. President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton, former British Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, former Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Bolivian President Evo Morales, Jordanian King Abdullah II, Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Roivas, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and former Mexican President Vicente Fox.

The show has played host to former and current members of the Administration and Cabinet as well as members of Congress. Numerous presidential candidates have appeared on the show during their campaigns, including John McCain, John Kerry, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.

In a closing segment, there is a brief segue to the closing credits in the form of the host introducing "Your Moment of Zen", a humorous piece of video footage without commentary that has been part of the show's wrap-up since the series began in 1996. The segment often relates to a story covered earlier in the episode, but occasionally is merely a humorous or ridiculous clip. Occasionally, the segment is used as a tribute to someone who has died.

Sometimes, before the "Your Moment of Zen", this segment is used for quick promotions. The host might promote the show that follows right after their broadcast, such as promoting the show "@midnight". This time has also been used to promote films, books or stand-up specials that are affiliated with the host.

In October 2005, following "The Colbert Report"'s premiere, a new feature (sometimes referred to as the toss) was added to the closing segment in which Stewart would have a short exchange with "our good friend, Stephen Colbert at "The Colbert Report"", which aired immediately after. The two would have a scripted comedic exchange via split-screen from their respective sets. In 2007, the "toss" was cut back to twice per week, and by 2009 was once a week before gradually being phased out. It was used on the 2014 mid-term election night and again just before the final episode of "The Colbert Report" on December 18, 2014, and returned upon the premiere of "The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore". Stewart then regularly tossed to Wilmore at the end of his Monday night episodes. Under Noah, the "toss" has been used for "The Opposition with Jordan Klepper" and "Lights Out with David Spade".

Outside of the "Daily Show" studio, pictured in 2007, during Stewart's tenure

The host sits at his desk on the elevated island stage in the style of a traditional news show. The show relocated from its original New York studio in late-1998 to NEP Studio 54 in New York City's Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, where it remained until 2005, when the studio was claimed by "The Colbert Report". On July 11, 2005, the show premiered in its new studio, NEP Studio 52, at 733 11th Avenue, a few blocks west of its former location. The set of the new studio was given a sleeker, more formal look, including a backdrop of three large projection screens. The traditional guests' couch, which had been a part of the set since the show's premiere, was done away with in favor of simple upright chairs. The change was initially not well-received, spawning a backlash among some fans and prompting a "Bring Back the Couch" campaign. The campaign was mentioned on subsequent shows by Stewart and supported by "Daily Show" contributor Bob Wiltfong. The couch was eventually featured in a sweepstakes in which the winner received the couch, round-trip tickets to New York, tickets to the show, and a small sum of money.
The sign over the entryway of the current "Daily Show" studio

On April 9, 2007, the show debuted a new set. The projection screens were revamped (with one large screen behind Stewart, while the smaller one behind the interview subject remained the same), a large, global map directly behind Stewart, a more open studio floor, and a J-shaped desk supported at one end by a globe. The intro was also updated; the graphics, display names, dates, and logos were all changed.
Outside of the "Daily Show" studio, pictured in 2019, during Noah's tenure

On September 28, 2015, the show debuted a new set alongside the debut of Trevor Noah's tenure. According to Larry Hartman, Noah took a lot of inspiration from Stewart's set. A second on-stage 'jumbo-tron' was added and the colours of the set were made lighter. The graphics, intro, theme music, lower thirds, logo, etc. were also all revamped. On July 19, 2016, the set and graphics were given another change to reflect Democalypse 2016 and denote "The Daily Show"'s RNC and DNC coverage (which was taped in the conventions' respective cities). The new temporary sets had a Washington theme, and was meant to show that Washington is "a little broke" and needs "repair". Though the studio was reverted to its former self after the election week in 2016, the changes to the graphics were kept.

Since March 2020, due to the pandemic, the studio has been closed and the show has been filmed from Noah's apartment.

The show's writers begin each day with a morning meeting where they review material that researchers have gathered from major newspapers, the Associated Press, cable news television channels and websites, and discuss headline material for the lead news segment. Throughout the morning they work on writing deadline pieces inspired by recent news, as well as longer-term projects. By lunchtime, Noah — who describes his role as that of the captain of a team — has begun to review headline jokes. The script is submitted by 3 pm, and at 4:15 there is a rehearsal. An hour is left for rewrites before a 6 pm taping in front of a live studio audience.

"The Daily Show" typically tapes four new episodes a week, Monday through Thursday, forty-two weeks a year. The show is broadcast at 11 PM Eastern/10 PM Central, a time when local television stations show their news reports and about half an hour before most other late-night comedy programs begin to go on the air. The program is rerun several times the next day, including a 7:30 PM Eastern/6:30 PM Central prime time broadcast.

"The Daily Show" was created by Lizz Winstead and Madeleine Smithberg and premiered on Comedy Central on July 22, 1996, having been marketed as a replacement for "Politically Incorrect" (a successful Comedy Central program that had moved to ABC earlier that year). Madeleine Smithberg was co-creator of "The Daily Show" as well as the former executive producer. A graduate of Binghamton University, she was an executive producer of "Steve Harvey's Big Time" and a talent coordinator for "Late Night with David Letterman".

Aiming to parody conventional newscasts, it featured a comedic monologue of the day's headlines from anchor Craig Kilborn (a well-known co-anchor of ESPN's "SportsCenter"), as well as mockumentary style on-location reports, in-studio segments and debates from regular correspondents Winstead, Brian Unger, Beth Littleford, and A. Whitney Brown.

Common segments included "This Day in Hasselhoff History" and "Last Weekend's Top-Grossing Films, Converted into Lira", in parody of entertainment news shows and their tendency to lead out to commercials with trivia such as celebrity birthdays. Another commercial lead-out featured Winstead's parents, on her answering machine, reading that day's "Final Jeopardy!" question and answer. In each show, Kilborn would conduct celebrity interviews, ending with a segment called "Five Questions" in which the guest was made to answer a series of questions that were typically a combination of obscure fact and subjective opinion. These are highlighted in a 1998 book titled "The Daily Show: Five Questions", which contains transcripts of Kilborn's best interviews. Each episode concluded with a segment called "Your Moment of Zen" that showed random video clips of humorous and sometimes morbid interest such as visitors at a Chinese zoo feeding baby chickens to the alligators. Originally the show was recorded without a studio audience, featuring only the laughter of its own off-camera staff members. A studio audience was incorporated into the show for its second season, and has remained since.

The show was much less politically focused than it later became under Jon Stewart, having what Stephen Colbert described as a local news feel and involving more character-driven humor as opposed to news-driven humor. Winstead recalls that when the show was first launched there was constant debate regarding what the show's focus should be. While she wanted a more news-driven focus, the network was concerned that this would not appeal to viewers and pushed for "a little more of a hybrid of entertainment and politics". The show was slammed by some reviewers as being too mean-spirited, particularly towards the interview subjects of field pieces; a criticism acknowledged by some of the show's cast. Describing his time as a correspondent under Kilborn, Colbert says, "You wanted to take your soul off, put it on a wire hanger, and leave it in the closet before you got on the plane to do one of these pieces." One reviewer from "The New York Times" criticized the show for being too cruel and for lacking a central editorial vision or ideology, describing it as "bereft of an ideological or artistic center... precocious but empty."

There were reports of backstage friction between Kilborn and some of the female staff, particularly the show's co-creator Lizz Winstead. Winstead had not been involved in the hiring of Kilborn, and disagreed with him over what direction the show should take. "I spent eight months developing and staffing a show and seeking a tone with producers and writers. Somebody else put him in place. There were bound to be problems. I viewed the show as content-driven; he viewed it as host-driven", she said. In a 1997 "Esquire" magazine interview, Kilborn made a sexually explicit joke about Winstead. Comedy Central responded by suspending Kilborn without pay for one week, and Winstead quit soon after.

In 1998, Kilborn left "The Daily Show" to replace Tom Snyder on CBS's "The Late Late Show" (Now Hosted by James Corden). He claimed the "Five Questions" interview segment as intellectual property, disallowing any future "Daily Show" hosts from using it in their interviews. Correspondents Brian Unger and A. Whitney Brown left the show shortly before him, but the majority of the show's crew and writing staff stayed on. Kilborn's last show as host aired on December 17, 1998, ending a 386-episode tenure. Reruns were shown until Jon Stewart's debut four weeks later. Kilborn made a short appearance on Jon Stewart's final edition of the "Daily Show" saying "I knew you were going to run this thing into the ground."

Jon Stewart "(right)" hosting an episode of "The Daily Show" in 2010 with Admiral Michael Mullen

Comedian Jon Stewart took over as host of the show, which was retitled "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", on January 11, 1999. Stewart had previously hosted "Short Attention Span Theater" on Comedy Central, two shows on MTV ("You Wrote It, You Watch It" and The Jon Stewart Show), as well as a syndicated late-night talk show, and had been cast in films and television. In taking over hosting from Kilborn, Stewart initially retained much of the same staff and on-air talent, allowing many pieces to transition without much trouble, while other features like "God Stuff", with John Bloom presenting an assortment of actual clips from various televangelists, and "Backfire", an in-studio debate between Brian Unger and A. Whitney Brown, evolved into the similar pieces of "This Week in God" and Stephen Colbert and Steve Carell's "Even Stevphen". After the change, a number of new features were developed. The ending segment "Your Moment of Zen", previously consisting of a random selection of humorous videos, was diversified to sometimes include recaps or extended versions of news clips shown earlier in the show. The show's theme music, "Dog on Fire" by Bob Mould, was re-recorded by They Might Be Giants shortly after Stewart joined the show.

Stewart served not only as host but also as a writer and executive producer of the series. He recalls that he initially struggled with the Kilborn holdover writers to gain control of the show and put his own imprint on the show's voice, a struggle that led to the departure of a number of the holdover writers. Instrumental in shaping the voice of the show under Stewart was former editor of "The Onion" Ben Karlin who, along with fellow "Onion" contributor David Javerbaum, joined the staff in 1999 as head writer and was later promoted to executive producer. Their experience in writing for the satirical newspaper, which uses fake stories to mock real print journalism and current events, would influence the comedic direction of the show; Stewart recalls the hiring of Karlin as the point at which things "[started] to take shape". Describing his approach to the show, Karlin said, "The main thing, for me, is seeing hypocrisy. People who know better saying things that you know they don't believe."

Logo used for Stewart's tenure

Under Stewart and Karlin "The Daily Show" developed a markedly different style, bringing a sharper political focus to the humor than the show previously exhibited. Then-correspondent Stephen Colbert recalls that Stewart specifically asked him to have a political viewpoint, and to allow his passion for issues to carry through into his comedy. Colbert says that whereas under Kilborn the focus was on "human interest-y" pieces, with Stewart as host the show's content became more "issues and news driven", particularly after the beginning of the 2000 election campaign with which the show dealt in its "Indecision 2000" coverage. Stewart himself describes the show's coverage of the 2000 election recount as the point at which the show found its editorial voice. "That's when I think we tapped into the emotional angle of the news for us and found our editorial footing," he says. Following the September 11th attacks, "The Daily Show" went off the air for nine days. Upon its return, Stewart opened the show with a somber monologue, that, according to Jeremy Gillick and Nonna Gorilovskaya, addressed both the absurdity and importance of his role as a comedian. Commented Stewart:They said to get back to work, and there were no jobs available for a man in the fetal position. ...We sit in the back and we throw spitballs – never forgetting the fact that it is a luxury in this country that allows us to do that. ...The view from my apartment was the World Trade Center. Now it's gone. They attacked it. This symbol of American ingenuity and strength and labor and imagination and commerce and it is gone. But you know what the view is now? The Statue of Liberty. The view from the south of Manhattan is now the Statue of Liberty. You can't beat that.

— Gillick and Gorilovskaya point to the September 11 attacks and the beginning of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as the point at which Jon Stewart emerged as a trusted national figure. Robert Thompson, the director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University, recalled of this period, "When all the news guys were walking on eggshells, Jon was hammering those questions about WMDs."

During Stewart's tenure, the role of the correspondent broadened to encompass not only field segments but also frequent in-studio exchanges. Under Kilborn, Colbert says that his work as a correspondent initially involved "character driven [field] pieces—like, you know, guys who believe in Bigfoot." However, as the focus of the show has become more news-driven, correspondents have increasingly been used in studio pieces, either as experts discussing issues at the anchor desk or as field journalists reporting from false locations in front of a green screen. Colbert says that this change has allowed correspondents to be more involved with the show, as it has permitted them to work more closely with the host and writers.

The show's 2000 and 2004 election coverage, combined with a new satirical edge, helped to catapult Stewart and "The Daily Show" to new levels of popularity and critical respect. Since Stewart became host, the show has won 23 Primetime Emmy Awards and three Peabody Awards, and its ratings steadily increased. In 2003, the show was averaging nearly a million viewers, an increase of nearly threefold since the show's inception as Comedy Central became available in more households. By September 2008, the show averaged nearly two million viewers per night. Senator Barack Obama's interview on October 29, 2008, pulled in 3.6 million viewers.

The move towards greater involvement in political issues and the increasing popularity of the show in certain key demographics have led to examinations of where the views of the show fit in the political spectrum. Adam Clymer, among many others, has argued that "The Daily Show" is more critical of Republicans than Democrats. Stewart, who voted Democratic in the 2004 presidential election, acknowledged that the show has a more liberal point of view, but that it is not "a liberal organization" with a political agenda and its duty first and foremost is to be funny. He acknowledges that the show is not necessarily an "equal opportunity offender", explaining that Republicans tended to provide more comedic fodder because "I think we consider those with power and influence targets and those without it, not." In an interview in 2005, when asked how he responded to critics claiming that "The Daily Show" is overly liberal, Stephen Colbert, also a self-proclaimed Democrat, said in an interview during the Bush Administration, when the Republicans held a majority in the House and Senate: "We are liberal, but Jon's very respectful of the Republican guests, and, listen, if liberals were in power it would be easier to attack them, but Republicans have the executive, legislative and judicial branches, so making fun of Democrats is like kicking a child, so it's just not worth it."

Stewart is critical of Democratic politicians for being weak, timid, or ineffective. He said in an interview with Larry King, prior to the 2006 elections, "I honestly don't feel that [the Democrats] make an impact. They have forty-nine percent of the vote and three percent of the power. At a certain point you go, 'Guys, pick up your game.'" He has targeted them for failing to effectively stand on some issues, such as the war in Iraq, describing them as "incompetent" and "unable... to locate their asses, even when presented with two hands and a special ass map."

Karlin, then the show's executive producer, said in a 2004 interview that while there is a collective sensibility among the staff which, "when filtered through Jon and the correspondents, feels uniform," the principal goal of the show is comedy. "If you have a legitimately funny joke in support of the notion that gay people are an affront to God, we'll put that motherfucker on!"

On September 15, 2003, Senator John Edwards became the first candidate to announce that they were running for president on the show, causing Jon Stewart to jokingly inform him that their show was "fake" and he might have to reannounce elsewhere. On November 17, 2009, Vice President Joe Biden appeared on the show, making him the first sitting vice president to do so. On October 27, 2010, President Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to be interviewed on the show, wherein Obama commented he "loved" the show. Obama took issue with Stewart's suggestion that his health care program was "timid."

After the United States Senate failed to pass and the media failed to cover the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act, which would provide health monitoring and financial aid to sick first responders of the September 11 attacks, Stewart dedicated the entire December 16, 2010, broadcast to the issue. During the next week, a revived version of the bill gained new life, with the potential of being passed before the winter recess. Stewart was praised by both politicians and affected first responders for the bill's passage. According to Syracuse University professor of television, radio and film Robert J. Thompson, "Without him, it's unlikely it would've passed. I don't think Brian Williams, Katie Couric or Diane Sawyer would've been allowed to do this."

Due to the 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike, the show went on hiatus on November 5, 2007. Although the strike continued until February 2008, the show returned to air on January 7, 2008, without its staff of writers. In solidarity with the writers, the show was referred to as A Daily Show with Jon Stewart rather than "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart," until the end of the strike. As a member of the Writers Guild of America, Stewart was barred from writing any material for the show himself which he or his writers would ordinarily write. As a result, Stewart and the correspondents largely ad-libbed the show around planned topics.

In an effort to fill time while keeping to the strike-related restrictions, the show aired or re-aired some previously recorded segments, and Stewart engaged in a briefly recurring mock feud with fellow late-night hosts Stephen Colbert and Conan O'Brien. The strike officially ended on February 12, 2008, with the show's writers returning to work the following day, at which point the title of "The Daily Show" was restored.

Starting in June 2013, Jon Stewart took a twelve-week break to direct "Rosewater", a drama about a journalist jailed by Iran for four months. Show writer John Oliver replaced Stewart at the anchor desk for two months, to be followed by one month of reruns. Oliver received positive reviews for his hosting, leading to his departure from the show in December 2013 for his own show "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver", which debuted April 27, 2014, on HBO.

Barack Obama made his final appearance on the show with Jon Stewart as host on July 21, 2015

On February 10, 2015, Stewart announced that he would be leaving the show later in the year. Comedy Central indicated in a statement that "The Daily Show" would continue without Stewart, saying it would "endure for years to come".

On June 25, 2015, Comedy Central announced that to lead up to Stewart's final episode, it would hold "Your Month of Zen"—an online marathon streaming every episode of Stewart's tenure from June 26 to August 6, 2015.

On August 5, 2015, Stewart's longtime friend of 30 years comedian Louis C.K. was selected to be the last guest before the final Daily Show episode with Stewart helming the show. C.K. joked that he was there "representing comedy to say good job".

On August 6, 2015, Stewart's final episode aired as an hour-long special in three segments. The first featured a reunion of a majority of the correspondents and contributors from throughout the show's history as well as a pre-recorded "anti-tribute" (mocking Stewart) from various frequent guests and "friends" of the show. This included Bill O'Reilly, Hillary Clinton, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Chris Christie, John Kerry, and Chuck Schumer.

The second segment featured a pre-recorded tour of the Daily Show production facility and studio introducing all of the show's staff and crew. The final segment featured a short farewell speech from Stewart followed by the final "Moment of Zen" (being 'his own' moment of zen): a performance of "Land of Hope and Dreams" and "Born to Run" by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.

On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Trevor Noah would replace Stewart as host of "The Daily Show". Shortly after his announcement, it was revealed that Amy Schumer, Louis C.K., Amy Poehler, and Chris Rock were all considered for the job. His first show was on September 28, 2015, with comedian Kevin Hart as his first guest. Noah's premiere episode was simulcast by Viacom on Comedy Central, the Nick at Nite block on Nickelodeon, Spike, MTV, MTV2, mtvU, VH1, VH1 Classic, BET, Centric, CMT, TV Land and Logo TV.

On September 14, 2017, it was announced that Comedy Central had extended Trevor Noah's contract as host of "The Daily Show" for five years, through 2022.

Ratings declined by about 37 percent at the start of Noah's tenure, and have gradually increased since then, only to once again fall down to the lowest ratings in 15 years in 2020.

In addition to changes in the tone of the show, Noah has also implemented stylistic changes to the show, with an updated set, new graphics and his monologue sometimes taking place while standing in front of a screen as opposed to sitting at the desk. Trevor also increased the usage of more millennial-based references, impersonations and characterizations for his comedy on the show, due to his younger demographic and his ability to speak in multiple accents and eight languages.

The debut of "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah" brought along three new correspondents: Roy Wood Jr., Desi Lydic and Ronny Chieng.

Additional correspondents were added in 2017. Michael Kosta became the Senior Constitutional Correspondent and Senior American Correspondent on July 11, 2017. Dulcé Sloan became the Senior Fashion Correspondent on September 7, 2017.

In January 2016, "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah" started to use a modified version of the show's previous theme, remixed by Timbaland and King Logan.

Noah also avoided talking too much about Fox News, as Stewart was previously known for. ""The Daily Show" was based on an emerging 24 hour news cycle, that’s everything it was, that’s what inspired "The Daily Show". Now you look at news and it’s changed. It’s no longer predicated around 24 hour news. There are so many different choices. Half of it is online now. Now you’ve got the Gawkers, the Buzzfeeds. The way people are drawing their news is soundbites and headlines and click-bait links has changed everything. The biggest challenge is going to be an exciting one I'm sure is how are we going to bring all of that together looking at it from a bigger lens as opposed to just going after one source—which was historically Fox News," Noah said at a press conference before the show's debut.

On December 8, 2015, former host Jon Stewart returned to "The Daily Show" for the first time in an extended-length show to return attention to extending the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act, otherwise referred to as 9/11 First Responders Bill, which Stewart explained had been blocked by Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell for political reasons. On October 20, 2016, Noah was unable to host a scheduled taping of "The Daily Show" due to illness, so correspondent Jordan Klepper guest hosted.

On November 16, 2017, Stewart once again returned to "The Daily Show", in part as a parody of the robocalls of fake "Washington Post" reporter "Bernie Bernstein" and to promote "Night of Too Many Stars" on HBO.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, it was initially announced that starting March 16, 2020, the show would do away with the live audience, like all other live shows were starting to do. However, that day, Noah posted a short video explaining that they would not do that because of social distancing. On March 18, 2020, Noah did a modified version of "The Daily Show" from his own home for Comedy Central's website and "The Daily Show"'s YouTube channel called "The Daily Social Distancing Show with Trevor Noah". On March 21, 2020, it was announced that this format would be moving to linear television beginning March 23, 2020. The Daily Show won the 2020 Webby Award for Humor in the category Social.

On June 15, 2021, it was announced that "The Daily Social Distancing Show" would go on a three-month hiatus beginning after the episode airing on June 17. According to a press release, it will resume on September 13 with a "brand-new look", but gave no other information beyond that, or any indication if the show would be returning to the studio.

Following the cancellation of "Lights Out with David Spade, The Daily Show" expanded into a 45-minute format beginning April 27, 2020. In July 2020, Comedy Central head Chris McCarthy told "Vulture" that there were plans to possibly extend the show to an hour-long format by the end of the year.

Main articles: List of The Daily Show correspondents and List of The Daily Show writers

The show's correspondents have two principal roles: experts with satirical senior titles that Noah interviews about certain issues, or hosts of field reporting segments which often involve humorous commentary and interviews relating to a current issue. The current team of correspondents collectively known as "The World's Fakest News Team" (formerly known as "The Best F#@king News Team Ever") includes Ronny Chieng, Michael Kosta, Desi Lydic, Dulcé Sloan, Roy Wood Jr. and Jaboukie Young-White. Contributors appear on a less frequent basis, often with their own unique recurring segment or topic. Current contributors are Lewis Black, Neal Brennan, and Gina Yashere. Ben Karlin says that the on-air talent contribute in many ways to the material they perform, playing an integral role in the creation of their field pieces as well as being involved with their scripted studio segments, either taking part early on in the writing process or adding improvised material during the rehearsal.

The show has featured a number of well-known comedians throughout its run and is notable for boosting the careers of several of these. Scott Dikkers, editor-in-chief of "The Onion", describes it as a key launching pad for comedic talent, saying that "I don't know if there's a better show you could put on your resume right now." Steve Carell, who was a correspondent between 1999 and 2005 before moving on to a movie career and starring television role in "The Office", credits Stewart and "The Daily Show" with his success. In 2005, the show's longest-serving correspondent, Stephen Colbert, became the host of the spin-off "The Colbert Report", earning critical and popular acclaim. Colbert would host the program until he was chosen to replace David Letterman as host of CBS's "Late Show" in 2015. Ed Helms, a former correspondent from 2002 to 2006, also starred on NBC's "The Office" and was a main character in the 2009 hit "The Hangover".

After filling in as host during Stewart's two-month absence in the summer of 2013, John Oliver went on to host his own show on HBO, "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver". In 2016, former correspondent Samantha Bee launched her own late-night talk show "Full Frontal with Samantha Bee". Bee's husband Jason Jones, also a former correspondent, serves as executive producer for the show. Hasan Minhaj, the last correspondent hired during Stewart's tenure as host, left the show in 2018 to host "Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj" on Netflix.

In June 2010, actress-comedian Olivia Munn began a tryout period on the show as a correspondent. Her credentials were questioned by Irin Carmon of the website Jezebel, who suggested that Munn was better known as a sex symbol than as a comedian. Carmon's column was denounced by Munn and the "Daily Show"'s female writers, producers, and correspondents, 32 of whom posted a rebuttal on the show's website in which they asserted that the description of the "Daily Show" office given by the Jezebel piece was not accurate. Munn appeared as a "Daily Show" correspondent in a total of 16 episodes, from June 2010 to September 2011.

Wyatt Cenac had a tumultuous tenure on the show, revealing in a July 2015 interview on "WTF with Marc Maron", that his departure stemmed in part from a heated argument he had with Jon Stewart in June 2011 over a bit about Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain. However, Cenac did return for Stewart's final episode to bid him farewell and the two exchanged an intentionally awkward conversation.


Ritchie Neville

Richard Neville Dobson known professionally as Ritchie Neville (born 23 August, 1979, in Solihull, Birmingham, England) is an English singer. He is best known for being a member of UK boy band Five. Neville attended the private Bromsgrove School in Worcestershire and was taught by Mike Perry.

Five (band)

Five were a British boy band formed in 1997 by the same team that formed the Spice Girls, Bob Herbert and his son Chris. Signed by Simon Cowell, they enjoyed success worldwide, but particularly in the UK, parts of Europe, Russia, parts of Asia, Brazil, Israel, Australia, New Zealand and USA. They broke up on 27 September 2001, after selling almost 20 million records, and having 11 top ten singles and 4 top ten albums in the UK. The five members were Scott Robinson, Ritchie Neville, Jason 'J' Brown, Richard 'Abs' Breen and Sean Conlon. Four of the five original members briefly reformed the group on September 27, 2006, but only 7 months after announcing a comeback, Five made an announcement by their official website they would again disband. They reformed in 2012.

Secret Diary of a Call Girl

Secret Diary of a Call Girl (also known as Secret Diary) is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 starring Billie Piper as "Belle", a high-class London-based call girl. The story is based on the blogs of Belle de Jour.

The first 8 part series began on 27 September 2007 at 10pm. The second 8 part series began on 11 September 2008 at 10pm.

ITV2

ITV2 is a free television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd, a part of ITV plc. It started on 7 December 1998. For a long time, it was the most popular channel other than the main five analogue channels. Now, ITV3 is the most popular other than these.

The channel shows many American programmes such as "Family Guy", "American Dad!", and "The Vampire Diaries". It also has its own programmes that have been popular, such as "Celebrity Juice" and "Love Island".


Belle de Jour (writer)

Belle de Jour is the "pen name" of a former London call girl, Brooke Magnanti (born 5 November 1975). Under this name she maintains a successful blog, "Belle de Jour: Diary of a London Call Girl" which by 2003 had been selected by "The Guardian" as its blog of the year and has had two books published in both the UK and US.

Magnanti was born and raised in Clearwater, Florida. Her father is Italian American; her mother is Jewish American. Magnanti became a British citizen in 2013. She is married and lives in Lochaber in the Scottish Highlands. She is a former prostitute.
The name recalls the 1928 novel "Belle de Jour" by Joseph Kessel and the 1967 movie, "Belle de Jour", starring Catherine Deneuve, directed by Luis Buñuel.

In French "Belle de Jour" means "beauty of [the] day," as opposed to "femme de nuit" or "belle de nuit," women of the night (common euphemisms for prostitutes).

Cloth mill Offermann

In the 18th century, the cloth mill Offermann was a brass factory in the German city of Stolberg. It was later changed to cloth mill and then to a restaurant and apartment building. The changes show the change of economical needs in that city.

The building was founded as a brass factory. In the 18th century, it was one of many brass factories in the city.

At the end of the 18th century, the brass industry in Stolberg lost importance. The building was sold to a clothier of the nearby village of Imgenbroich. He produced cloth for more than 60 years.

At the beginning of the 19th century, the building was used as a restaurant. Some parts of the building were greatly in need of repair.

At the end of the 20th century, major repairs were done to the building. Currently, it is used as an apartment building.



St. Anger

St. Anger is the 8th studio album by American thrash metal band Metallica. It was released on June 5, 2003. It was their last album released by Elektra Records. Four singles were released from the album. In 2004, the album's lead single, "St. Anger", won a Grammy Award for "Best Metal Performance". A lot of people did not like the style of this album and the way the drums sounded. It also has a free DVD that has the band playing the entire album in a studio.

Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!

Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good! is the first studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. The album was released on June 12, 1985. It was released by Combat Records. 

In early 1985, the band was given $8,000 by Combat Records. The band was given this money to record and produce their first album. Later, the band was given another $4,000. Most of the money was spent on drugs, alcohol, and food. Megadeth fired their producer, and produced the record by themselves. A new version of the album was made in 2018. It was named "Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good! - The Final Kill".

Dalek

The Daleks are a made-up alien race of mutants from the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". Daleks are aliens from the planet Skaro, integrated within a tank-like metal casing. The creatures are a powerful race who always wanted universal conquest and control, they have no pity, feelings or guilt (as all of their emotions were removed except hate).

The Daleks are one of the most powerful races ever in "Doctor Who" history and are the Doctor's worst enemies. They cry "EX-TER-MIN-ATE!" when they are about to kill someone. They come in different colours, like bronze, black, red, white, gold, and silver. They first appeared in the first season episode of the series (in "The Daleks") and they were last seen in the Series 7 episode "Asylum of the Daleks" (2012). They are not robots, but horrible aliens kept in a metal casing, because they became mutated during a war on their planet, Skaro. They were created by an evil scientist named Davros. They can not be easily hurt by guns as their casing reflects the bullets that come from the gun and a shield melts bullets shot at them.

Daleks were created by writer Terry Nation and designed by BBC designer Raymond Cusick. They were introduced in December 1963 in the second "Doctor Who" serial. From their first appearance they became very popular with viewers. They appeared in many later serials and two 1960s motion pictures. The word "Dalek" has been put into the "Oxford English Dictionary" and other major dictionaries; the "Collins Dictionary" defines it rather broadly as "any of a set of fictional robot-like creations that are aggressive, mobile, and produce rasping staccato speech". Although there is no meaning to their name, "Dalek" sounds like the Norwegian word "dårlig", which means "bad" or "evil". It is also a trademark, having first been registered by the BBC in 1964 to protect its range of Dalek merchandise.

The Daleks were on a postage stamp celebrating British popular culture in 1999, photographed by Lord Snowdon.

On the outside, Daleks are five to six feet (152 to 183 cm) tall. On the top, they have a rotating dome with a telescope for seeing. They have two arms. One arm has an energy weapon (or "death ray"), which looks like an long egg beater or the framework of a paint roller. In some episodes, this could also fire a gas or projectiles. Their other arm is a telescope with a plunger on the end, which they use as a hand. The actual Dalek creature inside the metal casing is very rarely seen. It looks like an octopus or a squid.

Early versions of the Daleks were rolled around on castors or moved by wheels connected to hand cranks by bicycle chains. Later versions had more efficient wheels (from shopping carts, according to Blue Peter) and were simply moved by the seated operators' feet, but they were so heavy that when going up ramps they often had to be pushed by stagehands where the camera could not see. The difficulty of operating all the parts at once contributed to the occasionally jerky movements of the Dalek. The latest model of the costume still has a human operator within, but the movement of the dome and eyestalk are now remotely controlled so that the operator can concentrate on the smooth movement of the Dalek and its arms.

The Daleks have appeared on the show many times and their design has seen many changes. The storylines do not all line up. When the Daleks first appeared in "The Daleks", they were presented as the descendants of the Dals, mutated after a brief nuclear war between the Dal and Thal races. In 1975, Terry Nation revised the Daleks' origins in "Genesis of the Daleks", where the Dals were now called Kaleds (of which Daleks is an anagram), and the Dalek design was attributed to one man, the crippled Kaled chief scientist Davros.

Instead of a short nuclear exchange, the Kaled-Thal war was portrayed as a thousand-year-long war, fought with nuclear and other weapons causing widespread mutations among the Kaled race. Davros experimented on living Kaled cells to find the ultimate mutated form of the Kaled species and placed them in "travel machines" whose design was based on his own life-support chair.

"Genesis of the Daleks" marked a new depiction of the species, with most of their previous history either forgotten or barely talked about again.

A single Dalek appeared in "Dalek", written by Robert Shearman, which was broadcast on BBC One on 30 April 2005. This Dalek appeared to be the sole Dalek survivor of the last Time War that had destroyed both the Daleks and the Time Lords. The Doctor had guessed that this Dalek had "fallen" out of the time war.

The Dalek Emperor returned at the end of the 2005 series, having rebuilt the Dalek race with human subjects; it saw itself as a god, and the new Daleks were shown worshipping it. This terrified the Doctor as "Daleks have no concept of blasphemy." These Daleks and their fleet were erased from time itself in "The Parting of the Ways".

The 2006 series finale "Army of Ghosts"/"Doomsday" saw another squad of Dalek survivors from the old Empire, known as the Cult of Skaro, led by a black Dalek named "Dalek Sec", that had survived the Time War by escaping into the Void between dimensions. They emerged, along with a Time Lord prison containing millions of Daleks, at Canary Wharf due to the actions of the Torchwood Institute and Cybermen from a parallel world, leading to a Cyberman-Dalek clash in London. Eventually, the Tenth Doctor caused both factions to be sucked back into the Void. However, the Cult members (Sec, Caan, Jast, and Thay; it is unusual for a Dalek to have a name) survived by "temporal shifting" away. The two-part story "Daleks in Manhattan"/"Evolution of the Daleks" revealed they had escaped to 1930 New York, setting up base in the Empire State Building, which was being built at the time. Experiments led by Sec attempted to force a Dalek evolution by combining their DNA with that of humans, and he is the first of the new "Human-Daleks". However the three remaining Daleks rebelled and destroyed him because he was not a pure dalek. The Cult also attempted to create a Human/Dalek hybrid (fully human in appearance but with Dalek minds). This attempt failed after the Doctor interfered. Caan escaped via another temporal shift.

The Daleks returned in the 2008 series' two-part finale, "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End", accompanied once again by their creator Davros (now played by Julian Bleach). It is revealed that Dalek Caan had forced himself back into the Time War, even though it was "time-locked" or prevented from entering by any means (the effort rendered him insane), where he rescued Davros; Davros then created a new army of Daleks from his own flesh. The new Dalek army was led by a Supreme Dalek, who kept Davros imprisoned in a "Vault"; Davros said that he and the Supreme Dalek had reached "an arrangement". Davros and the Daleks planned to destroy all creation with a 'reality bomb', which failed due to the interference of the Doctor and his companions, and due to Caan himself who had been manipulating the events unknown to either side. Though the Daleks were destroyed, the fate of Davros and Dalek Caan is unknown. 3 Daleks from this episode came back in Series 5 (Victory of the Daleks). They created 5 new, different colored daleks. These new Daleks escaped into space. Later, they showed up in "The Pandorica Opens" and trapped the Doctor in the Pandorica, the ultimate prison. After they were erased from time by the cracks, a stone Dalek showed up, which was an echo of the Dalek race. It was brought alive by the Pandorica light, which could restore things which had been erased by the cracks. It was later shot in the eye by River Song. Their race, along with the rest of the universe, was brought back by the Doctor.


Rust in Peace

Rust in Peace is the fourth album by Megadeth. Megadeth is an American thrash metal band. Capitol Records released it on September 24, 1990. It was the first Megadeth album with guitar player Marty Friedman and drummer Nick Menza. The album had two singles: "Hangar 18" and "Holy Wars... The Punishment Due". Megadeth released a remastered version of the album in 2004.

Magazines such as "Decibel" and "Kerrang!" have called "Rust in Peace" one of the best thrash metal records of all time. "Rust in Peace" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1991, but did not win.

In 1988, Megadeth played at Monsters of Rock, a music festival in the United Kingdom. The band played for more than 100,000 people there. The band was added to the Monsters of Rock European concert tour, but stopped after the first show because bass player David Ellefson was addicted to drugs. Dave Mustaine made drummer Chuck Behler and guitarist Jeff Young leave the band because he had problems with them. Mustaine also canceled Megadeth's planned 1988 Australia tour. The band had to find a new guitarist because Jeff Young was no longer with the band. Finding a new guitarist took a long time. Mustaine looked at many guitarists for the job, including Dimebag Darrell from the band Pantera and Jeff Waters from Annihilator. Darrell was offered the job, but did not want it. Mustaine asked Chris Poland, a guitarist who had played with Megadeth before, to join the band again. Poland almost joined, but his manager told him not to, so he did not. Marty Friedman, an American guitarist, sent Mustaine a copy of "Dragon's Kiss", an album he played guitar on. Mustaine listened to the album and liked it. He hired Friedman to play for Megadeth.

The album title was taken from a sticker on the back of a car that Mustaine saw. The sticker said 'may all your nuclear weapons rust in peace'. Mustaine liked the sticker, so he used it for the title of the album.

The album's art was made by artist Ed Repka, who did art for Megadeth albums before. It shows the band's mascot, Vic Rattlehead, and many world leaders from 1990 looking at an alien body. The leaders on the cover are Toshiki Kaifu, Richard von Weizsäcker, Mikhail Gorbachev, George H. W. Bush, and a man from the United Kingdom.

The lyrics on the album are about many topics, such as religion, politics, war, Mustaine's trouble with drugs and alcohol abuse, UFO theories, and the Punisher. The first song on the album, "Holy Wars... The Punishment Due", is inspired by The Troubles. Mustaine has said that when he was at a concert in Antrim, he found fake Megadeth shirts being sold. However, when he was told that the money from the shirts was going to "The Cause", he allowed the fake shirts to continue to be sold. This was because he was told "The Cause" was a group of people that were keeping peace. Mustaine played "Anarchy in the U.K." in support of it. This made the people at the show start rioting. The band had to travel in a bulletproof bus after the show. These events gave Mustaine the idea to make the song.

"Rust in Peace... Polaris" is about nuclear war. the word "Polaris" is about the UGM-27 Polaris, a long range nuclear missile. Mustaine has said that he wrote the song before he was with Metallica. Nick Menza helped write "Hangar 18". This song is about Area 51, UFOs, and space aliens.

"Rust in Peace" was released on September 24, 1990 by Capitol Records. In 1994, the album sold one million copies in the United States. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, a group that gives out awards for albums that sell many copies. "Rust in Peace" was remastered in 2004.

When it was released, a lot of people liked the album. Greg Kot, a music writer for the "Chicago Tribune", said it was Megadeth's "most accomplished" album. Robert Palmer, a musician and writer for "Rolling Stone," wrote that the album showed how far "thrash" can go without being "boring". Mike Stagno from Sputnikmusic said that Mustaine's songwriting for the album was "top-notch".

"Rust in Peace" has had a big influence on thrash metal. Metal magazine "Decibel" said the album was a "genre-defining work". IGN named "Rust in Peace" as the fourth best metal album of all time. The album was put in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".

In 2010, the band started a concert tour around North America for the album's 20th anniversary. The band played the whole album at every concert. Because fans liked the tour, Megadeth also played in South America and Mexico.

"Holy Wars... The Punishment Due" was put in the music game "", and "Hangar 18" was put in "Guitar Hero II". The whole album was released as music for the game Rock Band, sold as the ""Rust in Peace" download package". The song "Tornado of Souls" was in "Brütal Legend", a video game released in 2009.

A sequel to the song "Hangar 18", named "Return to Hangar", was put on Megadeth's ninth studio album, "The World Needs a Hero".

Fable II

Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame released for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console in 2008. It is the sequel to the original Xbox game, "Fable". In "Fable II" you begin as a poor orphan child who has a sister. You are invited into the King's palace where he kills your sister. The rest of the game you go through various quests where your ultimate goal is to gain revenge on the King. 

Aveyron

Aveyron () is a French department found in the northeast of the Occitanie region of southern France and named after the Aveyron river. Its prefecture is Rodez.

Aveyron is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created with most of the territory of the old province of Rouergue; in fact, the present flag of the department was the flag of Rouergue.

The first known historical inhabitants of the region were the Rutenii tribe but, before them, the area was inhabited by people that built many prehistoric ruins including over 1,000 dolmens - more than any other department in France.

In 1808, the old canton of "Saint-Antonin-Noble-Val" was transferred from Aveyron to the new department of Tarn-et-Garonne.

Aveyron is part of the Occitanie region, in southern France, and is the 6th French department in area with .

The department borders with 7 other departments:

Aveyron is in the southern half of the central plateau ("Massif Central") of France. The mountainous areas (the Aubrac mountains, Palanges Levezou and Lacaune) cover little more than a third of the territory, with the highest point in "Signal de Mailhe-Biau" (the northwest peak, ) that is high and is in the region called "Cazalets"; the remaining two thirds are occupied by hills and plateaus (Ségala, Viadène, Lagast and Grands Causses), with a few valleys.

The territory is crossed, among others, by the rivers Lot and Tarn, both tributaries of the Garonne river. The Aveyron river, which gives its name to the department, is a tributary of the Tarn river.

The main rivers of Aveyron are the Lot in the north, the Aveyron in the centre and the Tarn in the south, all tributaries of the Garonne. They flow from east to west, following the general slope of the department, and divide it into four zones.

The climate of the Aveyron is subtropical with dry-summer, Csb (Mediterranean Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Millau is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Millau is . The month with the most precipitation on average is September with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Aveyron is part of the region of Occitanie. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Aveyron" in Rodez.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 23 "cantons" and 286 "communes" (municipalities) in Aveyron.

The following is a list of the 23 cantons of the Aveyron department (with their INSEE codes), in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Aveyron are known, in French, as "Aveyronnais" (women: "Aveyronnaises").

Aveyron has a population, in 2014, of 278,644, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Rodez, with 143,841 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Millau and Villefranche-de-Rouergue, have respectively 70,995 and 63,808 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Rodez (24,088). The subprefectures of Millau and Villefranche-de-Rouergue have, respectively, 22,064 and 11,822 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Aude

The 10 most important cities in the department are:



Bouches-du-Rhône

Bouches-du-Rhône (, lit. "Mouths of the Rhône") is a department in the south of France named after the mouth of the Rhône River. It is the department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region with more people living in it.

Bouches-du-Rhône is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was made with part of the old province of Provence and was divided in six districts: Tarascon, Apt, Aix, Marseille, Salon and Arles, with Aix as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Marseille, Aix and Tarascon. The prefecture was moved from Aix to Marseille.

After the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815), the department was occupied by the Austrian army from June 1815 to November 1818.

In 1817, the subprefecture of Tarascon was moved to Arles. The "arrondissement" of Istres was created in 1981.

The Bouches-du-Rhône department is part of the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 3 departments in 2 regions:

The Mediterranean Sea is to the south and there is of coast.

The highest mountain in Bouches-du-Rhône is Bertagne () in the Sainte-Baume Mountains. Bertagne is in the east of the department near the border with the Var department. It is high.

The Rhone River is the western border of the department, and Durance River is its northern border. South of Arles, the Rhone divides into the Grand Rhone (Large Rhone) and the Petit Rhone (Small Rhone). The area between the Grand Rhone and the Petit Rhone is a large wetland called the Camargue.

The Frioul Archipelago is a group of 4 islands in the Mediterranean Sea almost from Marseille.

The type of climate around Marseille is called the Mediterranean climate, with a subtype called Csa. The area around Marseille, at an altitude of about , has dry summers.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Marseille is . October has the highest average precipitation with and July the lowest with .

The average temperature in Marseille is . July is warmest, with an average temperature of . January is coolest, with an average temperature of .

Bouches-du-Rhône is managed by a departmental council in Marseille. The department is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Bouches-du-Rhône has 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 29 "cantons", and 135 "communes" (municipalities).

Recently the French government decided to reorganise all the nation's cantons. This change went into effect in March 2015. These are the 29 reorganised cantons of the Bouches-du-Rhône department:
People who live in the Bouches-du-Rhône department are known, in French, as "Buccorhodaniens" (men) or "Buccorhodaniennes" (women).

In 2014, Bouches-du-Rhône had 2,006,069 people living there, or people/km. In the same year, the Marseille "arrondissement" had the highest population of the four "arrondissements": 1,058,615.
Population growth in Bouches-du-Rhône

These are the 10 "communes" with the highest population:



Vocal cords

The vocal cords or vocal folds are two sets of tissue stretched across the larynx. They can vibrate when air passes through the larynx. This produces sounds. Humans use them to produce language.

Men and women have different vocal fold sizes. Adult male voices are usually deeper: males have thicker cord. The male vocal folds are between 17 mm and 25 mm in length.""

The female vocal folds are between 12.5 mm and 17.5 mm long.

The difference in vocal fold size between men and women means that their voices have a different pitch. Each person's voice is different and has a slightly different pitch. This is caused by genes that influence how the larynx is made.

The vocal cords are sometimes called 'true vocal cords' to distinguish them from the false vocal cords. These are a pair of thick folds of mucous membrane. They sit directly above the true vocal folds, to protect them. They have a very small role in normal speech , but are often used in musical screaming and the death grunt singing style. They are also used in Tuvan throat singing.

The false cords are also called vestibular folds and ventricular folds. They can be seen on the diagram above as "ventricular folds".

Unlike the true vocal cords, the false ones grow back completely when they are removed by surgery.

Parallel computing

Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many instructions are carried out simultaneously (termed "in parallel"), depending on the theory that large problems can often be divided into smaller ones, and then solved concurrently ("in parallel").

There are several different forms of parallel computing: 

It has been used for many years, mainly in high-performance computing, with a great increase in its use in recent years, due to the physical constraints preventing frequency scaling. Parallel computing has become the main model in computer architecture, mainly in the form of Multi-core processors. However, in recent years, power consumption by parallel computers has become a concern.

Parallel computers can be classified according to the level at which the hardware supports parallelism—with multi-core and multi-processor computers having multiple processing elements inside a single machine, while clusters, blades, MPPs, and grids use multiple computers to work on the same task.

Parallel computer programs are more difficult to program than sequential ones, because concurrency introduces several new classes of potential software bugs, of which race conditions and dead locks are the most common. however many parallel programming languages have been created to simplify parallel computers programming. But still communication and synchronization between the different subtasks is difficult while achieving good parallel program performance.


WrestleMania IV

WrestleMania IV was the fourth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on March 27, 1988 at the Trump Plaza in Atlantic City, New Jersey.

Cantal

Cantal is a French department in south-central France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its prefecture is Aurillac.

It is named after the Mounts of Cantal, a group of mountains in the Massif Central.

Cantal is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created with part of the territory of the old province of Auvergne in south central France. It was divided in four districts: Aurillac, Mauriac, Murat and Saint-Flour; its capital in Saint-Flour, alternating with Aurillac.

In 1794, Saint-Flour became the only capital but, in 1795, the capital was moved to Aurillac.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the districts were changed into "arrondissements": Aurillac, Mauriac, Murat and Saint-Flour. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Murat was eliminated.

Cantal is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, in south central France, with an area of .

The department borders with 3 regions and 7 other departments:

Cantal is in the middle half of the central plateau ("Massif Central") of France where is the Mounts of Cantal mountain range, a group of extinct volcanoes. The highest point in the Cantal mountains, and in the department is "Plomb du Cantal" () that is high. Other high mountains near Plomb du Cantal in the Cantal department are:

The lowest point of the department, , is in the valley of the Lot river where it leaves the department.

The main rivers are the Alagnon, a tributary to the Allier; the Célé and Truyère rivers, tributaries to the Lot river; and the Cère and Rhue rivers, tributaries to the Dordogne river.

The climate of Cantal has with few extremes of temperature and ample precipitation in all months. It belongs to the subtype Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Aurillac, at an altitude of , is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Aurillac is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is June with an average of .

Cantal is part of the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The department is managed by the "Departamental Council of the Cantal" in Aurillac.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 15 "cantons" and 255 "communes" (municipalities) in Cantal.

The following is a list of the 15 cantons of the Cantal department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Cantal are known, in French, as "Cantaliens" (women: "Cantaliennes") or "Cantalous" (women: "Cantalouses").

Cantal has a population, in 2014, of 146,618, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Aurillac, with 82,347 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Saint-Flour and Mauriac, have respectively 38,079 and 26,192 inhabitants.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Aurillac (26,135). The subprefectures of Saint-Flour and Mauriac have, respectively, 6,643 and 3,682 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Cantal

The 10 most important cities in the department are:



WrestleMania V

WrestleMania V was the fifth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on April 2, 1989 at the Trump Plaza in Atlantic City, New Jersey.


Charente

Charente (Saintongeais: "Chérente", ) is a department in southwestern France, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

It is named after the Charente river, the most important river in the department. The two largest towns of the department, Angoulême and Cognac, are along this river.

Charente is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. It was created from the old province of "Angoumois" with lands around Angoulême.

The new department had six districts: Ruffec, Confolens, La Rochefoucauld, Angoulême, Barbezieux and Cognac. The capital (now prefecture) was Angoulême.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into five "arrondissements": Angoulême, Barbezieux, Cognac, Confolens and Ruffec.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Barbezieux and Ruffec were eliminated.

Charente is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The highest point of the department is "Rocher aux Oiseaux", high, in the "commune" of Montrollet; the lowest point is in the valley of the Charente river, "commune" of Merpins, and is high.

The department is bordered by the departments: Deux-Sèvres, Vienne, Haute-Vienne, Dordogne and Charente-Maritime.

The main river in the department is the Charente that gives its name to the department. Other rivers are the Dronne and the Vienne.

The climate of Cognac is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Cognac is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Cognac is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Charente" in Angoulême. Charente is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 19 "cantons" and 383 "communes" (municipalities) in Charente.

The following is a list of the 19 cantons of the Charente department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Charente are known, in French, as "Charentais" (women: "Charentaises").

Charente has a population, in 2014, of 353,853, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Angoulême, with 197,377 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other two, Cognac and Confolens, have respectively 92,224 and 64,252 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Charente-Maritime

The 10 main cities in the department are:

The cognac is an alcoholic drink, a kind of brandy. It is made from grapes. It is made mainly around the city of Cognac.



Charente-Maritime

Charente-Maritime (Saintongeais: "Chérente-Marine") is a department on the west coast of France in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is named after the Charente river, the most important river in the department, and its position along the coast.

Its prefecture is the city of La Rochelle.

The department, as "Charente-Inférieure" ("Lower Charente" because it was in the lower part of the Charente river), is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790.

It was created from parts of the old provinces of Saintonge and Aunis and small parts of Poitou and Angoumois.

The new department had seven districts: La Rochelle, Rochefort, Saint-Jean-d'Angély, Saintes, Pons, Montlieu and Marennes. The capital (now prefecture) was Saintes alternating with La Rochelle and Saint-Jean-d'Angély but soon was changed and Saintes was kept as the only capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the seven districts were changed into six "arrondissements": Saintes, Jonzac, Marennes, Rochefort, La Rochelle and Saint-Jean-d'Angély and in 1810 the capital was moved to La Rochelle.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissements" of Marennes and Saint-Jean-d'Angély were eliminated. In 1943, Saint-Jean-d'Angély was made again an "arrondissement".

On 4 Septembre 1941, the name of the department was changed from "Charente-Inférieure" to the present name of Charente-Maritime.

Charente-Maritime is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has an area of .

The highest point in the department is in the woods of Chantemerlière, near the commune of Contré in the northeast, and that is high.

The department is bordered by the departments: Vendée, Deux-Sèvres, Charente, Dordogne and Gironde.

The main rivers are the Charente and its tributaries, the Boutonne and the Seugne, along with the Sèvre Niortaise, the Seudre, and the Garonne in its downstream part, which is the estuary of the Gironde.

The department includes the islands of:

The climate of La Rochelle is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in La Rochelle is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in La Rochelle is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The department is managed by the "Departmental Council of the Charente-Maritime" in La Rochelle. Charente-Maritime is part of the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

There are 5 "arrondissements" (districts), 27 "cantons" and 469 "communes" (municipalities) in Charente-Maritime.

The following is a list of the 27 cantons of the Charente-Maritime department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Charente-Maritime are known, in French, as "Charentais maritimes" (women: "Charentaises maritimes").

Charente-Maritime has a population, in 2014, of 637,089, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Rochelle, with 210,151 inhabitants, is by far the largest. The other four, Rochefort, Saintes, Jonzac and Saint-Jean-d'Angély, have respectively 187,843, 128,786, 56,973 and 53,336 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Charente-Maritime

The 10 main cities in the department are:



Optimization (computer science)

In computing, optimization is the process of modifying a system to make some features of it work more efficiently or use fewer resources. For instance, a computer program may be optimized so that it runs faster, or to run with less memory requirements or other resources (see Space-time tradeoff), or to consume less energy. This is a branch of software engineering.

The optimization can have sense at different levels, from the lowest (development of circuits, writing of machine code designed especially for the architecture) up to the highest levels of making of implementation, use or design of algorithms.

The optimization is generally recommended to leave until the end of the process of development, since the premature optimization can introduce new errors (generally more difficult to detect for being of algorithmic nature).

The optimized system may be a single computer program, a collection of computers or even an entire network such as the Internet. 


Pilgrimage of Grace

The Pilgrimage of Grace was a revolt in York, Yorkshire in 1536. People protested against England's break with Rome and the Dissolution of the Monasteries. There were also other specific political, social and economic issues they did not like. Technically the term "Pilgrimage of Grace" only refers to the uprising around York, but sometimes it is used in relation to the risings in general which took place around Northern England; first from Lincolnshire, twelve days before the actual "Pilgrimage of Grace". 

The revolt was caused by Henry VIII's Dissolution of the Monasteries, which caused problems with around 500,000 monks and nuns.

Embedded system

An embedded system is a computer that has been built to solve only a few very specific problems and is not easily changed. The word "embedded" means it is built into the system. It is a permanent part in a bigger system. It usually does not look like a computer, often no keyboard or monitor or mouse. But like any computer it has a processor, software, input and output. 

For example, the controller embedded in an elevator tells the motor to move the elevator to different floors, based on buttons that are pushed. A decoder is embedded in a satellite television set-top box to read a signal from the dish and send something that a TV understands. Often this type of system must do its work in a specific amount of time. This is called real-time computing. If a set-top box got interrupted to do another task, you would see a bad picture on the TV, for example. A general purpose computer will often have short pauses while it does something else, it is not real-time.

Embedded systems control many of the common devices such as card readers in hotel door locks or several things in a car. They can control small things like an MP3 player or a digital camera, and large things like traffic light systems, airplanes, or assembly lines in a factory.

Embedded systems are used in many kinds of electrical devices, including:



Embedded systems are not always standalone devices. Sometimes they are built as a set, like the various parts of a car - the radio, the throttle control, the pollution control, etc. Sometimes they can communicate to the internet or a cell-phone network and they may have a USB reader or other connections.

Embedded systems range from no user interface at all — only sending and receiving electric signals — to a full graphical user interface like on a modern computer. Quite often they will have a few push-buttons and a small display and some LEDs. A more complex system may have a touch screen, allowing the meaning of the buttons to change with each screen as in smart phones.

Hardware includes the chips, wires, circuit boards, buttons and displays.

The most important chip is the central processing unit or CPU. This runs the software instructions. It can be a standard microprocessor or a microcontroller. Microcontrollers include the microprocessor as well as simple peripheral equipment so the system can be smaller and cheaper. They have less flexibility because those parts cannot be changed. Usually these parts include Flash memory and support for serial ports, USB, etc.

Unlike a microprocessor for a general-purpose computer, bigger and faster is not always better. Many embedded processors are very small. Sometimes this is to use less space or less power, sometimes it is to be cheaper. General-purpose computers will use microprocessors that read 32-bit or 64-bit words and run at speeds measured in GHz, but embedded processors are usually 4 to 32 bits and run at speeds usually measured in tens of MHz (a hundred times slower). (But the programs are also smaller and do not check for things that are not used).

There are ""ready-made"" computer boards that can be used in some embedded systems. These often use Windows CE, Linux, NetBSD, or an embedded real-time operating system.

Sometimes it may be easier to use a circuit board that is already made. These usually share many components with general purpose computers, but are smaller than one in a general purpose computer. Boards such as the VIA EPIA can run Microsoft Windows. The advantage is that it saves some electrical engineering time and can use the same software development tools used for PC-type software development. Examples of such embedded devices are the ATMs or displays in casinos. This works well if the real-time requirements are not strict (it doesn't matter much if a job takes eight seconds instead of five, for example).

If the device needs to be very small or will be sold in very big numbers (""high-volume""), it makes sense to make a custom or specialized chip that does exactly what is needed. This is a system on a chip (SoC) which holds a complete system - processor, floating point unit, memory cache and interfaces on a single integrated circuit. SoCs can be made as a special-order application-specific integrated circuit or by using a field-programmable gate array which is programmed by the people building the embedded system.

Embedded systems talk with the outside world or other components using peripherals such as:

Embedded systems often do not need a full operating system. Some use specially-built small and simple operating systems that start very quickly, others do not need one at all. Embedded systems are not adapted as easily, but they are built to perform their tasks much more reliably. Because the hardware is simpler, it is also often cheaper to build and runs faster. In contrast to this, a general-purpose computer needs to be ready for new device drivers and software to run hardware it doesn't know about yet, like new printers or hard drives. It needs to run different application programs.

As embedded systems get bigger, things that used to be only on general-purpose computers or even mainframes are now becoming common on embedded systems. This includes protected memory space, and open programming environment including Linux, NetBSD, etc.

Some examples of operating systems, from simple to complex:

Real-time operating systems include products like MicroC/OS-II, Green Hills INTEGRITY, QNX or VxWorks. Unlike MacOS or Windows 7, these operating systems are not known very well by most people. But they are used in many places where time and safety is very important. People use them every day and do not realise it.

Common examples of larger kernels are Embedded Linux and Windows CE. Although these do not have the tight time limits needed for a strict real-time system, they are becoming more common, especially for more powerful devices such as Wireless Routers and GPS. They allow re-use of code in the public domain for Device Drivers, Web Servers, Firewalls, and other code. Software developers that are more comfortable writing applications for PCs will find this more familiar as well. If needed, an FPGA or other special hardware can be used for things that do need tight time limits.

Like other software, embedded system designers use compilers, assemblers, and debuggers to develop embedded system software. However, they may also use some more specific tools:


Debugging tools:

Unless restricted to external debugging, the programmer can typically load and run software through the tools, view the code running in the processor, and start or stop its operation. The view of the code may be as assembly code or source-code. Some integrated systems (like VxWorks or Green Hills) have special features, like keeping track of how much space the software takes as it runs, what tasks are running, and when things happen.

Depending on what kind of embedded system is being made will affect how it can be debugged. For instance, debugging a single microprocessor system is different from debugging a system where processing is also done on a peripheral (DSP, FPGA, co-processor).

Embedded systems are often in machines that are expected to run for years without errors, and in some cases recover by themselves if an error occurs. This means the software is usually developed and tested more carefully than that for personal computers, and unreliable mechanical moving parts such as disk drives and fans are avoided.

Places where safety and reliability are important: 

Ways to recover from errors — both software bugs such as memory leaks, and also soft errors in the hardware:





WrestleMania VI

WrestleMania VI was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on April 1, 1990 at SkyDome in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was the sixth WrestleMania event held by the WWF. It was the first WrestleMania to be held outside of the United States. It was up from the last WrestleMania's attendance which was 18,946.

The event was known for "The Ultimate Challenge", a match where Hulk Hogan (WWF Champion) faced The Ultimate Warrior (WWF Intercontinental Champion), in which both championship titles were on the line.


Real-time computing

Real-time computing is a field of Computer science. The idea is to design systems that have a "real-time constraint". Real time systems will guarantee to give a result within a specified time. There are two kinds of real-time systems:



AVN Awards

The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored by and presented by the adult video industry magazine AVN. They began in January 1984.

The awards are divided into over 100 categories.



Listed below are the winners of the AVN Award in various major categories over the following years:

 The category, introduced in 2007, was first called "Underrated Starlet of the Year (Unrecognized Excellence)". It has since been renamed to "Unsung Starlet of the Year".



Fuji

Fuji can refer to:

WrestleMania VII

WrestleMania VII was the seventh annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event. It was produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE).

WrestleMania IX

WrestleMania IX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on April 4, 1993 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was the ninth WrestleMania event held by the WWF.

The main event saw Yokozuna defeat Bret Hart to win the WWF Championship. Yokozuna won the match by pinfall after Yokozuna's manager Mr. Fuji threw salt in Hart's eyes. After the match, Hulk Hogan came down to the ring to check on Hart. Mr. Fuji challenged Hogan to face Yokozuna in a impromptu match and Hogan accepted. Hogan won the match and the championship in 22 seconds after he hit Yokozuna with the leg drop and pinned him. 

WrestleMania IX received negative criticism and was called a poorly booked event. John Powell of SLAM! Wrestling said that other than the Intercontinental and Tag Team Championship matches and the women that accompanied Lex Luger to the ring, the rest of the pay-per-view was not good. He also did not like some of the outfits that were worn at the event, most notably Jim Ross's toga and Giant Gonzalez's spray-painted suit.


Airbag

An airbag is a part of the safety restraint system in cars. Airbags are bags that rapidly fill with air when an accident happens. That way they can prevent injuries that occur when the driver hits a hard object.

An airbag is a useful vehicle safety device. Airbags are used in the world increasingly because in accidents, it can help passengers reduce shock.
When the sensor feels a strong shock, the gas device explodes. This gas fills the bag immediately.

An American inventor, Dr. Allen S. Breed, invented and developed a key component for automotive use. Breed Corporation then marketed this innovation first in 1967 to Chrysler. A similar "Auto-Ceptor" crash-restraint, brandon, developed by Eaton, Yale & Towne Inc. for Ford was soon offered as an automatic safety system in the USA. The Italian Eaton-Livia company offered a variant with localized air cushions.

All cars used the airbag nowadays was originally invented by a Japanese man Mr. Kobori and he took the world patents.

The first patent on an inflatable crash-landing device for airplanes was filed during World War II. In 1973, the first commercial airbags appeared in a run of 1,000 Chevrolet Impalas. Since model year 1998, all new cars sold in the United States have been required to have airbags on both driver and passenger sides. To date, statistics show that airbags reduce the risk of dying in a direct frontal crash by about 30 percent. Today, some cars have six or even eight airbags.

First, moving objects have momentum (the product of the mass and the velocity of an object). If no outside force acts on an object, the object will continue to move at its present speed and direction (because of inertia). Cars consist of several objects, including the vehicle itself, loose objects in the car and, of course, passengers. If these objects are not restrained, they will continue moving at whatever speed the car is travelling at, even if the car is stopped by a collision.
Stopping an object's momentum requires force acting over a period of time. When a car crashes, the force required to stop an object is very great because the car's momentum has changed instantly while the passengers' has not (there is not much time to work with). The goal of any supplemental restraint system is to help stop the passenger while doing as little damage to them as possible.
What an airbag wants to do is to slow the passenger's speed to zero with little or no damage. The constraints that it has to work within are huge. The airbag has the space between the passenger and the steering wheel or dashboard and a fraction of a second to work with. Even that tiny amount of space and time is valuable, however, if the system can slow the passenger evenly rather than forcing an abrupt halt to their motion.

In 2006 the airbag was set up for a motorcycle. This was in the Gold Wing by Honda.

The second airbag device for motorcyclist is an inflatable airbag jacket was invented by Tamás Straub in 1976.

Darkly Dreaming Dexter

Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 book written by Jeff Lindsay. It won the 2005 Dilys Award.

The television show "Dexter" was based on the book.

Dearly Devoted Dexter

Dearly Devoted Dexter is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay. It is a sequel to the 2004 book "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" which the television show "Dexter" is based on.

Dexter in the Dark

Dexter in the Dark is a 2007 book written by Jeff Lindsay. It is the third book in Lindsay's "Dexter" series.

Fugging, Upper Austria

Fugging ( ) is an Austrian village in the municipality of Tarsdorf, in the Innviertel region of western Upper Austria.

The village is 33 kilometres north of Salzburg, four kilometres east of the German border and can be travelled to in half an hour by car from the town of Petting, in Bavaria.

Fugging (which was Fucking at the time) has existed since at least 1070 and is named after a man from the 6th century called "Fuko". In old Germanic, "-ing" is used to describe people as belonging to their leader; so "Fucking" means "(place of) Fuko’s people."

Although the village has a population of 104 , it has drawn attention in the English-speaking world for its name, which is spelled the same as the continuous form of the profane English-language verb "fuck".

Fucking's most famous feature is a traffic sign with its name on it, which tourists often photograph. This street sign is often stolen. Significant public funds have been spent on replacing the stolen signs.

In 2004, because many signs had been stolen, a vote was held to change the village name, but the villagers voted not to change. In August 2005, the road signs were welded to a very strong pole. This made it more difficult to steal them.

Fucking changed its name to Fugging, the name change came to affect on 1 January 2021.

Susan Featherly

Susan Featherly (February 5, 1963) is an American actress. She is best known for her appearances in Cinemax television programs and adult movies such as "Kama Sutra" and "Corporate Fantasy". Featherly was born in Syracuse, New York. 

Ravenscraig

Ravenscraig is an area of land in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It used to be the site for steelworks. Ravenscraig used to have the largest steel mill in Western Europe. Ravenscraig was closed in 1992, and is now almost completely gone.

Ravenscraig is now at the start of a big redevelopment by Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd, Scottish Enterprise and Corus, to create a full new town.

Ravenscraig is very easy to get to. More than two—thirds of Scotland’s population live within 90 minutes drive.

Located in North Lanarkshire, Ravenscraig is between the towns of Wishaw and Motherwell, who house a population of over 60,000.

Ravenscraig lies only a few minutes drive from both the M74 and the M8 motorways which lead to Glasgow and Edinburgh, Scotland's two biggest cities.

Another steel maker, Colvilles, decided to expand their business in July 1954. They were the largest steel manufacturer before World War II.

In 1954, Colvilles began the first stages of development in Ravenscraig, that turned Ravenscraig from an empty field into a site for steelworks. By 1957 most of the machinery was built and by 1959 the full building work was complete.

When Ravenscraig closed in 1993, that was the end of most steel making in Scotland. 770 jobs were lost, along with another 10,000 jobs, both directly and indirectly linked.

In its current state, Ravenscraig is one of the largest derelict sites in Europe measuring over 1125 acres in size. Ravenscraig is the same size as an area of 700 football pitches and double the size of Monaco.

After many years of planning, Ravenscraig will be rebuilt by three equal companies: Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd, Scottish Enterprise and Corus and will be one of the largest regenerations in Europe, with 400 acres being developed.

Ravenscraig will have lots of new facilities:
Part of the development will be to make new habitats for the wildlife that live in the area, such as deer, foxes, hares, otters, badgers, watervoles, butterflies and many birds. An "Ecological Clerk of Works" has been appointed to make sure the building works do not harm the wildlife.

It is hoped that the £29million sports complex will be used as a training camp for the 2012 London Olympics and the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.

There are many people who disagree with the building work. Many local residents and small businesses think that it will take jobs and customers from other towns.

As part of the changes, the transport to Ravenscraig will get better. There will be new transport within walking distance of the new town centre, with buses going to Glasgow, Lanark and many other towns. There will be easy access to public transport throughout Ravenscraig that will include business routes, that will link to the public transport network with roads to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations.

Local press have said that the Scottish Premier League football team, Motherwell Football Club could buy some land in Ravenscraig to build a new football stadium, leaving behind their home of 113 years, Fir Park. Motherwell Chairman, John Boyle has said ""No decisions have been taken and we are simply exploring realistic options at this stage.""


Ron Wilson (ice hockey, born 1955)

Ronald Lawrence Wilson (born May 28, 1955) is a former ice hockey player. He was the head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs from 2008 to 2012. He also was the coach for the San Jose Sharks, Washington Capitals, Vancouver Canucks, and Anaheim Mighty Ducks of the NHL. Wilson was born in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. He is a citizen of both Canada and the United States.

Earth's inner core

The inner core is the very center of the Earth, and the hottest part of the planet. It is a mainly a solid ball with a radius of about , according to seismological studies. It is believed to consist mostly of an iron–nickel alloy and to be about the same temperature as the surface of the Sun: about 5700 K (5400 °C). 

The inner core was discovered by Inge Lehmann in 1929, using seismology. Lehmann was studying a large New Zealand earthquake. An earthquake makes vibrations which move through the inside of the Earth. The vibrations Lehmann studied seemed to be moving across something solid in the center of the planet. She called this the "inner core". She wrote about it for many years, but it was not proved to exist until 1970. 

The inner core is more than 5,000 kilometers below the earth's surface. The pressure in Earth's inner core is about 3,500,000 atmospheres. Iron can only be solid at such high temperatures because its melting temperature increases dramatically at such pressures.


Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?

Peace Sells... but Who's Buying? is the second studio album by Megadeth. Megadeth is an American thrash metal band. It was released on September 19, 1986 by Capitol Records. Combat Records was going to release the album first, but Capitol bought the rights to it. Many band members had drug abuse problems while they were making the album. Guitarist Chris Poland and drummer Gar Samuelson were fired from the band after the album came out. A song from the album, "Peace Sells", was the band's first music video. The art on the album's cover shows Vic Rattlehead in front of the United Nations Headquarters. 

"Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?" is one of the first thrash metal albums. Many people think it made extreme metal more popular. It was put on "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". In 2004, the album was remixed by Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine. It was remixed again in 2011 for the album's 25th anniversary. The album's front art shows Vic Rattlehead. He is standing in front of the United Nations Headquarters. The art was made by Ed Repka. Repka made more art for the band later.

In December 1985, Dave Mustaine said that the band was making music for a second album. He also said that two songs ("Black Friday" and "Bad Omen") were done. Mustaine said that these songs were much faster than the music from Megadeth's first album, "Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!". Mustaine and bassist David Ellefson wanted to change how people thought about heavy metal by making music with political lyrics.

In early 1986, Megadeth had a short tour in the United States. At the tour's concerts, the band played music that was going to be on "Peace Sells". Combat Records gave them $25,000 to record the album. Recording the album was very hard because of many problems. Mustaine and Ellefson were homeless. Chris Poland and Gar Samuelson did not show up to make music very much because they were using heroin. After the band finished recording the album, someone from Capitol Records asked Megadeth to join their record label. The band joined Capitol. The album was released with Capitol Records.

All songs written by Dave Mustaine, except "I Ain't Superstitous" by Willie Dixon. 
Information is from the album liner notes.

A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld

"A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From the Centre of the Ultraworld" is a mix of a song by the ambient house group The Orb. The song is about being in love with a beautiful person. The song was at first a Minnie Riperton song called Lovin' You. The Orbs version was first sold in October 1989 and was in the UK Singles Chart in 1990, at number 78. In April 1991, it was sold as part of the album "The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld". The name is taken from a sound effects track from "Blake's 7" on "BBC Sound Effects No. 26 - Sci-Fi Sound Effects" called "The Core, A Huge Evergrowing Pulsating Brain which Rules from the Centre of Ultraworld".

In 1989, The Orb, with Martin "Youth" Glover, developed the musical style of ambient house using samples. The best of their musical work came when The Orb recorded music for John Peel on BBC Radio 1. The song, then known as "Loving You", was made quickly with many sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays, nature sounds, and Minnie Riperton's "Lovin' You". Before the song was sold by record company Big Life, The Orb changed the name to "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From the Centre of the Ultraworld". After the first week of sale Minnie Ripertons record company forced Big Life to remove her voice from the song. After the first week another singer sang the song. 

The Orbs version of the song was 19 minutes long and became number 78 on the UK Singles Chart. 








Hermann Carl Vogel

Hermann Carl Vogel (born 3 April 1841, died 13 August 1907) was a German astronomer. He was born in Leipzig, Kingdom of Saxony.

Vogel was one of the first astronomers to use a spectroscope in astronomy. He used it to read the chemicals on planets far away and to measure the time it takes the Sun to spin. He could read it by measuring the Doppler effect.

In 1882, Vogel became the Director at the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam and he is best known for some work there in 1890. Vogel found that the colour of some stars changed over time, becoming red and then later becoming blue. His idea was that the star was moving toward and then away from the Earth, and that the colour changes were the because of that movement. These stars seemed to be orbiting around a hidden star as if they were double-stars but the second star could never be seen, only known by the colour changing Doppler effect.

Volgel proved that Algol was a double star that could not be seen (spectroscopic binary star) and it was one of the first of these double stars proven to exist.

Awarded to Hermann Carl Vogel



Algol

Algol, also known as the Demon Star, is a bright star in the Perseus constellation. It is one of the best known double stars that can only be seen in spectroscopes, the first star of its type discovered, and one of the first variable stars to be discovered before it explodes. Algol is made of three stars (Beta Persei A, B and C) and the brightest is Persei A. These stars partly eclipse each other every 2 days, 20 hours and 49 minutes for 10 hours.

So Far, So Good... So What!

So Far, So Good... So What! is the third studio album by thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on January 19, 1988.

All songs written by Dave Mustaine, except where noted.

Lissamphibia

The subclass Lissamphibia includes all living amphibians. They are classified in three orders:

Although the ancestry of each group is controversial, all share certain common characteristics. This indicates they evolved from a common ancestor and so form a clade.

NRG Stadium

NRG Stadium is a football stadium in Houston, Texas. The NFL's Houston Texans play their home games here. It was called Reliant Stadium from 2002 until 2013. The stadium hosted WWE's WrestleMania 25 on April 5, 2009. On March 19, 2014, the stadium's name was changed to NRG Stadium, after NRG Energy, the parent company of Reliant Energy.


Bop It

Bop It is a series of electronic battery-powered games made by Hasbro. 
The aim of the game is to respond quickly to the directions that come out of the game's speakers. These directions are given in a way that requires the player do use different devices on the machine, such as pull handles, twist cranks, spin wheels, or toggle switches. A beat is played during the game and the beat will get faster as the player scores more points, making it harder for the player to respond. In the most recent series of Bop It's, the players goal is to beat the game by scoring 100 points. In the 90's Extreme and 02's Extreme 2 version, the goal is to beat the game by scoring 250 points. In Bop It Smash, Bounce, Beats and Tetris, the goal is to score as many points as you can. The highest possible score ever achieved on Smash is 1073 and Tetris is 874. The highest possible score on Beats is 264 on Classic and 151 on DJ (only on the foreign versions on DJ Expert and Lights Only) since those game doesn't have a limit on the highest possible score.

"Bop It" can be played by one to many people at a time and has been very popular as a children's game. It was designed, invented, patented by Dan Klistner and developed by other Hasbro designers, including Bob Welch who also provided the voice for the Original Bop It. The original version was released in 1996, and there have been several versions made since then. followed by an Extreme version one year later which was voiced by Scott Parkin, a dude character from California. The Extreme was one of the first versions for it to speak to the player when they mess up. In an Interview with some well known Bop It fans on YouTube, Scott said that the line "Game over!" was an idea from the 1986 film Aliens.

The current Classic version was released in 2019, and to mark the 25th anniversary of the original game Hasbro teamed up with Super Impulse to make the Worlds Smallest Bop It. There was an updated version of the Bop It XT titled Bop It Extreme to mark the 25th anniversary.

A single button based Bop It called the Bop It! Button was released as another way to celebrate 25 years of Bop It followed by an arcade version that was colaberated with Sega called the Bop It Arcade that used colors from the 2022 Bop It Extreme. The voice does not use the regular Buddy Rubino that Bop It players are used to hearing.

Since 2008, the main voice actor in the games has been Buddy Rubino, who signed a contract with Hasbro and is only allowed to do voice acting for Hasbro, but in 2020 during the course of the COVID pandemic, he has been doing some videos with Dan for his social media. Dan has archived a lot of original Buddy Rubino recordings which he has used in some of his videos on his social media. He has recorded the voice for "Bop It!", "Bop It! XT", "Bop It! Smash!, Bop It! Tetris Bop It! New Moves, Bop It Maker and the Bop It Button. He did not do the voice for Bop It Bounce, Bop It Beats and Bop It Download." Other voice actors include, Scott Parkin, who's been announced as the voice of Bop It Extreme, Bob Welch, the voice and designer of the original Bop It, and Adam Rossi, the 'go to' voice for all prototype models.

It may also been revealed that the voice actor of Brock from Pokemon, Eric Stuart, may have been the voice of Bop It Extreme 2.



Since the invention of Bop It became popular in the 90's, it lead other inventors and designers to come up with other electronic games. Besides the games mentioned below, there was a family of games called the Brain family by Tiger Electronics who made the games Brain Bash, Brain Warp and the Brain Shift. 

"Zing It" is a yo-yo version of "Bop It". It tells commands that the player must follow along with. Like the original "Bop It", there are three commands that may be said: "Bop it!" (requiring the player to press the purple button), "Zing it!" (requiring the player to drop the yo-yo downward and send it back up again), and "Loop it!" (requiring the player to do the "'round the world" yo-yo trick). "Zing It" has 3 modes: "Vox Bop" (as with Bop It), "Beat Bop" (again, as with Bop It), and "Vox Bop Challenge" (where the game will tell a series of commands which must be done in correctly). As with "Bop It" and "Bop It Extreme", "Zing It" announces the score musically by sound effects. Different tones represent different point values. There is a maximum score of 250.

The "Top It" is a kendama-style version of Bop It made by Parker Bros. (under Hasbro) that also gives commands which a player must respond to with the right action. Commands include "Top it!" (requiring the player to catch the ball in the red top cup), "Flop it!" (requiring the player to catch the ball in one of the purple side cups), and "Flip it!" (requiring the player to catch the ball in the purple side cup on the other side). The command structure has slightly fewer variations than any other Hasbro game, since the "Flip it!" command can only be issued if the "Flop it!" command directly precedes it.

The Super Click It was a game released during peacetime in 1999 by MGA Entertainment in the US and Marks and Spencer in the UK and it was bought by many fans of the original Bop It.

The game has 5 commands - Squish It!, Twist It!, Crack It!, Zip It! and Blast It!.

The game has 2 modes - voice and sounds. 

When the player hits the Squish It button, the American announcer voice yells “One player!” and gives a sample command, in this case “Squish It!” and if the player selects the sounds mode, it will say “One player!” followed by a Squish It sound effect.

There is also an additional 2 player mode on which the voice will yell “Switch!” after 10 commands. If Player 1 messes up, the game goes to Player 2 and then player 2 has to score 100 points to win the game! Instead of using a generic scream to say the player got it wrong, it uses cartoon sound effects like a “sad trumpet - wah wah wah waaaaaah” or the classic banana skin slip up sound or a low pitch bending bass drum. If the player beats the game, they hear a special fanfare and the voice says “Way to go!” A game before called Click It was also released and it had similar programming. Unfornately, the Click It series by MGA got cancelled after the inventor of Bop It Dan Klitsner filing a lawsuit to MGA Entertainment asking to stop making Bop It clones as Click It was infringing the rights to Bop It. No further Bop It style games were made from the Click It brand from MGA, but a game called Mischeif Metldown was sold by Marks & Spencer which has similar "It" commands.

The Torx is a Bop It spin-off made by Big Monster Toys under Hasbro that was released in 2000. The game has two twistable circles and two bendable arms that can bend in different angles 90 degrees. The game has four modes - Follow My Command, Find My Shape, Torx Says and Pass Torx. In Follow my Command, the game plays like a Bop It but the commands can get more advanced. First the voice will say "Twist me" but then it can command the player to "Twist me again" or to "Twist me back". If it says "Bend me" it can command the player to "Bend me back", "Bend the same side" or "Bend the other side" or to "Straighten me." After every 15 points, the game will announce "Torx Challenge" and give the player a pattern of commands to remember. The Challenge mode is similar to the one in Top It and Zing It and the player must start the sequence after Torx has given the last command. In Find My Shape, the game unit will tell the player how close they are to the shape that Torx wants to be. It will give out directions like "Cooler", "Hotter" and when the player is near Torx will say "On fire!" and a celebrationary sound effect will play if they find the shape. If the player is not near the correct shape, Torx will say "Ice cold!", "Warm" or "Warmer". In Torx Says, the game will produce 2 different tones. At the start of the game, Torx will say "When you hear this sound (plays the sound) - you must follow my command." With a normal pitched Torx unit, if the player hears an F3 tone, they must follow the command. If they hear a B flat 4 tone they must not follow the command. The game is over if the player beats the game or fails to respond or hesitate. In game four, Pass Torx, the game will player like Game 1 but instead after a certain sequence of commands, the player will hear "Pass Torx". The maximum score in each game mode is 240.

The NuJam Guitar was a game made by KID Group and Hasbro. KID made the soundtrack for the game, along with Gary Lexemburg. The idea of the name NuJam was taken from an app that Gary was working on before it eventually become an electronic pyshical Bop It guitar. It was released in 2002 in the US and UK and sold under the name Rock It Bop It Guitar. 

The game has 4 actions - Strum, Twist, Slide Left and Slide Right.

It also has 4 game modes - Jam, Rhythm Jam, Group Jam and Free Jam. 

It also has 2 different playstyles - Rock and Funk. 

In the Jam mode, the player has to score 300 points to win the game. The game instructions gives an error saying that after 12 points the game changes octave, however it only changes octave on 12 on the first 2 times. After 176 moves, the game goes into Double Time which makes it twice as fast. The maximum score in Jam is 300.

In the Rhythm Jam mode the game does a pattern of 4 most of the game, but the patterns mix from 6-9 in later rounds. There are multiple patterns sets for Rock and Funk. In the second part of the Funk mode, the patterns are all different. 

In the Group Jam mode, the game plays like the Jam mode but the announcer voice says “Who’s next?” and then after a rift it says “Let’s do this!”. 

A mobile app for NuJam Guitar is being planned and is to be released for PC (Windows and Mac) and mobile, (iOS and Android) titled NJ RockOut as a free to play app. The project is being organised by some YouTubers who created a discussion group called Bop It Rift. The app will be using a familiar voice that was used during the original NuJam Guitar project, Adam Rossi who provided the prototype voice, and some new lines such as "YOU... ROCKED... OUT!" when the player beats the game.

"Groove It" is an audio game made by Hasbro whose instructions have been copyrighted in 2003. It was voiced by Adam Rossi. With similar game play to the "Bop It" games, "Groove It" employs photodetection technology to determine the player's hand position. As with "Bop It" games, "Groove It" issues voice commands, however in this case the commands are: "the scratch", "the slide", and "the zoom". The game is more tolerant of errors than the "Bop It" games, allowing as many as three missed commands in some modes. The game requires a score of 250 to win, has a maximum score of 300, and uses a ranking system.

In 2009, EA Games made a video game called "Hasbro Family Games Night 2". It had "Bop It" as one of the games that could be played. It is available for the Nintendo DS and the Nintendo Wii. In 2011, EA Games made an iPhone application which played exactly like the handheld game. It has the same commands from the handheld games and added extra commands which were never invented on the handheld game.


Shamanism

Shamanism is a practice where a practitioner reaches altered states of consciousness. Supposedly, the shaman perceives and interacts with a spirit world, and channels these energies into this world.

A shaman is a person regarded as having access to, and influence in, the world of good and bad spirits. They usually enter into a trance state during a ritual, and do divination and healing. To become a shaman, a person has to have had a near death experience (a ""shamanic illness"").

The name "shaman" comes from the Evenki people in Siberia.

Shamans play a central role in these movements, as they can be in both worlds, this one, and the world of spirits.


Shamanism is different from animism.


Jocky Scott

John 'Jocky' Alexander Scott (born January 14, 1948 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Dundee F.C.

Real-time operating system

A real-time operating system (RTOS; commonly pronounced as "are-toss") is a multitasking operating system designed for real-time applications. Such applications include embedded systems, industrial robots, scientific research equipment and others.

An RTOS simplifies the creation of a real-time applications, but does not guarantee the final result will be real-time; this requires good development of the software.

Real-time operating systems use specialized scheduling algorithms in order to provide the real-time applications. An RTOS can respond more quickly and/or predictably to an event than other operating systems.

The main features of an RTOS are minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency.

The basic two designs for RTOS are:


These are the best known, most widely used real-time operating systems. See List of real-time operating systems for a full list. Also, see List of operating systems for all types of operating systems.




Rage (band)

Rage is a heavy metal band from Germany. They have been playing since 1984. Today, only Peavy Wagner is the only member in the band who has been playing since the beginning. At first they were called "Avenger".






Egon Schiele

Egon Schiele (12 June 1890 – 31 October 1918) (, or SHEE-luh) was a painter from Austria. Some people see his work as expressionist, but also in the art nouveau movement. With Gustav Klimt and Oskar Kokoschka, he was among the most important artists of Wiener Moderne. The most important collection of Schiele's work is in the Leopold Museum in Vienna.

Schiele died of influenza, at only 28 years old of the pandemic known as Spanish flu, which killed between 20 and 100 million people.

Reduced instruction set computer

A reduced instruction set computing (acronym RISC pronounced "risk"), represents a CPU design method to simplify instructions which "do less" but provide higher performance by making instructions execute very fast.

RISC was developed as an alternative to what is now known as CISC. However, there are CPU designs other than RISC and CISC. Some examples are VLIW, MISC, OISC, massive parallel processing, systolic array, reconfigurable computing, and dataflow architecture.

The main feature of a RISC processors is a small core logic which allows designers to increase the number of the register set and increase internal parallelism using one of the following methods:

Other features, which are typically found in RISC architectures are:


Well known RISC processors include Alpha, ARC, ARM, AVR, MIPS, PA-RISC, PIC, Power Architecture (including PowerPC), SuperH, and SPARC.



Complex instruction set computer

A complex instruction set computer (acronym CISC pronounced "sisk"), represents a method in which each instruction can execute several low-level operations, such as a load from memory, an arithmetic operation, and a memory store, all in a single instruction. The term is used in contrast to reduced instruction set computer (RISC).

The terms RISC and CISC have become less meaningful with the continued improvements of both CISC and RISC designs and implementations. The first highly pipelined "CISC" implementations, such as Intel 80486 series, supports every instruction that their predecessors did, but achieved "high efficiency" only on a few simple x86 subset (similar to a RISC instruction set, but without the "" limitations of RISC). Modern x86 processors also decode and split more complex instructions into a series of smaller internal "Micro-operations" which can thereby be executed in a pipelined (parallel) fashion, thus achieving high performance on a much larger subset of instructions.

Examples of CISC processors are the (excluding the 'scientific' Model 44), , , Motorola 68000 family, and Intel x86 architecture based processors.


Debugger

A debugger is a computer program that is used to test and "debug" other programs, mainly to solve programming bugs. 

Debuggers offer advanced functions such as:

The same things that make a debugger useful for solving software bugs allow it to be used as a software cracking tool to defeat copy protection and other software protection features.

BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra

BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra (formerly known as BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra) is a digital radio station from the BBC. It is broadcast on digital radio services and digital TV in the UK and Republic of Ireland. It is not available on normal analogue radio. It is also streamed online, however, some events are not available online, or outside the UK.

It is used to provide an additional sports commentary service when the BBC's main sports channel, BBC Radio 5 Live, is already being used.

It has given coverage of Major League Baseball's World Series since 2004.
It is also the digital radio home for Test Match Special - the station provides full commentary without the shipping forecast given by the Radio 4 long wave coverage.

Each year during Wimbledon Sports Extra provides extra court commentary for the first week of the tournament. The station also provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other Grand Slam tournaments.

The station first broadcast at 2.30pm on 2 February 2002. Juliette Ferrington introduced the first programme - commentary of a Manchester United against Sunderland football match.


Firmware

In computing, firmware is a computer program that is "embedded" in a hardware device and is an essential part of the hardware. It is sometimes called embedded software. An example is a microcontroller, a part of the microprocessor that tells the microprocessor what actions to take. It can also be a larger program stored on flash memory, or uploaded onto existing hardware by a user.

As its name suggests, firmware is somewhere between hardware and software, connecting the two worlds. It can mean slightly different things to different people, especially as stand-alone electronic devices become more like computers. Like software, it is a computer program which is run by a microprocessor. But it is also linked to a piece of hardware and has no meaning without it.

A computer can have both firmware and software. The firmware is permanently stored in the computer, such as the BIOS, and cannot be easily changed or added to. Software, even the OS, can be replaced by reformatting the hard drive. Software includes the applications that a person operating a computer sees, like a web browser or a word processor. Sometimes a device driver is called firmware, since it is needed to run that piece of hardware, like a printer or a video card. The device driver is on the main part of the computer and can be easily updated (if an update exists).

Other electronic devices may not look like a computer, but they still have an embedded system such as a microcontroller inside, with a program telling them what to do. This is also firmware. A TV cable box, an elevator controller and a card reader in a hotel door lock all run firmware. In this case, the firmware is the only software on the device and it runs everything, from handling button presses to turning motors on or off.

In the past, firmware was stored in ROMs but now it is often stored in media that can be written to such as EEPROMs and Flash. Firmware in many machines such as routers can now be updated without any special hardware, other than a computer and a USB cable. This is done by downloading a new version from the World Wide Web to update the device, using instructions from the device manufacturer.

An electronic device is said to be "bricked" if it cannot be started because of firmware issues. It is then as useful as a brick. Loading the wrong firmware into a device might cause this. Firmware is stored as a binary image file.

Examples of firmware include:


Tropical Storm Edouard (2008)

Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that formed in the Gulf of Mexico. A weather system became still in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August. An area of low pressure formed along the shear line early on August 2, which slowly became stronger during the next day. It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five, and was named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3. The tropical storm moved towards the west on August 4. It moved onto land on August 5 on the upper Texas coast, about 40 miles southwest of Port Arthur and moved west-northwest into inland Texas. Edouard died out over land and became a tropical depression late on August 5. The depression turned to the northwest, causing heavy rain in central Texas on August 6.

In preparations for the storm, emergency teams along the Louisiana and Texas coasts became active. The Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, started a disaster declaration for 17 counties in Texas that were in the possible path of the storm. He also activated around 1,200 National Guard troops, a 70 member rescue team, six helicopters, and a team that brings food and water to affected areas. About 200 buses became ready for use in San Antonio and Houston to help in evacuations. Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declared a statewide emergency. In Cameron Parish, Louisiana, the Office of Emergency Preparedness started a mandatory evacuation, and Sheriff's deputies put up roadblocks. In the Gulf of Mexico, the Shell Oil company removed about 40 workers from drilling locations. 

Storm surge from the storm reached at Freshwater Locks in Louisiana, and also reached at Rollover Pass in Texas. Heavy rain fell along the upper Texas coast. The highest rainfall in Jefferson county from Edouard was from a site along the East Bay Bayou at Jones and Allen. In the Houston, Texas area, of rain faell at the Baytown Emergency Management Center. In central Texas, a cluster of thunderstorms near the center of the storm on August 6 caused of rain near Hamilton, Texas. The strongest winds of at the caused loss of electric power and a few fallen trees.


Discriminant

In algebra, the discriminant, sometimes represented by the symbol formula_1, is an algebraic expression used to determine the number of roots a polynomial have. 

For example, the discriminant of the quadratic polynomial 

If the discriminant is larger than zero, then the polynomial has two (distinct) real numbers as roots. 

If the discriminant is equal to zero, then the polynomial has two repeating real numbers as roots (i.e., exactly one real root).

If the discriminant is smaller than zero, then the polynomial has two (purely) complex numbers as roots (i.e., zero real root).

Apart for quadratic polynomials, discriminants can be defined for cubic polynomials, general conic equations, and other mathematical entities such as differential equations and quadratic forms as well.


Single event upset

A single event upset (SEU) is a change of state caused by a low-energy ions or electro-magnetic or nuclear radiation or any other kind of interferences that can reach (called ""strike"") a sensitive node in a micro-electronic device, such as in a microprocessor, semiconductor memory, or power transistors. The error in the device output or operation caused as a result of the strike is called a SEU or a soft error. The SEU itself is not considered permanent damage to the transistor's, circuits' or devices'.

Chris Gbandi

Chris Gbandi is a football player. He plays for Haugesund and Liberia national team.

113||0
0||0
113||0
!Total||1||0

Matthew Wolfenden (footballer)

Matthew Wolfenden is a football player. He plays for F.C. United of Manchester. He has also played for Oldham Athletic and Wrexham.

Arthur Wharton

Arthur Wharton (28 October 1865 – 12 December 1930) was a English former football player. He is believed to be the first black professional football player in the World.

Hristo Stoichkov

Hristo Stoichkov (born 8 February 1966) is a former Bulgarian football player. He has played for Bulgaria national team.

155||96||||||||||||||155||96
177||83||31||12||colspan="2"|-||48||22||256||117
23||5||2||0||colspan="2"|-||5||2||30||7
5||1||||||||||||||5||1
27||12||1||0||1||1||colspan="2"|-||29||13
72||22||9||4||||||||||81||26
459||219||43||16||1||1||53||24||556||260

!Total||83||37

Sandy Martens

Sandy Martens (born 23 December 1972) was a Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium national team.

Club Brugge

C. B. Fry

Charles Burgess Fry (most commonly known as C. B. Fry; 25 April 1872 – 7 September 1956) is a former sportsman. He played cricket and football for England. He played in an FA Cup Final. Fry held a world record for long jump for many years. He also played rugby union.

Later in his life, he was a writer and diplomat. He was asked to become king of Albania, but refused it.

!Total||1||0

Egil Olsen

Egil Olsen is a former football player. He has played for Norway national team.

!Total||16||0

Franck Queudrue

Franck Queudrue (born 27 August 1978) is a football player. He plays for Birmingham City.

40||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||7||0||47||2
195||12||18||0||12||1||23||0||248||13
235||14||18||0||12||1||30||0||295||15

Craig Bellamy

Craig Douglas Bellamy (born 13 July 1979) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played as a forward and is current assistant manager at Premier League side Burnley. 

Celtic

Liverpool

Cardiff City

Individual

Derlei

Vanderlei Fernandes Silva (born 14 July 1975), known as Derlei, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a striker.

América-RN

Porto

Sporting
Individual

Avril Lavigne

Avril Ramona Lavigne (born September 27, 1984) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and actress. Her first album "Let Go" was credited as the biggest pop debut of 2002. It was certified seven-times Platinum in the United States. Avril is considered a key musician in the development of pop punk music since she paved the way for female-driven, punk-influenced pop music in the early 2000s.

Avril grew up in Ontario. At the age of 14, she began writing her own music and performing at country fairs. Her first song "Can't Stop Thinking About You" was about a teenage crush, which she described as "cheesy cute". By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain. By 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million.

In June 2002, Avril Lavigne began with the release of her first album "Let Go" and also a music video for the first single "Complicated". In the US, it reached number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart. At 17 years old, Avril was the youngest female soloist to have a number-one album on the UK Albums Chart at that time. She was nominated for five Grammy Awards. "Complicated, Sk8r Boi" and "I'm With You" were all number one songs on the "Billboard" Mainstream Top 40.

"Under My Skin", was released on May 2004. The album debuted at number one in Australia, Mexico, Canada, Japan, UK, and U.S. The singles from the album were "Don't Tell Me", "My Happy Ending", "Nobody's Home" and "He Wasn't". Avril was awarded for "World's Best Pop/Rock Artist" and "World's Bestselling Canadian Artist" at the 2004 World Music Awards. She received five Juno Award nominations in 2005. She won three of them which include "Artist of the Year".

"The Best Damn Thing" was released In April 2007. "Girlfriend", the first single from the album became Lavigne's first number-one single on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and was one of the decade's biggest singles. The album was the first to carry a parental advisory warning due to repeated use of swear words. Avril described the album as "fast, fun, young, bratty, aggressive, confident, cocky in a playful way ... all the good stuff". The albums second single was "When You're Gone". Avril won two World Music Awards in 2007, for "World's Bestselling Canadian Artist" and "World's Best Pop/Rock Female Artist".

"Goodbye Lullaby" was released on March 2011 in the US. Avril said that the album as being about her life experiences rather than focusing on relationships and that it was easy for her to do a "boy-bashing pop song," but it was different to write about something "that's really close to me, something I've been through." Other than the album's lead single "What the Hell", Avril described the songs on "Goodbye Lullaby" as different from her earlier songs. She said her music on this album was less pop rock than her previous material.

Avril's fifth studio album, the self-titled "Avril Lavigne", was released on November 2013. Avril described the album as being "pop and more fun again". The four singles from the album were "Here's to Never Growing Up", "Rock n Roll", "Let Me Go", and "Hello Kitty".

Avril's sixth studio album "Head Above Water" was released on February 2019. The four singles from the album were: "Head Above Water", "Tell Me It's Over", "Dumb Blonde" and "I Fell in Love with the Devil". Avril re-recorded the track "Warrior" and released it as a single titled "We Are Warriors". All the proceeds from the single supported Project HOPE during the COVID-19 pandemic.

At an interview in May 2020, Avril mentioned that she would "like to release some music in 2021 and that she's started working on new material, which could be the basis of her next album". In September 2022, she got her own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

During her childhood, Avril was diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. She has taken Ritalin ever since.

Avril was diagnosed with Lyme disease in 2014. In an interview, she said that she was in the recovery process, and that she wanted to increase awareness of the disease.

Lavigne stated music artists like Alanis Morissette, No Doubt, Green Day, Sum 41, Lisa Loeb, System of a Down, Goo Goo Dolls, Matchbox Twenty, Nirvana, Blink-182, Natalie Imbruglia, Incubus, Coldplay, Hanson, The Rubinoos, Concrete Blonde and Joan Jett as influences.




Hannibal Lecter

Doctor Hannibal Lecter is a fictional serial killer. He is a character in books by the crime drama writer Thomas Harris. Several of these books have been made into movies. Lecter was also the main character in an NBC television show called "Hannibal". 

Lecter is a cannibal, meaning that he eats people. He is also highly intelligent, so that he can talk to people in a way that makes them afraid or disturbed. He employs this unusual technique most famously in "The Silence of the Lambs", a novel featuring him that was made into a movie starring Anthony Hopkins as Lecter. The movie became very popular, and won many awards.

Lecter is Lithuanian. He is cultured, and his reasons for killing people are often that he thinks they are annoying, rude or corrupt. He is a psychopath, a predator who does not feel empathy. Thus, he feels no guilt about his actions.


Thomas Harris first wrote about Lecter in his novel Red Dragon, which shows how Hannibal Lecter was caught by the FBI, and ends up using his intelligence to help the agent who caught him catch another killer named Francis Dolarhyde. Will Graham, the agent who caught Lecter, is at first very offended by Lecter's demeanor, but comes to appreciate his help when Lecter gives him insight into the way Dolarhyde's mind works. Dolarhyde believes that he is a god, and that he is unaffected by laws and rules. 

Two movies were based on this book. "Manhunter" (1986) starred Tom Noonan as Dolarhyde and Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecktor. In "Red Dragon" (2002), Anthony Hopkins played Hannibal Lecter and Ralph Fiennes played Dolarhyde.

Lecter returned in "The Silence of the Lambs", the sequel to Red Dragon. The movie based on this book became very popular. The book is about an FBI agent named Clarice Starling (played by Jodie Foster in the movie), who, like Will Graham from Red Dragon, is trying to catch a serial killer, who calls himself "Buffalo Bill" because he skins his victims like buffalo. Starling makes a deal with Lecter in which she will try to get him transferred to another prison (Lecter hates his cell) if he will help her understand Buffalo Bill's mind. In the end, Starling catches Bill, but Lecter escapes from prison, fleeing to Africa.

Harris' next novel was "Hannibal". It was a sequel to "Silence of the Lambs". The book told the story about what happened to Hannibal Lecter after he escaped from prison. Lector was hiding in Italy. He used a false name and driver's license so he would not be caught. The book is about a victim of his, named Mason Verger. Verger survived when Lecter tried to eat his face. He now wants to get revenge on Lecter. Mason Verger captures Lecter. He tries to kill him with attack hogs, but Lecter escapes with the help of Clarice Starling. Lecter was again played by Hopkins in the 2001 movie.

The final book in the series was "Hannibal Rising". It shows Lecter as a child. It tries to explain why he is a murderous cannibal by describing the death of his family during World War II. The critics did not like "Hannibal Rising" as much as they liked the first three books. This was mainly because people thought that the story was unrealistic. They also felt it was not true to the characters. Thomas Harris has said in many interviews that he only wrote the book because he was afraid that someone else would write a book about Lecter as a child. This book was also the basis for a film of the same name, with Gaspard Ulliel as young Hannibal.

The character of Hannibal Lecter has become very popular in American culture. This is mainly because he is so scary. Lecter is often thought to be one of the best movie villains of all time, next to Freddy Krueger and Norman Bates. AFI listed him at #1 on their list "Top 50 Movie Villains of All Time"

Asunción

Asunción (full name: Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción), is the capital city and largest city of Paraguay. The city has more than 1.2 million inhabitants, and the metropolitan area has more than 1.8 million inhabitants. It is on the left bank of the Paraguay River and is the main seaport of Paraguay.

The Spanish word "asunción" means "assumption" in English. It refers to the Assumption of Mary; the full name means "Our Lady, Holy Mary of the Assumption".

Predestination

Predestination is a religious concept, which is about the relationship between God and His creation. The religious character of predestination distinguishes it from other ideas about determinism and free will. Those who believe in predestination, such as John Calvin, believe that before the creation God determined the destiny of the universe throughout all of time and space. They believe that God orders some people to Heaven, and all other people will go to Hell because of their sins. This is determined before they even are born.

Definition: predestination is the divine foreordaining or foreknowledge of all that will happen. It applies to the salvation of some and not others. It has been particularly associated with the teachings of St. Augustine of Hippo and of John Calvin.



A Nightmare on Elm Street

A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher movie. It was directed by Wes Craven and released to movie theaters by Warner Bros. It is about five teenagers who are followed in their dreams by the ghost of serial killer Freddy Krueger, played by Robert Englund. It also stars John Saxon as Lt. Donald Thompson.

Actor Johnny Depp had his first movie role in "A Nightmare on Elm Street".

It is the first in the "A Nightmare on Elm Street movie series". The next movie in the series is "".

Gladiolus

Gladiolus (from Latin, the diminutive of "gladius", a sword) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family (Iridaceae). Sometimes called the sword lily, the most widely-used English common name for these plants is simply gladiolus (plural gladioli, gladioluses or sometimes gladiolas).

The genus "Gladiolus" contains about 260 species, of which 250 are native to sub-Saharan Africa, mostly South Africa. About 10 species are native to Eurasia. There are 160 species of "Gladiolus" endemic in southern Africa and 76 in tropical Africa. The species vary from very small to the spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce.

These attractive, perennial herbs are semihardy in temperate climates. They grow from rounded, symmetrical corms, that are enveloped in several layers of brownish, fibrous tunics.

Their stems are generally unbranched, producing 1 to 9 narrow, sword-shaped, longitudinal grooved leaves, enclosed in a sheath. The lowest leaf is shortened to a cataphyll. The leaf blades can be plane or cruciform in cross section.

The fragrant flower spikes are large and one-sided, with secund, bisexual flowers, each subtended by 2 leathery, green bracts. The sepals and the petals are almost identical in appearance, and are termed tepals. They are united at their base into a tube-shaped structure. The dorsal tepal is the largest, arching over the three stamens. The outer three tepals are narrower. The perianth is funnel-shaped, with the stamens attached to its base. The style has three filiform, spoon-shaped branches, each expanding towards the apex.

The ovary is 3-locular with oblong or globose capsules, containing many, winged brown, longitudinally dehiscent seeds. In their center must be noticeable the specific pellet like structure which is the real seed without the fine coat. In some seeds this structure is wrinkled and with black color. These seeds are unable to germinate.

These flowers are variously colored, pink to reddish or light purple with white, contrasting markings, or white to cream or orange to red. 

The South African species were originally pollinated by long-tongued anthrophorine bees, but some changes in the pollination system have occurred, allowing pollination by sunbirds, noctuid and sphingid moths, long-tongued flies and several others. In the temperate zones of Europe many of the hybrid large flowering sorts of gladiolas can be pollinated by small well-known wasps. Actually, They are not very good pollinators because of the large flowers of the plants and the small size of the wasps. Another insect in this zone which can try some of the nectar of the gladioli is the best-known European Hawk-moth "Macroglossum stellatarum" which usually pollinates many famous garden flowers like "Petunia", "Zinnia", "Dianthus" and others.

Gladioli are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the Large Yellow Underwing.

Flying possum

A flying possum or glider may refer to any of several marsupial species:




Feathertail glider

The feathertail glider ("Acrobates pygmaeus"), also known as the pygmy gliding possum, pygmy glider or flying mouse, is the world's smallest gliding mammal. It is named after its long feather-shaped tail. Although only the size of a very small mouse (65 to 80 mm and 10 to 14 g), it can leap and glide long distances from tree to tree, up to 25 metres. Like other gliding mammals, the feathertail glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs; thicker than that of the other marsupials like the sugar glider, but smaller in proportion, extending only between the elbows and knees.

Sugar glider

The sugar glider ("Petaurus breviceps") is a small marsupial originally native to eastern and northern mainland Australia, New Guinea, and the Bismarck Archipelago, and introduced to Tasmania. It is called a sugar glider because it likes to feed on the sugary sap from certain trees, and can jump from trees and glide through the air to another tree. They live in trees, and rarely travel on the ground. They eat many foods, but mostly tree sap and insects. They look and act much like a flying squirrel, but they are not related. Sugar gliders are actually related to possums

Around the world, people very cruelly keep the sugar glider as a domestic pet. It is one of the most commonly traded wild animals in the illegal pet trade, where animals are plucked directly from their natural habitats. 

In Australia, sugar gliders can be kept in Victoria, South Australia and the Northern Territory but not Western Australia, New South Wales, ACT or Tasmania.

Sugar gliders are most popular as pets in the United States, where they are bred in large numbers. Most states and cities allow sugar gliders as pets, with some exceptions. In some places, a license or permit might be needed to own a sugar glider, because they are very dangerous as an exotic pet or wild animal.

Their dietary requirements can be hard to meet, which gives another reason as to why they should not be kept as pets. Sugar gliders mostly eat the sap and gum of trees. At times they will also have insects, nectar, and fruits. The adequate diet of a sugar glider should consist of 75% fruits, and 25% of vegetable and insects. 


Bismarck Archipelago

The Bismarck Archipelago is a group of islands off the northeastern coast of New Guinea in the western Pacific Ocean and part of Papua New Guinea.

The first inhabitants of the archipelago arrived around 33,000 years ago after they sailed from what is now Papua New Guinea. Later arrivals included the Lapita people.

The first European to visit the islands was the Dutch explorer Willem Schouten in 1616.

The islands remained unsettled by Western Europeans until they became part of the German protectorate of German New Guinea in 1884. The area was named after German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck.

On 13 March 1888, a volcano erupted on Ritter Island causing a megatsunami. Almost all of the volcano fell into the ocean, which left a small lake in the volcanic crater.

Afer the outbreak of World War I, the Australian Naval and Military Expeditionary Force seized the islands in 1914 and Australia later received a League of Nations mandate for the islands. They remained under Australian control (interrupted only by the Japanese occupation during World War II) until Papua New Guinea became independent in 1975.



Legal precedent

In common law legal systems, a precedent or authority is a legal case that establishes a principle or rule. This principle or rule is then used by the court or other judicial bodies use when deciding later cases with similar issues or facts. The use of precedent provides predictability, stability, fairness, and efficiency in the law. The Latin term stare decisis is the doctrine of legal precedent. 

The precedent on an issue is the body of judicially announced principles that a court should consider when interpreting the law. When a precedent establishes an important legal principle, or represents new or changed law on a particular issue, that precedent is often known as a landmark decision. Precedent is central to legal analysis and rulings in countries that follow common law like the United Kingdom and Canada (except Quebec). In some systems precedent is not binding but is taken into account by the courts.

Precedent that must be applied or followed is known as "binding precedent" (alternately "mandatory precedent", "mandatory" or "binding authority", etc.). Under the doctrine of "stare decisis", a lower court must honor the findings of law made by a higher court that is within the appeals path of cases the court hears. By definition decisions of lower courts are not binding on each other or any courts higher in the system, nor are appeals court decisions binding on each other or on local courts that fall under a different appeals court. Courts must follow their own proclamations of law made earlier on other cases, and honor rulings made by other courts in disputes among the parties before them pertaining to the same pattern of facts or events, unless they have a strong reason to change these rulings.

One law professor has described mandatory precedent as follows:

In extraordinary circumstances a higher court may overturn or overrule mandatory precedent, but will often attempt to distinguish the precedent before overturning it, thereby limiting the scope of the precedent in any event.

Precedent is not "binding" on a judge or “mandatory” in the same sense that laws are binding on citizens. A judge can't be jailed or fined for disagreeing with it. His oath is not to precedent, but at least for federal judges, is to "the constitution and the laws of the United States". The Canons of Judicial Ethics do not mention obedience to precedent, but to "the federal Constitution and that of the state whose laws they administer." The Code of Judicial Conduct says nothing about precedent. In most cases, precedent is the most reasonable interpretation of the Constitution and laws, in which cases the oath to the constitution is most faithfully observed by following precedent. But when a judge finds the interpretation of the Constitution in a majority opinion unpersuasive, compared to the interpretation in the dissent, then following precedent may violate the judge's oath. In a ruling where Judge Roy Moore saw such a distinction, he acknowledged its authority as precedent, but said "[The] interpretation of the Constitution [by the Supreme Court majority] is "their" interpretation. But nothing can conflict with a sworn officer's oath to the Constitution." Of course chaos is the consequence of "careless" disregard of precedent. Citizens trying to obey the law need a sense of what the law is.

Precedent that is not mandatory but which is useful or relevant is known as "persuasive precedent" (or "persuasive authority" or "advisory precedent"). Persuasive precedent includes cases decided by lower courts, by peer or higher courts from other geographic jurisdictions, cases made in other parallel systems (for example, military courts, administrative courts, indigenous/tribal courts, State courts versus Federal courts in the United States), and in some exceptional circumstances, cases of other nations, treaties, world judicial bodies, etc.

In a case of first impression, courts often rely on persuasive precedent from courts in other jurisdictions that have previously dealt with similar issues. Persuasive precedent may become binding through the adoption of the persuasive precedent by a higher court.

Long-held custom, which has traditionally been recognized by courts and judges, is the first kind of precedent. Custom can be so deeply entrenched in the society at large that it gains the force of law. There need never have been a specific case decided on the same or similar issues in order for a court to take notice of customary or traditional precedent in its deliberations.

The other type of precedent is case law. In common law systems this type of precedent is granted more or less weight in the deliberations of a court according to a number of factors. Most important is whether the precedent is "on point," that is, does it deal with a circumstance identical or very similar to the circumstance in the instant case? Second, when and where was the precedent decided? A recent decision in the same jurisdiction as the instant case will be given great weight. Next in descending order would be recent precedent in jurisdictions whose law is the same as local law. Least weight would be given to precedent that stems from dissimilar circumstances, older cases that have since been contradicted, or cases in jurisdictions that have different law.

The United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit has stated:

The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has stated:

Precedents viewed against passing time can serve to establish trends, thus indicating the next logical step in developing interpretations of the law. For instance, if immigration has become increasingly restricted under the law, then the next legal decision on that subject may serve to restrict it further still.

Scholars have recently attempted to apply network theory to precedents in order to establish which precedents are most important or authoritative, and how the court's interpretations and priorities have changed over time.

Super-stare decisis is a term used for important precedent that is resistant or immune from being overturned, without regard to whether correctly decided in the first place. It may be viewed as one extreme in a range of precedential power, or alternately, to express a belief, or a critique of that belief, that some decisions should not be overturned.

In 1976, Richard Posner and William Landes coined the term "super-precedent," in an article they wrote about testing theories of precedent by counting citations. Posner and Landes used this term to describe the influential effect of a cited decision. The term "super-precedent" later became associated with different issue: the difficulty of overturning a decision. In 1992, Rutgers professor Earl Maltz criticized the Supreme Court's decision in "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" for endorsing the idea that if one side can take control of the Court on an issue of major national importance (as in "Roe v. Wade"), that side can protect its position from being reversed "by a kind of super-stare decisis." 

The issue arose anew in the questioning of Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito during their confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Before the hearings the chair of the committee, Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, wrote in the "New York Times" referring to "Roe" as a "super-precedent." He mentioned the concept (and made seemingly humorous references to "super-duper precedent") during the hearings, but neither Roberts nor Alito endorsed the term or the concept.

In a controversial 1997 book, attorney Michael Trotter blamed over-reliance by American lawyers on binding and persuasive authority, rather than the merits of the case at hand, as a major factor behind the escalation of legal costs during the 20th century. He argued that courts should ban the citation of persuasive precedent from outside their jurisdiction, with two exceptions:


Ford Escort (Europe)

"For the North American Ford Escort, see Ford Escort (North America). For the 1950s Ford Escort estate car, see Ford Squire.

The European Ford Escort was a car made by the Ford Motor Company from 1968 through 2002. The first generation was produced from 1968 to 1974. The second generation was made from 1974 to 1980. The third generation was made from 1980 to 1986, it was the first Escort to offer hatchback models as well as front-wheel drive, it was mildly updated in 1983 with a 5-door estate and a convertible added and also spawned a saloon version called the Orion. The fourth generation arrived in March 1986 and was made until 1990. From 1982 to 1989, the third and later fourth generation Escorts was the UK’s best-selling car. The fifth generation appeared in September 1990 and was criticised by the motoring press due to its bland styling, dull drive and old engines but it was still a strong seller, it got a facelift in September 1992, the Orion name was dropped in 1993. The sixth and final generation arrived in early 1995 and was replaced by the Focus in late 1998, although the Escort continued alongside it with a reduced range until 2000 with the vans being discontinued in 2002. 

Ford launched the Focus in 1998. It was supposed to replace the Escort, which was now 30 years old. However, the Escort wasn't fully discontinued until 2000. The van version continued on until 2002 when it was replaced with the Transit Connect.

This shows how the Ford Escort has changed each generation.

Ford Fiesta

The Ford Fiesta is a subcompact car made by Ford Motor Company from 1976 to 2023. Until 1986, it was the smallest Ford vehicle until the arrival of the Festiva (a car made by Ford in a joint-venture with Mazda and Kia in markets where the Fiesta wasn't sold). 

The first generation was made from 1976 to 1983 and was sold in the US from 1978 to 1980, the second generation was made from 1983 to 1989 although this version is a heavily updated first generation car, it was unusual in offering 2 different dashboard designs for basic and higher-end models of it. 

The third generation arrived in early 1989 and was the first Fiesta to be sold with 5-doors alongside 3, it received updates in 1992, 1994 and 1995 when it became the Fiesta Classic, selling with the newer fourth generation car until production ended in early 1997. The fourth generation arrived in late 1995 and gained a rebadged version called the Mazda 121 in early 1996, although it wasn't as popular as the Fiesta itself, it was facelifted in late 1999 and was made until 2002 when UK production of it ended. 

The fifth generation arrived in Spring 2002, it was facelifted in late 2005 with new colours and interior and was produced until 2008. The sixth generation Fiesta arrived in late 2008 and is sold more globally than previous generations including the US where it arrived in Spring 2010 as a 2011 model. It was facelifted in early 2013 and as a 2014 model for the US, it was sold there until 2019. The seventh generation Fiesta arrived in July 2017 with a facelift in late 2021 and the 3-door model axed in 2022. 

Ford ended production of the Fiesta on 7 July 2023 because of their expanding SUV lineup.

This shows how the Ford Fiesta has changed each generation.

Ford Fusion (Europe)

The European Ford Fusion was a car made by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to 2012 with a facelift in late 2005. It was sold in Europe and India. It was replaced with the B-Max in 2012. 

Ford Galaxy

The Ford Galaxy is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 to the present day. The original model was made by Volkswagen. It was also sold as the Volkswagen Sharan and Seat Alhambra. It got a facelift in 2000. It was redesigned in 2006 made by Ford themselves. The third generation was unveiled in 2014. 

As of 2014 there have been three generations. It was discontinued with the Ford S-Max in 2023.

Ford C-Max

The Ford C-Max is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2003 to 2019. It was originally called the Focus C-Max before it had a facelift in 2007. It entered its 2nd generation in 2010 and is available in 5-seat and Grand 7-seat versions. It was facelifted in 2015 and in 2019, Ford ended production of it. 



Ford S-Max

The Ford S-Max is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2006 to 2023. The first generation was made from 2006 to 2015 with a facelift in 2010. It entered its second generation in 2015. It was discontinued in 2023 with the Ford Galaxy.

Ford Puma

The Ford Puma was a sports car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1997 through 2002. The car received great praise for its fun handling but wasn't replaced when production stopped. In late 2019, Ford reused the Puma name on a new small, sporty crossover model. 

Kilkenny

Kilkenny () is the county town (seat) of County Kilkenny in Ireland. It is on both banks of the River Nore, at the centre of County Kilkenny in the historic province of Leinster in the south-east of the country. Kilkenny City is administered by a borough council and has a Mayor form of government. The majority of the population of Kilkenny City live outside the borough boundary. It is the smallest city in the country, with only 25,000 people living there.

From being founded by the church, Kilkenny was the ancient capital of the kingdom of Ossory. The town was established, then a city, in 1609 by royal charter. Kilkenny was the capital of Confederate Ireland between 1642 and 1649. The seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory and the Church of Ireland Bishop of Cashel and Ossory are in Kilkenny.

Kilkenny is famous for its medieval building and castle. The town has been referred to as the "Marble City" for centuries. People from Kilkenny are often referred to as 'Cats'.

Ford Cougar

The Ford Cougar was a car produced by Ford Motor Company. It was sold in the European market from 1998 through 2002. The US version was sold as the Mercury Cougar.


Ford Kuga

The Ford Kuga is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2008 to the present day. It entered its second generation in early 2013 and is the same as the US market Escape. It is only sold in Europe.


Ford Transit

Ford Transit is a van produced by Ford Motor Company from 1965 to the present day. It is currently in its fourth generation.

The first van to wear the Transit badge was the Taunus Transit. It was produced in Germany. It gained this name in 1961, eight years after it was introduced in 1953. It was not sold in the UK. Production of it ceased in 1965.

The first generation Transit was launched in October 1965.

In 1977, the model was improved. It had new front lights, new grille, new front and rear bumpers and a new new bonnet

The second generation Transit was launched in January 1986.

In 1994, the model was improved. It had new front and rear lights, new front and rear bumpers and a new new bonnet

The third generation Transit, was launched in July 2000.

In August 2006, the model was improved. It had new front and rear lights, new front and rear bumpers and a new new bonnet

The fourth-generation Transit was launched in January 2013 at the 2013 North American (Detroit) International Auto Show.

In 2020, the model was improved. It had a new grille and the engine was improved.

Ford Transit Connect is a compact van produced by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to the present day. It is currently in its second generation.

Ford Transit Custom is a compact van and leisure van produced by Ford Motor Company from 2013 to the present day. It is currently in its first generation.

Ford Transit Tourneo is a leisure vehicle produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 to the present day.

A leisure version of the Transit Connect, the Tourneo Connect is made too however the Tourneo Connect is not the same model as the Connect.


Citroën XM

Citroën XM was a car produced by Citroën from 1989 to 2000. It originally launched as a 5-door hatchback in May 1989 and an estate was added in late 1991. It received a facelift in July 1994 but sales were never strong and got worse later in its life and the XM was discontinued in June 2000. 

Citroën hoped that the C6 would replace the XM after its discontinuation in 2000. However, the first C6 did not roll off the production line until 2006. 

Citroën Xantia

Citroën Xantia was a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the Citroën BX in early 1993, with an estate version added in 1995 and a facelift at the end of 1997 and was replaced by the Citroën C5 in early 2001. It came in hatchback and estate bodystyles and was sold as a budget option towards the end of its run in France until 2002. 


Gaeltacht Quarter

The Gaeltacht Quarter in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is an area around the Falls Road in the west of the city. A Gaeltacht is an area where the Irish language is most often spoken. The area aims to bring interest to the Irish language and tourist attractions related to it, as well as Irish culture.

Plans for a gaeltacht quarter in Belfast began in 2002, as a recommendation of the Joint West Belfast/Greater Shankill Task Force. The plan was then adopted by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure and Belfast City Council.

Important areas and events in the quarter include the An Cúlturlann arts centre, Conway Mill and the Féile an Phobail.



Belfast Quarters

The central area of Belfast has been divided into seven Quarters related to its history:


The Quarters do not evenly divide the city into four parts, and not all of Belfast's city centre is part of a Quarter. Instead, each Quarter has something important in its history and locale. The "Quarter" names were given in 2001.


Citroën Xsara

Citroën Xsara was a car produced by Citroën from 1997 through 2005. An MPV version, the Xsara Picasso, was launched in 1999 and was produced until 2010.


Vietnamese

Vietnamese might mean:


Helsinki Olympic Stadium

Helsinki Olympic Stadium (or Olympiastadion) is a sports stadium in Helsinki, Finland. The 1952 Summer Olympics took place in the stadium. Finland's national football team plays there.

Citroën Berlingo

The Citroën Berlingo is a series of almost identical vans and leisure activity vehicles produced by Citroën in three generations since 1996. It is builded in cooperation with Peugeot.

Peugeot make the same vehicle but with a different name, The name is: Peugeot Partner.

Citroën created the first generation Berlingo I in July 1996 and Peugeot created Peugeot Partner I in 1996.

In 2004, the model was improved at the front, It had a new bumper, bonnet, and headlamps.

The second generation Citroën Berlingo II was created in April 2008, The Peugeot Partner II was created in May 2008.

The second generation leisure activity vehicles have different names, They are: Citroën Berlingo Multispace and Peugeot Partner Tepee.

The third generation Citroën Berlingo III and Peugeot Rifter were unveiled in March 2018. It was rebadged as the Opel Combo.


DAX

The DAX is a stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany. In German DAX stands for "Deutscher Aktien Index" (in English: German stock index). It is very much like the Dow Jones Industrial Average in the US, in that 30 companies are in this exchange. They are:



Westminster Under School

Westminster Under School is a private preparatory school for boys aged 7 to 13 and is part of Westminster School in London.

The school was founded in 1943 in the buildings of Westminster School in Little Dean’s Yard, just behind Westminster Abbey. In 1951 the Under School relocated to its own site in Eccleston Square. Due to rising numbers of students in the 1960s and 1970s, the school moved again in 1981 to its present site (which was a former hospital) next the Westminster School playing fields in Vincent Square. There are 267 pupils attending the school. The school has a strong musical tradition and provides choristers for St Margaret's Church, London. 
Most boys attending the school move on to Westminster School after the completion of either Common Entrance or Scholarship examinations (The Challenge), although a number of boys each year go onto other schools, most often either Eton or Harrow.

The Master is Mrs Elizabeth Hill ; the Deputy Master is Mr D. Bratt. There are currently 39 members of staff.

The school fees for 2008-9 are £4412 pre term.


Furby

A Furby (plural Furbys or Furbies, according to Tiger Electronics) is a popular electronic toy or robot, more specifically, a hamster/owl-like creature made by Tiger Electronics, which went through a time of being the "must-have" toy following its launch in the winter holiday season of 1998, with continuing sales until 2000. Furbies sold 1.8 million units in 1998, 14 million units in 1999, and altogether in its three best years Furby sold over 40 million units, and its speaking capabilities were translated into 24 languages. A video game of the Furbies was released in 1998 by Hasbro Interactive with many activities. Furbies were the first successful attempt to produce and sell a programmed robot. In 2005, new Furbies were released, with voice-recognition and more complex facial movements, among many other changes and improvements. There was a common mistake that they repeated words that were said around them. This belief most likely came from the fact that it is possible to have the Furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words. As a result of this myth, several intelligence agencies banned them from their offices.

David Hampton and Caleb Chung created the Furby in about nine months (in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy). That was the amount of time between Tiger Electronics showing an interest in his interactive creatures, during which Roger Schiffman bought the rights to it, and the time they hit store shelves. Furby's first public appearance was at the International Toy Fair in 1998. Furbys originally retailed for about US$35, and upon release Furbys flew off the shelves in toyshops. The demand for these toys during the 1998 holiday season drove the resale price over US$100 and sometimes as high as several hundred dollars. Furbies sold for over US$300 in newspapers and in auctions. Nicknames were given to them, and sellers gave values to them. Some people continue to call their Furbies by the terms 'wedding Furby', 'tuxedo Furby', 'snowball Furby', 'biker Furby', and others. All, of course, were named rare by sellers, because they were so hard to find at the time. In a sure display of the demand for even one Furby, some sellers at the time scammed people out of a lot of money, without even having first given them a Furby. Parent battles, arguments, and fights grew higher at the popularity of them, and when retail supplies ran out, parents turned to the Internet, where Furbies could be purchased for two, three, or more times their retail price. This action led to many parents ending up on eBay.

In 2005 Furbies were re-introduced with the release of the new Emoto-Tronic Furby. The highly growing emotional realism of the Emoto-Tronic Furby has given birth to a number of Furby-like special interest groups. These communities want to bring features of the Furby experience into human society. The most visible of these groups include Furbish-to-English translators and Furby adoption agencies. 

On April 12, 2012, it was announced that Hasbro would be making a new line of Furbies. The new line was released in September 2012. As of December 2012 there were sixteen colors. Furbies were one of the eleven toys named the top toys for Christmas 2013 by the Toy Retailers Association at the DreamToys Convention where they unveil their predictions for the most popular holiday toys annually.

The original Furbies were 6 inches (15 cm) tall. The main reason for their popularity was because of their apparent "intelligence", reflected in their ability to develop language skills. Furbies can communicate with one another via an infrared port located between their eyes. A simple electric motor and a system of cameras and gears close the Furby's eyes and mouth, raise its ears, and lift it off the ground in a "faux" display of mobility. The originals are still popular with many hackers as they can be dissected and made or changed to do other interesting things, including being able to say something insulting or humorous, like "Shut up". In particular, they can made be to do things with their advanced audio capabilities and various sensory interfaces. 

In 1999, the Furby Babies line was introduced. Furby Babies are smaller than the original, have higher voices, and cannot dance, but switch to speaking English more quickly. They also have bigger vocabulary, and different "Easter Eggs" and "games" built into them. Baby furbies come in 24 different colors. All with white eye lashes, six different eyecolors.

Book Furbies were also released, including an interactive Furby-like Gizmo, from the movie Gremlins, a Furby-like Interactive Yoda based on the Star Wars character, and a Furby-like Interactive E.T. from the movie of the same name. Another 'friend of furby', called Shelby, is similar to Furby, but looks like a clam, has lots of improvement in memory, and has a different personality; it was released in 2001 and can communicate with the original Furbies and Furby Babies. They also have sensors that can sense loud sounds. They can sense being upside down (they say things like "Shiver me timbers" and "Walk the plank", in the style of a pirate ship captain, when you leave them upside-down for a long period of time), and they laugh when you "tickle" them (their antennae - or "tennies", as they like to call them). They also purr when you "pet" them. You can feed them by sticking your finger in their mouth. Similarly, Shelbys do not have their own names, unlike the classic Furbies. Shelbys are also capable of knowing if it is talking to a Furby or another Shelby, saying phrases such as "Where's Furby?" - though they cannot tell the difference between a Furby and a Furby Baby - they just think it's a Furby. In addition to English, Shelbys also know some Furbish words and also have their own language called "Shelbish."

Some Holiday furbies are limited edition. They were made in 2001
Different kinds of Furby were released in August 2005. Larger than the other ones, the new Furbies have been upgraded with a more emotional face and a voice recognition system, letting them communicate with humans. Unlike the Furbies originally released, just one order is necessary to make them 'sleep', and they have an off switch. They can communicate with other types of Emoto-tronic Furbies, though to a smaller amont than the communication between original Furbies, and they cannot themselves communicate with the original Furbies. They also do not have light sensors and basic motion sensors. These Furbies, according to the story they come packed with, are from Furby Island.

In 2006, a new version of Furby baby was released, with most notable features being the new look and a more "Baby-ish" appearance in contrast to the Emoto-Tronic Furby adult. They also have considerably less features than the "adult" Furby, with a very limited vocabulary and a lower level of interactivity. Another notable feature of the 2006 Emoto-Tronic Baby Furby is the movable "legs", which unfurl when Furby baby is awakened.

The Funky Furbies were released in August 2006 outside the United States. They are limited to three color combinations (pink and yellow; purple and green; blue and purple), they can sing three new songs and dance. They can be taught dance routines and remember them.

A new Furby was released in the fall of 2012. It has more expressive LCD eyes, a wider range of motions, its own iOS and Android app, and the ability to adapt its personality in reaction to user behavior. The on-off switch is replaced with a reset button; the Furby turns itself off after one minute of inactivity.

A series of toys called Furby Party Rockers was released in addition to the 2012 Furbies. Those feature pre-programmed personalities that differ between the various models. Instead of the screens that the full-size Furbies feature, their eyes are made out of transparent plastic with a backing that has a static pattern printed. The eyes have an LED backlight and the printed image is stereoscopic so that it changes depending on the viewing angle. The Party Rockers don't have any moving parts.

In summer of 2013, about a year after the 2012 Furby came out, a new Furby was released with new different colors and new Personalities. It has a brand-new iOS and Android app, called Furby BOOM!, with many new features.

In June 2014, a toy version of the Furblings from the Furby BOOM! app was released along with a Golden limited time one. It can communicate with Furby Booms, and can be used with the app too.

The release for Christmas 2014 was called the Furby Boom Crystal series, with a redesign of the ears, face and feet and new bright neon fur. The iOS and Android apps have also been redesigned.

In early 2015, a toy version of the Furby Boom Crystal Furblings from the app was released. Like the other Furblings, it can communicate with Furby Boom Crystals, and be used with the app.

In June 2015, a Furby that resembles Chewbacca from Star Wars was released. It is similar to the Furby Boom because it can hatch Furblings with the same app and more. It is known as the Wookie Furby and the new Furby Friend.

In 2016 another new Furby with more expressive eyes and movements was released, along with an app containing a whole world of Furblings for it to interact with. The Furby Connect has a translucent plastic joystick on its head which lights up different colors when toggled and is used to control games played with Furblings in the app. Unlike the 2012 Furby and Furby Boom, the Furby Connect does not change personalities. However it can sing songs that it "learns" from the app.

Furbish is the language which is spoken by the Furbies. It is similar to English with a different grammar structure. A newly bought Furby starts out speaking entirely Furbish, the unique language with short words, simple syllables, and various other sounds, that all Furbies use, but are programmed to speak less Furbish as they learn more English as they "grow". Throughout a Furby's lifetime, it gradually learns English words and phrases, which it begins to speak in place of Furbish. The more English they learn, the more they "grow", making them more muture. The Furbish phrase "WHOA! Me deep sleep!" would translate into English as "Whoa! I slept for a long time!"

These are common Furbish pharses.

Furbies may say these Furbish words:


Cinderella (1950 movie)

Cinderella is a 1950 American animated musical fantasy movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released to theaters on February 15, 1950, by RKO Radio Pictures. It is the 12th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is based on the fairy tale "Cendrillon" by Charles Perrault. It was directed by Clyde Geronimi, Hamilton Luske and Wilfred Jackson. The songs in the movie were written by Mack David, Jerry Livingston, and Al Hoffman. Songs in the movie include "A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes", "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo", "So This Is Love", "Sing Sweet Nightingale", "The Work Song", and "Cinderella".

A live-action re-imagining produced by Walt Disney Pictures, directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Lily James as Cinderella, Richard Madden as Prince Charming, Cate Blanchett as Lady Tremaine, and Helena Bonham Carter as The Fairy Godmother, was released in 2015. It was a commercial success, and Branagh's highest-grossing film to date.

This movie has a sequel called "".

This story is narrated by Betty Lou Gerson. The narrator tells the prologue in these words:

"Once upon a time in a faraway land, there was a tiny kingdom; peaceful, prosperous, and rich in romance and tradition. Here in a stately chateau, there lived a widowed gentleman, with his little daughter, Cinderella. Although he was a kind and devoted father, he gave his beloved child every luxury and comfort. Still, he felt she needed a mother's care. And so, he married again, choosing for his second wife, a woman of good family, with two daughters just Cinderella's age, by name: Anastasia and Drizella. It was upon the untimely death of this good man, however, that the stepmother's true nature was revealed: cold, cruel, and bitterly jealous of Cinderella's charm and beauty, she was grimly determined to forward the interests of her own two awkward daughters. Thus, as time went by, the chateau fell into disrepair, for the family fortunes were squandered upon the vain and selfish stepsisters while Cinderella was abused, humiliated, and finally forced to become a servant in her own house. And yet, through it all, Cinderella remained ever gentle and kind, for with each dawn she found new hope that someday her dreams of happiness would come true."

Meanwhile, across town in the castle, the King determines that his son the Prince should find a suitable bride and provide him with a required number of grandchildren. So the King invites every eligible maiden in the kingdom to a fancy dress ball, where his son will be able to choose his bride. Cinderella has no suitable party dress for a ball, but her friends the mice, lead by Jacques and Gus, and the birds lend a hand in making her one, a dress the evil stepsisters immediately tear apart on the evening of the ball. After that the stepmother and the stepsisters went to the ball and Cinderella cried in the garden. 

Her sadness finished after her fairy godmother by used the magic gave to her a coach, a coachman, horses, a footman and a light beautiful silver with diamonds ball gown with glass slippers, but the godmother warns Cinderella must return before midnight because everything will turn in their true form. In the ball she and the prince falls in love and the king believes Cinderella is the best daughter-in-law but at midnight Cinderella ran away because the fairy godmother's magic was ending. She forgot her one glass slipper after that the prince search for her by all the young maids wear the slipper. 

When Cinderella learned that accidentally uncovered to her stepmother who locked her in her room. But when the duke came in the home and the stepsisters started to wear the slipper, while Cinderella's mice friends Jaq and Gus took the key and freed Cinderella (after knocking out Lucifer). She wore the slipper and married the prince to live with her love and friends happily ever after.

As the book closes, the word "The End" appears and the movie ends.


Additional voices were provided by Claire du Brey, Helene Stanley, Jeffrey Stone and John Woodbury.


God in Christianity

In Christianity, one way people think of God is as a being that made everything and lives forever. The Christian Bible speaks of God as one who is, who speaks, who sees, hears, acts, and loves. Christians believe that God has a will and is a kind, all powerful being.

Some Christians believe God to be immanent (with and inside all things). Others believe he will be immanent later. Most believe he is also transcendent (outside space and time, so he is unable to be changed by forces inside the universe).

Trinitarians see the Christian God as Father, Son and Holy Spirit. They say that God is one being that lives forever, who is inside and beyond nature. All Christian denominations say that God is personal to humans and to himself. Most of the Christians believe that God is a spirit.

In the Hebrew Bible, God is referred to by the personal name YHWH, which commonly stylized a Yahweh. The name YHWH is sometimes Latinized as Jehovah, especially by Jehovah's Witnesses and Mormons.

God is not seen often by people in the Bible.

God is seen:


List of players with five or more goals in an NHL game

The list of players who have scored five or more goals in an NHL game includes only 58 names.

In the National Hockey League (NHL), it is rare for one player to score so many goals in a single event.

The most recent instance was Tage Thompson on December 7, 2022.

 


Civil Police (Brazil)

In Brazil, the Civil Police (called the <nowiki>"Polícía Civil"</nowiki> in Portuguese) is the country's investigative state police forces. The Civil Police are under the authority of the federative units of Brazil. The federative units' job is to protect public safety and keep public order. Article 144 of the gives this job to the federative units (and their agency, the Civil Police).

Each of the states of Brazil has its own Civil Police Department, which carries out detective work, forensics, and criminal investigations. Each Civil Police Department acts as a state bureau of investigation.

The Civil Police of Brazil began as the General Intendancy of Police, created in Rio de Janeiro on May 10, 1808. The General Intendancy was later re-organized and renamed the Civil Police. Today, the Constitution of Brazil says that the Civil Police must exist. This is stated in article 144, IV and 144 § 4°, of the Federal Constitution.

There are 27 civil police forces in Brazil, one for each state. They are directed by a Head of Police, who is elected. 

Judiciary police have control over small cities or quarters of the large cities.

Spring scale

A spring scale is a weighing scale used to measure weight or force, such as the force of gravity, the strength of a person's grip or the power of a vehicle. Inside a spring scale is a spring.


Churro

Churros are fried-dough pastry-based snacks, sometimes made from potato dough, that originated in Portugal. They are popular in Latin America, France, Portugal, the United States, and Spanish-speaking Caribbean islands. There are two types of churros in Spain. One is long and fat ("porra"), and the other, extra popular in Madrid, is thin and has knots. They are both eaten for breakfast or as a treat with chocolate or sugar.

The Lion King II: Simba's Pride

The Lion King II: Simba's Pride is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated movie and the sequel to "The Lion King". It is about Simba and Nala's cub, Kiara, who meets a cub named Kovu. The first movie was based on the Shakespeare play "Hamlet", this movie is similar to another Shakespeare play, "Romeo and Juliet". It was later called The Lion King II: Simba's Pride when it was re-released as a special edition DVD on August 31, 2004. In 1998, Disney believed that "Simba's Pride" would be so popular that it shipped 15 million copies to stores for the October 27 release date. Disney sold 3.5 million copies in three days. Thirteen million copies were sold while it was still in print in the late 90s. In 2004, another sequel was released, a part prequel-part midquel (called an "in between-quel" by its teaser trailer), "The Lion King 1½".

Simba and Nala have a daughter, Kiara. Timon and Pumbaa are made to be her babysitters, but she easily escapes their care and ventures into the forbidden lands. There she meets a lion cub named Kovu and they become friends. What she and her parents do not know is that Kovu is the son of Zira - a banished follower of the now-dead Scar. She plans to raise Kovu to overthrow Simba and become the king of the Pride Lands. This tests not only Kiara and Kovu's relationship as they grow, but Simba's relationship with his daughter.


Additional voices were provided by Vanessa de la Rocha, Bill Farmer, Robin Frizzell, John Goodman, Jess Harnell, Adrienne Hampton, Seth Isler, Lisa Long, Mickie McGowan, Joel Moffett, Peter Renaday and Richard Sinclair.


An audio CD called "Return to Pride Rock: Songs Inspired by Disney's The Lion King II: Simba's Pride" was released in 1999. Although not promoted as a soundtrack to the movie, it contained all the songs from the movie and some additional songs inspired by it by Lebo M. The complete track list of the CD:
(A * indicates songs inspired by the movie)

On August 31, 2004, Disney released an "enhanced soundtrack" to coincide with the movie's 2-Disc Special Edition DVD. However the CD contained everything from the "Return to Pride Rock" CD except the "inspired songs".


The Lion King 1½

The Lion King 1½ (known as The Lion King 3: Hakuna Matata in some countries) is a 2004 American theatrically animated comedy film and direct-to-video animated comedy film. It is a third installment and prequel to "The Lion King". It is a final installment in the trilogy and the sequel to "The Lion King". All three movies were made by The Walt Disney Company. This movie is about the fictional characters Timon and Pumbaa before they met Simba. The movie was released on the theatrically on January 14, 2004 in theaters and DVD and video on February 10, 2004.

VHS/DVD on February 10, 2004 to releases. Blu-ray on March 6, 2012 and September 11, 2012.

Timon and Pumbaa start to watch the original "Lion King" movie, but Timon keeps insisting to fast forward to when they come in, because they were not seen in the beginning of the story or anywhere until halfway through. Pumbaa suggests telling the audience their story, which begins before Simba's journey begins. Through this, we meet Timon's mother and Uncle Max, discover why he left his meerkat colony, where he learned Hakuna Matata, how he met Pumbaa, and the perils they encountered while searching for their dream home.


The movie's soundtrack, "The Lion King 1½: Songs From Timon and Pumbaa's Hilarious Adventure", was released on CD by Disney Records on February 10, 2004. It includes two songs from the original movie, "That's All I Need" and "Hakuna Matata", reperformed by Nathan Lane who took over the role of voicing the character Timon. The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks, including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic "Jungle Boogie" by artist French, and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper.


A video game version of the movie was published in 2003 for the Game Boy Advance. It had Timon and Pumbaa as the playable characters.


Friendly Floatees

Friendly Floatees are a kind of plastic bath toys like ducks and other birds. They are made so that they float very well. They became famous because a cargo ship lost many of them. Curtis Ebbsmeyer then used these to study currents in the
Animatronics

Animatronics is to use electronics and robotics in automated, magically moving puppets to make them appear to be alive. It is normally used in moviemaking, but also in theme parks and other forms of getting out of boredom. The best things about it and CGI and stop motion is that it is not a feeling of reality, but are some objects moving in the computer. The technology behind this has become more large and difficult over the years, making the puppets become real. 

The modern era of animatronics began in 1961, when Walt Disney started developing animatronics for entertainment and film. The first animatronic figure he created was the 9" tall "dancing man" figure that used older rotating cam technology to create the movement of the figure.


Scar (The Lion King)

Scar is a fictional lion and the main antagonist of Walt Disney Pictures' animated movie "The Lion King". He is Simba's arch-nemesis and paternal uncle, Mufasa's arch-rival and younger brother, Kion, Kopa, and Kiara's great uncle, Shenzi, Banzai and Ed's former leader and boss.

He was voiced by Jeremy Irons with singing vocals by Jim Cummings in the 1994 movie. His supervising animator was Andreas Deja. Scar is one of four Disney characters to be nominated for "Best Villain" in the MTV Movie Awards (the other three being the White Witch, Captain Barbossa and Davy Jones), and is the only Disney animated character to have achieved this. 

Pepe le Pew

Pepé Le Pew is an animated skunk created by Chuck Jones in 1945. His original name was "Stinky". Pepe le Pew cartoon, "For Scent-imental Reasons" (1949) was the only Chuck Jones-directed Looney Tunes cartoon that won the Academy Award for Best Animated short. He speaks with a French accent.

Fraidy Cat

Fraidy cat (also known as scaredy cat) is a slang term for a person who is very skittish or fearful. 

Fraidy Cat may mean:

List of Tom and Jerry episodes

Tom and Jerry is an American animated cartoon series developed by Hanna-Barbera. It is about two characters: a blue cat named Tom and a house mouse named Jerry.

Below is a list of the 164 "Tom and Jerry" animated shorts produced and released between 1940 and 2014. Of these, 162 are theatrical shorts, one is a made-for-TV short, and one is a 2-minute sketch shown as part of a telethon.

The following thirteen cartoons were directed by Gene Deitch, produced by William L. Snyder, and animated at Snyder's Rembrandt Films in Prague, Czechoslovakia. All the cartoons were released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The following 34 cartoons were produced by Chuck Jones in Hollywood, California. They were released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. These cartoons all were released on DVD in 2009 as part of "Tom and Jerry: The Chuck Jones Collection".

"The Tom & Jerry Show" having 16 Episodes with 48 segments, each segment with 7-8 Minutes. The following 48 cartoons were produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions in association with MGM Television in 1975 for ABC based on the theatrical "Tom and Jerry" short series. This series marked the first time ever that Tom and Jerry appeared in animated installments produced exclusively for television. The show is currently owned by through Time Warner's acquisition of Turner Entertainment.

Woolworths Supermarkets

Woolworths is a group of Australian supermarkets. It is known by locals as 'Woolies'. It is the largest supermarket chain in Australia.

As of October 2008, the business had 780 Australian supermarkets and 667 liquor stores in Australia. It owns 201 supermarkets in New Zealand. It also owns 271 hotels and the discount department store chain "Big W" and an electronics retail chain "Dick Smith".

Shops in Victoria used to be known as Safeway until 2008, when Woolworths Limited announced that all Safeway stores would become Woolworths stores in line with the rest of Australia. The New South Wales company had taken over the Victorian chain in the 1980s but had not changed the shop names (and in fact rebranded existing Woolworths stores as Safeway). In August 2008 there were 189 supermarkets in Victoria that were to be changed from being called "Safeway" to "Woolworths".

Woolworths was the first Australian supermarket to offer petrol discounts when a certain amount of money was spent in the shop.

In 2009 Apple launched a legal challenge against Woolworths, claiming their logo, resembling a curl of fruit peel in the shape of a 'w', was superficially similar to the Apple logo.

On 11 March 2020, due to the COVID-19 Pandemic to legacy shooting of enhanced community quarantine, The supermarket is temporarily disallowed.

Privatization

Privatization is when a nationalized company or government agency is sold by the government to investors who want to buy it.

One Canada Square

One Canada Square is the second tallest building in the United Kingdom. It is tall. It is in Canary Wharf.


Chevrolet Monte Carlo

Chevrolet Monte Carlo was a car produced by Chevrolet from 1970 through 1988 and 1995 through 2007. Beginning with the fifth generation the Monte Carlo became the replacement for the Lumina coupé, when the Lumina was discontinued GM opted for a new look which gave the car its own unique look. The car was later refreshed and made to look like a coupé version of the 2006 Impala. The model was discontinued in 2007, Chevrolet Camaro replaced the car as Chevrolet's entry level coupé. However, GM has stated the possibility of a future Monte Carlo.

Plymouth Superbird

Plymouth Superbird was a car made by Plymouth Motor Company in 1970 only. It was the sister design to the Dodge Charger Daytona.

Dodge Charger Daytona

Dodge Charger Daytona was a car made by Dodge. It was only ever made in 1969. It was the sister design to the Plymouth Superbird.

Opel Combo

The Opel Combo is a panel van and leisure activity vehicle made by the German company Opel.

It has different names in other countries such as the Vauxhall Combo (Great Britain), Chevrolet Combo (Chile) and Holden Combo (Australia and New Zealand).

The Combo was introduced in 1994, and a second generation model was introduced in 2001.

The name "Combo" was previously used on a 3-door panel van body style of the Opel Kadett E. It competes with vans/lesuire vehicles such as the Citroën Berlingo, Peugeot Partner, Volkswagen Caddy/Life and the Fiat Doblo.

Citroën 2CV

Citroën 2CV was a car produced by Citroën from 1949 until 1990.

It was a cleverly designed basic car with a fabric roof, a soft suspension and an air cooled engine, that was designed to be cheap to buy and to run. The model is often known as the Tin Snail due to its looks. 

Renault 4

Renault 4 was a car produced by Renault from 1961 through 1992. The model is seen as Renault's version of the Citroen 2CV, due to its rugged design and simple running gear, because of its long run, it was updated many times in its life. 

Škoda Roomster

The Škoda Roomster is a car produced by Škoda Auto since 2006. There is panel van version of the Roomster. It is called the Praktik, which wasn't sold in the UK. Production stopped in 2015, as more people were buying the Yeti.


Volvo C30

Volvo C30 is a car produced by Volvo since 2006. It was officially unveiled at the 2006 Paris Motor Show. It went on sale in mid-2006 in Europe as a 2006 model. Then it went on sale in Canada in March 2007 as a 2007 model, before finally going on sale in the United States in October 2007 as a 2008 model.

Renault zoe
Volkswagen Corrado

Volkswagen Corrado was a car produced by Volkswagen from 1988 through 1995.


Volvo V70

Volvo V70 is a car produced by Volvo from 1996 to 2016 in three generations. An off-road version, called XC70, is also available. It replaced the 850. The first generation had a sedan version called S70 (1996-2000). The second generation also had a sedan version called S60 (2000-2007), as did the third generation whose sedan version was called S80 (2006-2016).
It was replaced by the V90 in 2016.

Volvo V50

Volvo V50 is a car produced by Volvo since 2004. It is the estate version of the second generation S40. It replaced the V40, which was an estate version of the first generation version of the S40. In 2012 it was replaced by a different car also called V40.


Ford Mondeo

The Ford Mondeo is a line of large family luxury compact vehicles produced by The Ford Motor Company since 1992. There have so far been five generations of the Mondeo. 

The Ford Mondeo Mk1 was released on November 16, 1992 and went on sale on March 22, 1993. It was a class leader back in its day thanks to its fine ride and handling and was competing against many other modern cars such as the Honda Accord, the Toyota Carina and more. The car was sold as a 4 door sedan, hatchback, and station wagon. The Mk1 was discontinued in 1996 as the Mk2 replaces it.

The Mk2 Mondeo (or known as the Mk1 Mondeo facelift of makeover) started production in 1996. It was released due to bad problems with the Mk1 towards the time being of 1996: The headlights had bad performance, passengers would get squashed in the back seat of the car due to the small spacing between the front seats and the back, etc. The Mk2 lacked all that, but still kept a similar body to the Mk1. The Mk2 was discontinued in 2000 to leave space for the Mk3.

The Mk3 started production in October 2000 to replace the Mk2. The Mk3 featured an all new design compared to previous models. The Mk3 was also wider and more comfortable than the previous models. It included all new headlights too.

2003 saw a facelift of the Mk3. It featured Ford's new high-tech stereo, a more powerful A/C/Heater, and featured an updated interior. It also featured more classy body colours compared to the ones offered on the 2000-2003 Mk3.

They once again updated the model in 2005 to keep customers interested in the model. The Mk3 was discontinued in 2007 for the Mk4.
The Mk4 was released in May 2007 in the United Kingdom and had five different trim levels: Edge, Zetec, Ghia, Titanium, and Titanium X. The Ford Mondeo Mk4 is the successor to the Mk3 and has new sporty styling and more interior space, it received a facelift in October 2010. The Mk5 replacement was meant to arrive in 2013 but due to production delays, it was pushed back to October 2014.

The Mk5 Mondeo first launched in the US in 2012 as the Ford Fusion, it was meant to arrive in Europe in 2013 but production delays pushed its launch back to October 2014, due to production moving from Belgium to Spain. Like previous Mondeos, it comes in many bodystyles, engines and trim levels and is attractively styled. In March 2021, Ford announced that they will be ending production of the Mondeo in March 2022 due to falling sales and growing demand for SUV's like Ford's own Kuga which has often outsold it in recent years. 

Volvo V40

Volvo V40 was a car produced by Volvo from 1995 through 2004. It was the estate version of the first generation S40. It was replaced by the V50 in 2004.

In 2012 Volvo introduced a a different car also "Volvo V40". It is a completely new design and it shares nothing but its name with the older V40.

Volvo S40

Volvo S40 is a car produced by Volvo from 1995 to 2012 in two generations. Both generations had an estate versions. For the first generation it was called V40 (1995-2004), for the second generation it was called V50 (2004-2012)

El Hadji Diouf

El Hadji Diouf (born 15 January 1981) is a Senegalese football player. He plays for Blackburn Rovers.

96||20||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||97||20
197||25||10||0||13||3||25||3||245||31
293||45||11||0||13||3||25||3||342||51

!Total||69||21

Dennis Wise

Dennis Wise (born 16 December 1966) is a former football player. He has played for England national team.

593||95
593||95

!Total||21||1

Ashley Ward

Ashley Ward (born 24 November 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.

Ivica Kralj

Ivica Kralj (born March 26, 1973) is a Montenegrin football player. He has played for Yugoslavia national team.

126||0
62||0
12||0
7||0
7||0
0||0
0||0
214||0

!Total||41||0

Bit-level parallelism

Bit-level parallelism is a form of parallel computing based on increasing processor word size, depending on very-large-scale integration (VLSI) technology. Enhancements in computers designs were done by increasing bit-level parallelism

Increasing the word size reduces the number of instructions the processor must execute in order to perform an operation on variables whose sizes are greater than the length of the word. (For example, consider a case where an 8-bit processor must add two 16-bit integers. The processor must first add the 8 lower-order bits from each integer, then add the 8 higher-order bits, requiring two instructions to complete a single operation. A 16-bit processor would be able to complete the operation with single instruction)

Historically, 4-bit microprocessors were replaced with 8-bit, then 16-bit, then 32-bit microprocessors, then 64-bit microprocessors. 32-bit processors has been a standard in general purpose computing for about 20 years, but now 64-bit processors are taking the lead.

Instruction level parallelism

Instruction-level parallelism (ILP) is a measure of how many operations in a computer program can be performed "in-parallel" at the same time (termed:""simultaneously""). Consider the following program:

Operation 3 depends on the results of "e" and "f" which are calculated from operations 1 and 2, so "g" cannot be calculated until both of "e" and "f" are computed. However, operations 1 and 2 do not depend on any other operation, so they can be computed simultaneously. If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time, giving an ILP factor of 3/2; which means 3/2 = 1.5 greater than without ILP.

One of the goals of compilers and processors designers is to use as much ILP as possible. Ordinary programs are written execute instructions in sequence; one after the other, in the order as written by programmers. ILP allows the compiler and the processor to overlap the execution of multiple instructions or even to change the order in which instructions are executed.

How much ILP exists in programs depends on the application type, for example, in graphics and scientific applications the amount can be very large while in cryptography the amount much less.

Micro-architectural techniques that use ILP include:

In recent years, ILP techniques have been used for performance improvements in conditions where the difference between processor operating frequencies and memory access times is large. As of 2008, a cache "miss" costs several hundreds of CPU cycles in a main memory access; with much longer latency compared when the processor finds that the memory location is in the cache. Hence, this technique was proved to be insufficient to save the CPU time from waiting for the off-chip data. Instead, the industry is moving towards improving higher levels of parallelism using techniques such as multiprocessing and multithreading. 


Data parallelism

Data parallelism (also known as loop-level parallelism) is a form of parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing the data across different parallel processor nodes. It contrasts to task parallelism as another form of parallelism.

In a multiprocessor system where each one is executing a single set of instructions, data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data. In some situations, a single execution thread controls operations on all pieces of data. In others, different threads control the operation, but they execute the same code. 

For example, if we are running code on a 2-processor system (CPUs A and B) in a parallel computing environment, and we want to do a task on some data D, it is possible to tell CPU A to do that task on one part of D and CPU B on another part of D simultaneously (at the same time), in order to reduce the runtime of the execution. 

Data parallelism is used by many applications especially data processing applications; one of the examples is database applications. Most real programs use a combination of data parallelism and task parallelism. 

Task parallelism

Task parallelism (also known as Thread level parallelism, function parallelism and control parallelism) is a form of parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing execution of processes and threads across different parallel processor nodes. It contrasts to data parallelism as another form of parallelism.

In a multiprocessor system, task parallelism is achieved when each processor executes a different thread (or process) on the same or different data. The threads may execute the same or different code. Different execution threads communicate with one another usually to pass data as they work.

As a simple example, if we are running code on a 2-processor system (CPUs "a" & "b") in a parallel computing environment and we want to do tasks "A" and "B", it is possible to tell CPU "a" to do task "A" and CPU "b" to do task 'B" simultaneously (at the same time), in order to reduce the runtime of the execution. 

Task parallelism is used by multi-user and multitasking operating systems, and applications depending on processes and threads, unlike data processing applications (see data parallelism). Most real programs use a combination of Task parallelism and Data parallelism.

Interrupt latency

In Realtime Operating Systems (RTOS), interrupt latency is the time between the generation of an interrupt by a device (or a peripheral) and servicing the device which generated the interrupt. For many operating systems (OS), the OS code is programmed so that devices are serviced as soon as the device's interrupt handler is executed. Interrupt latency depends on the CPU, interrupt controllers, interrupt masking, and the operating system's (OS) "interrupt handling methods".

Flavors of Entanglement

Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album by rock singer Alanis Morissette. This studio album was released June 10, 2008 in the United States, June 9, 2008 in Australia, and on May 30, 2008 in Europe. Some singles from this album were: "Underneath", "Not As We", and "In Praise of the Vulnerable Man".



Thread switching latency

The thread switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to switch the CPU to run another thread. In some operating systems running on some hardware, switching between threads belonging to the same process is much faster than switching to a thread from different process (because threads from different processes require a more complicated process context switch). 

During the thread switching, the CPU must save all of the current thread's execution data to memory, and load another thread's execution data from memory. Since reading and writing from memory requires some latency, we can define the thread switching latency as the amount of time needed to complete this operation. There is no virtual memory switching required in a thread switch, unlike a process switch.


Process switching latency

The process switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to perform the process context switch to continue executing another process.


Penguin (comics)

The Penguin (Oswald Cobblepot) is a fictional character and an enemy of Batman appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character made his first appearance in "Detective Comics" #58 (December 1941) and was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger. He is one of Batman's most oldest enemies and he and some other Batman villiains are Batman's rogues gallery. 

The Penguin is a Gotham City mobster who calls himself the "Gentleman of Crime". He is most often seen wearing a monocle, top hat, and tuxedo while carrying his umbrella as a weapon. The character appears most times as a short, fat man with a long nose. Penguin uses high-tech umbrellas as different tools. His umbrellas have been used as guns, gas guns, swords/knives, a mini-helicopter and many other unconventional tools. The Penguin owns and runs a nightclub called the Iceberg Lounge which provides a cover for his criminal activity.

The character has subsequently been adapted to different forms of media, including movies, tv shows and video games as well. He was played by Burgess Meredith in the 1960s television series "Batman" and in "". He was played by Danny DeVito in "Batman Returns", Robin Lord Taylor in the 2014 TV series "Gotham". He was played by Colin Farrell in the 2022 movie "The Batman". Farrell will reprise his role in the upcoming spin-off miniseries "The Penguin", set in "The Batman" universe.

The Penguin has repeatedly been named one of the best Batman villains and one of the greatest villains in comics. Penguin was ranked #51 in IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time.

Batman (1966 movie)

Batman, also known as "Batman: The Movie", is a spin-off of the 1960s series. The Joker, The Penguin, The Riddler and Catwoman appear in the movie. The movie stars Adam West.

Context switch

A context switch is the computing process of saving and restoring the state (context) of a CPU such that multiple processes can share a single CPU resource. The context switch is an essential feature of a multitasking operating system. 

Context switches are usually time consuming and much of the design of operating systems is to minimize the time of context switches. 

A context switch can mean a register context switch, a task context switch, a thread context switch, or a process context switch. What will be switched is determined by the processor and the operating system.

The scheduler is the part of the operating systems that manage context switching, it perform context switching in one of the following conditions:


Context switching can be performed primarily by software or hardware. Some CPUs have hardware support for context switches, else if not, it is performed totally by the operating system software. In a context switch, the state of a process must be saved somehow before running another process, so that, the scheduler resume the execution of the process from the point it was suspended; after restoring its complete state before running it again.


Diamond Jubilee

A diamond jubilee is a celebration of a 60th anniversary for a person. When for a group, it is used for the 75th anniversary.

The Jungle Book 2

The Jungle Book 2 is a 2003 animated movie produced by DisneyToon Studios. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution on May 5, 2003. It is the sequel to Walt Disney's 1967 movie "The Jungle Book". Haley Joel Osment did the voice of Mowgli, and John Goodman did the voice of Baloo. The movie was going to be a direct-to-video movie, but it was released in theaters first. The movie is not based on "The Second Jungle Book" by Rudyard Kipling (published in 1895). However, they do have some of the same characters. When released, the movie was criticised mainly for its bad animation and a story similar to the original movie. Disney released the VHS and DVD versions on July 4, 2004. On June 17, 2009 a Special Edition DVD was released.

Mowgli feels unwelcome and out of place in the human village where he now lives. When Baloo arrives for a visit, Mowgli leaves with him to go back to the jungle. However, his friend Shanti thinks he was kidnapped. She follows him into the jungle. Shere Khan is still hunting for Mowgli, which puts him, as well as Shanti and Baloo, in danger. Mowgli must decide whether he wants to live in the jungle with Baloo, or stay in the village with Shanti.

Additinal voices were provided by an uncredited J. Grant Albrecht, and various voice actors: Bob Bergen, Corey Burton, Cam Clarke, Jennifer Darling, Darin De Paul, Debi Derryberry, Paul Eiding, John Fiedler, Nicholas Guest, Denis Leary, Jay Leno, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Ryan O'Donohue, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Philece Sampler, Kath Soucie, Tara Strong, Clive Swift and Frank Welker. ADR loop group voices were provided by W.K. Stratton, David Cowgill, Aareale Davis, Jay Dogra, Moosie Drier, Cedric the Entertainer, Jackie Gonneau, Nicholas Guest, Bridget Hoffman, Mark Myers, Jonathan Osser, Melissa Osser, Kane Ritchotte, Dina Sherman, Aaron Spann, Melanie Spore, Doug Stone, Shaheen Vaaz and Wajid.



Additional voices provided by Jeff Bennett, Baron Davis, Jess Harnell, Devika Parikh, Veena Bidasha, Brian Cummings, and an uncredited J. Grant Albrecht.



The band Smash Mouth recorded a cover of the Sherman Brothers song, "I Wanna Be Like You" (originally from the 1967 musical movie), which is featured on this movie's soundtrack.


Many people thought that "The Jungle Book 2" was too much like the original 1967 classic. Many people thought it should have gone direct-to-video like what it was originally made for. On Rotten Tomatoes, the general opinion is "This inferior rehash of "The Jungle Book" should have gone straight to video." Based on 86 reviews, the movie has a "rotten" 19%, with an average score of 4.4. In the "cream of the crop" division, the movie has a 17% with an average score of 4.1. In the RT Community, it has a 30%, with an average score of 3.7.

The movie has made a total domestic gross of $47,901,582.


King Louie

King Louie is a fictional orangutan who kidnaps Mowgli in Disney's 1967 animated musical adaptation of The Jungle Book. He was played by Louis Prima. He does not appear in Rudyard Kipling's original book, as orangutans are not native to India. But the movie is "inspired by" rather than "based on" the Kipling stories. King Louie has been called an example of a racial stereotype in Disney movies.

King Louie was played by Jim Cummings in TaleSpin and Jungle Cubs.

In The Jungle Book (1994 film) King Louie was played by a real orangutan. 

In The Jungle Book (2016 film), King Louie was played by Christopher Walken. 

Cinderella II: Dreams Come True

Cinderella II: Dreams Come True is a 2002 American direct-to-video movie directed by John Kafka. It is the first sequel to Disney's animated movie "Cinderella" (1950). Another sequel, "", was made in 2007.

The movie explores Cinderella's "happily ever after" life as a princess in three stories, with help from the Fairy Godmother. In the first segment (Aim To Please), Cinderella's awkward first days at the palace, when she tried so hard to fit in that she forgot to be herself. In the second one (Tall Tail), how Jaq felt so left out that he wished to be a human, named Sir Hugh. And in the third one (An Uncommon Romance), how Cinderella taught one of her nasty stepsisters how to smile which leads to her own true love, who is a baker.


Additional voices were provided by Charlie Adler, Jack Angel, Jeff Bennett, Bob Bergen, Susan Blu, Rodger Bumpass, Rob Clotworthy, Jennifer Darling, Debi Derryberry, Paul Eiding, Bill Farmer, Pat Fraley, John Goodman, Jess Harnell, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Robert W. Peterson, Patrick Pinney, Brian Posehn, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Kevin Michael Richardson, Andrew Stanton, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Brian Tochi, James Kevin Ward, April Winchell, Susie Yezzi and Keone Young.








Studio Fuga


T2 Studio





"Put it Together (Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo)"
Brooke Allison appears courtesy of: Virgin Records America, Inc./2K Sounds

"Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo"

"Follow your Heart"

"The World is Looking Up to You"

"It's What's Inside that Counts"

"A Dream is a Wish your Heart Makes"


This film would not have been possible without the inspiration from the original motion picture and the work of its talented artists and animators.

MPAA - Approved No. 38480

This picture made under the jurisdiction of IATSE, affiliated with A.F.L.-C.I.O.-C.L.C.

Dolby Digital in selected theatres

Copyright ©2001 Disney Enterprises Inc. All rights reserved.

This motion picture was created by Walt Disney Pictures and Television for purposes of copyright law in the United Kingdom.

Animation Production by: Walt Disney Animation (Japan), Inc.

Produced by: Walt Disney Television Animation



Cindy McCain

Cindy Lou Hensley McCain (born May 20, 1954) is an American businesswoman and politician. McCain is the Executive Director of the World Food Programme since 2023. She was the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture from 2021 to 2023. She was the wife of Republican Senator John McCain. During the Donald Trump presidency, she became a critic of the president and the Republican Party.

In the 2020 presidential election, she was one of the few key Republicans who supported form Vice President Joe Biden over President Trump.

In late November 2020, McCain was seen as a possible pick for an ambassador role in the Biden administration. In May 2021, it was reported that President Biden would nominate McCain to be the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture. McCain was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote on October 26, 2021.

In April 2023, McCain became the Executive Director of the World Food Programme.

Thread (computer science)

A thread in computer science is short for a "thread of execution". Threads are a way for a program to "split" itself into two or more simultaneously (or pseudo-simultaneously) running tasks. Threads and processes differ from one operating system to another but, in general, a thread is contained inside a process and different threads in the same process share the same resources while different processes in the same multitasking operating system do not. Threads are lightweight, in terms of the system resources they consume, as compared with processes.



Cinderella III: A Twist in Time

Cinderella III: A Twist in Time (also called Cinderella: A Twist in Time) is as 2007 American second sequel to Disney's animated movie "Cinderella".

Lady Tremaine gets the fairy godmother's wand and goes back through time, reversing all of which the fairy godmother did in the original movie. Everything that she had made (the dress, the horses and the carriage) which were the reasons why and how Cinderella went to the royal ball are now gone. So, with all the magic gone, will there be a happily ever after all? It's up to Cinderella to return the wand back to the Fairy Godmother so that she can restore all of the magic once again.

Additional voices were provided by Jeff Bennett.

Cinderella III: A Twist in Time was released on February 6, 2007 and went back to the Disney Vault on January 31, 2008.

"Bibbidi-Bobbidi Game"

"Cinderella's Ballroom" (DVD-ROM)
""I Still Believe" Music Video By: Hayden Panettiere"
"Backstage At Disney Cruise Line's "Twice Charmed""

"First Look At The New DVD, "Disney Princess Enchanted Tales""



Tilde de Paula

Tilde de Paula (born November 14, 1972) is a Swedish television host and presenter. She was born and raised in Chile and has won many awards for her television work in Sweden.

Sofia Wistam

Sofia Wistam (may 15 1966) is a Swedish television host and radio talk show host.

Gry Forssell

Gry Forssell (born February 16, 1973 in Växjö, Sweden) is a television presenter on TV4.

Cynthia McKinney

Cynthia McKinney (born March 17, 1955) is an American politician. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia. She was the 2008 presidential candidate for the Green Party. She was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Georgia from 1993 until 2003 and again from 2005 until 2007.

Task (computers)

A task is a set of program instructions that are loaded in memory, then the address registers is loaded with the initial address to start running the task. It is defined as ""an execution path through address space where part of a plan will be accomplished after executing the task'"". 

Processes are often called tasks in embedded operating systems so "task" gives a meaning of a real-time (also small) application, which differs from a process. A process is an instance of a computer program. The kernel creates a process by allocating some memory (in kernel address space and user address space), loading program code from a disk or another part of memory into the newly allocated space, building the process tables and other operating systems structures, calculating the initial address then executes the process as one or more tasks.

Both "task" and "process" should be distinguished from event, which takes place at a specific time and place, and which can be planned for in a computer program. In a computer graphical user interface (GUI), an event can be as simple as a mouse click or keystroke.



Brock

Brock may refer to:


Eddie Brock

Edward Charles Allan <nowiki>"Eddie"</nowiki> Brock is a fictional character from Marvel Comics and appears in the Spider-Man comic book universe. He made his first appearance in "Amazing Spider-Man" #299 (April 1988). He is best known for being the host of Venom.

He was a reporter once working at the Daily Bugle for J. Jonah Jameson until he was fired from his job by Jameson for lying him and covering the truth. He is the original Venom and one of Spider-Man's greatest foes. After being separated from the Venom symbiote and becoming Anti-Venom, he eventually became the second host of the symbiote Toxin, before being bonded with the Venom symbiote once again and resuming his role as the Lethal Protector. He is the archnemesis of Cletus Kasady.

He has been adaptes to television series, action figures, and video games. He is portrayed in movies by Topher Grace and Tom Hardy.

Process (computing)

In computing, a process is an instance of a computer program that is being sequentially executed by a computer system that has the ability to run several computer programs concurrently.

A computer program itself is just a passive collection of instructions, while a process is the actual execution of those instructions.

Several processes may be associated with the same program; for example, opening up several windows of the same program often means more than one process is being executed. In the computing world, processes are "formally" defined by the operating systems (OS) running them and so may differ in detail from one OS to another; for example in Microsoft Windows environment each instance of the same application is called a task.




Imam Samudra

Abdul Aziz aka Imam Samudra aka Qudama (January 14, 1970, Serang, Banten - November 9, 2008, Bali, Indonesia) was an Indonesian criminal. He was sentenced to execution for his part in the 2002 Bali bombings. The execution was expected to be made during early November 2008. It was done on November 9. Samudra is one of three in a network of the Bali bombers who were sentenced to death.

Huda bin Abdul Haq

Huda bin Abdul Haq (February 1960 – 9 November 2008) was an Indonesian sentenced to death for his role in the 2002 Bali bombings. He is a senior and influential Jemaah Islamiah leader with ties to Osama bin Laden. The exectution of Huda and Imam Samudra are expected to happened in early November 2008,and was handed down on November 9 by a firing squad.

Amrozi bin Nurhasyim

Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim (also known as Amrozi; 5 July 1962 - 9 November 2008) was an Indonesian who was convicted for his part in the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing. He was executed along with two other men involved in the bombing in early November 2008. Ali was executed on November 9 by a firing squad.

Studs Terkel

Louis "Studs" Terkel (May 16, 1912 – October 31, 2008) was an American author, historian, actor, and broadcaster who lived in Chicago. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1985 for his work "The Good War". This book collected stories from average people about their memory of World War Two.

The nickname "Studs" came from his character in a play, after the director would call him that to avoid confusion with another actor called Louis.



Bob Barr

Robert Laurence "Bob" Barr, Jr.
(born November 5, 1948) is the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2008 election. He is a former federal prosecutor
and a former member of the United States House of Representatives. He represented Georgia's 7th congressional district as a Republican from 1995 to 2003.

Barr is known as one of the leaders of the impeachment of President Bill Clinton. Barr joined the Libertarian Party in 2006,<ref name="Evans2006/"></ref>
and until May 2008 served on its National Committee.


Multi-user

Multi-user is a term that defines an operating system, computer program, or a game that allows use by more than one users of the same computer at the same time.

An example is a Unix server where multiple remote users have access (such as via Secure Shell) to the Unix shell prompt at the same time. Another example uses multiple X terminals so that multiple remote users can use X Window on a single machine.

The complementary term, single-user commonly refers to an operating system being usable only by one person at a time, or in reference to a single-user software license agreement. 

Single-user mode is a mode for Multi-user operating system where the computer boots or switches into a single superuser mode. It is mainly used for maintenance of multi-user environments such as network or Unix servers. 


Flying squirrel

Flying squirrels are a tribe of 44 species in the squirrel family Sciuridae. Despite the name, none use powered flight: all are gliders.

They are sociable, noisy rodents that glide from tree to tree, using a flap of loose skin that connects their front and hind legs. They can glide up to 150 feet (46 m), steering with their tail, and landing on tree trunks, gripping it with all four feet.

These squirrels are nocturnal (most active at night). They have a life span of about five years in the wild, and about 13 years in captivity. Flying squirrels live in forests in North America, Europe and Asia. 

Flying squirrels eat mostly plants, like seeds, nuts, leaves, maple sap, bulbs, bark, flowers, and roots. Less often, they eat insects, eggs, worms, small birds, and other small animals.

Flying squirrels are hunted by weasels, foxes, hawks, and coyotes.

Before the 21st century, the evolutionary history of the flying squirrel was often debated. This debate was clarified by two recent molecular studies. These studies found that the living flying squirrels originated 18–20 million years ago, are monophyletic, and have a sister relationship with tree squirrels. 

There are reasons which may explain why gliding has evolved in mammals: 

S1m0ne

S1m0ne is a 2002 American comedy-drama science fiction movie. It was directed by Andrew Niccol and released to movie theaters by Warner Bros. It stars Al Pacino.

Viktor Taransky (Al Pacino) is working on a movie project. He is running out of money and his star decided not to do it anymore, so his movie is in trouble. A computer programmer named Hank approaches Viktor and tells him that he is able to create a computer-generated character. Hank soon dies of cancer and gives the program to Viktor. Viktor uses the program to insert an actress in place of his original star and the movie is a huge hit. The program, titled "Simulation One," is simplified to "Simone."

Viktor is at first very happy that this is a success, and has her star in more movies. For her voice, he simply speaks into a microphone and the computer makes it a female voice. He conducts interviews. Simone goes on to win an Academy Award and is wildly famous. However, Viktor soon becomes unhappy with Simone and tries to make her unpopular by having her star in a bad movie. However, the people still love Simone and the movie is still a success. Finally, Viktor uses a virus and erases her program from the computer. He then throws a trunk full of CDs into the ocean.

The police come and arrest Viktor and charge her for the murder of Simone. They have a video showing him dragging the trunk into the ocean; they believe that there was a body inside. He tells them that Simone was never real, but they don't believe him. His ex-wife Elaine (Catherine Keener) and his daughter Lainey (Evan Rachel Wood) enter his studio. Lainey ejects the floppy disk, restoring the Simone program, and they create a short movie that shows that Simone is alive and well. The police let him go. Elaine and Lainey convince Viktor that Simone is a symbol now and that they should continue to keep her alive. The last scene shows Viktor and Simone together, with Viktor announcing that Simone and he just had a child.

Big Brother

Big Brother may mean:


Sooty mangabey

The sooty mangabey ("Cercocebus atys"), is an Old World monkey of Guinea Bissau, Gabon, Senegal and Ghana. It has social groups of four to twelve individuals.

Sooty mangabeys are naturally infected with a strain of Simian Immunodeficiency Virus (SIV). Due to extensive human-mangabey contact in sub-Saharan Africa, the virus has jumped from this species into humans on many occasions. This resulted in the HIV-2 virus. The HIV-1 strain by contrast came from the common chimpanzee strain of SIV.

The sooty mangabey can also get leprosy, as can humans, the Nine-banded Armadillo, the common chimpanzee, and the crab-eating macaque.

Joe Byrne

Joseph Byrne also known as Joe Byrne (November 1856 - June 28 1880) was an Australian bushranger. He is known as the lieutenant of the Kelly Gang. He was shot dead in the siege of Glenrowan. Joe Byrne was a very good shot, a good horseman and skilled at living in the bush. This made it difficult for the police to capture him. His skill at writing helped him to write the items that were important in starting the Kelly legend. He wrote the famous Jerilderie letter. There is also a legend that Ned Kelly, with Byrne's help, was going to start an independent republic in north east Victoria. The siege at Glenrowan was the first step.

Joe was born at Woolshed, near Beechworth, in November 1856. His father, Patrick Byrne, had come from County Carlow, Ireland, in 1849, to join his father, Joseph, who had come to Australia as a convict in 1834. Joe's mother was an Irish lady from Galway. The family moved to Sebastopol, a small gold mining town, about two kilometres farther up the valley. Joe learned to speak Chinese from the Chinese miners who lived in a small camp near his house. He was educated at a small Roman Catholic school at Woolshed.

After leaving school in 1870, Joe had a number of jobs including driving a delivery cart for a tannery, putting up fences, looking for gold, wood cutting, and shearing. He often visited the Chinese village at Beechworth and became addicted to opium. During the celebrations for the Prince of Wales birthday in 1873, Joe saw a suit of Chinese armour in the Beechworth museum. This armour provided the ideas for the armour the Kelly Gang wore at Glenrowan.

In September 1873, Byrne was in court for taking a neighbour, Anton Wick's horse. He had ridden it for several days before bringing it back. He had to pay a fine of 20 shillings. In December 1875, he was in court again for taking a saddle, but the court believed Byrne when he said he had found it in the bush. On May 20, 1876, Joe Byrne and his friend, Aaron Sherritt, stole a cow and cut it up for the meat. Someone saw them and told the police. They were taken to court and given six months in the Beechworth Gaol. In prison, Byrne and Sherritt met Jim Kelly, who was the brother of Ned and Dan Kelly. Joe Byrne met Ned Kelly in 1876 and they became friends.

Byrne was probably at the Kelly house on 15 April, 1878, when Constable Fitzpatrick said that Ned Kelly shot him and that Ellen Kelly, Ned's mother, had hit him over the head with a shovel. Ned and Dan Kelly went into hiding in the bush at Bullock Creek, an old gold mining area. The police offered a reward of £100 for them, and Ellen Kelly was sent to gaol for three years.

Joe Byrne was at Stringybark Creek with the Kelly brothers and Steve Hart on 26 October, 1878, when they found four police officers on their trail, and shot three of them dead. Joe Byrne shot dead Trooper Scanlon, and was wearing Scanlon's ring at the time of his death. The gang were made outlaws on 15 November 1878, which meant they could be legally killed by anyone at any time. A reward of £2000 (about AU$754,000 in 2008) was offered for them, dead or alive.

Byrne was Kelly's lieutenant, and the two of them planned the gang's actions. The Kelly Gang robbed the Euroa branch of the National Bank of Australia and took over £2,000. Joe Byrne wrote a letter in red ink for Ned Kelly which was sent to Donald Cameron, a local member of the Victorian Parliament. Ned said justice had not been done in the case of his mother and himself. It ended: "For I need no lead or powder to revenge my cause, and if words be louder I will oppose your laws."

The police locked up over 20 possible supporters of the Kelly gang between January 1879 and April 1879 under the "Felons Apprehension Act 1878". This increased public support for the gang, especially in north east Victoria. Joe Byrne was able to use this increase this by writing a number poems about Ned Kelly and his gang, including "My Name is Ned Kelly":
My friends are all united,
My mates are lying near.
We sleep beneath shady trees,
No danger do we fear.
Joe Byrne often visited his mother at her house in Beechworth. He was also seen drinking in hotels in the town, even though there was a reward for him. He could do it because of his skill and daring, and because the police were badly trained and badly led, and because of the support of local people for the Kelly Gang.

Kelly and Byrne planned their next robbery for Jerilderie. On 10 February, 1879, dressed as policemen, the gang robbed the Bank of New South Wales at Jerilderie taking another £2,000. Byrne wrote the Jerilderie Letter after Ned kelly’s words which wanted an independent republic in north east Victoria. The money from both the Euroa and Jerilderie robberies was given to the gang's family, friends and supporters.

After the Jerilderie robbery, the gang went into hiding for 16 months. This increased their reputation and embarrassed the government of Victoria and the police. The Victorian Government increased the reward for the Kelly Gang to £8,000 (about AU$2,000,000 in 2005).

Byrne and Kelly planned another bank robbery in Benalla in 1880. They thought Aaron Sherritt was being used by police to get information about them. Byrne had told Sherritt to tell the police that the gang was planning a robbery in the Goulburn River while they were really planning the Jerilderie robbery. Kelly and Byrne believed that Sherritt could no longer be trusted. They also knew he was being protected by the police. Byrne and Dan Kelly murdered Sherritt on 26 June, 1880. Ned Kelly believed that this would bring a large group of police to Beechworth to search for the killers.

The next day, the Kelly Gang took over the town of Glenrowan. They tore up the railway tracks because they knew the police would travel by train to Beechworth. They held over 60 people hostage in Jones' Hotel. Thomas Curnow, the local school teacher, escaped and stopped the police train before it could crash on the missing track. The police were able to surround the hotel.

Joe Byrne helped design the armour worn by all members of the gang at Glenrowan. This did not stop him from being shot in the groin cutting his femoral artery. He was in the middle of a speech about the gang when he was shot. He died quickly from loss of blood on 28 June 1880. The police set fire to the hotel, but they dragged his body out of the hotel before it burned down. The bodies of Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were not brought out of the hotel, and were severely burned.

The next day his body was hung on the door of the police cells at Benalla, and photographed by newspaper reporters. It was only removed after a young woman begged the police to let Byrne rest in peace. His family did not take his body and the police would not give it to anyone else, they thought a funeral would become a starting point for a rebellion. He was buried in an unmarked grave on the edge of the Benalla cemetery.

Ned Kelly was captured and tried in Melbourne. Ned Kelly was hanged at Old Melbourne Gaol on 11 November 1880. There is a legend that Kelly and Byrne had written a Declaration for the Republic of north-east Victoria which was destroyed by the Victorian Government.

By writing the letters and the bush ballads, and designing the armour, Joe Byrne and Ned Kelly helped make the Kelly legend. In the following 125 years, the legend has grown. There have been a number of movies made about the Kelly Gang including "The Story of the Kelly Gang" in 1906, the world's first feature-length movie. In 2003, Orlando Bloom played the part of Joe Byrne in Gregor Jordan's movie, "Ned Kelly".

Australian novelist Peter Carey won the 2001 Booker Prize and the Commonwealth Writers Prize for the "True History of the Kelly Gang". This was based on the Jerilderie letter written by Byrne.

Ned Kelly and the Kelly Gang has been made famous by Sidney Nolan wearing the armour designed by Joe Byrne in a famous set of paintings. This was used as a scene at the opening ceremony of the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.


College basketball

College basketball is basketball played between teams from colleges or universities, usually in the United States. The most popular American college basketball league is the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Basketball in the NCAA is put into three divisions: Division I, Division II and Division III. However, there are other college basketball leagues, such as the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). College basketball teams are split into conferences, which are groups of about 10 teams.

Division I of the NCAA has two tournaments to determine who the national champion. One tournament is for men and one is for women. The men's tournament has 68 teams, and the women's tournament has 64 teams. These tournaments are often called "March Madness".

NCAA basketball and NBA basketball are different in some ways:

Public university

A public university is a university that is given money by the public or the government. Unlike private universities, students generally don't have to pay money to study in public universities.

University of Michigan-Flint

The University of Michigan–Flint is in Flint, Michigan, United States. It is one of the three campuses in the University of Michigan, Michigan's oldest university and main campus.

Shirley Hufstedler

Shirley Mount Hufstedler (August 24, 1925 – March 30, 2016) was United States Secretary of Education under President Jimmy Carter. She was born in Denver, Colorado.

In 1966, she was appointed Associate Justice of the California Court of Appeal. President Lyndon Johnson appointed her Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in 1968. She served for eleven years before President Jimmy Carter appointed her U.S. Secretary of Education.

Hufstedler was considered to be a candidate for the Supreme Court if a vacancy had occurred under a Jimmy Carter Presidency.

On March 30, 2016, Hufstedler died in Glendale, California from cerebrovascular disease at the age of 90.

University of Michigan–Dearborn

The University of Michigan–Dearborn is a university in Dearborn, Michigan, United States. It is one of the three campuses in the University of Michigan, Michigan's oldest university and main campus.

Margaret Spellings

Margaret Spellings (born Margaret Dudar; November 30, 1957) was the second Secretary of Education under the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush. She was previously Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy to President Bush. 

She was one of the principal authors of the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act.

Public Ivy

Public Ivy is a term started by Richard Moll in his 1985 book "Public Ivys: A Guide to America's best public undergraduate colleges and universities". The book is about universities which "provide an Ivy League collegiate experience at a public school price." Public Ivies are chosen, according to the "Journal of Blacks in Higher Education", to be able to be "successfully competing with the Ivy League schools in academic rigor... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races."

Nundle, New South Wales

Nundle is a village in the New England area of New South Wales, Australia. It was once the centre of Nundle Shire. Most of this area, including the village of Nundle, was added to the new Tamworth Regional Council in 2004. The village is 400 km north of Sydney and about 56 km south east of Tamworth. In 2006 there were 289 people living in Nundle.
Nundle was settled when gold was found nearby at “The Hanging Rock” and Swamp Creek in 1852. By June 1852 there were 300 people digging for gold at Oakenville Creek. People from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes. By 1865 there were about 500 people living there and about 50 shops and small businesses had started. A school building was put up in December 1871. Lessons started in 1872. Nundle was made a town in 1885. In 1924 the Peel River Bridge was built. In 1941 electricity was connected to the town. During 1966 the swimming pool was opened by the Rt Hon. Ian Sinclair. There were 1350 people living in the area in 1969. In 1979 the Premier of New South Wales, Neville Wran, opened the new Chaffey Dam. Sheep, cattle and timber are now the main business activities in Nundle.

There are many old buildings: the Nundle Woollen Mill, old Court House, Peel Inn and Primitive Methodist Church. The old Nundle Courthouse and Police Station have been placed on the Register of the National Estate.

Nundle is of the best areas in the State for finding crystals. Some gold and other precious stones can be found including zircons, green jasper, sapphires and serpentine minerals. Nundle is a popular tourist destination for both casual travellers and motorcycle riders. Nearby is the interesting Hanging Rock mining village with good views of the Nundle valley.

A new bridge across the Peel River at Nundle was finished in 2008. The cost of $683,000 was paid by the NSW State Government.

In July 2008 the rare Euphrasia arguta was rediscovered in a State Forest near Nundle. This plant was last recorded in 1904. It is believed to have grown after fire control burning the previous summer.


The annual Go for Gold Festival is held each Easter with around 4,000 visitors. The State Member for Tamworth told the NSW Parliament “that visitors had come to Nundle from all points of the compass during the Easter weekend to enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and the beautiful setting.” The Great Nundle Dog Race, only open to working dogs, is run on the first Sunday in May and attracts many visitors. This event helps to raise money for sporting equipment, computers, books and trips for students at the Nundle Public School.


National Library of Australia

The National Library of Australia is Australia's largest reference library. It was started by the "National Library Act". The library has to keep and develop a national collection of library material. This includes a broad and complete collection of library material about Australia and the Australian people. It is in Canberra, the capital of Australia.

The National Library of Australia, was officially set up with the "National Library Act, 1960". It had been working as a National Library, not just a Parliamentary Library, since 1901.

In 1901, a Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was started to help the newly formed Federal Parliament of Australia. From its beginning, the Commonwealth Parliamentary Library began to develop of a truly national collection. In 1907 the chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Library Committee, Sir Frederick Holder, gave the reasons for having the library. Australia should have a great public library, like the famous Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. It would be a home for the literature of the world, for ever.

The library building was opened in 1968.

The Library's collections of Australian objects has become the nation's single most important collection of materials recording the Australian cultural history. The Library collects Australian materials of all kinds including:

The Library has good collections in the performing arts, including dance. The Library also has big collections of general overseas and rare book materials, as well as world-class Asian and Pacific collections which add to the Australian collections.

The print collections include large collections of microform. The Library keeps the National Reserve Braille Collection. In total, over 5 million items are held. Films and sound recordings are kept in a separate collection run by the National Film and Sound Archive in Canberra.

The Library has digitised over 130,000 items from its collection. The 100,000th was a photo . These digital items can be seen on the Internet. The Library is a world leader in digital preservation techniques. It keeps an Internet archive of selected Australian websites, called the Pandora Archive.

Breeza

Breeza is a small village in New South Wales, Australia. It is about 43 kms south of Gunnedah and 393 km north of Sydney. It is a part of the Gunnedah Shire Local Government Area. Breeza is in the Liverpool Plains agricultural area. The area around Breeza is called the "Breeza Plains". There are about 25 people who live in Breeza, and 133 who live in the area.

Breeza is on the Kamilaroi Highway about halfway between Gunnedah and Quirindi. It is also on the North-west railway line, close to where it crosses the Mooki River. Breeza has a grain silo.

It is often erroneously said that the bushranger Ben Hall was born at Breeza. He was in fact born near Maitland, NSW but his father, Ben HAll Snr worked on Breeza Station at one time. There is a Ben Hall wall with a painting at the roadside rest area/picnic spot. The mural was painted by Bronwyn Bassett. 

The bushranger, Frederick Ward, known as 'Thunderbolt', robbed a Mr Matthews on the Breeza Plain in 1865. 

Dow AgroSciences has established an agricultural research field station at Breeza which researches wheat breeds.


Retail

Retail is selling goods or items to the people who will use them. This is different from wholesale, which is selling to a retailer.

According to Oxford Dictionary, Retail is the sale of goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale.

Retailers buy finished goods or items directly from a manufacturer or a wholesaler and then distribute in smaller quantities to the final consumer who has a need for such items.

For instance, when we buy shoes to wear or food to eat, we buy from a retailer.

Retailing can be done at shops and stores. This includes department stores, malls and markets where stalls or stands are set up at a cleared area.

Another way of purchasing retail items is by ordering them by mail, telephone, Internet or other methods, to be delivered by post or package delivery service such as United Parcel Service. Some items are sold door-to-door, in which a sales person goes to a possible customers home and tries to sell an item.

Mauro Zárate

Mauro Matías Zárate (born 13 March 1987) is an Argentine professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Danubio.

Gunnedah

Gunnedah is a town in north-western New South Wales, Australia. In 2006 there were 7,542 people living in the town.

Gunnedah is on the Oxley and Kamilaroi Highways. It is 475 kms from Sydney. There is also a railway to Sydney. There is a daily train service, the Countrylink Xplorer, between Sydney and Moree.

The major business is agriculture. Gunnedah produces cotton, coal, beef, lamb, pork, and cereal and oilseed grains.
Gunnedah is also the home of AgQuip, Australia's largest annual exhibition of agricultural equipment.

The Gunnedah area was the home of the Australian Aborigines who spoke the Kamilaroi (Gamilaraay) language. The area of the town was settled by Europeans in 1833 or 1834.

Dorothea Mackellar wrote her famous poem "My Country" (popularly known as "I Love a Sunburnt Country") about her family's farm near Gunnedah. Every year the Dorothea Mackellar Poetry Awards for school students are held in Gunnedah.

Coal was found on Black Jack Hill in 1877. By 1891, 6,000 tons of coal had been dug from shafts. The Gunnedah Colliery Company was registered in May, 1899. One month later a private railway some 5.7 km in length had been completed from the railway station to their mine. In September, 1957, the Government Railway took over the working of the line.

"The Red Chief," by great Australian author Ion L. Idriess, tells the true story of "Red Kangaroo" and his tribe, from this area.

Gunnedah Shire is 264 metres above sea level on the Liverpool Plains in the Namoi River valley. It is very flat. The tallest hills are only 200 metres above the flat plains. The climate is hot in summer, mild in winter and dry. Rainstorms occasionally cause flooding of the Namoi River. Floods can cut transport links to the town and cut it off from the outside world.

The Gunnedah area has a lot of Australian wildlife, including kangaroos, echidnas and koalas. Koalas can often be seen in trees within the town.

There is a newspaper, the Namoi Valley Independent. There are 2 radio stations 2MO and 2GGG. 2MO claims to be the first station started in Australia outside the capital cities.

Gunnedah railway station is on the Mungindi (or North West) railway line, 475 km from Sydney. The station was opened in 1879. There is a large station building with single platform. There is also a passing loop and small goods yard. There is a single daily Xplorer diesel railmotor operating between Sydney and Moree.


