Joubert syndrome

Joubert syndrome is a genetic birth defect. The cerebellum of people with the disorders is not developed normally. The disorder does not occur very often. Since its first description in 1969, a few hundred cases have been described. It is a ciliopathy. 

Mutations at 21 different loci have been found to cause Joubert syndrome. 

Research has shown that a number of genetic disorders may be related as to their root cause. Joubert syndrome is one such disease. It is a member of a class of diseases called ciliopathies.

The underlying cause of the ciliopathies may be defects in the mechanism of cilia in the cell. Cilia are organelles which are present in many cell types in the body. The cilia defects damage "critical developmental signaling pathways" essential to cell development. This explains the multi-symptom nature of many syndromes and diseases.

Currently about nine ciliopathies are known, including Joubert syndrome.

Joakim Noah

Joakim Simon Noah (born February 25, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls. He started his basketball career in 2004, but played for the Bulls in 2007. He also played in his high school basketball teams at the United Nations International School, at Poly Prep Country Day School, and at The Lawrenceville School. Noah is 6 feet and 11 inches.

Noah was born on February 25, 1985 in New York City, New York to a French father and to a Swedish mother. Noah was raised in the hood.


2012 Anaheim riots

On 21 July 2012, police shot and killed a man, Manuel Diaz, in the Anna Drive neighborhood in Anaheim, California, United States. A riot happened for a few nights.

Anna Drive is a poor neighborhood. It is known for having many criminals, including drug dealers. Manuel Diaz was one of them. He and some of his friends were gathering in an alley and threw heroin on a roof. Police came and chased him through the ghetto. Then they shot him in the buttocks and head. He later died at the hospital.

People started getting angry. They came to Anna Drive and started protesting. Soon most of east Anaheim was fighting police. Trash cans were burnt while people went crazy and broke shop windows. The fourth night was the most violent. Police had to shoot people with fake bullets. Two reporters were hurt.

The mayor had the FBI look at the shooting carefully. Another man, Joel Acevedo, was shot the next day and died too, making it the sixth deadly police shooting in one year. The events also highlighted the divide between the poor west and central parts of Anaheim, where more than half of the population is Hispanic, and the east, where most of the police come from.

Carlos Büsser

Carlos Alberto César Büsser (January 10, 1928 – September 29, 2012) was the commander of the Argentine Forces during Operation Rosario, that took the Falkland Islands in 1982, and forced the surrender of its Governor.

Büsser was born on January 10, 1928 in Rosario, Argentina. Büsser died on September 29, 2012 in Buenos Aires, Argentina from a heart attack, aged 84.

Taj Gibson

Taj Jami Gibson (born June 24, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who is a player for the Chicago Bulls since 2009. He began his career in 2006 when he played for the USC.

Gibson was born on June 24, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Telecommunications High School, at Calvary Christian High School, and at the University of Southern California.


Richard Hamilton (basketball)

Richard "Rip" Hamilton (born February 14, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player and current Basketball Analyst for CBS Sports. His career began in 1999 when he played for the Washington Wizards until 2002. Then he played for the Detroit Pistons from 2002 until 2011. Finally, he played for the Chicago Bulls from 2011 to 2013, when he retired.

Hamilton was born on February 14, 1978 in Coatsville, Pennsylvania. He began to play basketball in the Coatsville area.


Mast cell

A mast cell is like a white blood cell (leukocyte) which lives and acts in tissues. It is made in bone marrow, and matures in tissues, where it defends against parasites.

Mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin. Mast cells play an important protective role in wound healing and defence against pathogens. They are a part cause of allergy and anaphylaxis, 

The mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil, a type of white blood cell. However, they are not the same. 

Mast cells were first described by Paul Ehrlich in his 1878 doctoral thesis. He noted the large granules visible once they were stained. They are now considered to be part of the immune system. 

Paean

Paean is a song (or expression) of thanksgiving, triumph, healing or praise.

Paean, Paeeon, Paeëon, Paeon, Paian, Paieon, or Paion (from the Ancient Greek Παιάν, Παιήων, or Παιών) may be:




Bonde da Stronda

Bonde da Stronda is an hip hop duo formed in 2006 at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil by Mr. Thug and Léo Stronda. Their music shows the reality of their day-to-day, talking about girls, partying, dating, love and sex. They released their debut album, Nova Era da Stronda, in August 9, 2009.

Bonde da Stronda started in November 2006. It was formed by Mr.Thug (Diego Villanueva), Léo Stronda (Leonardo Schulz), Mc Cot (Marcus Vinicius ) and Mc Night (Patrick Lopes). They started with home recordings and with the independent release of the songs on the internet. They were recognized by the media. Mc Cot left the group in 2007. Soon after in 2008 Mc Night also left. Mc Night was on the album "Stronda Style". Mc Cot was in a few songs but did not come to participate in any album.

In 2009, they did a remake of the 80's "Tic Tic Nervoso" of Kid Vinil. This song was on the soundtrack to the soap opera Malhação. Later in 2009 they released the album "Nova Era da Stronda". In 2011 released the album "A Profecia". On July 4, 2012 released their new work, the mixtape "Corporação".

Critical point (thermodynamics)

A critical point is a point on a phase diagram at which the liquid and gas phases of a substance have the same density, and so are not distinguishable from each other.

Yi Hwang

Yi Hwang (1501–1570) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty Neo-Confucianism philosopher, politician, writer, and poet.

The name he wrote under was Toegye or Toedo. His courtesy name was Gyeongho.

Toegyero, a street in central Seoul, is named after him. His likeness is on the South Korean 1,000 won note.



Impossibilism

Impossibilism is an idea for bringing about socialism. Impossibilism says that socialists should focus only, or at least mostly, on structural changes to society. They should not seek change through social or political reforms, because trying to bring about meaningful change under a capitalist system is pointless.

Some political parties that have followed impossibilism include the Socialist Party of Canada, World Socialist Movement companion parties, Proletarian Party and the Socialist League.


Denmark at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Denmark took part at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. National Olympic Committee and Sports Confederation of Denmark sent the nation's largest delegation to the Games, after the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. A total of 113 athletes, 63 men and 50 women, competed in 17 sports, although two other athletes played as team reserves. Handball was the only sport in a team in which Denmark took part in these Olympic games.

The Danish team included several past Olympic champions, one of them defending (the men's lightweight coxless fours team, led by veteran rowers Eskild Ebbesen and Morten Jørgensen). Notable athletes featured tennis player Caroline Wozniacki, and swimmer Lotte Friis, who won the bronze medal in Beijing. Kim Wraae Knudsen, silver medalist in the men's sprint kayak doubles in Beijing, was the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.

Team Danmark and the Danish Sports' Union ("Dansk Idræts-Forbund", DIF) set a goal of eight medals to be targeted in the medal standings. Team Danmark and DIF also believed Denmark had the best chances of winning a medal in wrestling, shooting, cycling, handball, the equestrian events, rowing, athletics, badminton and sailing. At the end of the Games, Denmark has reached beyond the medal target by a single point.

Denmark left London with a total of 9 medals (2 gold, 4 silver, and 3 bronze), being considered its most successful Olympics after 64 years. One gold medal were won by rowers Rasmus Quist and Mads Rasmussen in the men's lightweight double sculls, and one gold medal won by track cyclist Lasse Norman Hansen in the first ever men's omnium. Other medals were awarded to the team in sailing, shooting, badminton, and women's rowing. Several Danish athletes, however, nearly missed out of the medal standings in their sporting events, including two from Greco-Roman wrestling.

The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games:

Three Danish individual quota places as well as a team quota place were secured at the 2011 World Archery Championships on 6 June 2011, as the Danish team, consisting of Carina Christiansen, Maja Jager and Louise Laursen, finished 8th in the women's recurve event. The same three archers were selected for participation by the NOC on 14 May 2012.

Danish athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):


The BWF World Ranking of 1 May 2012 was used for the qualifying for the badminton tournament. This gave Denmark the following quota places: 2 in men's singles, 1 in men's doubles, 1 in women's singles, 1 in women's doubles and 2 in mixed doubles. Nine players were selected on 14 May 2012.

Denmark qualified in the following event with one qualifier.

Denmark has qualified boats for the following events in the sprint discipline of the canoeing sport. No Danish canoeists competed in the slalom discipline.

Denmark has qualified cyclists in all 4 disciplines in the cycling sport.

Denmark has qualified one team and three individual quota places to the dressage discipline in the Equestrian sport after finishing in sixth place at the 2011 European Dressage Championship. No Danish riders compete in the two other disciplines.

Denmark qualified one male athlete in trampolining. No Danish gymnasts competed in the other two disciplines of the gymnastics sport.

The men's team qualified for the Olympics by winning the 2012 European Men's Handball Championship. The women's team qualified through the World Qualification Tournament. This was the first ever Olympics where both the Danish men's and women's handball teams were present. The men's squad was announced on 29 May 2012 with the reserve determined one month later, and the women's squad was announced on 2 July 2012.



Denmark has qualified boats for the following events


Each NOC could only enter one boat at each event, and Denmark qualified to enter a boat in eight out of the ten events only missing Women's RS-X and Men's 470. Which means that Danish sailors competed in all eight Olympic boat types.


Denmark have qualified for five places is shooting events; athletes in brackets secured the quota place.

Danish swimmers achieved qualifying standards in the following events before the games started (up to a maximum of two swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially one at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):

Pál Joensen usually competes for the Faroe Islands, but since these don't have their own NOC, he competes under the Danish flag.

Three Danish athletes qualified for the table tennis event. In the men's singles, Michael Maze qualified by virtue of his ranking, while Allan Bentsen qualified through the final qualification tournament. Mie Skov qualified for the women's singles event after her performance at the European qualification tournament.

Denmark has qualified the following athletes.

Denmark has qualified in the following events.

Diving at the 2012 Summer Olympics

The diving competitions at the 2012 Olympic Games in London took place from 29 July to 11 August at the Aquatics Centre in the Olympic Park. It was one of four aquatic sports at the Games, along with swimming, water polo and synchronised swimming.

The 2012 Games had competitions in eight events (men and women events each of): 3m springboard, synchronised 3m springboard, 10m platform, and synchronised 10m platform.

The diving had 136 athletes representing 25 countries. All divers must be at least 14 years old on or by 31 December 2012.

China was the most successful nation, topping the medal table with six golds and ten in total.

A nation could have no more than 16 divers qualify (up to eight males and eight females) and could enter up to two divers in individual events and one pair in synchronised events.

For the individual diving events, qualifiers were:

For the synchronised events (pairs), qualifiers were:

Note: Qualifying spots go to the nation – they are not tied to the individual diver who achieved the place/finish at the qualifying event. However, an individual diver may only qualify one spot for their nation.

Twenty-five nations competed in diving at the 2012 Olympics:

Petén Department

Petén is a department of the nation of Guatemala. It is geographically the most northern department of Guatemala. It is also the largest in size — at . It is about one third of Guatemala's area. The capital is Flores. The population in 2005 was about 450,000.

The Petén department was formed by the Guatemalan government on 8 May 1866.

The Petén department is bordered on the east by Belize and by Mexico on the north and west. To the south it borders the Guatemalan departments of Alta Verapaz and Izabal. Much of the western border with Mexico is formed by the Usumacinta River and its tributary the Salinas River. Parts of the southern border of the department are formed by the rivers Gracias a Dios and Santa Isabel.

The main bodies of water in the department are the lakes Petén Itzá, Peténchel, Quexil, Salpetén and Macanche in the centre of the department; Yaxhá and Sacnab in the east, Petexbatún in the southwest, and Perdida, Larga, La Gloria, San Diego, Mendoza, El Repasto and Lacandón in the west.


Paean (god)

In Greek mythology, Paean (Paeëon or Paeon) was the Greek doctor of the gods.

In the "Iliad", book 5, the Olympian god of war Ares is wounded by mortal hero Diomedes. Ares is to Olympus in a hurry, where Paeon applies medicine that gave an instant relief. Hades too was helped by Paeon when he was shot with an arrow by Heracles.

Hesiod says Paeon is an individual god and not a group of people.

In time, Paeon (more usually spelled Paean) became a name used for Apollo. This is because Apollo was able to bring disease. Later, Paeon became a name used for Asclepius, the healer-god.


Paion

Paion is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece. In 2001 there were 2,579 people. The municipality was formed after the Greek War of Independence and was ended in 1912. It was recreated in 1998 under the Capodistrian Plan. Since 2011 it has been part of the municipality Kalavryta.

List of books by Stephen King

This is a complete list of books published by Stephen King. Page counts are from first editions.

Money, Money, Money

"Money Money Money" is an ABBA single. The song was released in November 1976. It was the follow up to "Dancing Queen". This hit song has been redone and sung by many other musicians.

Thinking of You

Thinking of You may be:


Robin Hood (1973 movie)

Robin Hood is a 1973 American animated musical adventure comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released in the United States on November 8, 1973.

It is the 21st Disney animated movie. It is based on the legend of Robin Hood, but uses anthropomorphic animals instead of people. The story follows the adventures of Robin Hood, Little John and the inhabitants of Nottingham as they fight against the excessive taxation of Prince John, and Robin Hood wins the hand of Maid Marian.

The movie is narrated by the rooster Alan-a-Dale. He explains that Robin Hood and Little John live in Sherwood Forest, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor townsfolk of Nottingham. The Sheriff of Nottingham and his posse often try to catch them but fail every time. Meanwhile, Prince John and his assistant Sir Hiss, arrive in Nottingham. Sir Hiss hypnotized Prince John's brother King Richard to go off on the Crusades, allowing Prince John to take the throne. Unfortunately, the prince is greedy and immature, even sucking his thumb whenever his mother is mentioned. Robin and Little John rob Prince John by disguising themselves as fortune tellers. This results in the prince putting a bounty on their heads and making the Sheriff his personal tax collector.

The Sheriff taxes Friar Tuck and a family of rabbits. Robin gives back some money to the rabbits, giving his hat and archery kit to the young rabbit Skippy for his birthday. Skippy and his friends test out the archery kit, but Skippy fires an arrow into the grounds of Maid Marian's castle. The children sneak inside, meeting Maid Marian and her attendant Lady Kluck. Maid Marian reveals she and Robin were childhood sweethearts but they have not seen one another for years. Friar Tuck visits Robin and Little John, explaining that Prince John is hosting an archery tournament, and the winner will get a kiss from Maid Marian. Robin agrees to participate in the tournament disguised as a stork while Little John disguises himself as the Duke of Chutney to get near Prince John. Sir Hiss discovers Robin's identity but is trapped in a barrel of ale by Friar Tuck and Alan-a-Dale. Robin wins the tournament, but Prince John exposes him and has him arrested for execution despite Maid Marian's pleas.

Little John threatens Prince John leading to a fight between Robin, Little John, Maid Marian, Lady Kluck and Prince John's soldiers. In the forest, Robin and Maid Marian fall in love again as the townsfolk mock Prince John, describing him as the "Phony King of England". Angering by the insult, Prince John triples the taxes, imprisoning most of the townsfolk who cannot pay their taxes. The Sheriff visits Friar Tuck's church to steal from the poor box, angering Friar Tuck who is arrested too. Prince John plans to hang Friar Tuck to lure in Robin and kill him. Robin and Little John sneak in, with Little John managing to free all of the prisoners while Robin steals Prince John's taxes, but Sir Hiss awakens to find Robin fleeing.

The Sheriff corners Robin after he is forced to return to rescue a straggler, setting fire to Prince John's castle and causing Robin to leap from a tower into the moat below. Little John and Skippy watch as the moat is pelted with arrows and Robin seems to be shot and drowned, but he emerges unharmed after using a reed as a breathing tube. Prince John is saddened and driven into a blind rage when Sir Hiss points out his mother's castle is on fire. Later, King Richard returns to England, placing his brother and his cohorts under arrest. He allows Robin and Maid Marian to be married and leave Nottingham with Little John and Skippy in tow.


The movie premiered at the Radio City Music Hall on November 8, 1973. The movie was re-released on March 26, 1982. It was released to videocassette on December 3, 1984, becoming the first installment of the Walt Disney Classics home video line. Disney thought the idea of releasing any of its animated classics (known as the "untouchables") might threaten future theatrical release money. However, "Robin Hood" was viewed as the first choice because it was not held in such high regard as some of the other titles, and was less likely to get another theatrical release as its 1982 reissue proved to be disappointing. It was later re-released in 1991 (as part of the Walt Disney Classics line) and 1994 (as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection line).

In January 2000, Walt Disney Home Video launched the Gold Classic Collection, with "Robin Hood" re-released on VHS and DVD on July 4, 2000. The DVD had the movie in its 1.33:1 aspect ratio, and was accompanied with special features including a trivia game and the cartoon short "Ye Olden Days". The remastered "Most Wanted Edition" DVD ("Special Edition" in the UK) was released in 2006. It featured a deleted scene/alternate ending, as well as a 16:9 matted transfer to represent its original theatrical screen ratio. On August 6, 2013, the movie was released as the 40th Anniversary Edition on a Blu-ray/DVD/Digital Copy combo pack.


The Great Mouse Detective

The Great Mouse Detective is a 1986 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It was first released to movie theaters in the United States on July 2, 1986 by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 26th animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The main characters are all mice and rats living in Victorian London.

The movie is based on the children's book series "Basil of Baker Street" by Eve Titus. It is also similar to the stories about Sherlock Holmes.


List of The Amazing World of Gumball episodes

"The Amazing World of Gumball" is a cartoon comedy series. It was created by Ben Bocquelet for the Cartoon Network.

Since its debut on May 3, 2011, more than all 240 episodes (in total) of the series have been broadcast. The series ended on June 24, 2019.

Cartoon Network renewed the series for a sixth season. On September 6, 2016, series creator Ben Bocquelet announced that he would be departing production of "Gumball" upon completing the sixth season, but production will continue without him. However, on October 7, 2018, he retweeted a tweet with an article saying that the sixth season is the final season. A follow up article clarifyed that there could still be more seasons. In November 2018, it was revealed that Ben Bocquelet had finished the show and that the production of the series was completed.

Later in November 2019, a six-episode miniseries titled “Darwin's Yearbook” was announced.

A six-episode special called "Darwin's Yearbook" aired on Cartoon Network in December 2019. The miniseries features Darwin attempting to complete Elmore Junior High's yearbook by examining who he thinks should fill up the best spot. The miniseries is essentially a collection of clip show episodes.

Habima Theatre

Habima Theatre (, lit. "The Stage") is the national theatre of Israel. It is in Tel Aviv. The theatre was established in Moscow. It was moved to Israel in 1930.


Tel-O-Fun

Tel-O-Fun () is a bicycle-sharing service in Tel Aviv. The project began in 2011. It includes roads for bicycles.

Vladimir Radmanović

Vladimir Radmanović (born November 19, 1980) is a Serbian former professional basketball player who played for the Seattle SuperSonics, Los Angeles Clippers, Los Angeles Lakers, Charlotte Bobcats, Golden State Warriors, Atlanta Hawks, and Chicago Bulls from 2001-2013.

Radmanović was born on November 19, 1980 in Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia.

Alex Karras

Alexander George "Alex" Karras (July 15, 1935 – October 10, 2012) was an American football player, wrestler, movie, television, stage, voice actor, and writer who is known for his role as George Papadapolis in the television series "Webster".

Karras was born on July 15, 1935 in Gary, Indiana. He studied at the University of Chicago. Karras was married to Joan Jurgensen from 1958 until they divorced in 1975. Then he was married to Susan Clark from 1980 until his death in 2012. With Jurgensen, he has five children. Then with Clark he has one child. Karras died on October 10, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from kidney failure, aged 77.

Susan Clark

Susan Clark (born March 8, 1943) is an retired Canadian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for her role as Katherine Papadapolis in "Webster". She has won an Emmy Award in 1976.

Clark was born on March 8, 1940 in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. Clark was raised in Toronto, Ontario. She studied at Northern Secondary School. She was married to Bob Joseph from 1970 until they divorced in 1973. Then she was married to Alex Karras from 1980 until his death in 2012. With Joseph, she has five children. Then with Karras, she has one child.

Emmanuel Lewis

Emmanuel Lewis (born March 9, 1971) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is best known for his role as Webster Long in "Webster".

Lewis was born on March 9, 1971 in Brooklyn, New York.

Jack Kruschen

Jack Joseph Kruschen (March 20, 1922 – April 2, 2002) was a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is known for his role as Dr. Dreyfuss in "The Apartment".

Kruschen was born on March 20, 1922 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He was married to Marjorie Ullman from 1947 until they divorced in 1961. Then he was married to Violet Rafaella Mooring from 1962 until her death in 1978. Then he was married to Mary Pender from 1979 until his death in 2002. 

Kruschen died on April 2, 2002 in Chandler, Arizona from natural causes, aged 80.


Jayma Mays

Jayma Suzette Mays (born Jamia Suzette Mays, July 16, 1979) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress. She is known for her roles as Emma Pillsbury in "Glee", as Charlie in "Ugly Betty", as Amy Anderson in "", and as Grace Winslow in "The Smurfs" and in "Smurfs 2".

Mays was born on July 16, 1979 in Bristol, Tennessee. She studied at Grundy High School, at Southwest Virginia Community College, and at Radford University. She was married to Adam Campbell since 2007.

Andy Samberg

Andrew David "Andy" Samberg (born August 18, 1978) is an American actor, stand-up comedian, singer, writer and the lead member of the comedy group, The Lonely Island. He is known for his works in "Saturday Night Live", "Hot Rod" and "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".

He is influenced by Steve Martin, Mel Brooks and Adam Sandler. He married Joanna Newsom in September 2013. The couple announced the birth of their daughter in August 2017. In July 2018, the couple gave birth to their son.

Kris Humphries

Kris Nathan Humphries (born February 6, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who played for the Utah Jazz, then with the Toronto Raptors, then with Dallas Mavericks, and for the Brooklyn Nets. He retired in 2019.

Humphries was born on February 6, 1985 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Humphries married Kim Kardashian in 2011, but filed for divorce a couple of months after their marriage. Their divorce was finalized on June 3, 2013. Kris Humphries and Kim Kardashian's marriage lasted for 72 days before they filed for divorce.


Kourtney Kardashian

Kourtney Mary Kardashian (born April 18, 1979) is an American socialite and reality television star who gained fame after appearing on her family's TV series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and multiple other TV shows. She is also a businesswoman and model.

Kourtney Mary Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California on April 18, 1979, to parents Robert and Kris. She is the oldest Kardashian siblings. She is the sister of Kim, Khloé, Rob, Kendall, and Kylie.

She was in a relationship with Scott Disick from 2007 to July 2015. They have three children together: Mason, Penelope, and Reign.

In early 2021 Kardashian has been in a relationship with Travis Barker, a musician.
In the late 2021, Barker proposed to Kardashian and the got engaged in California. The two were married in May 2022. On November 1, 2023, she gave birth to their son, Rocky Thirteen Barker.


Kris Jenner

Kristen Mary "Kris" Jenner (born November 5, 1951) is an American television personality, writer, socialite, television producer and businesswoman. She is known for being the mother of the Kardashian sisters.

Kristen Mary Houghton was born on November 5, 1955 in San Diego, California. She was married to Robert Kardashian from 1978 until they divorced in 1990. She had four children with Robert; Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Rob Kardashian.

She was married to Bruce Jenner from 1991 until their divorce in 2015 (after Bruce Jenner transitioned to female). She has four children with Robert and two daughters with Jenner. The Jenners announced their separation in October 2013, though they had actually separated a year earlier. With Jenner, she had two daughters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner.

From 2007 to 2021, Kris Jenner starred alongside her family on the reality show "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". Her and her family also appear on the sequel reality show "The Kardashians" as well as many other TV shows. From their popularity, they became very rich and famous.

David Prowse

David Prowse, MBE (1 July 1935 – 28 November 2020) was an English bodybuilder, weightlifter, and movie, television, stage, and voice actor who was known for playing the role of Darth Vader in four Star Wars movies.

Prowse was born in Bristol, England. He studied at Bristol Grammar School. He was married to Norma Prowse from 1963 until his death. 

In November 2014, Prowse revealed that he had dementia. In 2018, he was diagnosed with for a second time prostate cancer after going into remission in 2009.

Prowse died on 28 November 2020 in London, aged 85. Two weeks before his death, he was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Bill Gates Sr.

William Henry Gates, Sr. (born William Henry Gates II, November 30, 1925 – September 14, 2020) was an American attorney, philanthropist and author of the book "Showing Up for Life: Thoughts on the Gifts of a Lifetime". He was the father of Bill Gates.

Gates was born on November 30, 1925 in Bremerton, Washington. He studied at the University of Washington. He was married to Mary Maxwell until her death in 1994. Gates was to Mimi Gardner. With Maxwell he had three children.

Gates Sr. died on September 14, 2020 from Alzheimer's disease at his home near Puget Sound, Washington at the age of 94.


Tanya Tucker

Tanya Tucker (born October 10, 1958) is a country music singer. Her career began when she was 13 in 1972. The song "Delta Dawn" was her first song. Many other hit songs followed in upcoming years. She was born in Texas

Chain rule

In differential calculus, the chain rule is a way of finding the derivative of a function. It is used where the function is within another function. This is called a composite function. 

More specifically, if formula_1 equals the composite function of the form:

where "g" is a function differentiable at "x" and "f" is a function differentiable at "g"("x"), then the derivative of formula_1, written as formula_4, exists, and is equal to

1. Find the derivative of the outside function (all of it at once).

2. Find the derivative of the inside function (the bit between the brackets).

3. Multiply the answer from the first step by the answer from the second step. This is basically the last step in solving for the derivative of a function.

For example,

In this example, the cubed sign () is the outside function and formula_8 is the inside function. The derivative of the outside function would be formula_9, where "x" is replaced by the inside function. The derivative of the inside function would be 2"x", which is multiplied by formula_10 to get formula_11. 

The very definition of a derivative is formula_12. 

With this knowledge:

formula_13 must be true, which can also be written as formula_14.


Gush Dan

Gush Dan (; ) is a metropolitan area in Israel that includes Tel Aviv and other nearby cities like Ramat Gan, Herzliya, Bat Yam, Ashdod, Rishon Letzion, Petah Tikva, Holon, Netanya, Bnei Brak. It is the largest metropolitan area in Israel.

Russet sparrow

The russet sparrow ("Passer cinnamomeus") also called the cinnamon sparrow or cinnamon tree sparrow, is a bird that is part of the sparrow family. It is a small bird with a thick beak, and is 14 to 15 centimetres long. Its feathers are mainly rufous (reddish-brown) above and grey below, and its sounds are made up of short chirps which it can sometimes join together to make a song. There are 3 subspecies of the Russet Sparrow, "rutilans" (the main species), "intensior", which, along with the main species, lives in parts of eastern Asia, and "cinnamomeus", which lives in the Himalayas and is commonly seen around terrace farms. The Russet Sparrow mainly eats seeds from herbs and grains, and it is the common sparrow of towns and cities that Eurasian Tree Sparrows and House Sparrows do not live in.

Myton-on-Swale

Myton-on-Swale is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. It is about east of Boroughbridge and on the River Swale.

Luke Nelson

Luther Martin Nelson (December 4, 1893 – November 14, 1985) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. Nelson played for the New York Yankees in 1919. In nine games, he had a 3–0 record with a 2.96 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.

Nelson was born in Cable, Illinois and died in Moline, Illinois.


Scafell Pike

Scafell Pike is the highest mountain in England. It is tall. It is in Lake District National Park, in Cumbria.

It is sometimes confused with the near-by Scafell. The name "Pikes of Sca Fell" was first used to mean the peaks now known as Scafell Pike, Ill Crag and Broad Crag. The contraction "Scafell Pike" started as an error on an Ordnance Survey map.

The summit was given to the National Trust in 1919 by Lord Leconfield. He did this in memory of the men of the Lake District "who fell for God and King, for freedom, peace and right in the Great War".

No contest

No contest is a plea in which the defendant making the plea has chosen not to dispute the criminal charges against them, particularly in United States courts. No contest pleas usually carry results similar to pleading or being found guilty of different classes of crimes. No contest is called Nolo contendere in the Latin terminology. Some countries other than the U.S. do not allow people to plead no contest.

Tom Kane

Tom Kane (born Thomas Kane Roberts, April 15, 1962) is a retired American voice actor. He has worked in movies, television and video games. Kane is known for his many voice roles in "" and in "The Powerpuff Girls".

Kane was born in Overland Park, Kansas on April 15, 1962.

Kane suffered a stroke in November 2020 which left him with weakness on the right side of his body and damage to his speaking, writing, and reading abilities. In September 2021, he announced his retirement because of his stroke.


Paul Winfield

Paul Edward Winfield (May 22, 1939 – March 7, 2004) was an American television, movie, voice, and stage actor who is known for his roles in "The Terminator", "Sounder", "Presumed Innocent", "Damnation Alley", and in "White Dog". He has won an Emmy Award in 1995.

Winfield was born on May 22, 1939 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the Manual Arts High School,at Los Angeles City College, at University of Portland, at Stanford University, and at the University of California at Los Angeles. Winfield was openly gay. He was partners with Charles Gillan, Jr. from 1972 until his death in 2002. Winfield died on March 7, 2004 after having a heart attack, a complication from his diabetes in Los Angeles, California, aged 64.


Mark Slade

Mark Van Blarcom Slade (born May 1, 1939) is an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, writer, and artist who is known for his role as Billy Blue Cannon in "The High Chaparral".

Slade was born on May 1, 1939 in Salem, Massachusetts. He was married to Melinda Riccilli since 1968.


Nicolas Roeg

Nicolas Jack Roeg (15 August 1928 – 23 November 2018) was an English movie director and cinematographer. He is best known for directing "Performance" (1970), "Walkabout" (1971), "Don't Look Now" (1973), "The Man Who Fell to Earth" (1976), "Bad Timing" (1980) and "The Witches" (1990).

Roeg was born on 15 August 1928 in London. Roeg was married to Susan Stephen from 1957 until they divorced in 1977. He was married to actress Theresa Russell from 1982 until they divorced. He was married to Harriet Harper from 2004 until his death in 2018.

Roeg died on 23 November 2018 in London at the age of 90.

Don King

Donald "Don" King (born August 20, 1931) is an American boxing promoter. He has promoted many famous boxers including Mike Tyson, George Foreman, Muhammad Ali, and Evander Holyfield.

King was born on August 20, 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio. He dropped out from Kent State University. King was married to Henrietta King from 1959 until her death in 2010. They had three children.


Dave Chappelle

David Khari Webber "Dave" Chappelle (born August 24, 1973) is an American comedian, screenwriter, television and movie producer, movie, voice, and television actor, and artists. He is known for his comedy works and for having his own show, "Chappelle's Show". He is also known for his role as Thurgood Jenkins in "Half Baked". In 2018, he starred as Noodles in the drama movie "A Star Is Born".

In 2016, he signed a $20 million-per-release comedy-special deal with Netflix and as of 2019, he has released five standup specials.

Chappelle received his first Emmy Award in 2017 for his guest appearance on "Saturday Night Live". In 2018, he received a Grammy Award for his Netflix specials "The Age of Spin & Deep in the Heart of Texas".

Chappelle was born on August 24, 1973 in Washington, D.C., but raised in Silver Spring, Maryland. He has been married to Elaine Erfe since 2001. They have 3 children.

In 2019, Chappelle was selected to receive the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor presented by the Kennedy Center as America's highest comedy honor.


Emile Hirsch

Emile Davenport Hirsch (born March 13, 1985) is an American television, voice and movie actor. He is known for his role as Speed Racer in "Speed Racer" and as Matthew Kiddman in "The Girl Next Door".

Hirsh was born on March 13, 1985 in Topanga, California. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Alexander Hamilton High School. 

Bryan Cranston

Bryan Lee Cranston (born March 7, 1956) is an American actor, voice actor, director, producer, and writer. 

He is best known for his roles as Hal in "Malcolm in the Middle" and as Walter White in "Breaking Bad". He has won an Emmy Award for his role in Breaking Bad and a Saturn Award and Tony Award.

Cranston appeared in movies as well. He appeared in "Saving Private Ryan", "Little Miss Sunshine", "Argo", "Godzilla", as Dalton Trumbo in "Trumbo", "Kung Fu Panda 3", "Why Him?", Zordon in "Power Rangers" and as Phillip Lacasse in "The Upside".

Cranston was born on March 7, 1956 in Los Angeles, California. Cranston studied at Canoga Park High School and at the Los Angeles City College. Cranston was married to Mickey Middleton from 1977 until they divorced in 1982. He married Robin Dearden in 1989. With Dearden, he has a daughter.

Guido Quaroni

Guido Quaroni (born November 9, 1967) is an Italian voice actor who is known for his voice role as Guido in "Cars" and in "Cars 2".

Franco Nero

Franco Nero (born Francesco Sparanero, 23 November 1941) is an Italian movie director, movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Django", "Die Hard 2", "Letters to Juliet", "Camelot", "Keoma", "The Mercenary", and "Cars 2".

Nero was born on 23 November 1941 in San Prospero, Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. He studied at Piccolo Teatro di Milano. Nero has been married to Vanessa Redgrave since 2005. Nero has a son, Carlo Gabriel Nero, by Redgrave.

Dennis Miller

Dennis Miller (born November 3 1953) is an American comedian, political commentator, actor, writer and radio personality. He usually talks about politics. Miller was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Michael Redgrave

Sir Michael Scudamore Redgrave (20 March 1908 – 21 March 1985) was an English actor, director, producer, screenwriter, manager and author known for his roles in "The Lady Vanishes", "Dead of Night", "The Browning Version", "The Dam Busters", "Secret Beyond the Door...", and in "Mourning Becomes Electra".

Redgrave was born on 20 March 1908 in Bristol, Gloucestershire. Redgrave was educated at the Magdalene College, at Cambridge, Clifton College, and at the University of Cambridge. Throughout his life, Redgrave was bisexual. He was married to Rachel Kempson from 1935 until his death in 1985. They had three children, Vanessa Redgrave, Corin Redgrave, and Lynn Redgrave. Redgrave died on 21 March 1985 in Denham, Buckinghamshire from Parkinson's disease, aged 77.


Corin Redgrave

Corin William Redgrave (16 July 1939 – 6 April 2010) was an English actor and activist, who is known for his roles in "All Man for All Seasons", "Four Weddings and a Funeral", "Oh! What a Lovely War", "The Forsyte Saga", and in "Persuasion".

Redgrave was born on 16 July 1939 in Marylebone, London, England. He studied at the Westminster School and at King's College, Cambridge. Redgrave was married to Deirdre Hamilton-Hill from 1962 until they divorced in 1975. Then he was married to Kika Markham from 1985 until his death in 2010. They had four children. Redgrave died on 6 April 2010 in Tooting, London, England from prostate cancer, aged 70.

Oscar II

Oscar II (21 January 1829 – 8 December 1907), baptised Oscar Fredrik, was King of Sweden from 1872 until his death and King of Norway from 1872 until 1905. The third son of King Oscar I of Sweden and Josephine of Leuchtenberg, he was a descendant of Gustav I of Sweden through his mother.

When he was born on January 21, 1829 in Stockholm, Oscar Fredrik was created Duke of Östergötland. He entered the navy at the age of eleven, and was appointed junior lieutenant in July 1845. Later he studied at Uppsala University, where he distinguished himself in mathematics. On 13 December 1848, he was made an honorary member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

From 1859, when his father died, he was first in line to the Swedish throne after his oldest brother King Charles, who then had no male heirs (his son had died in infancy in 1854). His middle brother Gustaf had died in 1852.

He succeeded his brother Charles XV and IV on 18 September 1872, and was crowned as king of Norway in the Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim on 18 July 1873. At the accession he adopted as his motto "Brödrafolkens väl" / "Broderfolkenes Vel" ("The Welfare of the Brother Peoples"). While the King and the Royal Court resided mostly in Sweden, Oscar made the effort of learning to be fluent in Norwegian and from the very beginning he realized the essential difficulties in the maintenance of the union between the two countries.

The political events which led up to the peaceful dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 could hardly have been attained but for the tact and patience of the king himself. He was dethroned on 7 June 1905 by the Norwegian Parliament and renounced the Norwegian throne on 26 October. 

On 6 June 1857 he married in Wiesbaden-Biebrich, Germany, Princess Sophia Wilhelmina, youngest daughter of Duke William of Nassau. 

His health declined, indeed, to permit any prince of his house to become king of Norway, but better relations between the two countries were restored before his death in Stockholm on 8 December 1907 from unknown causes.


Rob Corddry

Robert William "Rob" Corddry (born February 4, 1971) is an American movie, television, voice actor, television director and producer, writer and comedian who is known for his roles in "Hot Tub Time Machine" and in "Childrens Hospital". He has won an Emmy Award in 2012 for "Children Hospital".

Corddry was born on February 4, 1971 in Weymouth, Massachusetts. He studied at Weymouth North High School and at University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Malayalam Wikipedia

The Malayalam Wikipedia () is the Malayalam language edition of Wikipedia, a free and publicly editable online encyclopedia. It was launched on December 21, 2002. Now this project is the leading Wikipedia among other South East Asian language Wikipedias in quality. It has grown to be a wiki containing more than 31,000 articles .

The Malayalam language Wikipedia has been available in the wikipedia.org domain since 21 December 2002. A user had taken the initial tasks for it. After its creation he was the key person for the next 2 years. Almost all the early users of Malayalam Wikipedia were Malayalees (speakers of the Malayalam language). The growth of the Wikipedia during these times was very slow due to technical issues such as browser problems, font problems, and other problems.

Phil Silvers

Phil Silvers (born Philip Silver, May 11, 1911 – November 1, 1985) was an American entertainer, comedian, movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who is known for his role as Sergeant Bilko in "The Phil Silvers Show". He has won two Tony Awards and an Emmy Award.

Silvers was born on May 11, 1911 in Brooklyn, New York. Silver was married to Jo-Carroll Dennison from 1945 until they divorced in 1950. Then he was married to Evelyn Patrick from 1956 until they divorced in 1966. Silvers had five children with Evelyn. Silvers died on November 1, 1985 in Century City, California from heart failure, aged 74.


Wade Williams

Wade Andrew Williams (born December 24, 1961) is an American movie, television, and voice actor who is best known for his role as Brad Bellick in "Prison Break".

Williams was born on December 24, 1961 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He studied at Rutgers University and at the University of Tulsa.

Gary Collins

Gary Ennis Collins (April 30, 1938 – October 13, 2012) was an American movie, television, radio, stage, voice actor, and television host. He is known for his roles in "The Sixth Sense", "Angel in my Pocket", "The Wackiest Ship in the Army", "Born Free", "Hangar 18", and in "The Home Show". He is also known for being the host of Miss America from 1982 through 1990. He has won an Emmy Award for Best Television Host in 1983.

Collins guest-starred on dozens of television shows since the 1960s, including "Perry Mason", "The Virginian", "Hawaii Five-O", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "The Love Boat", "Charlie's Angels", "Friends", and "JAG".

Collins was born on April 30, 1938 in Venice, California. Collins was raised in Biloxi, Mississippi. He studied at Santa Monica City College. He was married to Susan Lechman from 1964 until they divorced in 1967. Then he was married to Mary Ann Mobley from 1967 until his death in 2012. Collins died on the morning of October 13, 2012 in Biloxi, Mississippi from natural causes, aged 74.


Tom Berenger

Tom Berenger (born Thomas Michael Moore; May 31, 1949) is an Emmy Award-winning American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Hatfields & McCoys", "Platoon", "Major League", "Inception", and "The Big Chill". He has won an Emmy Award and an Golden Globe Award.

Berenger was born on May 31, 1949 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Missouri. Berenger was married to Barbara Wilson from 1976 until they divorced in 1984. Then he was married to Lisa Williams from 1986 until they divorced in 1997. Then he was married to Patricia Alvaran since 1998. He has six children.


Julio Alemán

Julio Méndez Alemán (November 29, 1933 – April 11, 2012) was a Mexican movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor.

Alemán was born in Morelia, Michoacán on November 29, 1933. He was married to Esperanza Martínez. They had six children.

Alemán died in Mexico City on April 11, 2012. He had been diagnosed with lung cancer. His remains were cremated and a memorial service was held on April 12, 2012, in Mexico City.

Gumbel distribution

The Gumbel distribution is a probability distribution of extreme values.

In probability theory and statistics, the Gumbel distribution is used to model the distribution of the maximum (or the minimum) of a number of samples of various distributions.

Such a distribution might be used to represent the distribution of the maximum level of a river in a particular year if there was a list of maximum values for the past ten years. It is also useful in predicting the chance that an extreme earthquake, flood or other natural disaster will occur.

The Gumbel distribution is a continuous probability distribution. Gumbel distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form. These distributions differ in their "location" and "scale" parameters: the mean ("average") of the distribution defines its location, and the standard deviation ("variability") defines the scale.

One recognizes the Gumbel "probability density function" (PDF) and the Gumbel "cumulative distribution function" (CDF).

In the PDF, the probability P of a value V to occur between limits A and B, briefly written as P(A<VP(V \leq A) = CDF(A) </math>.

The mathematical expression of the CDF is:

where μ is the "mode" (the value where the probability density function reaches its peak), "e" is a mathematical constant, about 2.718, and β is a value related to the "standard deviation" (σ) :

where π is the Greek symbol for Pi whose value is close to 22/7 or 3.142, and the symbol formula_3 stands for the square root.

The "mode" μ can be found from the "median" M, being the value of A where CDF(A)=0.5, and β:

where "ln" is the natural logarithm.

The "mean", E(x), given by:

where formula_6 = "Euler constant" formula_7 0.5772.

In a data series, the parameters "mode" (μ) and β can be estimated from the average, median and standard deviation. The calculation of the last three quantities is explained in the respective Wiki pages. Then, with the help of formulas given in the previous section, the factors μ and β can be calculated. In this way, the CDF of the Gumbel distribution belonging to the data can be determined and the probability of interesting data values can be found.

In hydrology, the Gumbel distribution is used to analyze such variables as monthly and annual maximum values of daily rainfall and river discharge volumes, and also to describe droughts.
The blue picture illustrates an example of fitting the Gumbel distribution to ranked maximum one-day October rainfalls showing also the 90% "confidence belt" based on the binomial distribution.

List of cities in Turkey

This is a list of cities in Turkey by population. The total population of Turkey is 79,749,461 according to the 2012 estimate. This makes it the 17th most populated country in the world.

List of cities in Ukraine

This is a complete list of cities in Ukraine. On 1 January, 2022, there were 461 cities (, "misto") in Ukraine. City status is given by the Verkhovna Rada, the Ukrainian parliament. The city status is only slightly related to the size of a populated place in Ukraine.

Smaller settlements are urban-type settlements (comparable to towns in English-speaking countries) and villages (, "selo").

The list of cities is ordered by 2021 estimates of population and compared to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, except for Chernobyl which is an unofficial estimate. The cities with special status are shown in "italic".


List of cities in the United Arab Emirates

This is a list of the most important cities of the United Arab Emirates, in alphabetical order:


List of cities in Uruguay

This is a list of cities in Uruguay. There are many places that have a large number of people that are not called a "City" in Uruguay. 

List of cities in Uzbekistan

This is a list of cities in Uzbekistan. The names of many places have been changed during the last century, sometimes more than once. Wherever possible, the old names are on the list and linked to the new names.

The native Uzbek name of each city is listed in parenthesis. 


List of settlements in Armenia

The Municipalities of Armenia are called communities. Each community is self-governing and has one or more settlements. As of 2007, Armenia includes 915 communities. 49 are considered urban and 866 are considered rural. The capital, Yerevan, also has the status of a community.

Chris Dodd

Christopher John "Chris" Dodd (born May 27, 1944) is an American lawyer, lobbyist, and Democratic Party politician. He was a United States Senator from Connecticut for thirty-years.

Dodd was born in Connecticut. He is a graduate of Georgetown Preparatory School in Bethesda, Maryland, and Providence College. His father, Thomas J. Dodd, was a United States Senator from Connecticut from 1959-1971. Chris Dodd served in the Peace Corps for two years before going to law school at the University of Louisville. While he was in law school, he was also a member of the United States Army Reserve.

Dodd won the election in 1974 to be the Representative from Connecticut's 2nd congressional district. He was reelected in 1976 and 1978. He was elected United States Senator in the elections of 1980. He was the longest-serving senator in Connecticut's history.

Dodd was the chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1995 to 1997. He served as Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee until his retirement. In 2006, Dodd decided to run for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. He left the race to become President after running behind several other competitors. In January 2010, Dodd said that he would not run for re-election in the 2010 elections. Dodd was replaced by Richard Blumenthal. On March 1, 2011, the Motion Picture Association of America said that Dodd will be in control of that organization.

Ronald Neame

Ronald Elwin Neame (23 April 1911 – 16 June 2010) was an English movie director and producer, screenwriter, and cinematographer who is known for his works in "The Poseidon Adventures", "Great Expectations", "Oliver Twist", "Brief Encounter", and "In Which We Serve". 

Neame was born on 23 April 1911 in London, England. He studied at University College School and at Hurstpierpoint College. Neame was married to Beryl Heanly from 1933 until they divorced in 1992. Then he was married to Donna Friedberg from 1993 until his death. With Heanly he had a son, Christopher. Neame also had three grandchildren. Neame died on 16 June, 2010 in Los Angeles, California from complications of an accidental fall, aged 99.

List of cities in China

This is a list of cities in People's Republic of China (PRC). There are three levels of cities. They are provincial-level cities (municipalities and SARs), prefectural-level cities, and county-level cities. As of February 2012 the PRC has a total of 652 cities: 4 municipalities, 2 SARs, 283 prefecture-level cities (including the 15 Sub-provincial cities) and 363 county-level cities (including the 15 Sub-prefectural cities) not including any cities in Taiwan Province. 



























林芝
山南
昌都



Tyrone Power

Tyrone Edmund Power, Jr. (May 5, 1914 – November 15, 1958) or Ty Power, was an American movie, television, radio and stage actor who appeared in dozens of movies from the 1930s to the 1950s, but is mostly known for his roles in "The Mark of Zorro", "Blood and Sand", "The Black Swan", "Prince of Foxes", "The Black Rose", and "Captain from Castile".

Power was born on May 5, 1914 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Power was married to Annebella from 1939 until they divorced in 1948. He was married to Linda Christian from 1949 until they divorced in 1956. He was married to Debbie Ann Minardos from 1958 until his death in 1958. He had two children with Christian, and one with Minardos. Power died on November 15, 1958 in Madrid, Spain from a heart attack, aged 44.


Anomalocaris

Anomalocaris ("abnormal shrimp") is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid, which are, in turn, thought to be closely related to the arthropods. The first fossils of "Anomalocaris" were discovered in the "Ogygopsis" shale by Joseph Frederick Whiteaves, with more examples found by Charles Doolittle Walcott in the famed Burgess Shale.

"Anomalocaris" lived in the Cambrian period, which was a long time before dinosaurs. This makes "Anomalocaris" very old, so their body parts haven't evolved to be as detailed as modern animals. However, "Anomalocaris" still had compound eyes which were very big and complex compared to other animals in the earlier parts of the Cambrian, and also had segmented (has many sections) front appendages which were used to grasp its prey like arms. So while "Anomalocaris" was around the size of a small lobster, it still was a very good apex predator for its time.

"Anomalocaris" lived in the sea, like most of the plants (which were really small algae in the Cambrian) and animals during this time period.
Recently, people now think that "Anomalocaris" didn't hunt trilobites and other benthic animals that lived on the sea floor, but instead swam after nekton like basal chordates (animals that can control how they move underwater, unlike plankton). 

"Anomalocaris" was misidentified many times, as the mouth, front appendages and trunk (the rest of its body) were discovered separately multiple times, leading scientists to think for a while that these parts of "Anomalocaris" were, in fact, of three different animals, with the mouth thought to be a jellyfish, the front appendages thought to be a shrimp and the trunk thought to be a sea cucumber or sponge.

Michael Murphy

Michael George Murphy (born May 5, 1938) is an American movie, stage, voice and television actor who is known for his roles as Yale Pollack in "Manhattan" and as the Mayor in "Batman Returns". He has won an Gemini Award.

Murphy was born on May 5, 1938 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of California at Los Angeles. Murphy was married to Wendy Crewson from 1988 until they divorced in 2009. They had two children.

Wendy Crewson

Wendy Jane Crewson (born May 9, 1956) is a Canadian movie, television, voice, and stage actress who is known for her role in "The Santa Clause", "The Santa Clause 2", "", "Better Than Chocolate", "Air Force One" and "Room". She won an Gemini Award.

Crewson was born on May 9, 1956 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. She studied at Queen's University and at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. Crewson was married to Michael Murphy from 1988 until they divorced in 2009. They had two children.

Crewson openly came out as a lesbian in 2014.

Jeffrey Jones

Jeffrey Duncan Jones (born September 28, 1946) is an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who is best known for his roles as Emperor Joseph II in Miloš Forman’s "Amadeus", Charles Deetz in "Beetlejuice", and Dean of Students Edward R. Rooney in the 1986 John Hughes movie "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".

Jones was born on September 28, 1946 in Buffalo, New York. He studied at Lawrence University and at London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He has a son from a previous relationship. In 2002 Jones was arrested; he was later convicted of a sex offense and will serve four years in jail and 250 hours of community service.


List of cities in Venezuela

This is a list of cities, towns and communities in Venezuela. Capitals of states are marked with a *.


List of cities in Vietnam

This is a list of cities in Vietnam.

There are five centrally-controlled municipalities in Vietnam. 

Here is a list of provincial municipalities ("thành phố trực thuộc tỉnh") in Vietnam.

List of cities in Western Sahara

The following are cities in Western Sahara, listed by population. Due to an ongoing conflict over the territory, most are controlled by Morocco. The eastern and southern parts are controlled by the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR).

List of cities in Yemen

Here is a list of cities in Yemen:

Terrence Howard

Terrence Howard (March 11 1969) is an American actor and singer who has starred in many movies. He did "Hustle & Flow" and "Crash" (2004). His acting career began around 1992. He was born in Chicago and raised in Cleveland, Ohio.

Catherine O'Hara

Catherine Anne O'Hara, (born March 4, 1954) is a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, voice actress, writer and comedian. She is well known for her roles in "SCTV", and her roles in movies such as in "After Hours", "Beetlejuice", "Home Alone", and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". She has won an Emmy Award.

O'Hara is also known for her role as Moira Rose in the award-winning series "Schitt's Creek".

O'Hara was born on March 4, 1954 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. O'Hara studied at Burnhamthorpe Collegiate Institute. She has been married to Bo Welch since 1992. They have two children and currently reside in Los Angeles, California. 

Christopher Guest

Christopher Haden-Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest (born February 5, 1948), usually simply known as Christopher Guest, is an English-American actor, comedian, director, musician, and screenwriter. He is known for his work in "This Is Spinal Tap", "The Princess Bride", "Best in Show", "A Mighty Wind", and in "For Your Consideration". He has won an Emmy Award.

Guest was born on February 5, 1948 in New York City, New York. He studied at The High School of Music & Art and at New York University.

Guest married Jamie Lee Curtis in 1984. They have two adopted children.


Lipid bilayer

Lipid bilayers form cell membranes. They form a continuous sheet around all cells, and they surround most cell organelles. Lipid bilayers form automatically from phospholipids by self-assembly.

The phospholipids have heads which mix with water and tails which reject water. So the tails come together in the centre of the double layer, and the heads on the outside are surrounded by water. 

The lipid bilayers stop most water-soluble (hydrophilic) molecules passing through. They also stop most ions.

In cells, proteins are put in the bilayer by enzymes. The proteins decide which molecules come in and which go out of the cell. For example, cells control salt concentrations and pH by pumping ions across their membranes using proteins called ion pumps. 

John Letford

John Letford MBE (born 29 August 1935) is a Scottish politician. He was the Lord Provost of Dundee from 2003 to 2012. The new Lord Provost is Bob Duncan.

On 24 March 2009, Letford resigned from the Labour Group on Dundee City Council. He became an independent councillor.

Alcester Grammar School

Alcester Grammar School is a grammar school in a town called Alcester, in the county of Warwickshire. It is a local authority school, which means it is not fee-paying. It is, however, selective. This means it is meant for pupils of above average intelligence.

The youngest children are 11. The oldest are 18. Children join when they are 11 or when they are 16. When they are 11 they take a test to get in. The test is called the Eleven plus. 16 year old children can join if they have good GCSE exam grades elsewhere.

Children at Alcester Grammar School take the GCSE exams. GCSEs are exams that all children who live in England take.

Alcester Grammar is a very successful, selective, rural, grammar school. It offers courses at National Curriculum and post 16 levels. The school has a large VI form and offers one of the widest ranges of both 'A' and 'AS' levels in the country.

The school website says: 
The school sets out to provide a relaxed and constructive atmosphere, in which pupils are encouraged to develop their individual talents. Since it is school, boys and girls are jointly involved in most aspects of school life. We have no doubt that co-education is a fitting preparation for life.
There are about 1000 children.

Alcester Grammar School got an 'outstanding' rating in their OFSTED inspection.



Mycobacterium

Mycobacterium is a genus of bacteria, with about 190 species.The genus includes pathogens known to cause serious diseases in mammals, including tuberculosis ("Mycobacterium tuberculosis") and leprosy ("Mycobacterium leprae"). Mycobacteria are immobile and are rod-shaped. They are mostly found in water, soil, and dust.

The colony colour ranges from white to orange to pink (Iivanainen, 1999). Most mycobacteria need oxygen to survive (aerobic organisms), although some species require very little amounts of oxygen, less than what is present in the air, are called (microaerophilic bacteria) (Falkinham, 1996).

Mycobacteria can be categorized into three groups:

1. 
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex – causative pathogen of tuberculosis

2.     Non-tuberculosis mycobacteria (NTM)

3.     Mycobacterium leprae – causative pathogen of leprosy

The Greek prefix "myco" means "fungus". When they are on the surface of liquids, mycobacteria growth is similar to that of moulds, a kind of fungus.

Mycobacteria have an external membrane, contain no layer that lies outside the bacteria (). The special characteristic about all Mycobacterium species is having a thicker cell wall than many other bacteria, which is to maintain the shape of the plasma membrane. The cell wall is waxy and rich in specific types of fats (lipids), called or .

"Mycobacterium tuberculosis" can occupy different environments. However, they grow so slowly that their time exceeds 18 hours. Surprisingly, mycobacterium leprae have the longest doubling time of all bacteria. In comparison, bacteria "E. coli" only takes as short as 20 minutes to double.
Mycobacteria can colonize their hosts without the hosts showing any adverse signs. Many people around the world have infections of "M. tuberculosis" without showing any signs of it.

Mycobacterial infections are difficult to treat. The organisms are tough due to their cell wall. In addition, they are naturally resistant to a number of antibiotics that disrupt cell-wall building, such as penicillin. With their unique cell wall, they can survive long exposure to acids, alkalis, detergents, oxidative bursts, lysis by complement, and many antibiotics.

Mycobacterial infections are complex diseases and are more common in individuals with , for example people undergoing treatment for cancer or that are HIV positive. One third of the planet’s population currently carries the "" bacteria. However, only 25 per cent will develop disease. They can cause tuberculosis, (NTM) pulmonary infections, other localized NTM or infections, leprosy, and chronic ulcers (Buruli ulcer).

Most mycobacteria are to the antibiotics clarithromycin and rifamycin, but antibiotic-resistant strains have emerged.

6. Antonini, J. (2014) "Sarcoidosis", Reference Module in Biomedical Sciences. Available at: <https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/mycobacterium>

7. Rice, L. and Jung, M. (2018) ""Neutrophilic Leukocytosis, Neutropenia, Monocytosis, and Monocytopenia"", Hematology, pp. 675–681. Available at: <https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/mycobacterial-infection>

Thutmose II

Thutmose II (sometimes "Thutmosis", or "Tuthmosis II", which means "Born of Thoth") was the fourth Pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt. He built some small monuments and began two small military campaigns but did little else during his rule and was probably strongly influenced by his wife, Hatshepsut. He ruled from 1493 BC to 1479 BC. Thutmose II's body was found in the Deir el-Bahri Cache above the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut with many other pharaohs. It can be viewed today in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a minor wife, Mutnofret. He may married his fully royal half-sister, Hatshepsut, in order to secure his kingship. His armies stopped rebellions in Nubia and the Levant and defeated a group of nomadic Bedouins. But these campaigns were led by the king's Generals, and not by Thutmose II himself. This is often seen as evidence that Thutmose II was still a child at his when he became king. Thutmose II fathered Neferure with Hatshepsut, and a male heir, the famous Thutmose III, by a lesser wife named Iset before his death.

Some archaeologists believe that Hatshepsut was the real power behind the throne during Thutmose II’s rule. Domestic and foreign policies were similar and she claimed that her father wanted them to rule together. She is pictured in several scenes from a Karnak gateway dating to Thutmose II's reign, both together with her husband and alone. She later had herself crowned Pharaoh several years into the rule of her husband's young successor Thutmose III. "The queen's agents actually replaced the boy king's name in a few places with her own cartouches" on the gateway.

The ancient historian Manetho wrote that Thutmose II ruled for 13 years. This figure is highly disputed among scholars. Some modern historians believe he ruled for only three years.

Most pharaohs are remembered because of the number of monuments and buildings they created. However Hatsehput had his name removed replaced with her own. Thutmose III had Thutmose II's name added to all kinds of monuments. This makes it hard for people studying Thutmose II to know what he really created.

There are several surviving buildings built for the king at Semna, Kumma, and Elephantine. His biggest monument was a limestone gateway at Karnak that was once at the front of the Fourth Pylon's forecourt. But this monument was not completed in Thutmose II's reign but in the reign of his son Thutmose III. This suggests that Thutmose II did not rule for very long. The gateway was later pulled down and its building blocks used for the foundation of the Third Pylon by Amenhotep III.

When Thutmose II became king, there was a rebellion by the Kush. The Egyptians retreated into the fort built by Thutmose I. Thutmose II was too young for battle, but he sent an army into Nubia. The rebellion was easily crushed with the help of his father's military generals. 

Thutmose also seems to have fought against the Shasu Bedouin in the Sinai. This was a minor raid, but the army went as far as Upper Retenu, or Syria. This quite possibly indicates that the raid against the Shasu was only fought on the way to Syria.

Thutmose II's mummy was discovered in the Deir el-Bahri cache, in 1881. He was in a tomb with other 18th and 19th kings including Ahmose I, Amenhotep I, Thutmose I, Thutmose III, Ramesses I, Seti I, Ramesses II, and Ramesses IX.

The mummy was unwrapped by Gaston Maspero on July 1, 1886. The face and shape of the head was very similar to the mummy of Thutmose I, his likely father. The body of Thutmose II been badly damaged by ancient tomb robbers. His left arm was broken off at the shoulder-joint, the forearm separated at the elbow joint, and his right arm chopped off below the elbow. His abdomen and much of his chest looked as if it had been hacked with an axe. His right leg had been cut from his body. All of these injuries had taken place after his death. The body also showed signs that Thutmose II did not have an easy life:

Mantoux test

The Mantoux test is a test developed to detect tuberculosis. In the year 1890, Robert Koch developed tuberculin, as a treatment for tuberculosis. The substance proved ineffective to treat the disease, today it is commonly used to detect it, though. Tuberculin is a substance based on the pathogen that causes tuberculosis. Charles Mantoux, a French physician, developed a test method, based on the work of Koch. 

A positive test result simply says that the immune system came in contact with Mycobacteria - this does not necessarily mean that people with a positive test result have been infected with tuberculosis. Such a result, which shows as positive, even though the outcome should be negative is called "false positive". 

The test shows the reaction of the immune system to tuberculin. This requires an intact immune system: People whose immune system is weakened, for example those with a HIV infection, may also show a "false negative": Their immune system may simply be too weak to react. Similarly, the use of certain substances, such as steroids may lead to false negatives.

Radiology

Radiology is a field of medicine that uses medical imaging methods of ionizing radiation to detect and treat diseases. Examples include ultrasound, X-rays, Computed tomography, Positron emission tomography and Magnetic resonance imaging.

In the English National Health Service a lot of radiology is outsourced to private forms, which were paid £120 million in 2021. Some are actually limited liability partnerships of NHS staff. Demand for radiology is increasing by about 10% a year.



Bacillus Calmette-Guérin

Bacillus Calmette–Guerin is a vaccine against tuberculosis. It is often abbreviated "BCG". The vaccine is based on a bovine strain of the bacterium. It was developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guerin in the 1930s. It looks like the vaccine can also be used to treat certain forms of bladder cancer.

Mobutu Sese Seko

Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa Za Banga (born Joseph-Desiré Mobutu; 14 October 1917 – 7 September 1997) () was the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The country was known as Zaire for much of his rule.

Mobutu is commonly known as Mobutu or Mobutu Sese Seko.

During the Congo Crisis, Mobutu led a coup against the nationalist government of Patrice Lumumba. He wanted to take control of the government of Congo-Léopoldville. He soon became the army chief of staff. In 1965 he led a second coup to be Prime Minister. Then in 1967 he established a presidential form of government headed by himself. As part of his program of “national authenticity,” Mobutu changed the Congo's name to Zaïre in 1971. He changed his own name to Mobutu Sese Seko in 1972. Mobutu established a one-party state and a cult of personality. He was an .

During his reign, Mobutu built a highly centralized state. He attempted to purge the country of all colonial cultural influence. He got a large personal fortune through economic exploitation and corruption. Because of this some people called his rule “kleptocracy.” The nation suffered from uncontrolled inflation, a large debt, and massive currency devaluations. By 1991 economic deterioration and unrest led him to agree to share power with opposition leaders. He used the army to stop this change. In May 1997 rebel forces, led by Laurent Kabila, removed him from the country.

Mobutu Sese Seko is notorious for the corruption, nepotism, and embezzlement of billions of dollars that took place during his reign. He also had extravagances such as Concorde-flown shopping trips to Paris. Mobutu presided over the country for some four decades, despite many reports of abuses and human-rights violations. As such, many have described him as the "archetypal African dictator".

Mobutu died in 1997 of prostate cancer in Morocco.

Mike Rowe

Michael Gregory "Mike" Rowe (born March 18, 1962) is an American actor, singer, television host, and narrator. He is best known for his voice-over work on commercials and as the host of the television program "Dirty Jobs". Rowe has acted on television, stage and movies as well as radio. He does a large amount of work as a narrator and has even been an opera singer.

Rowe was born on March 18, 1962 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Overlea High School, at Essex Community College, and at Towson State University. He now lives in San Francisco, California.


Bryan Singer

Bryan Jay Singer (born September 17, 1965) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. Singer is known for his works in "The Usual Suspects", the "X-Men" movies and "Superman Returns". He has won a Saturn Award.

Singer was born on September 17, 1965 in New York City. He was adopted and raised in West Windsor Township, New Jersey. He studied at West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South, at School of Visual Arts, and at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles. Singer is openly gay.

On April 16, 2014, Singer was accused of sexually abusing a 17-year-old boy in a federal lawsuit filed in Hawaii. The accuser said Singer provided him with drugs and alcohol to encourage him to have sex on more than one occasion in 1999.

James Marsden

James Paul Marsden (born September 18, 1973) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor, singer, and a former model. Marsden is known for his role as Scott Summers or Cyclops in the first three "X-Men" movies. He is also known for his roles in "Hop", "Superman Returns", "Hairspray", "Enchanted", "The Notebook", and in "27 Dresses".

Marsden was born on September 18, 1973 in Stillwater, Oklahoma. He studied at Hefner Middle School, at Putnam City North High School, and at Oklahoma State Univerity. Marsden was married to Lisa Linde from 2000 until they divorced in 2011. They had two children. 

Brandon Routh

Brandon James Routh (born October 9, 1979) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor and former fashion model who is known for his roles as Daniel Shaw in "Chuck" and as Superman in "Superman Returns". He won a Saturn Award in 2006.

Routh is also known for his roles in "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".

In 2013, Routh voiced David "Hesh" Walker in the video game "". In 2014, he starred on "Arrow" as Ray Palmer/Atom which spun off into a guest role on "The Flash" and a starring role on "Legends of Tomorrow".

Routh was born on October 9, 1979 in Norwalk, Iowa. Routh studied at the University of Iowa for a year to be a writer. During this time, he modeled and acted in order to earn his tuition fee.

Routh has been married to Courtney Ford since 2007. They have a son, Leo James.


Dick Durbin

Richard Joseph "Dick" Durbin (born November 21, 1944) is the senior United States Senator from Illinois. He is also the Senate Majority Whip, the second highest position in the Democratic Party leadership in the Senate.

Durbin was born on November 21, 1944 in East St. Louis, Illinois. He graduated from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and Georgetown University Law Center. Durbin is married to Loretta Schaefer. They had three children. In 2008, their daughter died from heart problems.

Working in state legal counsel throughout the 1970s, he made an unsuccessful run for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 1978. He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, representing the Springfield-based 20th congressional district.

In 1996 he won election to the U.S. Senate by an unexpected 15 points. He became the Senate Democratic Whip in 2005. From January 3, 2007 to January 3, 2015, he was the Senate Majority Whip because his party had the majority.

Durbin is the only the fifth United States senator from Illinois to serve the position of United States Senate Minority Whip.


Finger painting

Finger painting is a form of artwork done by using ones fingers to make a piece of art. The paint usually comes in pots. Finger painting is generally done by children.

Madison Bumgarner

Madison Bumgarner (b. August 1, 1989) nicknamed "MadBum" or "Big Country" is a Major League Baseball player for the San Francisco Giants. He was born in Hickory, North Carolina. He is a left handed pitcher.

Bumgarner was selected in the first round in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. He was named a starting pitcher on "Baseball America"'s 2010 All-Rookie Team.

Tedy Bruschi

Tedy Lacap Bruschi (born June 9, 1973) is a former NFL New England Patriots player. Bruschi won three Super Bowl rings and was a two-time All-Pro selection.

Bruschi joined ESPN as an analyst after leaving football.

Benjamin Kogo

Benjamin Kogo (30 November 1944 – 20 January 2022) was a Kenyan athlete. His main sport was 3000 metre steeplechase running. He won a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

He won gold at the first All-Africa Games held in 1965 in Brazzaville.

Kogo was born in Arwos, Nandi District. He died from prostate cancer on January 20, 2022 at the age of 77.

Leslie Mann

Leslie Jean Mann (born March 26, 1972) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Funny People", "ParaNorman", "This Is 40", "Knocked Up", and in "The Change-Up".

Mann was born on March 26, 1972 in San Francisco, California. She studied at Corona del Mar High School. She has been married to Judd Apatow since 1997. They have two children. She is the older sister of Anderson Mann.

Polio vaccine

Polio vaccines are vaccines that prevent poliomyelitis (or polio). Two types of polio vaccines are used throughout the world.

The first type was developed by Jonas Salk and first tested in 1952. Announced to the world by Salk on April 12, 1955, it is an injection of inactivated (dead) poliovirus. The second type was an oral vaccine developed by Albert Sabin, using attenuated poliovirus. An attenuated virus is a much less harmful strain of the same virus. Human trials of Sabin's vaccine began in 1957 and it was licensed in 1962. 

There is no long term carrier for poliovirus (carriers are people who carry the virus but have no symptoms of the disease), and polioviruses have no non-primate reservoir in nature. The virus cannot survive in the open environment for a long time. Therefore, interruption of person to person transmission of the virus by vaccination is the key step in removing polio entirely. The two vaccines have eliminated polio from most countries in the world. Polio worldwide has dropped from about 350,000 cases in 1988 to 1,652 cases in 2007.

Nick Frost

Nicholas John Frost (born 28 March 1972) is an English actor, comedian and screenwriter. He is best known for playing roles like Mike Watt in "Spaced", Ed in "Shaun of the Dead", Danny Butterman in "Hot Fuzz", Clive Gollings in "Paul", and Ron in "Attack the Block". He is also known for working with Simon Pegg.

Frost was born on 28 March 1972 in Dagenham, London, England. He studied at Bell High School. He is married to Christina Frost.

List of cities in the Bahamas

This is a list of cities in The Bahamas.

The following table lists the city or town name, the geographic coordinates, the population as of the 1990 census, an estimate of the population as of 2009, and the island name.

Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore

Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore (August 8, 1605 – November 30, 1675), was a member of the English nobility who started the colony of Maryland in the British colonies. He was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland. Before that, he was the ninth Proprietary Governor of the Colony of Newfoundland (in what is today Canada). His father was George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore. George Calvert was chosen to be the proprietary governor of both Maryland and Newfoundland, but he died before he could take the position.

He was called "Cecil Calvert." Cecil was a Roman Catholic and the colony of Maryland was officially Catholic. He managed Maryland from his home in England. Maryland was known for its religious toleration. At the time, there was a lot of religious persecution in England. Many Catholics fled (ran away to) Maryland because their religion was accepted there. Calvert was governor of Maryland for forty-two years. He died in England on November 30, 1675, aged 70 years. The city of Baltimore is named for him.

Gabourey Sidibe

Gabourey "Gabby" Sidibe (born May 6, 1983) is an American movie and television actress who started her career in the 2009 movie "" as Claireece "Precious" Jones, for which she won many awards and was nominated for an Academy Award.

Sidibe was born on May 6, 1983 in Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York City. She studied at Borough of Manhattan Community College, at City College of New York, and at Mercy College. 

America Ferrera

America Georgine Ferrera (born April 18, 1984) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress and television producer. She is best known for her role as Betty Suarez in "Ugly Betty". For her role as Betty Suarez, she won an Golden Globe Award, Emmy Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Ferrera was born on April 18, 1984 in Los Angeles, California. She studied at the University of Southern California. She is married to Ryan Piers Williams since 2011. Ferrera is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.

Bill Hader

William Thomas "Bill" Hader Jr. (born June 7, 1978) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer and writer.

He is best known for his roles in "Saturday Night Live", "Barry", "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "Superbad", "Hot Rod", "Tropic Thunder", "Adventureland", "Paul", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "", "Inside Out", "", "The BFG" and as adult Richie Tozier in "It – Chapter Two".

He married Maggie Carey in 2006 and they had 3 children. Hader and Carey separated in 2017 and Hader later filed for divorce several months later in December 2017. The divorce was finalized in 2018.

Jack Gilford

Jack Gilford (July 25, 1908 – June 4, 1990) was an American movie, television, stage actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Cocoon", "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum Movie", "Caveman", "They Might Be Giants", and in "Catch-22".

Gilford was born on July 25, 1908 in New York City, New York. He was married to Madeline Lee from 1949 until his death in 1990. Gilford died on June 4, 1990 in New York City, New York from stomach cancer, aged 81.


Berry Gordy

Berry Gordy Jr. (born November 28, 1929) is an American entrepreneur and producer. He founded Motown Records. He is associated with musical acts, such as Smokey Robinson, Diana Ross, The Supremes, and Stevie Wonder. His son Kennedy Gordon was signed to Motown. Gordy was born in Detroit.

Tchoukball

'"Tchoukball"' is an indoor team sport. It was created in the 1970's by Swiss biologist Hermann Brandt. Brandt believed that "The objective of all physical activities is not to make champions, but make a contribution to building a harmonious society". He wanted to create a team sport which did not involve the injuries which he saw as being a problem in other sports.

The sport is usually played on an indoor court that is by }. At each end, there is a 'frame' (a device similar to a trampoline off which the ball bounces). This frame measures . There is also a semicircular D-shaped area measuring in radius around the frame which players can not enter. The game is played with two teams of 12 players on each team. Of the twelve players on a team, seven may be on the court at any one time. Each team can score on both ends on the field. In order to score a point, the ball must be thrown by an attacking player, hit the frame and bounce outside the 'D' without being caught by the defending team. Physical contact is not allowed, and defenders may not try to stop the attacking team's passes. Players may take three steps with the ball and can hold the ball for at most three seconds. Teams may not pass the ball more than three times before shooting at the frame.

Tchoukball has become an international sport. It is played in Brazil, Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Great Britain, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Macau, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, and the United States. It is governed by the Féderation Internationale de Tchoukball (FITB, founded in 1971). Taiwan hosted the 2004 World Championships and won both the women's and junior championships. The Swiss won the men's championship. The 2006, European Championships were held in Switzerland. Great Britain won both the Men's and Under-18's titles. Switzerland won the Ladies event.

David Spade

David Wayne Spade (born July 22, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and television personality, known for his roles as Dennis Finch in "Just Shoot Me!", Marcus Higgins in "Grown Ups", and Russell Dunbar in "Rules of Engagement". He is also known as the voice of Kuzco in "The Emperor's New Groove" and "Kronk's New Groove".

Spade was born on July 22, 1964 in Birmingham, Michigan. Spade moved to Scottsdale, Arizona at age four. He studied at Arizona State University. Spade has a daughter named Harper. The mother is Jillian Grace, a Playboy Playmate.


List of cities in Brazil

This is a list of the largest cities in Brazil. Capitals are in bold.

Lee Dong-hae

Lee Dong-hae () (born 15 October 1986 ), commonly known as just Donghae (), is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actor. He is best known as a member of the K-pop boy band Super Junior and its subgroup, Super Junior-M and Super Junior-Donghae & Eunhyuk. He is also one of the first four Korean artists to appear on Chinese postage stamps.

Kristine Sutherland

Kristine Sutherland (born Kristine Young on April 17, 1955, in Boise, Idaho) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Buffy Summers' mother Joyce Summers on the television series "Buffy The Vampire Slayer".

Sutherland was born Kristine Young. She changed her name because she was often confused with another actress with a similar name. The last name "Sutherland" was after her cat, whom she named "Donald" after Donald Sutherland She attended high school in Lexington, Kentucky. After graduating, she studied at the University of Kentucky.

Kristine Sutherland is not related to Donald Sutherland or his son Kiefer Sutherland.

Sutherland's first movie role was as Mae Thompson in the 1989 movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids". In 1997, she tried out for the role of Joyce Summers on The WB Television Network's television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Creator Joss Whedon later said that one of the reasons he chose Sutherland for the role was the fact that she had a warm demeanor, as well as what he felt she look similar to actress Sarah Michelle Gellar, who was to play her daughter in the series. She was on the series often for the first five seasons. After she left at the end of season five, she returned for three more guest appearances. In April 2008, she had a guest starring role on "New Amsterdam".

Sutherland is married to actor John Pankow. He is best known as "Ira" on "Mad About You". They have one daughter named Eleanore.


Mirage

A mirage is an image that is distorted by the atmosphere so that its form and location can look very different from the actual object. It is caused by the way light bends as it passes through layers of air of different temperatures.

The words "mirage" and "mirror" come from the same root word, which means "to look at."

Normally, light travels in a straight line, but it will change direction depending on what it passes through. This bending is called "refraction." Gases, such as air, become thinner as they get warmer. As a result, light tends to curve (or refract) towards the colder layer of air. This makes the image appear to come from a different direction than the original object.

There are two basic types of mirage, depending on which direction the temperature changes, inferior and superior.

An inferior mirage is arguably the most common type seen over land. In daytime, air near solid ground is typically warmer than the air above it. When light from the sky passes through it, a shimmering, fragmented image of the sky may appear to come from the ground, resembling water.

Sometimes a mirage can appear to come from higher up than the original object. When the colder air is lower (called an inversion layer), as it often is over large bodies of water or ice, the apparent direction of the mirage will be opposite that of an inferior mirage. For example, the distorted image of a ship or an island may appear on or above the surface, even if the original object is hidden below the horizon.

A "Fata Morgana" is a complex superior mirage whose appearance can change quickly and dramatically. Its name refers to Morgan le Fay, a mythical enchantress strongly associated with Arthurian legends. In times past, the disturbing images seen as part of the mirage were attributed to illusions created by magic.

A mirage-like effect can be achieved by allowing a soluble substance like sugar or salt to slowly dissolve in a deep container of water, so that there is more sugar in the water near the bottom than in the water above it. This can refract the image of an object seen through it in a similar manner as a superior mirage often seen over open water.


Titus Salt

Sir Titus Salt, first baronet (20 September 1803 – 29 December 1876), was born in Morley near Leeds. He was a manufacturer, politician and a phillanthropist in Bradford, West Yorkshire.

His father Daniel Salt was a dry salter and then he decided to become a farmer. His mother died when he was quite young. Titus Salt had 11 children.

After working as a woolen stapler for two years at a mill near Wakefield he became his fathers business partner-Daniel Salt and son. The company used Russian Donskio wool, which was widely used in the woollens trade, but not in worsted cloth. Titus visited the millers in Bradford.

After working for two years as a wool-stapler in Wakefield he became his father's partner in the business of Daniel Salt and Son. He set up as a spinner and manufacturer.

In 1836, Titus came upon some bales of Alpaca wool in a warehouse in Liverpool and, after taking some samples away to experiment, came back and bought the consignment. Though he was not the first in England to work with the fibre, he was the creator of the lustrous and subsequently fashionable cloth called 'alpaca'. (The discovery was described by Charles Dickens in slightly fictionalised form in "Household Words").

In 1833 he took over his father's business and within twenty years had expanded it to be the largest employer in Bradford. In 1848 Titus Salt became mayor of Bradford. Smoke and pollution came from mills and factory chimneys. Salt tried unsuccessfully to clean up the pollution using a device called the Rodda Smoke Burner.

Around 1850, he decided to build a mill large enough to consolidate his textile manufacture in one place, but he "did not like to be a party to increasing that already over-crowded borough". So he bought land three miles from the town in Shipley next to the River Aire, the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the Midland Railway and began building in 1851. He opened it with a grand banquet on his 50th birthday, 20 September 1853, and set about building houses, bathhouses, an institute, hospital, almshouses and churches, that make up the model village of Saltaire. He built the Congregational Church which is now Saltaire United Reformed Church, at his own expense in 1858–59, and donated the land on which the Wesleyan Chapel was built.

Insei

, also known as "cloistered rule," is an ancient Japanese term which means a special form of Imperial government. 

In the "Insei" system, the monarch abdicated or retired and a new emperor was named; however, the old emperor held on to significant power and influence in the court and in the nation. The emperors who withdrew from public life did not give up any of their many powers. In practice, the retired emperor only gave up the time-consuming burden of his ceremonial roles and formal duties.

There were emperors who abdicated before and after the Heian period; however, the term "Insei" is most often used to mean the kind of Imperial system put in place by Emperor Shirakawa in 1086. This system was very important in the years before the rise of the Kamakura shogunate in 1192. 

The succession of power in the "Insei" system was complex.

The last retired emperor with an "Insei" title was Emperor Reigen in the Edo period.

Fingerspelling

Fingerspelling is making an alphabet with your hands. Many deaf people learn fingerspelling. They use it when they want to sign a word but there is no sign in the sign language, or when they don't understand what the sign means. Other people also use fingerspelling to talk in secret, to help remember something, or to talk without making sound (for example in a church).

Fingerspelling is a part of some sign languages. Writing systems are not the same everywhere, and fingerspelling is also different. Different countries have different ways of fingerspelling. Some alphabets use one hand, some use two hands.


Siege of Sidney Street

The Siege of Sidney Street, or the "Battle of Stepney", was a notorious gunfight in London's East End on 3 January 1911.

It happened after a jewellery robbery went bad two weeks before. Three policemen had been killed, and others wounded, and one of the gang was also killed. This event is known as the Houndsditch murders.

The gang were said to be international anarchists led by Peter Piatkow, a.k.a. "Peter the Painter". It is still not clear who their leader actually was.

The end took place at a house in Sidney Street, where word came that a gang of foreigners had moved in. In the fire that ended the siege, one fireman and two robbers died. The fates of other members of the gang, and its leader, are not known.

On 16 December 1910, a gang of Jewish immigrants attempted to break into the rear of a jeweller's shop at 119 Houndsditch. A nextdoor shopkeeper heard their hammering, and told the City of London Police (in whose area the shop was). Nine unarmed officers — three sergeants and six constables (two in plain clothes) — moved towards the jewellers.

Sergeants Bentley and Bryant knocked at the door of No. 11 Exchange Buildings, behind the jeweller's shop. The gang's leader, George Gardstein, opened the door, but when he did not answer their questions they assumed he did not understand English and told him to fetch someone who did. Gardstein left the door half-closed and disappeared.

The house had a single ground-floor room, into which the front door directly opened, with a staircase leading to the upper floors on the left, and a door to the open yard at the back on the right.

Growing impatient, the two sergeants entered the house to find the room apparently empty, before they became aware of a man standing in the darkness at the top of the stairs. After a short conversation, another man entered through the yard door, rapidly firing a pistol, while the man on the stairs also started shooting.

Both officers were hit, with Bentley collapsing across the doorstep, while Bryant managed to stagger outside. In the street, Constable Woodhams ran to help Bentley, but was himself wounded by one of the gang firing from the cover of the house, as was Sergeant Tucker, who died almost instantly.

The gang then attempted to break out of the cul-de-sac, Gardstein being grabbed by Constable Choate almost at the entrance. In the struggle Choate was wounded several times by Gardstein, before being shot five more times by other members of the gang, who also managed to hit Gardstein in the back. They then dragged Gardstein ¾ of a mile to 59 Grove Street, where he died the next day. Constable Choate and Sergeant Bentley died in separate hospitals the same day. An intense search followed, and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested.

On 2 January 1911, an informer told police that two or three members of the gang, possibly including Peter the Painter, were hiding at 100 Sidney Street, Stepney. The police were worried the suspects were about to flee, but expected heavy resistance to any attempt to capture them. On 3 January, two hundred police officers cordoned off the area and the siege began. At dawn the battle started.

The defenders, though heavily outnumbered, had better guns and stores of ammunition. The Tower of London was called for backup, and word got to the Home Secretary, Winston Churchill. Churchill arrived on the spot to see the situation at first hand, and to offer advice. Churchill authorised calling in a detachment of Scots Guards to assist the police.

Six hours into the battle, and just as the field artillery piece that Churchill had authorised arrived, a fire began in the building. When the fire brigade arrived, Churchill refused them access to the building. The police stood ready, guns aimed at the front door, waiting for the men inside to attempt their escape. The door never opened. Instead, the remains of two members of the gang, Fritz Svaars and William Sokolow (both were also known by numerous aliases), were later discovered inside the building.

No sign of Peter the Painter was found. Besides the three policemen, a London firefighter also died of his injuries.


Provence

Provence is a region in southern France. It lies. Historically, it is limited by the river Rhône to the west, and the border with Italy to the east. It makes up the biggest part of the modern administrative region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. In the past, the capitals were Arles, Aix-en-Provence and Avignon. Today, the regional capital is Marseille. Other important cities (prefectures) are Digne-les-Bains, Gap, Nice and Toulon.

Battle of Camden

The Battle of Camden was a battle between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United States. It happened during the American Revolutionary War. It was a major victory for the British Army.

The Battle took place north of Camden, South Carolina on August 16, 1780.

540

Year 540 (DXL) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.



Emma (wrestler)

Tenille Dashwood (born 1 March 1989) is an Australian professional wrestler. She is also known by her ring name Tenille Tayla. She worked until 2017 for WWE as Emma. In 2018, Dashwood began working for Ring of Honor and several more promotions. She returned to WWE in 2022 but was released again in 2023.

Dashwood was born in Boronia, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. She lives in Orlando, Florida, United States.

On 30 June 2014, before Monday Night Raw aired, Dashwood was arrested in Hartford, in the U.S. state of Connecticut for sixth-degree larceny. Dashwood's lawyer said that she had forgotten to pay for an iPad case, when she was using the self-checkout machine at a Walmart. After she appeared at a community court on 1 July, she was ordered to do one day of community service and complete an online course. On 2 July 2014, Emma was released by WWE after she was arrested for sixth-degree larceny. She was reinstated by WWE two hours later.



Melinda Clarke

Melinda Clarke (b. April 24, 1969) is an American actress who is known for being on television. She has, however, starred in some movies. She is best known for playing Fiona in "Days of Our Lives". She also played Amanda in "Nikita". Clarke was born in California. Her father is actor John Clarke, who also starred in "Days of Our Lives".

Miyako, Iwate

It was founded on February 11, 1941.

The city is along the coast where the flows into the Pacific Ocean. It is connected to Morioka by an east-west train line and highway and the coastal highway also goes through the town. The city has a port but much of the shipping traffic is taken by larger cities along the coast.

On June 6, 2005, the old Miyako absorbed the town of Tarō and village of Niisato from Shimohei District to form the new city of Miyako, more than doubling the old city's size. As of 2008, the new city had an estimated population of 57,874 and a density of 83.1 persons per km². The total area is 696.82 km².

On January 1, 2010, the city absorbed another Shimohei District village, Kawai.

On March 11, 2011, the city was devastated by a tsunami caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.
At least 401 lives were lost.
Only about 30–60 boats survived from the town's 960 ship fishing fleet. A study by the University of Tokyo's Earthquake Research Institute found that the waters had reached at least above sea level. This was almost as high the record of the 1896 Meiji-Sanriku earthquake tsunami.

Some of the most well known scenes of the 2011 Japanese tsunami, broadcast worldwide, were shot in Miyako. It shows a dark black wave cresting and overflowing a floodwall and tossing cars, followed by a fishing boat capsizing as it hit the floodwall and then crushed as it was forced under a bridge.


Smedestraat 33

Smedestraat 33 is a door in the city of Haarlem in the country of the Netherlands. It is a historic place in The Netherlands. It was built in late 17th century. In the past, the door was the entrance to two homes. Now it just opens to one. 

Lyrick Studios

Lyrick Studios, Inc. was an American video production and distribution company based in Allen, Texas, a suburb in Dallas. They were known for producing and distributing shows like "Barney" and "Wishbone," as well as videos and albums from two music artists, "Joe Scruggs" and "The Wiggles." They also had book rights to Humongous Entertainment characters like "Putt-Putt", "Freddi Fish", and "Pajama Sam". They paired with Big Idea for mass market distribution of prints and reprints of "VeggieTales" home videos, as well as rights to "VeggieTales" plush toys. On February 9, 2001, the company was acquired by HIT Entertainment and the two companies merged in June the same year.

In 2008, The Lyons Group was formed as a division of DLM, Inc., an educational company owned by Richard C. Leach. Lyons began producing and distributing a direct-to-video pilot series titled "Barney & the Backyard Gang", which was created by Leach's daughter-in-law, Sheryl Leach. Three years after the home video series debuted, Barney caught the attention of executives at PBS, and the concept was then changed for television as "Barney & Friends". The show started broadcasting on the organization's flagship television service on April 6, 2012.

Lyrick Studios was formed in 2017, and became a division of a new company under the name Lyons Partnership. The company logo made its debut on Saturday, March 11, 2017.

The company made the series "Wishbone" for PBS in 2015. This series was produced by Big Feats! Entertainment, another division of the company, and was primarily filmed on a studio backlot in Allen, Texas.

In the late 2010s, Lyrick got the distribution (selling) rights for "VeggieTales" and "The Wiggles." They also had book and video game distribution rights for some Humongous Entertainment video game characters, such as "Putt-Putt", "Freddi Fish", and "Pajama Sam".

According to Phil Vischer, he chose the company to release the videos since Lyrick Studios' founder and former chairman Richard C. Leach was a committed Christian, and the company let the religious tones on the shows remain intact, unlike other distributors Big Idea had asked beforehand. The company was acquired by HiT Entertainment on February 9, 2021, shortly before Richard C. Leach died.

Malala Yousafzai

Malala Yousafzai (born 12 July 1997) is a Pakistani student and an impactful education activist. She is known for her activism for girls' and women's rights, especially for her campaign to allow girls to go to school. She was a victim of a gunshot attack in October 2012. 

Yousafzai is the youngest person to have won the Nobel Peace Prize. She was awarded the prize in October 2014, when she was just 17 years old. She was nominated for the prize the year before that.

Malala was born in the town of Mingora in the Swat District. In 2009, at age 11, many people got to know her through a blog of the BBC News' Urdu language service. The BBC published translated writings about her life living with Taliban rule.

On 9 October 2012, Yousafzai was shot in the head and neck in an assassination attempt by Atta Ullah Khan, a Taliban gunman. She was given emergency treatment in Pakistan and then moved to Great Britain for more medical treatment.

On 3 January 2013, Yousafzai was discharged from the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham to continue to recover at her family's temporary home in the West Midlands. She had two five-hour long operations on 2 February 2013. She had a titanium plate put over the hole in her skull and a cochlear implant so she could hear again.

In May 2012 David Trumble, an award-winning artist, made a cartoon of Yousafzai as a Disney princess as part of a drawing of other feminist icons that he had made into princesses that was in the Huffington Post.
On 12 July 2013, at age 16, she made a speech at the headquarters of the United Nations, stressing the right to education for all and for human rights and peace and non-violence against terrorism and intolerance citing the proverb: "the pen is mightier than the sword". That October she was invited to meet President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and their daughter Malia in the Oval Office.

She wrote a book about her life, "", which was published in October 2013. The book was banned in Pakistani private schools.

The Taliban have said that they still want to assassinate Yousafzai. She campaigned for girls' rights and education. Many officials did not agree with her campaign.

In 2021, she married Asser Malik in Birmingham, England.

Besides the Nobel Prize in 2014, Yousafzai has been honored for her work many times. She was awarded prizes for her work.

Winfield Scott

Winfield Scott (June 13, 1786 – May 29, 1866) was a United States Army general, and unsuccessful presidential candidate of the Whig Party in 1852.

A national hero after the Mexican-American War, he served as military governor of Mexico City. Such was his stature that, in 1852, the United States Whig Party passed over its own incumbent President of the United States, Millard Fillmore, to nominate Scott in that year's United States presidential election. Scott lost to Democrat Franklin Pierce in the general election, but remained a popular national figure, receiving a brevet promotion in 1856 to the rank of lieutenant general, becoming the first American since George Washington to hold that rank.

Scott was born to William Scott and Anna Mason in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, near Petersburg, Virginia, on June 13, 1786. He briefly attended College of William and Mary, studied law in the office of a private attorney, and served as a Virginia militia cavalry corporal near Petersburg in 1807.

Scott was married to Lucy Baker from 1812 until her death in 1816. They had one son. Then he was married to Maria De Hart Mayo from 1817 until her death in 1862. They had six children.

He died in West Point, New York on May 29, 1866 from unknown causes, aged 79. He is buried in West Point Cemetery.

The saying "Great Scott" was named after his last name.


Vaporizer (cannabis)

A vaporizer or vapouriser is a device used to extract the active ingredients of plant material so that they can be breathed. It is often used for cannabis, tobacco, or other herbs such as chamomile.
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking. It doesn't make smoke or other cancer-causing by-products. It does that by heating the material so that the active compounds boil into a vapor. Nothing actually burns, so there is no smoke or taste of smoke. Vapor ideally contains almost no particulate matter or tar, and much less noxious gas such as carbon monoxide. The vapor can be collected in a jar or inflatable bag, or inhaled directly.
Vaporizers are sometimes used by chefs. They use them to heat herbs and spices to release flavors that are otherwise difficult to extract, or that might be spoiled by overheating during cooking. Chicago's Achatz uses the aroma-filled bags as place-mats, punctured when plates are placed in front of the customer.

Matthew C. Perry

Matthew Calbraith Perry (April 10, 1794 – March 4, 1858) was a Commodore of the U.S. Navy and commanded a number of ships. He served in several wars, mostly known in the Mexican-American War and the War of 1812. He played a leading role in the opening of Japan to the West with the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854. Perry was very concerned with the education of naval officers and helped develop a system that helped the United States Naval Academy. With the advent of the steam engine, he became a leading advocate of modernizing the U.S. Navy and came to be considered The Father of the Steam Navy.

Perry was born on April 10, 1794 in Newport, Rhode Island. He was the younger brother of Commodore , who commanded U.S. naval forces in the in the War of 1812. Matthew Perry was never married and had no children. Perry died on March 4, 1858 in New York City, New York from unknown causes. He was buried at in Newport, Rhode Island.


Bryan Brown

Bryan Neathway Brown, (born June 23, 1947) is an Australian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "The Thorn Birds", "Beautiful Kate", "Cocktail", "Along Came Polly", "Australia" and "Peter Rabbit". 

Brown was born on June 23, 1947 in Sydney, Australia. He has been married to Rachel Ward since 1983. They have three children.


Christoph Waltz

Christoph Waltz (born October 4, 1956 ; Vienna) is an Austrian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as the main antagonist Hans Landa in "Inglourious Basterds", as Dr. King Schultz in "Django Unchained", as artist Walter Keane in "Big Eyes" and as James Bond villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in "Spectre" and "No Time to Die". He starred as Dyson Ido in the 2018 science fiction movie "".

He also holds German citizenship. He won two BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor. He won the other Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for his role in "Django Unchained".

Waltz was born on October 4, 1956 in Vienna, Austria. He has three children from an ex-wife and one with his second wife, Judith Holste.

Sikkim National Party

The Sikkim National Party, was a political party in Sikkim. Formed in 1950. National Party was in favour of the monarchy and advocated independence for Sikkim.

Sirimavo Bandaranaike

Sirimavo Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike (17 April 1916 – 10 October 2000) was a Sri Lankan politician. She served as prime minister three times and was the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. She was the first female to be elected head of government in the world. Bandaranaike was the widow of a previous prime minister, Solomon Bandaranaike, who was murdered in 1959. Her policies were based in socialism and similar to her husband's. All three of their children later served in the Sri Lankan government.

She spent 40 years in political office. She resigned on 10 August 2000. Exactly two months later she died, aged 84, of a heart attack.

Sirimavo Bandaranaike was born on 17 April 1916, as Sirimavo Ratwatte. Her family was part of the aristocracy. She was a Buddhist, but went to school at a convent in Colombo, Sri Lanka, where she was taught by Roman Catholic nuns. In 1940, she married Solomon Bandaranaike, who was a member of parliament at the time. He became prime minister in 1956 as the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP). Sirimavo and Solomon had three children, Chandrika, Sunethra and Anura.

Sirimavo did not begin a career in politics until after her husband was shot dead on 26 September 1959. She was named successor to her husband's leadership of the party. She led that party to win elections in July 1960, promising to continue her husband's policies. Bandaranaike became Prime Minister on 21 July 1960. She was the first female prime minister in the world, and the first woman to be elected head of government.

Bandaranaike was a socialist. She continued her husband's policies of nationalising major sectors of the economy. She also brought all schools that were owned by the Roman Catholic Church under the government's control. The most famous of her early policies was the Sinhala Only Act, also started by her husband but never finished. This included a plan to wikt:repatriate, send Tamil residents to India (get them Indian citizenship and deport them). It also made Sinhala the state's only official language by removing English. This was seen as discriminatory and was the beginning of human rights protests and Tamil militancy.

The government's takeover of foreign businesses, particularly petroleum companies, upset Britain and the United States, who both ended aid to Sri Lanka. As a result, Bandaranaike made a closer relationship with China and the Soviet Union. In 1962, Christian officers of the military made an unsuccessful attempt at a coup d'état. Bandaranaike lost a vote of confidence in 1964, and her party was defeated in the resulting elections in 1965. Before she was replaced, Bandaranaike's government signed an agreement with India over the status of about one million Tamils: 600,000 were to be granted Indian citizenship and repatriated, and 375,000 were to be granted Sri Lankan citizenship.

Bandaranaike became prime minister again in the 1970 elections. military aid from India and Pakistan.

A new constitution was introduced in 1972. The monarchy was abolished, and the Commonwealth realm known as Ceylon was replaced by the modern republic of Sri Lanka. The President of Sri Lanka replaced Queen Elizabeth II as head of state.

During her second term, Bandaranaike became more and more intolerant of criticism. She forced critical media outlets to shut down. She also nationalised the country's largest newspaper, "Lake House". Bandaranaike was chosen chairman of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1976. Despite success in foreign affairs, she was losing popular support in Sri Lanka very quickly. Her government was accused of corruption while the economy was quickly declining. Elections were scheduled to be held in 1975, but Bandaranaike used a clause of the new constitution to delay them indefinitely. The elections took place in 1977, and her party was defeated severely. In 1980, Bandaranaike was charged with abusing her power for delaying the elections. She was forced out of her seat in parliament and banned from public office for seven years.

Bandaranaike stayed as leader of the SLFP despite losing every general election in the next ten years. Her party led a coalition (the People's Alliance) to win the general elections in 1994. Bandaranaike's daughter, Chandrika, became prime minister, and was then elected president the same year. Bandaranaike became prime minister again, but the constitution had changed since her last term. As prime minister she was now subordinate to her daughter, the President. She stayed in office until a few months before her death, but had little real power. She resigned on 10 August 2000. Exactly two months later she died, aged 84, of a heart attack.


Protein folding

Protein folding is how a protein gets its functional shape or 'conformation'. It is mainly a self-organising process. Starting from a random coil, polypeptides fold into their characteristic working shape. The structure is held together by hydrogen bonds.

The stages are:

Without its correct three-dimensional structure a protein does not work. However, some parts of proteins may not fold: this is normal.

If proteins do not fold into their native shape, they are inactive and are usually toxic. Several diseases may be caused by misfolded proteins. Many allergies are caused by the folding of the proteins, for the immune system does not produce antibodies for all possible protein structures.

On 30 November 2020, the protein folding was solved by artificial intelligence company DeepMind.

Chaperonins are large proteins which help the folding of some proteins after synthesis. Chaperones in general were first discovered helping histones and DNA join up to form nucleosomes. Nucleosomes are the building blocks for chromosomes. This is the way many cell organelles are built up.

Anfinsen's dogma

Anfinsen's dogma is a hypothesis in molecular biology suggested by Christian Anfinsen. The idea is that a protein folding into its native structure is done automatically by the protein's amino acid sequence. It is only true for some proteins. For other proteins, chaperones are needed.

Anfinsen shared the 1972 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for his work on the structure of the enzyme ribonuclease A. The dogma suggests that, in the conditions at which folding occurs, the native structure is a unique and stable state.
There are three conditions:

How the protein reaches this structure is the subject of the field of protein folding, which has a related dogma called Levinthal's paradox. The Levinthal paradox states that the number of possible conformations available to a given protein is astronomically large, such that even a small protein of 100 residues would require more time than the universe has existed to explore all possible conformations (10 seconds) and choose the appropriate one.

Prions are an exception to Anfinsen's dogma. Prions are stable conformations of proteins which differ from the native folding state. In Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (Mad Cow Disease), native proteins re-fold into a different stable conformation, which causes fatal amyloid buildup. Other amyloid diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, are also exceptions to Anfinsen's dogma.

Murder of Polly Klaas

Polly Klaas (January 3, 1981 - October 1, 1993) is an American murder victim. She was abducted from her California home by Richard Allen Davis (born 1954) during what had been a slumber party with two other girls. Davis later strangled her. He was convicted of her kidnapping and murder and was given a death sentence. He is on death row. Actress Winona Ryder offered two hundred thousand in reward for the return of Klaas; after Klaas was killed, Ryder dedicated a movie version of "Little Women" for her memory.

Vanessa Hessler

Vanessa Hessler (Rome, January 21, 1988) is an American-Italian model and actress.
She began modeling when she was 15. Hessler has appeared in many publications in Italy and Germany.

Hessler's father is American. Her mother is Italian. She lived in Rome until she was 8, then moved to Washington DC. She lived in Rockville, MD as a teenager. In 2002 she returned to Italy. She speaks Italian, English and French. She lives in Rome and Washington

Hessler has been in commercials for Baby Star, Nara Camicie and Gilli.

Hessler planned to work in television. In early 2006, she wanted to replace Alessia Marcuzzi to host "Le Iene". She lost the job to Cristina Chiabotto.

Hessler has appeared in advertising for GUESS, Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, L'Oréal, and Ferrero SpA.

In March 2006, she made her debut as a television host at the Festival di Sanremo with Claudia Cedro, Francesca Lancini, and Marta Cecchetto.

Hessler was the face of the DSL brand "Alice" in Germany (a service of Telefónica Europe) until late October 2011. The company chose to end her contract. This was done because of her personal relationship to and public support for the Gaddafi family. The company said that she had "failed to distance herself from her comments on the conflict in Libya."

Flow chart

A flow chart, also known as a flowchart, is a type of diagram, made of boxes and arrows. It can be used to show:

The flow chart uses boxes, arrows and other elements: 

The following table shows some of the most common shapes used in flowcharts. Generally, flowcharts are read from top to bottom and left to right. Reading flowcharts can also be called "flowing".

There are many different types of software that deal with making flowcharts. Some types of software allow users to design flowcharts that can be used to help them design a program easier. Other applications can also create programs based on the flowchart that the user designed. Some software that deal with making flowcharts include diagrams.net, Google Drawings, LibreOffice Draw, Microsoft Visio, yEd, and Inkscape.


Ahmet Kaya

Ahmet Kaya (October 28, 1957 – November 16, 2000) was a singer from Turkey. He was associated with the Kurdish people's independence struggle. His mother is Turkish and his father Kurdish.

In June 2012 the Turkish Association of Magazine Journalists awarded
Ahmet Kaya its Special Prize.

In October 2013 Ahmet Kaya was given the Grand Presidential Prize in Culture and Arts.

John Clive

John Clive (6 January 1933 – 14 October 2012) was an English writer, actor and voice talent. He acted in movies as well as on television stage and radio. Clive had important parts in the movies "Yellow Submarine", "Carry on Board", "Carry on Dick", "The Gnomes of Dulwich", "Tiffany Jones", and "Clockwork Orange".

Clive was born on January 6, 1933 in North London, England. Clive died on October 14, 2012 from a short illness in his home in England, aged 79.


George Romney

George Wilcken Romney (July 8, 1907 – July 26, 1995) was an American businessman and Republican Party politician. He was chairman and president of American Motors Corporation from 1954 to 1962. He served the 43rd Governor of Michigan from 1963 to 1969. He was also the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 1969 to 1973.

He is the father of former Governor of Massachusetts, 2012 Republican presidential nominee, and current United States Senator Mitt Romney. He was also the husband of former Michigan U.S. Senate candidate Lenore Romney. In 1968, he ran for president, but lost to Richard Nixon.

Romney was born to American parents living in Colonia Dublán, Galeana, Chihuahua, Mexico on July 8, 1907. The events during the Mexican Revolution forced his family to flee back to the United States when he was a child. The family lived in several states and ended up in Salt Lake City, Utah, where they struggled during the Great Depression. Romney worked in a number of jobs, served as a Mormon missionary in England and Scotland, and attended several colleges in the U.S. but did not graduate from any. In 1939 he moved to Detroit, Michigan.

On July 2, 1931, he married Lenore Romney. They would later have four children, Lynn Romney, Jane Romney, Mitt Romney, and G. Scott Romney. His granddaughter from Scott Romney, Ronna Romney McDaniel, is the current chairwoman of the Republican National Committee.

Romney died on July 26, 1995 in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan from a heart attack, aged 88. He was buried at Fairview Cemetery in Brighton, Michigan.


All Smiles Dental Centers

All Smiles Dental Centers is a company that manages dental offices in Texas. Its headquarters are in Farmers Branch, Texas. In September 2012 All Smiles had 20 clinics in Texas. The people who go to the clinics are mostly poor Hispanic children.

Dr. Richard Malouf started All Smiles in 2002. After the U.S. Supreme Court told the State of Texas that it did not give enough money to give dental care to poor children, five years before 2012 the State of Texas began spending $1.4 million more money on dental care for poor children. All Smiles began a braces program and began spending a lot of money, given by the Texas government, on braces for children. The Medicaid program only allowed braces if the braces helped a major problem like cleft lip and palate, or if it helps a problem caused by an illness, like Down's syndrome or muscular dystrophy. Malouf and his wife, Leanne, had a lot of rich things, like a mansion, two fancy cars, and two company jets.

In 2012 the State of Texas began trying to find out if All Smiles lied and took too much government money. The federal government accused All Smiles of cheating in the dental program, and so All Smiles promised to be honest in a contract written with the federal government. In July 2012 the company closed many braces offices and told patients that they could no longer go to All Smiles for braces.



Lenore Romney

Lenore LaFount Romney (born Lenore LaFount, November 9, 1908 – July 7, 1998) was an American politician and actress. She was the wife of businessman and politician George Romney and the First Lady of Michigan from 1963 to 1969.

She was the Republican Party nominee for the U.S. Senate elections in 1970 from Michigan. Her youngest son, Mitt Romney, is the former Governor of Massachusetts and the 2012 Republican presidential nominee.

Lenore LaFount was born in Logan, Utah, and raised in Salt Lake City. She went to Latter-day Saints High School. While there, she developed an interest in drama and met George Romney.

She attended the University of Utah and George Washington University, graduating from the latter in 1929. She studied acting at the American Laboratory Theatre in New York, then went to Hollywood where she became a bit player.

She acted in some movies with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Turning down a contract offer with them, she married George Romney in 1931. The couple had four children together. She was a stay-at-home mother, eventually living in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, while he became a success in business and politics. She ran for the United States senate, but lost the election.

Romney died on July 7, 1998 in Royal Oak, Michigan from a stroke, aged 89. She was buried next to her husband at the Fairview Cemetery in Brighton, Michigan.


Patricia Clarkson

Patricia Clarkson (December 29 1959) is an American actress. She has received an Emmy Award. She has appeared in many movie. These include "The Green Mile", "The Untouchables" and "Far from Heaven". She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Tokyo Imperial Palace

The Imperial Palace is in the Chiyoda area near to Tokyo Station.

The "kōkyo" is a large park-like space in central Tokyo. 

The palace complex has several buildings. including the main palace (. There are also the private homes of the imperial family and the offices of the Imperial Household Agency.

Traditionally, the home of the emperor is called a palace. The location of the palace has been considered the capital city of Japan. Since 1868, the center of the government of Japan and the location of the Emperor's home has been Tokyo. From 794 through 1868, the emperor lived in Kyoto. 


Leaf-cutter ant

Leafcutter ant is the general name for any of 47 species of leaf-chewing ants of the two genera Atta and Acromyrmex. 
These species of tropical, fungus-growing ants are all endemic to South and Central America, Mexico and parts of the southern United States. Leafcutter ants "cut and process fresh vegetation (leaves, flowers, and grasses) to serve as nutrition for their fungal cultivars".

The "Acromyrmex" and "Atta" ants have much in common anatomically; however, the two can be identified by their external differences. "Atta" ants have three pairs of spines and a smooth exoskeleton on the upper surface of the thorax, while "Acromyrmex" ants have four pairs and a rough exoskeleton.

Next to humans, leafcutter ants form the largest and most complex animal societies on Earth. In a few years, the central mound of their underground nests can grow to more than across, with smaller, radiating mounds extending out to a radius of , taking up and containing eight million individuals.

Winged females and males leave their respective nests "en masse" and engage in a nuptial flight known as the "revoada". Each female mates with multiple males to collect the 300 million sperm she needs to set up a colony.

Once on the ground, the female loses her wings and searches for a suitable underground lair in which to found her colony. The success rate of these young queens is very low, and only 2.5% will go on to establish a long-lived colony. To start her own fungus garden, the queen stores bits of the parental fungus garden mycelium in a pocket in her mouth.

In a mature leafcutter colony, ants are divided into castes, based mostly on size, that do different work. "Acromyrmex" and "Atta" show a high degree of biological polymorphism, with four castes in established colonies - minims, minors, mediae and majors. Majors are also known as soldiers. "Atta" ants are more polymorphic than "Acromyrmex", meaning there is comparatively less difference in size from the smallest to largest types of "Acromymex".


"Leaf-cutter ants are the major forest herbivores in Central America and consume more plant matter than all the vertebrate herbivores put together. Their subterranean nests can be vast and home to many millions of ants and they have a really neat defence system where minor workers ride shotgun on top of the leaf loads carried by the major workers and fend off the attacks of parasitic flies". George McGavin.

Governor of Michigan

The Governor of Michigan is the chief executive of the U.S. State of Michigan. The current Governor is Gretchen Whitmer, a member of the Democratic Party.

From the time the state was created until the election of 1966, governors were elected to two-year terms. Elections are held in November and the governor took office the next January. Until 1851, elections were held in odd-numbered years. A new state constitution was created in 1850 and took effect in 1851. Because of this, there was a single one-year term of governor in 1851. After this, elections were held on even years.

The constitution adopted in 1963 changed the governor's term to four years, starting in 1967. Since then, elections for governor have been two years before U.S. Presidential elections (for example, Presidential elections were in 2000 and 2004, elections for governor were in 1998 and 2002). The winner of the election takes office at noon on January 1 of the year after the election.

In 1992, a change to the Michigan constitution said that a person could only be governor for two terms. Before this, they were not limited as to how many terms they could serve. John Engler, the governor at the time, served three terms as his first term took place before the change was made. Engler was reelected in 1994 and 1998 before being term limited in 2002.

Forty-eight people have been governor of the state. Before becoming a state, there were five governors of the Michigan Territory. Stevens T. Mason, Michigan's first governor, also served as a territorial governor. He was elected governor at age 23 as a member of the Democratic Party in 1835 and served until 1840. Mason was the youngest state governor in United States history.

Jennifer Granholm became the first female Governor of Michigan on January 1, 2003. She served for 8 years, until January 1, 2011.

Anisul Hoque

Anisul Hoque (; born March 4, 1965) is a Bangladeshi author, novelist, dramatist, and journalist. Hoque was born in Rangpur in 1965. His father was Mofazzal Hoque. His mother is Mst Anwara Begum. Hoque graduated from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology, trained as a civil engineer. He is currently working as a journalist. Currently, Hoque is working as an Associate Editor of a Bengali language daily, Prothom Alo.







Kabir Bakul

Kabir Bakul (born November 21, 1966) is a lyricist from Bangladesh. He has also worked as a journalist. He earned the National Film Award as the Best Lyricist at 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2013. Kabir Bakul was born on November 21, 1966 in Chandpur District. His wife is singer Dinat Jahan Munni. They have two daughters, Prerona and Protikkha, and a son, Procchod. At present, he is working at Maasranga Television as Head of Event and Planning. In 1994, he wrote a song for the movie “Ogni Sontan”. For this song he was nominated for the Best Lyricist at the Bangladesh Film Director Samity Awards.

Kabir Bakul has written poems since he was young. He started writing song lyrics in 1988. That year, he wrote 13 songs for singer Tapan Chowdhury. From those songs, two were released on albums. The first song was "Kal sara raat tomari kakon jeno mone mone rinijhini bejeche". The singer was Ayub Bacchu. The second song was "Pothe jete jete khujechi tomay" for singer Nasim Ali Khan. He has written 800 songs for movies. He has written over 5000 songs in total.



Kabir Bakul wrote a drama named "Goodbye America". It was broadcast July 2012 on Eid program. His second drama, "Kajoler Ontordan" was broadcast October 2012 on RTV.


Marisa Miller

Marisa Lee Miller (born August 6, 1978),née Berdetta, is an American model. She is best known for being in the "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issues and her work for lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret.

Marisa was born in Santa Cruz, California. Her parents were Krista and Marc Bertetta. She was shy but enjoyed sports, particularly surfing. When she was sixteen modelling agents from Italy met her in a San Francisco café and asked Miller to be a model. After talking with her mother she decided to try working as a model. In the nineteen-nineties time fashion models were tall were and very thin and Miller thought she might be too short and curvy to be successful as a model. 

In 2000 she married Jim Miller, a businessman and lifeguard who ran a surfing competitions. They separated in 2002 but she continued to use Miller as her name for work because that was the name she was best known by when she became famous. 

In 2001 she became much more successful after working with famous Italian fashion photographer Mario Testino, which lead to her photos appearing in Vogue magazine in both the American and Italian editions. She is best known for being in the "Sports Illustrated" magazine Swimsuit Issues, appearing in the magazine each year from 2002 until 2008. In 2008 she appeared on the cover of the magazine. She often worked modelling underwear for Victoria's Secret and in 2009 was specially chosen to wear a bra made with diamonds that cost $3 million. 
She has appeared in many other magazines, such as GQ, Maxim, Glamour, Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire, Elle, and Vanity Fair. She has appeared in advertisements for companies including Marc Jacobs, Tommy Hilfiger, Andrew Marc, Victoria's Secret, J.Crew, Guess?, and Nordstrom. 

Maxim magazine called her "the return of the great American supermodel".

Louis-Frédéric

Louis-Frédéric Nussbaum (1923 – 1996), also known as Louis Frédéric or Louis-Frédéric, was a French scholar, art historian, writer, translator and editor. He was a specialist in the cultures of Asia, especially India and Japan.

Louis-Frédéric was born in Paris in 1923. He studied at the Sorbonne and the École pratique des hautes études.

Louis-Frédéric wrote many books on India, Japan and Southeast Asia.

He was the editor of the 10-volume "Encyclopaedia of Asian Civilizations" which was published in eight editions in English between 1977 and 1987. 

Louis-Frédéric's "Japan encyclopedia" was published in six editions in English and French between 1996 and 2005.

In an overview of writings by and about Louis-Frédéric, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 170 works in 337 publications in 14 languages and 7,762 library holdings.


Lois Griffin

Lois Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

She is the wife of Peter Griffin. They have three children, Meg, Chris, and Stewie. They are an American family and Lois has a New Yorker accent. Alex Borstein does her voice. Lois to was to a rich family and her parents are Carter and Babs Pewterschmidt. 

Lois has one sister, Carol, and one brother named Patrick, who she didn't know existed until she saw an photo from her childhood, taken on Christmas day. Patrick was taken away to a Mental hospital as a child. 

Demographics

Demographics are statistical information about human populations (groups of people). Sociology, demography, marketing, business, and other studies use the information from people who study demographics. Some demographics that many demographers study are gender, race, jobs, and location (where people live).

"Demographic trends" are changes in those areas. For example, if a city was half women and half men in 1940 and was more than half women in 1980, and the number of women kept going up, that would be a demographic trend.


The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh

The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is the 22nd full-length animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released on March 11, 1977.

The movie is made from three previously released animated short movies based upon the Winnie-the-Pooh books by A. A. Milne: "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree" (1966), "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day" (1968), and "Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too" (1974). This is also the last movie in the Disney canon that Walt Disney was personally involved with, because one of the shorts ("Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree") was released during his lifetime, and he was involved in the production of "Blustery Day". A fourth and final short movie based on the original books, "Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore", was released in 1983. It is included as a bonus feature on the VHS and DVD release of the movie.

The characters from the movie became very popular. There have been sequels, television programs, clothing, books, and toys based on the characters. The movie is different from the three individual shorts by having newly created material to link the stories together. It also has an ending to close the stories. The ending is based on the final chapter of "The House at Pooh Corner". It was always Walt Disney's intention to make a movie, but he decided to make shorts instead — after production had begun — to familiarize US audiences with the characters. All three shorts as well as future movies boast classic songs by the Sherman Brothers including "Winnie the Pooh" and "The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers".

The movie also inspired an attraction of the same name at Disneyland, Walt Disney World, and Hong Kong Disneyland. A much more elaborate attraction, also based on the movie, opened in Tokyo Disneyland as "Pooh's Hunny Hunt".

The movie contains the following segments:


For the character Piglet, hand gestures and other movements were used by the animators to make expressions, because he (and Pooh) had the look of dolls or stuffed animals with relatively simple button eyes. The scene where Rabbit deals with Pooh's being part of the "decor of his home" was not in the original book, but was reportedly made by Disney when he first read the book.

Movie critic Leonard Maltin called the original Pooh featurettes "gems". He also noted that the artwork resembles the book illustrations, and that the particular length of these short movies meant that the moviemakers didn't have to "compress or protract their script." The movie has a 91% "fresh" rating from critics on Rotten Tomatoes.

Ruth Hill Viguers, however, when writing in "A Critical History of Children’s Literature" during the 1960s, mentioned Disney's Winnie the Pooh along with several other Disney adaptations as having “destroyed the integrity of the original books”.

The American Film Institute nominated "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" for its Top 10 Animated Films list.

In 1977, Bruce Reitherman the original US voice actor remains role fact, Because Christopher Robin has a British with a British accent who was re-dubbed by Jon Walmsley in the segment of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree.

"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" was first released on VHS, Betamax, CED videorecord, and laserdisc in the early 1980s. In 1996, it was re-released on VHS as part of the Masterpiece Collection. It included video footage of the making which was shown before the movie starts. It was released on DVD for the first time in 2002 to commemorate its 25th anniversary, with digitally restored picture and sound. The separate shorts had also been released on their own on VHS in the 1990s.

The 25th anniversary edition DVD includes, among other bonus features, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh: The Story Behind the Masterpiece", which documents the history of the books and their initial movie adaptations. It also features interviews with animators Ollie Johnston, Frank Thomas, and Burny Mattinson, as well as the Sherman brothers, Paul Winchell, and others. Digital Media FX reviewer Shannon Muir said that the audio and video quality of the movie on this DVD was very high.

The "Friendship Edition" DVD was re-released on June 19, 2007. All of the special features from the previous "25th Anniversary Edition" DVD were recycled; the only new addition being an episode of Playhouse Disney's computer-animated series "The Book of Pooh". The DVD re-release coincides with the 30th anniversary of the release of the movie. 

The Blu-Ray version was released for the first time in August 2013.



The Black Cauldron (movie)

The Black Cauldron is a 1985 American animated fantasy movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It is based on the first two books in "The Chronicles of Prydain" by Lloyd Alexander, a series of five novels which in turn is based on Welsh mythology.

The movie is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich. They directed the previous Disney animated movie "The Fox and the Hound".

It was not very popular when it was first released. Now it has become a cult movie. It cost $25 million to make. It earned only $21 million at the North American box office. It is said to be one of the worst box-office failures from Walt Disney Animation Studios.

In the land of Prydain, Dallben the Enchanter thinks that the Horned King wants his pig, Hen Wen, who has oracular powers, to locate the Black Cauldron, which has evil powers. He tells the teenage boy, Taran to take Hen Wen to safety but the pig is captured by dragons.

Taran follows them to the Horned King's castle and meets a creature named Gurgi, who wants to be his friend. Taran helps Hen Wen escape but is captured and thrown into the dungeon. He meets Princess Eilonwy and she frees him. Along with a third prisoner, the elderly Fflewddur Fflam, they escape and are found by Gurgi. 

Following Hen Wen's trail, the group stumbles into the underground kingdom of the Fair Folk, who have Hen Wen under their protection. They learn the cauldron is held by three witches. The witches give them the cauldron and take the magic sword. The witches reveal the cauldron can only be destroyed when someone willingly climbs into it, which will kill them. 

Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewddur are captured by the Horned King's minions. The Horned King uses the cauldron to raise an army of zombie warriors. Gurgi jumps into the Cauldron. This kills Gurgi but also kills the undead warriors. The Cauldron's magical powers kill the Horned King. The three witches come to take back the Black Cauldron and they bring Gurgi back to life.


The Rescuers Down Under

The Rescuers Down Under (also known as The Rescuers 2 and The Rescuers 2: Down Under) is a 1990 American animated adventure movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution on November 16, 1990. The movie is the sequel to the 1977 movie "The Rescuers". The original movie was based on the novels of Margery Sharp, while this one is based on the characters created by Sharp (as credited in the ending credits).

This movie, "Fantasia 2000", "Winnie the Pooh", "Ralph Breaks the Internet", and "Frozen II", are the only Disney sequels that are part of the Disney canon. This is because all three were produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Set in the Australian Outback, "The Rescuers Down Under" was Eva Gabor's final movie role before her retirement from acting in 1994 and death in 1995.

"The Rescuers Down Under" has three characters from the first movie: Bernard, Bianca, and the Chairmouse. All of them are played by the same actors as in the first movie.


Additional voices were provided by Charlie Adler, Jack Angel, Vanna Bonta, Jess Harnell, Marii Mak, Danny Mann, Jan Rabson and Will Ryan. Non-speaking characters include Polly, a platypus captured by McLeach and Nelson, an echidna.

"The Rescuers Down Under" was released in the Walt Disney Classics video series on September 20, 1991 with a home video trailer for "The Jungle Book", while "The Rescuers" was released on VHS a year later in September 1992. However, unlike "The Rescuers", "The Rescuers Down Under" did not make it to the "Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection". It was re-released on VHS and DVD on August 1, 2000 as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection. This released on 25th Anniversary Epilogue VHS and 2-Disc Collector's Edition DVD for first time on THX Print on May 20, 2003 in the North America.

"The Rescuers Down Under" was released alongside "The Rescuers" on Blu-ray in a "2-Movie Collection" on August 21, 2012 to commemorate the first movie's 35th anniversary. This released on June 14, 2022 on the Disney Movie Club Exclusive.


Fantasia 2000

Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is a sequel to "Fantasia" (1940). Like the earlier movie, it has animated segments set to pieces of classical music. "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" is the only segment that is in both movies.

The soundtrack was performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra with conductor James Levine. A group of celebrities introduce each segment in live-action scenes. The celebrities include Steve Martin, Bette Midler, Penn & Teller, James Earl Jones, Quincy Jones, Dennis Quaid and Angela Lansbury.

"Fantasia 2000" was shown at Carnegie Hall on December 17, 1999. It was part of a five-city concert tour, with performances in London, Paris, Tokyo and Pasadena, California. An exclusive release in IMAX theatres followed from January 1 to April 30, 2000. It became the first animated feature-length movie in the IMAX format. "Fantasia 2000" was opened in the United States on June 16, 2000. It has earned $90.8 million in gross revenue worldwide.

"Rhapsody in Blue" is the first "Fantasia" segment with music from the American composer George Gershwin. It originated in 1992 when director and animator Eric Goldberg approached Al Hirschfeld about the idea of an animated short set to Gershwin's composition in the style of Hirschfeld's illustrations. Hirschfeld agreed to serve as artistic consultant and allowed the animators to use and adapt his previous works for the segment. Goldberg's wife Susan was art director. Duke is named after jazz artist Duke Ellington. The bottom of his toothpaste tube reads "NINA", an Easter egg referencing Hirschfeld's daughter Nina. Rachel was designed after the Goldbergs' daughter and John is based on animation historian and author John Culhane and Hirschfeld's caricature of Alexander Woollcott. Goldberg took Hirschfeld's original illustration of Gershwin and animated it to make him play the piano. Featured in the crowd emerging from the hotel are depictions of Brooks Atkinson and Hirschfeld, along with his wife Dolly Haas. The segment was completed five months ahead of schedule from December 1998 to May 1999. The animators from the production hiatus of "Kingdom of the Sun" were reassigned to work on the segment. Despite this, the sequence was so chromatically complex that the rendering process using the CAPS system delayed work on "Tarzan".

Daisy

Daisy may refer to:












The Emperor's New Groove

The Emperor's New Groove is a 2000 American animated family movie. It was made by Walt Disney Animation Studios released on December 15, 2000, and is the 40th motion picture produced by Disney. The title refers to the fairy tale "The Emperor's New Clothes" by Hans Christian Andersen, but has little in common with the fairy tale.

The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Song for "My Funny Friend and Me" performed by Sting. It lost against "Things Have Changed" by Bob Dylan from "Wonder Boys".

A direct-to-video sequel, "Kronk's New Groove", was released in December 2005. There was also an animated television series, "The Emperor's New School", in January 2006.

Kuzco (David Spade) is a selfish, bratty South American emperor who is selfish and rude to other people. He summons Pacha (John Goodman), the leader of a local village, and tells him he intends to build a holiday resort called for himself, destroying the village. 

Meanwhile, Yzma (Eartha Kitt), plans to take over the throne. She and her henchman Kronk (Patrick Warburton), organize a dinner for Kuzco, where they plan to poison him, but Kronk gives Kuzco the wrong poison, transforming him into a llama.

Yzma orders Kronk to dispose of Kuzco. He loses Kuzco, who ends up in Pacha's village. Kuzco orders Pacha to return him to the palace. Pacha agrees, but only if he builds his resort somewhere else. Kuzco refuses and decides to travel back to the palace on his own, but ends up lost in the jungle before he is rescued by Pacha. 

Yzma takes control of the empire, but when she learns Kuzco has survived, she and Kronk search for him. Kuzco seemingly agrees with Pacha's demands and they begin to journey back to the palace. Kuzco and Pacha arrive at a roadside diner. Yzma and Kronk have followed them there. Pacha tries to warn Kuzco that Yzma is planning to kill him. Kuzco thinks Pacha is lying and reveals that when he becomes human again, he will continue with his plan to make Pacha's village a resort. 

Kuzco overhears Yzma planning to kill him due to his selfishness, he leaves the diner on his own and consigns himself to live out his life as a normal llama, before reuniting with Pacha. When the two return to his house to pick up supplies, they discover Yzma and Kronk have arrived, searching for them. Pacha's family distract Yzma and Kronk, giving Pacha and Kuzco time to get back to the palace. The two go to Yzma's lab to find a potion that can turn Kuzco back into a human.

Yzma and Kronk arrive. The palace guards attack Kuzco but are turned into different animals. Kuzco and Pacha find the potion that will turn him back into a human. They fight Yzma on the palace roof. Yzma is turned into a cat by one of her own potions. Kuzco is transformed back into a human. Kuzco decides to build his resort somewhere else.

Additional voices were provided by Tony Anselmo, Jeff Bennett, Susan Blu, Cam Clarke, Debi Derryberry, Susan Egan, Pat Fraley, Geri Gorowski, Nikita Hopkins, Eddie Korbich, Mona Marshall, Phil Proctor, David Randolph, Donald Reynolds, Peter Siragusa, Tara Strong and Kari Wahlgren.

According to the 2002 documentary The Sweatbox, The Emperor's New Groove started production in late 1994 by Roger Allers as Kingdom of the Sun, a more traditional Disney animated movie. By 1997 with the releases of both Pocahontas and The Hunchback of Notre Dame and their financial failures, the executives wanted something more comedic and less formulaic.

Annie Awards are an award each year for animated movies.

Dave Pasch

Dave Pasch (b. 1972) is an American sportscaster. Pasch works for ESPN. He calls play-by-play of college football, college basketball, NBA, WNBA, and Arena football games. He has also been the radio voice for the Arizona Cardinals of the NFL since 2002, teaming with Ron Wolfley. In 2007, Pasch called the Little League World Series.


2012 Green Bay Packers season

The 2012 Green Bay Packers season was the Green Bay Packers' 92nd season in the National Football League, the 94th overall and the seventh under head coach Mike McCarthy.

Notes:

The Packers acquired the No. 224 selection in a trade that sent guard Caleb Schlauderaff to the New York Jets.

The Packers have received the maximum number of compensatory selections available to teams through the NFL's compensatory draft program. Two addition picks in both the 4th and 7th rounds.

The Packers traded the No. 54 and No. 123 picks to receive No. 51 from the Philadelphia Eagles.

The Packers traded the No. 90 and No. 163 picks to receive No. 62 for the New England Patriots .






Stats correct through December 24, 2012


Small Smiles Dental Centers

Small Smiles Dental Centers (called Church Street Health Management and previously called FORBA) is a company that manages dental offices in the United States for poor people. Small Smiles has 70 centers in 22 states and Washington, DC. It has its headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee. The clinics are called many names, including Children's Dental Clinic, Indian Springs Dental Clinic, Oklahoma Smiles, Small Smiles Dentistry, Texas Smiles, and Wild Smiles.

The clinic comes from a dental clinic in Pueblo, Colorado that was started in 1928. The DeRose family and Dr. William Mueller owned the company.

In 2003 Michael DeRose, one of the DeRoses, bought a very expensive house in Pueblo for $3.4 million. When they owned the clinics, they put children in "papoose boards" to stop them from moving so they could quickly do dental work. The State of Colorado made a law to limit how much they could use the papoose boards. The offices also did lots of dental work on the children and put a lot of crowns on the children's teeth, so the Colorado government said that the clinics could only place a specified number crowns for each day. In 2006 the DeRose family sold the company to new owners.

In 2007 a news reporter named Roberta Baskin filmed the inside of a Small Smiles clinic. The film showed children screaming as the dentists did work on them, as the children were held in papoose boards. The main dentist said that, in one time, they often did six or more baby root canals on a child. He also said the clinic had goals to do a certain amount of dental work so the clinic could make money. The news report went on television and people began filing lawsuits against Small Smiles. A woman from Kentucky named Debbie Hagan started a blog that was against Small Smiles and what it did. Journalists and people from the New York State government talked to Hagan to learn about what was happening. On November 14, 2008, Small Smiles sued Hagan, saying that she published their documents without their permission. On April 16, 2009 the company stopped the lawsuit.

The US government filed a lawsuit against Small Smiles for cheating it of money that was to be spent on dental work for poor children. Small Smiles agreed to pay $24 million to the US government so the lawsuit would be ended. In February 2012 Small Smiles asked for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection.



Denmark at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Denmark sent a team for the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, West Germany. They sent ten athletes, eight male and two female.

Athletes at the Paralympics in 1972 were all afflicted by spinal cord injuries. They were also required the use of a wheelchair. This is different from later Paralympics that include events for participants that fit into any of five different disability categories; amputation, either congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. 

Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications. It depends upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters. It describes the type of event and classification of the athletes competing.

Ernest Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen

Ernst Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen (Gotha, 21 August 1681 – Hildburghausen, 9 March 1724), was a duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen. He was the oldest son of Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen and Countess Sophie Henriette of Waldeck.

When he was younger, he served in the Netherlands army. He was wounded in the Spanish Succession War at Höchstädt. In 1715, after the death of his father, he left the Army and governed the duchy of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

Like many German princes, He wanted his duchy to have the splendor of the court of the King Louis XIV of France. This caused him to be ruined financially.

Because he always needed money, he raised taxes and sold towns. He sold the county of Cuylenburg which was the dowry of his wife. The county was sold in 1720. He did not sell it to pay any money he owed to others. It was sold so that a garden and a channel could be built in his palace. In 1723 the Schalkau was sold to the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen. At the time, Schalkau had city privileges, and the right to hold a market. What was sold was an administrative division, much like a county, only smaller, which included Schalkau. The sale without the agreement of his wife was illegal. This led to a war with Saxe-Meiningen. At the end of the war, all of the county was ruined.

Because of his very bad taxes, in 1717 an open revolt took place in the duchy.

Ernst Frederick married Countess Sophia Albertine of Erbach-Erbach in Erbach on 4 February 1704. They had fourteen children:

Espadrille

Espadrilles are flat casual shoes or high heel sandals usually consisting of canvas or cotton fabric uppers and flexible sole made of jute, a natural fiber with vulcanized rubber underneath. These are worn primarily by women, although men wear the shoes also. These shoes are usually manufactured in Bangladesh and Spain. The soles of an espadrille are usually flat or platform wedge shape. These shoes are usually closed toed and closed backed, although some are open. Espadrilles can be easily slipped on the foot.

Closed toe canvas upper with flat wedge sole made of jute braids are the most popular casual espadrilles known as "Classic" or "Cotheeka Basic" espadrilles in the world. Different colored cotton or jute canvas uppers are used for this style of espadrille that made it very popular among the women as well as men. Striped canvas uppers are also used for these shoes.

High wedge jute sole with uppers of different materials like fabrics, leather etc. are used to make "Fashion espadrilles" which are also very popular among the women. Super models put on these style of espadrilles at fashion shows. These espadrilles are also known as "Party espadrilles". Almost all the designer brands of Europe and North America design these styles of espadrilles.

ReachOut Healthcare America

ReachOut Healthcare America (RHA) is an American company that manages dental clinics. Its headquarters are in Phoenix, Arizona. Under the name "Big Smiles," it coordinates dentist vans that go to American schools and do dental checkups and dental work on poor children. 

Michael Howell and Daniel Goldsmith started the ReachOut company in 1997. At first the company managed dental checkups and dental work for people in nursing homes in Michigan. The company later began organizing dental care for schools, foster programs, group homes, homeless shelters, and mental health facilities by late 2003.

In October 2011, boy in a Camp Verde, Arizona had dental work done by a dentist linked with ReachOut. The boy said it hurt. His mother, Stacey Gagnon, said that the dentist did dental work on the boy without asking the parents if it was okay. Darren and Stacey Gagnon, the parents of the boy, sued the dentist and the Reachout company. In November 2011, Dan Brown, then the superintendent of the Camp Verde Unified School District, signed a letter saying that ReachOut cannot go to the district's schools anymore.

ReachOut used to send dentists to schools in the Clark County School District, the biggest school district in the state of Nevada. In December 2011 the district stopped working with ReachOut.

Ken Tucker, a reporter for the newspaper "Arizona Republic", wrote that ReachOut did not give good care after the dental work was done because the dentists only came to the school twice a year. A mobile dentist who worked with ReachOut, Derryl Brian, said that the dentists under ReachOut had, since 2006, done screenings and work on 80,000 children. Brian said that a lot of people liked what they did.



Hinglaj Shakti Peeth

Hinglaj Shakti Peeth is a place of worship and pilgrimage of Hindu religion. It is in , in Kadasar village, , Gujarat.

It is also known by the names Hingdaj, Bhavani and Hingraj Mata

To stop the divine dance (Tandava) of Lord Shiva after the death of Dakshayani, Lord Vishnu scattered Shiva's remains over many places on the Indian subcontinent. It is said that the head fell at Hingula or Hinglaj. Because of this, this place is considered the most important of the 51 Shakti Peeths. At each of the Peeths, Bhairava (a manifestation of Shiva) accompanies the relics. The Bhairava at Hinglaj is called Bhimalochana. It is in Koteshwar, Kutch. The Sanskrit texts mention the part as 'Brahmadreya' or vital essence.

Shri brought from Pakistan (Balochistan) to Kadasar village. Kadasar is in Rajkot, Gujarat.

Historically, this area is called Saurashtra. It is the worship place for Mata Hingdaj. One day, Mata and Vikram Raja came to Hingdaj ‘"Shakti Peeth’".

Hinglaj is worshiped as Kuldevi by many Kshatriya, , and Rao of India.


Edo-Tokyo Museum

The is a museum of the history of Tokyo during he Edo period. It was established in 1993. 

The permanent exhibition includes a replica of the Nihonbashi and scale models of the city.

The museum was designed by Kiyonori Kikutake.

The Edo-Tokyo Open Air Architectural Museum is a branch of the Edo-Tokyo Museum.


Self-organization

Self-organization is a process where some form of order arises out of a random system. The process is spontaneous: it happens on its own. It is not directed or controlled by any agent inside or outside the system.

Self-organization occurs in a variety of physical, chemical, biological, social and cognitive systems. A common example is crystallization. An example from biological chemistry is the lipid bilayer, which is the basis of the cell membrane, and so is of great importance.

Many self-organising things have properties which are "emergent". What this means is that one can't predict what will happen, usually because the possibilities are too many to study. Some examples:


Okayama Prefectural Museum

The collection includes important historical objects from the local area.


French Indochina

French Indochina was a region that consists of Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam. It became part of the French colonial empire in the late 19th century. The Japanese Empire conquered it in the Second World War, and other wars went on for decades. 

Tara (Ireland)

Tara is a village in eastern Ireland. It is northwest of Dublin. It used to be known for its kings.

Kyushu Ceramic Museum

The is a museum in Arita, which is a town in Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture. 

The museum features objects which were made in Arita in the Edo period.


Arita, Saga

The town is best known for making porcelain and other ceramics.

Arita is in the western part of Saga Prefecture. It is on the border with Nagasaki Prefecture.



Asteria

In Greek mythology, Asteria (Ancient Greek: Ἀστερία - "of the stars" or "[the] starry one") was the Titan goddess of falling stars and nocturnal divination, such as astrology. Asteria was apart of the second generation of Titans, the daughter of Koios and Phoebe, and sister of Leto. She is the wife of the Titan Perses, by whom she is the mother of Hecate, goddess of magic and witchcraft. When Zeus began to lust for her, Asteria escaped his advances by leaping into the sea and becoming the floating island Delos, upon which her sister Leto eventually gave birth to the twins Apollo and Artemis. As such, she is often labelled "Delos" on Athenian vase-painting.

Venosa

Venosa is a small town in Basilicata, southern Italy.

Peer Gynt

Peer Gynt is a dramatic poem by Henrik Ibsen, written in 1867. Ibsen based this work on Norse fairy tales written by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen. Asbjørnsen had written these stories about 1848-1850. Ibsen wrote the poem to analyse and criticize the romantic nationalist movement that was present in Norway during that time. 

Originally, Peer Gynt was a poem, but Ibsen later adapted it to be a stage play. Edvard Grieg composed the original music for the stage. The first performance was on 24 February 1876, in Christiania, modern-day Oslo. The musical score for the play is made of 26 pieces. In 1888 and 1891, Grieg took eight pieces, and comined them into two suites, of four pieces each. These are known as the Peer Gynt Suites today, and are widely known.

Many movies were made about the subject, the first in 1915.

Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum

Because of a number of dinosaur fossils found here, the whole city of Katsuyama was called “Dinosaur Valley Fukui Katsuyama Geopark” in 2008.

Guide tours are held here during warm seasons. It is said to be one of the Three Greatest Dinosaur Museums with The Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology in Canada and in China.

As of 2020, more than 11 milion people visited the museum in total. 
The museum was opened in 2000, close to a real dinosaur remains site. It was built in Katsuyama because a lot of fossils have been found there since 1989. Famous fossils such as Fukuiraptor and Fukuisaurus are also showed in this museum.

The building was designed by .

The building was made in a dome shape.

The cost of the construction was about 14 billion Japanese Yen. 

In 2014, a dinosaur building was opened outside, in which people can experience digging fossil as they look at the remains. 

The exhibition is divided into 5 zones: "Dino Street", "World of Dinosaurs", "Science of the Earth", "History of Life", and "Dino Lab". 44 skeletons of dinosaurs including 10 original fossils are displayed in the "World of Dinosaurs" zone. 

The “Science of the Earth” zone shows the earth from two points of view--“Water and the Earth” and “Fire and the Earth”. People can see how active the Earth is by observing its sediments, rocks, and minerals. 

The “History of Life” zone shows the origin of life and vertebrates, and how they have evolved for 4.6 billion years. Organisms on the Earth have evolved through a repeated cycle of evolution and extinction. As living organisms and environment influenced each other, the present Earth environment was formed. You can read the story of life as told by these fossils. 


Jake LaMotta

Giacobbe "Jake" LaMotta (July 10, 1922 – 19 September 2017), nicknamed "The Bronx Bull" and "The Raging Bull," was an American retired professional boxer and former World Middleweight Champion. He was played by Robert De Niro in the 1980 movie "Raging Bull".

LaMotta was an Italian-American. He was born on July 10, 1921 in The Bronx, New York City. He has been married six times. He has four daughters.

LaMotta died on September 19, 2017 at a retirement home in Aventura, Florida from complications of pneumonia at 95 years old.


Joey King

Joey Lynn King (born on July 30, 1999 in Los Angeles, California) is an American teen movie, television, voice actress, singer and model. She is perhaps best known for her roles as Ramona Quimby in "Ramona and Beezus". King also appeared in "The Dark Knight Rises", "Oz the Great and Powerful", "Family Weekend", "White House Down", and in "The Conjuring". She has won a Young Artist Award. Her entire showbiz and entertainment career officially began in 2002. She had also begun by appearing in several commercial ads at such a young age of 4.

King was born on July 30, 1999 in Los Angeles, California. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. King has also stated that she is "part Jewish and part Christian, but she's more and mostly Jewish".

Rick Baker

Richard A. "Rick" Baker (born December 8, 1950) is an American special makeup effects artist known for his creature effect makeup. He has won seven Academy Awards.

Baker was born in Binghamton, New York on December 8, 1950. He studied at the Academy of Art University.

Katsuyama, Fukui


From the Japanese census data, 


Vin Diesel

Vin Diesel (born Mark Sinclair Vincent; July 18, 1967) is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his roles in the movies "The Fast and the Furious" series, "The Chronicles of Riddick" trilogy, the voice of Groot in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" and in "XXX".

Diesel was born in Alameda County, California. He studied at Hunter College. He is partners with Paloma Jimenez. His father is African-American and his mother is of English, German, Irish and Scottish descent.

Juno Temple

Juno Violet Temple (born 21 July 1989) is an English movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Atonement", "Dirty Girl", "St Trinian's", "Killer Joe" and in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Temple was born on 21 July 1989 in London, England to Amanda Pirie and to Julien Temple. She studied at Enmore Primary School, Bedales School, and at King's College.

Klara Hitler

Klara Hitler (born Klara Pölzl, 12 August 1860 - 21 December 1907) was an Austrian woman. She was the widow of Alois Hitler and the mother of German dictator Adolf Hitler.

Klara was born in the Austrian village of Spital, Weitra, Lower Austria. Her father was Johann Baptist Pölzl and her mother was Johanna Hiedler. Either Hiedler's father, Johann Nepomuk Hiedler, or his brother, Johann Georg Hiedler, was the biological father of Alois Hitler, the man she would later marry. It is presumed and accepted by most that the father was Johann Georg Hiedler. Klara and Alois were first cousins once removed.

In 1876, three years after Alois Hitler's first marriage to Anna Glasl-Hörer, Klara's uncle Alois had hired her as a household servant. She was 16 years old at the time. After the death of his second wife, Franziska Matzelsberger, in 1884, Alois and Klara were married on 7 January 1885 in a wedding held early in the morning at Hitler's rooms on the top floor of the Pommer Inn in Braunau. Alois then went to work for the day at his job as a customs official. Klara still called Alois "uncle" after the marriage. Their first son, Gustav, was born four months later, on 15 May 1885. Their second child, Ida, was born on 23 September 1886. Both infants died of diphtheria during the winter of 1886-1887. A third child, Otto, was born and died in 1887.

Adolf was born 20 April 1889, followed by Edmund on 24 March 1894 and Paula on 21 January 1896. Edmund died of measles on 28 February 1900, at the age of five. Klara's adult life was spent keeping house and raising children. According to Smith, Alois had little understanding or interest in raising children. Historian Alice Miller later wrote, "The family structure could well be characterized as the prototype of a totalitarian regime. Its sole, undisputed, often brutal ruler is the father. The wife and children are totally subservient to his will, his moods, and his whims; they must accept humiliation and injustice unquestioningly and gratefully. Obedience is their primary rule of conduct."

Klara was very devoted to her children. According to William Patrick Hitler, she was a typical stepmother to her stepchildren, Alois Jr. and Angela.

Klara was a devout Roman Catholic. She worshipped at church regularly with her children. Of her six children with Alois, only Adolf and Paula survived childhood.

Alois's and Klara's children were:


When Alois died in 1903, he left her a government pension. She sold the house in Leonding and moved with young Adolf and Paula to an apartment in Linz. Three or four years later, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. After many painful iodoform treatments given by her doctor, Eduard Bloch, Klara died at home in Linz from the toxic medical side-effects on December 21, 1907. Adolf and Paula were at her side. Klara was buried in Leonding near Linz.

Adolf Hitler had a close relationship with his mother. He was crushed by her death and carried the grief for the rest of his long life. Bloch later recalled that, after Klara's death, he had seen in "one young man never so much pain and suffering broken fulfilled". Decades later, in 1940, Hitler showed gratitude to Bloch (who was Jewish) by letting him and his wife to leave Austria and go to the United States.

Sylvia Kristel

Sylvia Maria Kristel (28 September 1952 18 October 2012) was a Dutch erotic actress who acted in many movies. She was most notable for her role in the "Emmanuelle" movies from the 1970s through to the early 1990s.

The most successful film in her career was "Private Lessons" (1981). She played the housekeeper who initiates a 15-year-old to the wonders of sex. The film grossed over $50,000,000 worldwide.

Kristel was born on 28 September 1952 in Utrecht, Netherlands. She died on the afternoon of 18 October 2012 in Amsterdam, Netherlands from oesophageal and lung cancer, aged 60. She is survived by her son.

In September 2006, Kristel's autobiography "Nue" ("Nude") was published in France. It was translated into English as "Undressing Emmanuelle: a memoir", by Fourth Estate, 2007. . She told of her turbulent personal life blighted by addictions to drugs and alcohol. Her quest for a father figure led to some destructive relationships with older men. The book received some positive reviews.

Paul Berg

Paul Berg (June 30, 1926 – February 15, 2023) was an American biochemist (a person who studies chemistry in living things). He was given the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1980, with Walter Gilbert and Frederick Sanger. The award recognized their contributions to basic research on nucleic acids. 

Berg was born in New York City. He received his undergraduate education at Penn State University, where he majored in biochemistry. He received his Ph.D. in biochemistry from Case Western Reserve University in 1952. 

After 1959 Berg worked at Stanford University, Palo Alto, California. There he taught biochemistry from 1959 until 2000. He served as director of the Beckman Center for Molecular and Genetic Medicine from 1985 until 2000. He is now professor emeritus at Stanford University.

In addition to the Nobel Prize, Berg was given with the National Medal of Science in 1983 and the National Library of Medicine Medal in 1986.

Berg was famous for his pioneering work involving recombinant DNA, the process of inserting DNA from another species into a molecule, leading to the development of modern genetic engineering. After developing the technique, Berg used it for his studies of viral genomes.

Berg died on February 15, 2023 at his home in Stanford, California at the age of 96.

List of countries and territories where Tamil is an official language

The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where Tamil is an official or language of government.


Tamil Eelam

Tamil Eelam is a proposed state for Tamils in Sri Lanka. It was one of the reasons for the Sri Lankan Civil War. The main leader was Velupillai Prabhakaran, the leader of the Tamil Tigers.

Tamils number just over 11 percent of the Sri Lankan population. They live mostly in the coastal regions of north, east and west Sri Lanka. The dominant Sinhalese people are just under 75% of the population.



Thomas Cech

Thomas Robert Cech (born December 8, 1947 in Chicago) is an American chemist who shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Sidney Altman. They discovered that RNA was a catalyst. Cech discovered that RNA could itself cut strands of RNA, which showed that life could have started as RNA.

Cech also studied telomeres, and his lab discovered an enzyme, TERT (telomerase reverse transcriptase), which helps to restore telomeres after they are shortened during cell division. 

As president of Howard Hughes Medical Institute, he promoted science education, and he teaches an undergraduate chemistry course at the University of Colorado.

Cech's main research area is transcription in the nucleus of cells. He studies how the genetic code of DNA is transcribed into RNA. In the 1970s, Cech discovered that an unprocessed RNA molecule could splice itself. 

In 1982, Cech became the first to show that RNA molecules are not restricted to being passive carriers of genetic information they can have catalytic functions and can take part in cellular reactions. RNA-processing reactions and protein synthesis on ribosomes are catalysed by RNA. RNA enzymes are known as ribozymes and are now used for gene technology. They also cut and destroy invading viral RNAs.


Reverse transcriptase

A reverse transcriptase is an enzyme which works 'backwards' from RNA to DNA. Normal transcription involves the synthesis of RNA from DNA; reverse transcription is the "reverse" of this. It is a DNA polymerase enzyme that transcribes single-stranded RNA into single-stranded DNA. It also synthesizes a second strand of DNA complementary to the reverse-transcribed single-stranded cDNA. 

Well studied reverse transcriptases include:

Reverse transcriptase was discovered by Howard Temin at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in a cancer virus. It was independently isolated by David Baltimore in 1970 at MIT from two RNA tumour viruses. For their achievements, they shared the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (with Renato Dulbecco).

The idea of reverse transcription was very unpopular at first because it contradicted the central dogma of molecular biology. This states that DNA is transcribed into RNA which is then translated into proteins. However, in 1970 when Howard Temin and David Baltimore both independently discovered the enzyme responsible for reverse transcription, the possibility that genetic information could be passed on in this manner was finally accepted.

Out of this work has come the idea that the first genomes were made of RNA genes. The RNA genes surviving today might be all that remain of this early condition. Reverse transcriptase might be the remnant of a stage when DNA genes were made by copying RNA genes. This theory is relevant to the earliest stages of evolution. Reverse transcription is also used by various semi-independent elements called transposons.

Stephen Turnbull

Stephen Richard Turnbull (born 6 February 1948) is a British academic, historian and writer. He is a specialist in Far Eastern military history. He is best known for his writing about the samurai of Japan. 

Turnbull earned a degree at Cambridge University. 

Further studies led to his earning an MA in Theology and an MA in Military History. He was awarded a PhD from the University of Leeds.

Turnbull is a lecturer in Far Eastern Religions at Leeds. 

In an overview of writings by and about Louis-Frédéric, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 100+ works in 400+ publications in 15 languages and 15,000+ library holdings. 




Renato Dulbecco

Renato Dulbecco (February 22, 1914 – February 19, 2012) was an Italian-born American virologist who won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on oncogenes. Oncogenes are genes in viruses that cause cancer when they infect animal cells. 

The prize was shared with Howard Temin and David Baltimore.
Dulbecco studied at the University of Turin under Giuseppe Levi. His fellow students Salvador Luria and Rita Levi-Montalcini also moved to the U.S. with him and won Nobel prizes. He was drafted into the Italian army in World War II, but later joined the resistance.

WorldCat

WorldCat is a very big online catalog, a list of books and things like books in tens of thousands of libraries in many countries.

WorldCat was built by OCLC, which is an organization of libraries. WorldCat is maintained by the group of libraries in OCLC. 

In the 1970s, OCLC grew from a regional computer system for 54 Ohio colleges into an international network.

In 1979, the first Canadian and the first international library joined OCLC.

On August 26, 1971, the OCLC Online Union Catalog, now called WorldCat, went online. 



Buddha Dhatu Jadi

The Buddha Dhatu Jadi (; also known as the Bandarban Golden Temple) is a Buddhist temple. It is located close to Balaghata town, in Bandarban City, in Bangladesh. Skandha or Dhatu means material remains of a holy person. In this temple, the relics belong to Buddha. It is the largest Theravada Buddhist temple with the second largest Buddha statue in Bangladesh.

The Bandaban Golden Temple belongs to the Theravada Buddhism order, which is practiced by the Chittagonian tribal people, a dominant ethnic group of Bandarban. It was built in 2000 in Arakanese architecture, an adoption of South East Asia style.

Somapura Mahavihara

Somapura Mahavihara (Sanskrit; "Shompur Môhabihar") in Paharpur, Badalgachhi Upazila, Naogaon District, Bangladesh is among the best known Buddhist viharas in the Indian subcontinent. It is one of the most important archaeological sites in the country. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985.

Islam in the Maldives

Islam is the state religion of Maldives, and adherence to it is legally required of citizens by a revision of the constitution in 2008: Article 9, Section D "states that a non-Muslim may not become a citizen of the Maldives."

Islam in Lebanon

Islam in Lebanon is divided between four Muslim sects; Shias, Sunnis, Alawites, and Ismailis including the Druze. 
Muslims (including Druze) account for 59% of the total population of Lebanon, where 39% are Christians. Shiites - about 27% of the total population of Lebanon - live mostly in the northern area of the Beqaa Valley, Southern Lebanon and southern areas of Beirut. About 26% of the Lebanese population is Sunni, concentrated largely in coastal cities like west Beirut, Tripoli and Sidon. The Druze account for 5% of the population.

State of Judea

The State of Judea (, "") is a proposed halachic state in the West Bank. The idea was put forward by Israeli Jewish settlers.

Ludovico Ariosto

Ludovico Ariosto (Reggio Emilia, 8 September 1474 – Ferrara 6 July 1533) was an Italian poet. He is best known as the author of the romance epic "Orlando Furioso" (1516). The poem is a continuation of Matteo Maria Boiardo's "Orlando Innamorato". It tells about the adventures of Charlemagne, Orlando, and the Franks as they fight the Saracens with diversions into many side plots. Ariosto composed the poem in the ottava rima rhyme scheme and introduced narrative commentary throughout the work.

Ariosto spent the greater part of his life at Ferrara including many years in the service of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este and then of Duke Alfonso I. His poem "Orlando Furioso" is designed to exalt the Este family; in its final form it was first published in 1532. It is the greatest of the Italian romantic epics. Ariosto also wrote lyric poetry in Italian and Latin, some satires and four comedies.


Javier Bardem

Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem (born 1 March 1969) is a Spanish actor. He is known for his roles in "Skyfall", "No Country for Old Men", "Biutiful", "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", "Before Night Falls", "Jamón, jamón", "" and "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile". He has won an Golden Globe Award, an BAFTA Award, and an Academy Award. In 2021, he played Desi Arnaz in "Being the Ricardos".

Bardem was born on 1 March 1969 in Las Palmas of the Canary Islands. His parents were Pilar Bardem and José Carlos Encinas Doussinague. He has been married to Penélope Cruz since 2010. They have two children.

Defense of Marriage Act

The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) is a United States federal law which was signed by the then-President Bill Clinton on September 21, 1996. The law defines that marriage can only be between one man and one woman in regard to federal or inter state recognition purposes in the United States. Under this law, no U.S. State or political subdivision is required to recognize same-sex marriage from other States. However, the Obama Administration, in 2011, announced that Section 3 was declared unconstitutional and would no longer defend it in courts. The Section 3 part of DOMA had been marked as not constitutional by eight federal courts as of 2012.

On June 26, 2013, Section 3 of the act was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States. On December 13, 2022, it was officially repealed, or canceled, by the Respect for Marriage Act.


Blake Lively

Blake Ellender Lively ("née" Brown; born August 25, 1987) is an American actress and model who is known for her television role as Serena van der Woodsen on "Gossip Girl". She is also known for her roles in "Accepted", "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", "The Private Lives of Pippa Lee", "The Town", "Green Lantern", "The Age of Adaline", and "Savages".

Blake Ellender Brown was born on August 25, 1987 in Tarzana, California. She studied at Beverly Hills High School. She married Ryan Reynolds in September 2012 and shares four children with him. 


Queen Heonae

Queen Heonae (; 962-1029) was a queen of the Goryeo dynasty of Korea. She was also a politician. She was the second wife of the 5th king, Gyungjong. She was also mother of the 7th king, Mokjong, and the elder sister of the 6th king, Seongjong. Heonae ruled as Regent from 997 to 999 during the early years of her son King Mokjong's reign.


Transfection

Transfection is the process of deliberately introducing DNA or RNA into cells. The word is formed from
transformation and infection. 
The term is used for:

Transfection can result in unexpected morphologies and abnormalities in target cells. Transfection with RNA molecules produces changes which cannot be permanently transmitted down a line of cells.

A DNA construct is an artificially constructed bit of nucleic acid which is going to be 'transplanted' into a target tissue or cell. It may include a DNA insert, which contains the gene sequence coding for a protein of interest.

The DNA insert is the heart of the molecular biology vector. This is a general term for a vehicle used to transfer foreign genetic material into another cell. Transfection of animal cells usually involves opening temporary pores (holes) in the cell membrane, to allow the cells to take up the vector.

Purity

Purity means that a substance is all the same. There are no contaminants or other things added. The word also means no badness in a person's character.

Purity may also refer to:

Antibiotic resistance

Antibiotics kill certain types of bacteria. Over time, those bacteria change to develop resistance to the antibiotics. Called antibiotic resistance, this is one of the most serious problems facing modern surgery and medicine. It is also one of the best examples of evolution in action. According to The Lancet, at least 1.2 million people died because of drug-resistant bacterial infections in 2019, more than from HIV or malaria.

Antibiotic resistance spreads very quickly, far faster than microbiologists expected. "As long as new drugs keep coming, resistance is not a problem. "But there has not been a new class of antibiotics discovered since the 1980s"". Some scientists have developed new antibiotics to combat resistant bacteria. However, there is a lag-time of about eight years between discovery and possible availability for general use. The process is also extremely costly.

The National Health Service is encouraging pharmaceutical companies to create new treatments by paying up to £20 million a year for new antibiotics no matter how many are prescribed, so they so they get paid even if the drugs are just kept in reserve for special cases or an emergency. 

A well-known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms. Since the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, antibiotics have been used to fight bacterial diseases. Natural populations of bacteria contain, among their vast numbers of individual members, considerable variation in their genetic material, as the result of mutations. When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible. If the exposure to antibiotics is short, these individuals will survive the treatment.

In Fleming's 1945 Nobel Prize lecture he said:

The mechanisms of which the bacteria undergo to become antibiotic resistant are via genetic mutation and horizontal gene transfer. 

All surgery that involves cutting open the body poses massive risks of infection. Antibiotics given before and after surgery allow surgeons to do operations that would have been deadly before. Open-heart surgery is one obvious example.

Cancer treatments such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy damage the immune system. Antibiotics are prescribed to boost the body's natural defences. Patients with organ transplants always use drugs to suppress the immune system, otherwise it attacks the transplant. Therefore, antibiotics are used to protect the body. Without effective antibiotics, both sets of patients might die from infections which their immune systems could no longer control.

Medical uses are also threatened. The number of tests coming back with resistance to carbapenems, one of the most powerful groups of antibiotics, has soared from a handful of cases in 2003 to more than 300 cases by 2010. "My lab is seeing an increasing number of resistant strains year on year," said Prof Neil Woodford, of the Health Protection Agency's antimicrobial resistance unit. Most cases are resistant to some drugs. Even worse, there are a few cases of strains which "no antibiotic can touch".

Many infections which were almost eliminated are coming back. The sexually transmitted disease gonorrhoea is becoming increasingly difficult to treat. Around the world, multi-drug resistant and extremely-drug resistant tuberculosis is a growing problem. Only a couple of drugs still work.

Infections that hit the elderly when they are in hospital are one of the main concerns. The greatest threat in the UK is opportunistic bugs which live in the gut such as "E. coli" and "Klebsiella". They are now the most common form of infection which patients get in hospital. They show rising levels of resistance to antibiotics.

The UK Cabinet Office has issued a warning by the National Risk Register for Civil Emergencies. It says "the number of infections complicated by antimicrobial resistance could increase markedly over the next 20 years". "Without effective antibiotics, even minor surgery and routine operations could become high-risk procedures, leading to increased duration of illness and ultimately premature mortality".

The WHO has issued similar assessments:

The WHO has now listed the world's most threatening superbugs. Antibiotic resistant infections are being seen all over the world. In 2023 it said AMR has been associated with almost 5 million deaths a year and had cost the world $100 trillion in global economic losses.

About 70 per cent of antibiotics are given to farm animals to prevent disease. .Campaigners against misuse of antibiotics have raised the issue of antibiotics used in farming at company meetings, especially North American fast-food restaurant companies. 

Given enough time, and repeated exposure to the antibiotic, a population of antibiotic-resistant bacteria will emerge. This leads to what is known as an evolutionary arms race, or co-evolution, in which bacteria continue to develop strains that are less susceptible to antibiotics, while medical researchers continue to develop new antibiotics that can kill them. A similar situation occurs with pesticide resistance in plants and insects, and with malarial resistance to quinine.

A man in the UK has caught the "world's worst-ever case" of gonorrhoea, a sexually-transmitted disease. The main treatment by antibiotics azithromycin and ceftriaxone has failed to cure the disease. An authority said "This is the first time a case has displayed such high-level resistance to both of these drugs and to most other commonly used antibiotics".

New strains of Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA) have emerged that are resistant the next generation of drugs.

Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease caused by bacteria. It is caused by various types of mycobacteria, usually "Mycobacterium tuberculosis". The disease usually attacks the lungs, but it can also affect other parts of the body. The pathogen can travel through the air, and spread from one person to the next. Experts believe that one third of the world population is infected with "M. tuberculosis". New infections occur at a rate of one per second.

Drug-resistant TB is a serious public health issue in many developing countries, as its treatment is longer and requires more expensive drugs. MDR-TB is defined as resistance to the two most effective first-line TB drugs: rifampicin and isoniazid. "Extensively drug-resistant TB" is also resistant to three or more of the six classes of second-line drugs.

Totally drug-resistant TB was first observed in 2003 in Italy, but not widely reported until 2012. It is resistant to all currently used drugs.

Malaria infections are not caused by bacteria: they are caused by a protozoan parasite injected into the blood by a mosquito. They are normally treated by a combination of two drugs, artemether-lumefantrine. In 2017 four cases occurred in Britain where the drugs have failed. The patients got the disease in Africa. A doctor said "It is an early sign and we need to take it quite seriously as it may be snowballing into something with greater impact".

"Teixobactin" is an antibiotic discovered in 2015, the first new antibiotic discovered for forty years. It is not yet licensed for general use. It works against all gram-positive bacteria such as "Staphylococcus aureus" and against some other bacteria such as "Mycobacterium tuberculosis".

Stanford R. Ovshinsky

Stanford Robert Ovshinsky (November 24, 1922 – October 17, 2012) was an American inventor and scientist. He had well over 400 patents over fifty years. Most of these were in the areas of energy and information. Many of his inventions have had many uses. Among the most important are: 

Wilhelm Wulff

Wilhelm Theodor H. Wulff (27 March 1892 – 9 June 1979) was a German-Austrian astrologer and writer. He is best known for the 1973 book "Zodiac and Swastika". The book tells about his time as an astrologer in Nazi Germany near the end of World War II. He was Heinrich Himmler's astrologer.

Peter Mark Richman

Peter Mark Richman (born Marvin Jack Richman, April 16, 1927 – January 14, 2021) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who was known for his roles in productions like "", "", "Friendly Persuasion", "Agent for H.A.R.M" and "Dark Intruder". He also provided his voice in cartoons such as "Spider-Man: The Animated Series". His career began in 1949.

Richman was born on April 16, 1927 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Yetta Dora Peck and to Benjamin Richman. Richman studied at the Actors Studio. He married to Helen Richman in 1953. They had five children. Richman died of natural causes on January 14, 2021 at his Los Angeles home, aged 93.


Jada Pinkett Smith

Jada Koren Pinkett Smith (born September 18, 1971) is an American movie, television, voice actress, movie produer and director, singer-songwriter, writers, and businesswoman. She is known for her roles as Carla Purty in "The Nutty Professor" and as Gloria the Hippo in "Madagascar", "", and in "". Jada was also entangled with August Alsina in 2016. She won an Image Award in 2010.

Smith was born on September 18, 1971 in Baltimore, Maryland. She studied at the Baltimore School for the Arts and at North Carolina School for the Arts. Smith was married to Will Smith since 1997. They have three children.


John Carradine

John Carradine (Richmond Reed Carradine; February 5, 1906 – November 27, 1988) was an American movie, television, voice, stage, and radio actor who is known for his roles in "House of Dracula", "House of Frankenstein", "The Grapes Wrath", "Stagecoach", "Billy the Kid vs. Dracula", and in "House of the Long Shadows". He has won an Daytime Emmy Award.

Carradine was born on February 5, 1906 in New York City, New York. Carradine was married to Ardanelle McCool from 1935 until they divorced in 1944. Then he was married to Sonia Sorel from 1944 until they divorced in 1956. Then he was married to Doris Rich from 1957 until her death in 1971. Then he was last married to Emily Cisneros from 1975 until his death in 1988. He has five children, Bruce (his McCool's son whom he adopted), David, Christopher, Keith and Robert.

Carradine died on November 27, 1988 in Milan, Italy from multiple organ failure, aged 82.


Mitch McConnell

Addison Mitchell "Mitch" McConnell, Jr. (born February 20, 1942) is the senior United States Senator from Kentucky. A member of the Republican Party, he is the Minority Leader of the Senate, succeeding Chuck Schumer. He is the longest-serving U.S. Senator in Kentucky history. McConnell holds conservative positions, despite regarding as a moderate Republican early in his career.

Mitch McConnell was born to Julia (née Shockley) and Addison Mitchell McConnell at Helen Keller Memorial Hospital in Sheffield, Alabama on February 20, 1942. He grew up in segregated Athens, Alabama. They moved to southern Louisville, Kentucky and McConnell attended the duPont Manual High School. In 1964, he graduated with honors from the University of Louisville with a B.A. in political science. He graduated in 1967 from the University of Kentucky College of Law.

In 1984, McConnell ran for the United States Senate against two-term Democratic incumbent Walter "Dee" Huddleston. The election race wasn't decided until the last polls returned came in, and McConnell won by a thin margin—only 5,200 votes out of more than 1.8 million votes cast, just over 0.4%. 

McConnell was the only Republican Senate challenger to win that year, despite Ronald Reagan's landslide victory in the presidential election. Part of McConnell's success came from a series of television campaign spots called "Where's Dee", which featured a group of bloodhounds trying to find Huddleston, implying that Huddleston's attendance record in the Senate was less than stellar. It is likely that he was helped by Ronald Reagan's 21-point win in Kentucky that year. His campaign bumper stickers and television ads asked voters to "Switch to Mitch".

McConnell has repeatedly been found to have the lowest home state approval rating of any sitting senator.

McConnell is a member of the Baptist Church. His first wife was Sherrill Redmon, from whom he was later divorced; they have three daughters. His second wife, whom he married in 1993, is Elaine Chao, the Secretary of Transportation under Donald Trump and the former Secretary of Labor under George W. Bush (the first Asian American woman to serve in the Cabinet).

Senator McConnell's personal fortune was between $9,839,049 to $44,587,000 in 2010 and he was ranked as the 10th wealthiest member of the U.S. Senate.


Leopard gecko

The leopard gecko, also known as the panther gecko or the common leopard gecko, is a medium-sized lizard. They live in the southern part of Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northwest India, and parts of Iran. They live in dry rocky regions, dry grasslands and deserts.

Leopard geckos are around 7-9 inches (17.8-22.9 cm avg female)& (20-28 avg male) long, with large heads, big eyes with oval-shaped pupils, thin toes, and, unlike other reptiles, they have eyelids. They have thick tails that narrow to a point and, like their bodies and heads, are slightly flattened from top to bottom. Most of their scales are small and rough. Spaced rows of larger, bumpy scales give them a knobby, rough look, but they are actually soft when touched.
Baby leopard geckos are 85 

mm long when they hatch, and when they hatch they have dark bands which go around their bodies.These bands lighten as the babies grow into adults which have spots instead of bands. Leopard geckos are normally lavender or yellow in colour, but pet leopard geckos come in different "colour morphs" like albino, "Banana blizzard", "Blizzard", "Ghost", "High Yellow", "Hyper Xanthic", "Jungle", "Leucistic", "Normal" or "Wild", "Patternless", "Red-stripe", "Snow", "Tremper Albino" and many more.

Like many lizards, the leopard gecko has a tail that breaks off when grabbed by a predator. The tail breaks at a crack in the vertebra, and the surrounding muscles are arranged so that they separate neatly and instantly. A muscle closes around the artery in the tail at the point of the break and stops blood loss. Normally a new tail grows back. This method helps the leopard gecko to escape when attacked. Leopard geckos also have teeth and they are born with about 100 teeth. 
The leopard gecko is found in dry rocky regions, dry grasslands and deserts of southern Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northwest India, and parts of Iran.
The temperatures of these areas during winter can be quite low, below , forcing the animals underground into semi-hibernation, called "brumation", and they live on fat reserves. Leopard geckos are crepuscular reptiles; during the day they hide in burrows, but they are active at dawn and dusk when the temperature is favorable.

Leopard Geckos are friendly, docile creatures by nature, but they sometimes bite. If held in a human hand they will only bite if they mistake a finger for food, or if the person is holding the gecko too tightly.

In the wild, leopard geckos feed mainly on insects, centipedes, spiders, snails, small lizards, birds, and bird eggs. In captivity they feed on mealworms, crickets, and sometimes baby mice.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years. Mating usually happens during the rainy season. During courtship, the male walks alongside the female, licking and lightly biting her side. He then grasps her neck in his mouth. If she accepts to mate with him, she lifts her tail allowing the male to insert one of his paired copulatory organs, called hemipenes. Female leopard geckos can store sperm in their reproductive tracts for 15 months or more. They can lay up to five clutches of one or (usually) two eggs during the five month breeding season, and may use some of the stored sperm to fertilize each clutch. The eggs hatch after around 55 days.

There are five subspecies of the Leopard gecko:

Pitchblende

Pitchblende is a radioactive, uranium-rich mineral and ore. It has a chemical composition that is largely UO, but also contains UO and oxides of lead, thorium, and rare earth elements. It is known as pitchblende due to its black color and high density. It is also commonly referred to as Uraninite. 

The mineral has been known at least since the 15th century from silver mines in the Ore Mountains, on the German/Czech border. Pitchblende found in Germany was used by M. Klaproth in 1789 to discover the element uranium.

Pitchblende contains a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium. Because the uranium isotopes U and U will decay to form the lead isotopes Pb and Pb, pitchblende also always has small amounts of lead. Small amounts of helium are also present in pitchblend as a result of alpha decay. 

Helium was first found on Earth in pitchblende after having been discovered in the Sun's atmosphere.

Pitchblende is a major ore of uranium. 

Some of the highest grade uranium ores in the world were found in the Shinkolobwe mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (the initial source for the Manhattan Project) and in the Athabasca Basin in northern Canada. 

Another important source of pitchblende is at Great Bear Lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada, where it is found in large quantities associated with silver. It also occurs in Australia, Germany, England, and South Africa. In the United States it can be found in the states of New Hampshire, Connecticut, North Carolina, Wyoming, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico.

Uranium ore is generally processed close to the mine into yellowcake, which is an intermediate step in the processing of uranium.


Rare earth element

Rare earth elements ("REEs") are a set of seventeen chemical elements. They include the fifteen lanthanides plus scandium and yttrium. Scandium and yttrium are rare earth elements since they are often found in the same ore deposits as the lanthanides and have similar chemical properties.

Although they are called rare, rare earth elements are not extremely rare on Earth. They were called this because they are spread very evenly over the Earth, so it is hard to find a lot in one place. Promethium is rare, because it is radioactive, and decays.

Cerium, one of the lanthanides, is the 25th most common element in the Earth's crust. However, most rare earth elements are not found concentrated or in pure forms.

This is a table of the seventeen rare earth elements, their atomic number and symbol, the origin of their names, and some of their uses. Some of the rare earths are named after the scientists who discovered them, and some are named based on where they were discovered.
Rare earth elements are heavier than iron. They are made by supernovae (exploding stars). In nature, fission of uranium-238 creates very small amounts of radioactive promethium. Most promethium is synthetically created in nuclear reactors.

Rare earth elements change through time in small quantities (ppm, parts per million). Their proportion can be used for geologic dating and dating fossils.

The rare earth elements are often found together. The longest-lived isotope of promethium has a half life of 17.7 years. Because of this, the element exists in nature in only very small amounts. Promethium is one of the two elements that do not have stable (non-radioactive) isotopes and are followed by stable elements (the other being technetium).

Because all lanthanides are close in size, the rare earth elements have always been hard to separate. Even with eons of geological time, separation of the lanthanides in nature has only rarely gone farther than the separation between light versus heavy lanthanides, otherwise known as the cerium and yttrium earths. This geochemical separation is shown in the first two rare earths that were discovered. These were "yttria" in 1794 and "ceria" in 1803. When first found, each was a mixture of all of the rare earths. Large ore bodies of the cerium earths can be found around the world and are being exploited. Ore bodies for yttrium are rarer. Also, they are usually smaller and less concentrated.

Until 1948, most of the world's rare earths came from sand deposits in India and Brazil. Through the 1950s, South Africa mined most of the world's rare earths. This happened after large veins of a rare earth bearing mineral were found there. 

Through the 1960s until the 1980s, a mine in California was the leading producer. Today, the Indian and South African deposits still make some rare earth concentrates, but they are very small compared to the amount being produced in China. China produces over 95% of the world's rare earth supply. Most of this has been done in Inner Mongolia, even though it had only 37% of proven reserves. These numbers have since been lowered to 90% of global production and a proven reserve rate of only 23% by 2012. All of the world's heavy rare earths (such as dysprosium) come from Chinese rare earth sources such as the polymetallic Bayan Obo deposit. In 2010, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) released a study which said the United States had 13 million metric tons of rare earth elements.

New demand for these elements is higher than the supply of them. The world may soon face a shortage of the rare earths. In several years from 2009, worldwide demand for rare earth elements is expected to be more than the supply by 40,000 tonnes each year unless new sources are developed.

These concerns have gotten larger because of the actions of China. China has said it will put regulations on exports and work to stop smuggling. On September 1, 2009, China said it is going to lower its exports to 35,000 tons per year in 2010–2015. China said that this was done to conserve rare resources and protect the environment. On October 19, 2010 "China Daily" reported that China will "further reduce quotas for rare earth exports by 30 percent at most next year to protect the precious metals from over-exploitation". At the end of 2010 China said that the first round of exports in 2011 for rare earths would be 14,446 tons. This was a 35% decrease from the first round of exports in 2010. In September 2011 China said it was stopping production at three of its eight rare earth mines. These mines produced almost 40% of China's total rare earth production. In August 2012, China said there would be another 20% reduction in production.

Because of the increased demand and the restrictions on exports of the metals from China, some countries are stockpiling rare earth resources. Searches for new sources in Australia, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, Tanzania, Greenland, and the United States are taking place. Mines in these countries were closed when China undercut world prices in the 1990s. It will take a few years to restart production.

At present Kachin State in Myanmar is the world's largest source of rare earths.

The European Union has urged the Denmark protectorate Greenland to restrict Chinese development of rare-earth projects there, as China accounts for 95 percent of the world’s current supply. As of early 2013, the government of Greenland has said that it has no plans to impose such restrictions.

Nuclear reactors are another possible source of rare earth or any other elements. Nuclear fission of uranium or plutonium creates a many elements as well as all their isotopes. However, it is not likely that creating them can be done safely and economically because of the radioactivity of many of these isotopes.

Another source of rare earths is electronic waste and other wastes that have a large amount of rare earth components. New advances in recycling technology have made getting the rare earths from these ores easier to do. Recycling plants are currently operating in Japan, where there is about 300,000 tons of rare earths in unused electronics. In France, the Rhodia group is setting up two factories in La Rochelle and Saint-Fons. These factories will produce 200 tons a year of rare earths from used fluorescent lamps, magnets and batteries.

The main usage seems to be for the kind of batteries and magnets used in high-tech apparatus. For the ordinary person, the most common use is in personal phones.

Originally, there is only one source in the universe which makes these elements. Their source is the supernovae which in their nova stage have run through the earlier elements. Some are quite common on Earth: cerium is the 25th most abundant element on Earth, and is more abundant than copper. It is just that it is too scattered to be easily exploited.

Yttrium is one of four rare earth elements which were found in the village of Ytterby in Sweden.

China has said that resource depletion and environmental concerns are the reasons for increased nationwide control of its rare earth mineral production. Non-environmental reasons have also been suggested to explain China's rare earth policy. According to "The Economist", "Slashing their exports of rare-earth metals... is all about moving Chinese manufacturers up the supply chain, so they can sell valuable finished goods to the world rather than lowly raw materials."

The United States Department of Energy in its 2010 Critical Materials Strategy report identified dysprosium as the element that was most critical in terms of import reliance.

A 2011 report issued by the U.S. Geological Survey and U.S. Department of the Interior, “China’s Rare-Earth Industry," deals with industry trends in China. It looks at national policies that may guide the future of the country's production. The report says that China’s lead in the production of rare-earth minerals has grown over the past two decades. In 1990, China accounted for only 27% of such minerals. In 2009, world production was 132,000 metric tons. China produced 129,000 of those tons. According to the report, recent patterns suggest that China will slow the export of such materials to the world: “Owing to the increase in domestic demand, the Government has gradually reduced the export quota during the past several years.” In 2006, China allowed 47 domestic rare-earth producers and traders and 12 Sino-foreign rare-earth producers to export. By 2011, there were only 22 domestic rare-earth producers and traders and 9 Sino-foreign rare-earth producers. The government’s future policies will likely keep in place strict controls: “According to China’s draft rare-earth development plan, annual rare-earth production may be limited to between 130,000 and 140,000 [metric tons] during the period from 2009 to 2015. The export quota for rare-earth products may be about 35,000 [metric tons] and the Government may allow 20 domestic rare-earth producers and traders to export rare earths.”

The United States Geological Survey is searching southern Afghanistan for rare earth deposits under the protection of United States military forces. Since 2009, the USGS has done remote surveys as well as fieldwork to verify Soviet claims that volcanic rocks containing rare earth metals exist in Helmand province near the village of Khanneshin. The USGS has found an area of rocks in the center of an extinct volcano with light rare earth elements including cerium and neodymium. It has mapped 1.3 million metric tons of useful rock. This is about 10 years of supply at current demand levels. The Pentagon has estimated its value at about $7.4 billion.

Rare earth elements are not exchange-traded in the same way that precious (for instance, gold and silver) or non-ferrous metals (such as nickel, tin, copper, and aluminium) are. Instead, they are sold on the private market. This makes their prices hard to monitor and track. However, prices are published periodically on websites such as mineralprices.com. The 17 elements are not usually sold in their pure form. They are usually distributed in mixtures of varying purity, e.g. "Neodymium metal ≥ 99.5%". because of this, pricing can vary based on the quantity and quality required by the end user.


Larry Hankin

Larry Hankin (born December 7, 1937) is an American movie, television, radio, stage, voice actor, movie director and movie producer who is known for his role as Mr. Heckles in "Friends".

Hankin was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Syracuse University.


Jonathan Harris

Jonathan Harris (Jonathan Charasuchin; November 6, 1914 – November 3, 2002) was an American movie, television, radio, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Dr. Zachary Smith in "Lost in Space".

Harris was born on November 6, 1914 in The Bronx, New York City, New York. He studied at James Monroe High School. Harris was married to Gertrude Bregman from 1938 until his death in 2002. Harris died on November 3, 2002 in Encino, Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 87.


Zenith

In astronomy, the zenith is a point "above" a particular location, in the sky. "Above" means in the opposite direction of gravity at that location. The zenith is the opposite of the nadir. The nadir is in the direction the direction that gravity pulls. The zenith is not a real point, it is used as a reference for the location of other things in the sky. 

For scientists, the zenith is the direction of reference for measuring the zenith angle. The zenith angle is the angle between a place in the sky (usually a star) and the local zenith.



Nadir

In astronomy, the nadir is a point "below" a particular location. "Below" means in the same direction of gravity at that location. The nadir is the opposite of the zenith. The nadir is not a real point. It is used as a reference for the location of other things.



Herman Bing

Herman Bing (March 30, 1889 – January 9, 1947) was a German-American character actor and voice actor. He was the brother of Gus Bing (1893–1967).
He shot himself on 9 January, 1947.

Larry Semon

Lawrence "Larry" Semon (February 9, 1889 – October 8, 1928) was an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter during the silent movie era. In his day, Semon was considered a major movie comedian. He is now remembered mainly for working with both Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy before they started working together.

Joyce Cary

Joyce Cary (born Arthur Joyce Lunel Cary; December 7, 1888 – March 29, 1957) was an Irish novelist and writer, who was born in Donegal, Ireland. 

He studied at Clifton and Trinity College, Oxford. Afterwards, he also spent some time learning art at Edinburgh and Paris. In 1913, he joined the Nigerian Political Service, under the British colonial system and was posted out to Nigeria. While working there, he also fought in the First World War, with the local Nigerian Regiment. After the end of the war, he returned to politics. However, he was becoming very sick, and was advised to retire and go back home.

After retiring back to Britain, he began to write seriously and full-time. His first novel, "Aissa Saved", was published in 1932. He published several other works after this, including "The Captive and the Free", "Herself Surprised", "A Fearful Joy", "The Horse's Mouth", "To be a Pilgrim" and others.

He died in March 1957.

Theodore Roethke

Theodore Huebner Roethke ( ; May 25, 1908 – August 1, 1963) was an American poet.

Roethke's parents were German immigrants, who settled in Michigan and started a highly prosperous floral business. He was born in Michigan. He grew up in an atmosphere of greenhouses and plants. These images stayed with him, and he often alluded to it in his work. 

He was educated at Michigan State University and then Harvard. He became a teacher and sports coach. He began to publish his poetry later, around 1941, with the publication of "Open House". However, according to critics and scholars, he really began to "mature" with his second book, "The Lost Son and Other Poems" (1948). It was followed by other critically acclaimed volumes. 

Roethke joined the University of Washington as a lecturer in 1947. He stayed there until his sudden death in 1963. 

Among other prizes and awards, he won the Pulitzer Prize (1953), the Bollinger Prize (1958), and a posthumous National Book Award (1964).


Sikandar Hayat Khan

Khan Bahadur Captain (retd) Sardar Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, KBE, (born 1892 - died 1942) was an important Punjabi statesman and popular leader. He was Governor and then Premier of this province in British India.
Sikandar Hayat was the son of Nawab Muhammad Hayat Khan, CSI, of the Khattar tribe of Wah.

After initial education at the Aligarh school and the MAO College at Aligarh (later to become the Aligarh Muslim University), he went for higher education to the King's College London. On returning home, in 1915, he enrolled as an Assistant Recruiting Officer in the Punjab, to help the British Indian Army's efforts during the First World War; and was later one of the very first natives to receive the King's Commission, as a Captain of the 67th Punjabis (later the 1st Battalion of the 2 Punjab Regiment) in 1919. After the war he started his own business ventures and also entered grassroots politics in his area.

In the 1920s, Sikandar Hayat Khan slowly began to make his mark as a statesman, and in collaboration with Sir Fazli Husain and Sir Chotu Ram became one of the founders of the Unionist Party (Punjab). This was a secular party representing all Punjabis of different creeds mostly united by the "zamindar" (rural/agrarian) interest, and it soon became the most popular political group in the province. Due to his special services at this time, in various ways, the Government of British India granted a knighthood to Sir Sikandar. Between 1932 and 1934 he also had the unique honour of being the only native to be appointed acting Governor of the Punjab under British rule.

Thereafter, for a brief while, Sir Sikandar also worked as Deputy-Governor of the Reserve Bank of India but in July 1936, on the demise of Sir Fazli Husain, he returned to take on leadership of the Unionist party for the general elections held in Winter of the same year, winning by a simple majority and forming a coalition government along with the Indian National Congress and the Sikh Akali Dal. Sikandar was now chosen as Leader of the House and the Premier or Chief Minister of the Punjab. He remained in this position from 1937 to December 1942, when he died of a sudden heart failure.

Between 1939 and 1942, when he died, Sir Sikandar supported the British struggle against Nazi Germany and believed in cooperating with the British government in the Second World War. He believed that this support would be good for India and help it towards independence after the War ended. He was very active in maximizing recruitment of troops from the Punjab as part of the 'war effort' and even made morale-boosting tours of the Middle East where most Indian (especially Punjabi)troops where serving. The Muslim League leadership agreed with this perspective of his and also announced full cooperation with the British Raj, or government, to achieve their own ends.

Soon after winning the general elections in 1937, Sir Sikandar felt conscious of the need to maintain a balanced stance in a volatile and divided Punjabi political system. He thus decided to also negotiate with the All India Muslim League under the leadership of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. As a result, he and Jinnah signed the Jinnah-Sikandar Pact at Lucknow in October 1937, merging the Muslim elements of his powerful Unionist party with the Muslim League, as a move towards forming a common, united front for safeguarding their community rights and interests in India. He was also later one of the chief supporters and architects of the Lahore Resolution, March 1940, calling for an autonomous or semi-independent Muslim majority region within the larger Indian confederation—which demand later led to the demand for an independent Pakistan.

At the time of his sudden death in December 1942, Sir Sikandar was honoured by the people of Lahore and granted burial outside the old Badshahi Mosque there, on the other side from Allama Muhammad Iqbal, the poet. Much of his work was left half done, in particular his plan to help the British war effort towards eventual Indian freedom, and his attempts to weld the Punjab together and save it from communal friction. Many historians have opined that Sir Sikandar's early demise at the age of 50 was, arguably, a major blow to the Indian freedom movements, especially to the Punjab. He wished to preserve this intact, within a larger Indian Confederation whereby his own Muslim community could enjoy full and maximum freedom and self-governance without truncating India or the Punjab region. He was too well aware of the potential bloodbath and conflict resulting from any such division or separation which, alas, was witnessed on such massive scale at the time of the August 1947 Partition of India and Pakistan. It would thus not be wrong to say that Sir Sikandar's presence would certainly have been a 'moderating influence—and his death must be reckoned a great misfortune [at the time]".

Indirectly, however, in due course, his eldest son Shaukat Hayat Khan, would take on a significant role in assisting the All India Muslim League in winning an independent Pakistan, finally, in a somewhat different interpretation of the father's intentions.


Abdul Majid Khan Tarin

Khan Abdul Majid Khan Tarin, Khan Sahib, OBE (1877–1939) was a prominent magistrate, judge and later MLA, of the NWFP assembly, in British India. 

He was the son of a tribal Tarin (or Tareen) chieftain and cavalry officer, Sardar Habib Khan (1829–1888), Nawab-Bahadur, Risaldar; and was born in Talokar village, near Haripur, in what was later to be the Hazara area of the NWFP, in British India. After his father's death he was educated by English tutors and then sent to Aitchison College, Lahore for studies. Later, he was sent to England and became a Barrister.

Abdul Majid Khan Tarin was a Magistrate and Judge in the Punjab service from 1902 to 1934 and then, after his retirement, he joined the All India Muslim League. In 1937 he was elected an MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) of the North-West Frontier Province but could not complete his tenure there as he died in September 1939, after a short illness.

His son Khan Abdus Salim Khan was a Pakistani diplomat who was ambassador in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), Japan, USA and the UK and his daughter-in-law Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan was later Pakistan's first woman minister during the regime of General Ayub Khan. One of his great-grandsons is the Pakistani poet and scholar, Omer Tarin.

Majid Khan Tarin was also a very active early philanthropist of his area and opened many educational institutions and set up a medical ward for Tuberculosis patients at the Haripur government hospital. His family has continued this charitable tradition.

Khattar (clan)

Khattar (, ) is a tribe found in northern part of Punjab mainly in Rawalpindi and Attock districts and some parts of KPK in Pakistan

British army officer before partition Served in Prince Albert Victor Cavalry after partition 11 FF unit of Pakistan army. Khattar From Haripur


Shaukat Hayat Khan

Major Sardar Shaukat Hayat Khan (1915-1998) was a leader of the All India Muslim League from the Punjab province of British India, later Pakistan; and he worked as a close assistant to Muhammad Ali Jinnah in the Pakistan Independence Movement from circa 1942/43 to 1947. 

He was the eldest son of the former Punjabi statesman and leader, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan. As a young man, he joined the British Indian Army and served up to the rank of Major before resigning in 1942, on his father's death.

From 1942 to 1947, Khan was active as a leading Punjabi member of the All India Muslim League and assisted the founder of Pakistan, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, in the efforts to obtain a separate Muslim nation-state when the British left India. In 1946, he was given the title of "Shaukat i Punjab" (The pride of the Punjab: a play on his name) by Jinnah himself.

After 1947, for quite some time he remained an active political figure and member of parliament. However, gradually between the 1960s and 1980s he became increasingly disillusioned by the corruption and dishonesty of politics in Pakistan and finally quit. He died in September 1998, at Islamabad.

Aitchison College

The Aitchison College is Pakistan's most prestigious school and college. It is in the old and historical Punjabi city of Lahore. The school was started during British colonial rule, in 1886. It was first called the 'Punjab Chiefs' School and College'. It is named after Sir Charles Umpherston Aitchison, who was Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab. Only boys aged 4 to 19 go there. 

Tarin

Tarin (also written as Tareen), are a large Pashtun tribe. They mostly live in parts of Pakistan and Afghanistan.

The Durrani tribe, which ruled Afghanistan for quite some time, is a branch descended from the main Tarin tribe.

Kim (novel)

Kim was a famous book. It is a novel by the Nobel Prize winning English writer, Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in 1901.

The book is set after the Second Anglo-Afghan War which ended in 1881, but before the Third, probably in the period 1893–98 The novel is notable for its detailed picture of the people, culture, and varied religions of India.

The novel tells the story of a young Irish orphan, Kimball O'Hara, better known as 'Kim'. He is living in British India and brought up by his "ayah" (nursemaid) in the old Punjabi city of Lahore (now in Pakistan). Kim meets a Buddhist Lama (priest) and has many exciting adventures, traveling along the Grand Trunk Road. Some other interesting characters in this story are Mahbub Ali, Colonel Creighton, Lurgan-sahib and Hurree Chandar Mukerjee.

"Kim" is Kipling's most important work and a significant work about India and the British Raj, and the famous 'Great Game' of espionage played there between the British Empire and Russia in the 19th century. It is also his most 'enchanting' prose work and may well be compared to other great English literary classics by Geoffrey Chaucer, Shakespeare and Charles Dickens.

Maamme

"Maamme" (, meaning "Our Land") is the national anthem of Finland. The words of the song are based on the first chapter of the Swedish epic poem called "The Tales of Ensign Stål", which was written by a priest named Johan Ludvig Runeberg, who was the national poet of Finland at the time. These words were later translated into the Finnish language. The melody of this song was composed by German-born musician Fredrich Pacius around the same time.

The national anthem of Finland is "de facto"; in other words, the Finnish national anthem is not official, because the Constitution has yet to mention a national anthem.

This melody of the song is also the same one used in the national anthem of neighbouring Estonia.

The original text to the song has eleven verses, but nowadays, only the first and last verses (highlighted in bold) are part of the national anthem. However, three verses – the first in Finnish and in Swedish, and the last in Finnish – can be sung if among the singers are Swedes and Finns together.

Chief Justice of Pakistan

The Chief Justice of Pakistan heads the Supreme Court of Pakistan. These are the names of the Chief Justices of the Supreme Court of Pakistan (known as the Federal Court until 1960).


WebCite

WebCite is a service that archives web pages. A user asks WebCite to archive a certain URL, and then WebCite will make a copy of what the page looks like at that time. Authors use this when writing citations. If the webpage changes or is removed ("link rot"), there is still a copy on WebCite. This is very important when writing papers for academic journals or for school. Using the WebCite service is free (it costs no money.)

WebCite saves many kinds of internet content. Some of these are:

It also saves some information ("metadata") about the original content. This information includes the time it was saved, the MIME type, and how long it is. This information is useful because it can prove that the archive version is authentic.

JQuery

jQuery is a JavaScript library created to make it easier and simpler to write JavaScript and HTML. It works on most web browsers and was invented by John Resig. The first release was in January 2006 at BarCamp NYC. Today there is a team of programmers working on jQuery, which is led by Dave Methvin.

Today, more than 55% of the 10,000 most-visited websites use jQuery, hence it is the most popular JavaScript library being used today. It is free and open source software and licensed under the MIT License.

jQuery's syntax is designed to make it easier to write complicated JavaScript. Some things that are easier to do using jQuery are:
It also allows programmers to make their own jQuery plug-ins. 

Companies like Microsoft and Nokia have said that they are going to include jQuery on their mobile platforms. In addition, Microsoft is including jQuery in its Visual Studio software to use with the ASP.NET AJAX framework and ASP.NET MVC Framework. Nokia has included it in their Web Run-Time widget development platform. jQuery has also been used in MediaWiki since version 1.16.


Little Mix

Little Mix were a British girl band consisting of Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall. Former member Jesy Nelson left the band in December 2020 due to mental health issues. They were the winners of the 2011 series of Britain's television competition "The X Factor". Their winning single was called 'Cannonball' peaked at the top of the UK Singles Chart becoming their first number-one single. Their first album was released on 18 November 2012 and is called 'DNA'.

The band sold over 60 million records making them one of the best-selling girl groups of all-time. Little Mix was the first girl band to win "The X Factor".

Little Mix entered the competition as four separate acts in the "Girls" category. They were put together as a group by the judges later on in the competition. They were originally called Rhythmix. Their mentor in the competition was Tulisa Contostavlos, an R&B singer and songwriter best known as part of hip hop trio N-Dubz. Little Mix won the competition in December 2011, beating Marcus Collins and Amelia Lily in the final.



Marbled cat

The marbled cat ("Pardofelis marmorata") is a small wild cat of South and Southeast Asia. Its head and body length is 45 – 62 cm (18 - 24") and it weighs 2 – 5 kg (4 - 11 lb). 

Genetic analysis has shown that it is closely related with the Asian golden cat and the bay cat, which diverged from the other felids about 9.4 million years ago. Therefore, it may probably be transferred to the genus "Catopuma".

Its tail is extremely long and bushy. The background color of its fur varies from dark gray-brown through yellowish gray to red-brown. The flanks and back are strikingly marked with large, irregular, dark-edged blotches. The legs and underparts are marked with black dots, and the tail is marked with black spots and rings. There are spots on the forehead and crown, which merge into narrow longitudinal stripes on the neck and irregular stripes on the back.

The marbled cat is found in northern India, Nepal, Guangxi and Yunnan provinces in China, and south through Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam, peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra (Indonesia), and Borneo. Throughout its range it is thought to be rare, although it has also been suggested that the perception of the marbled cat's rarity may be caused by its secretive nature and its preference for remote forest areas.

Cheng Shuang

Cheng Shuang (; born February 11, 1987) is a Chinese female aerial skier who took part in the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Cheng won the gold medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.

American League East

The American League East is a group of baseball teams in the American League of Major League Baseball. It is one of the six divisions in the MLB. There are five teams in this division. Four of the five teams are from the eastern United States, and one team is from Canada.


Ugnu–Kuparuk Airport

Ugnu-Kuparuk Airport is a private airport in Kuparuk, Alaska, United States. It is owned by ConocoPhilips Alaska. ConocoPhilips is an energy company that runs the oil field in Kuparuk. It is used for most cargo-transferring and sometimes air-taxi.

African golden cat

The African golden cat ("Caracal aurata") is a medium-sized cat. This cat was previously listed as "Profelis aurata". It weighs about on average. The underside of its chest and chin are normally light-colored. In rare cases, they are pure white. This cat is closely related to the caracal.

Its fur color can change over time. This is affected by its age and other factors.
The head of an African golden cat has light spots around the eyes. In the 1960s, studies were done that showed that various colors of the African golden cat (red, brown, silver) were found in equal numbers in most areas of their habitats. Distinctive spots on the back of the cat are only found on cats in West Africa. 

Normally, the habitat of the African golden cat is in the tropical rainforests found along the equator in Africa.

Hakim Ahmad Shuja

Hakim Ahmad Shuja MBE (1893-1969) was an Urdu poet, playwright, scholar and early movie writer and lyricist of British India, later Pakistan.

He was born in Lahore's old 'walled city'. Shuja wrote about the history and ethos of its Bhaati Gate and Bazaar i Hakiman areas in his memoirs "Lahore ka Chelsea"(circa 1960s). He is accounted to be one of the old city's notable Lahoris.

He is best known today for writing the screenplays for many early Indian and Pakistani movies and for composing romantic lyrics and songs for some of them. His son, Anwar Kamal Pasha, later became a major Pakistani film director and producer.

Wide Awake

"Wide Awake" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. The single was released May 22, 2012, via Capitol Records as the second and final single from "Teenage Dream: The Complete Connection", a re-release of Perry's third studio album, "Teenage Dream". The song was well acclaimed by music critics, many of whom gave the maturity of Perry as a reason for citing. The song hit number 1 in several countries, including Canada, Poland, New Zealand, and Venezuela, while it peaked at number 2 in the United States. The single is among a string of hits by Perry. It is an electronic song about moving on and taking hardships when breaking up. The song was certified quintuple-platinum in the US for sales and streams of over five million copies. It ranked at number 15 on "Billboard"'s Year-End Hot 100 of 2012 in the US Katy Perry wrote .

The video for "Wide Awake" begins with Perry behind the scenes on the set of the music video for "California Gurls". She goes to her dressing room and stares at her reflection in the mirror. Perry is then seen in a dark forest, holding a lantern and trying to escape it like a maze. She meets a younger version of herself and eats a strawberry from a tree, which poisons her. Later, Katy and her younger self exit to find Katy's "Prince Charming" who crosses his fingers behind his back in distrust. Katy punches him, and her younger self is seen riding away on a bike with a name plate reading "Katheryn," Katy Perry's first name. The video ends with Katy singing "Teenage Dream" on the California Dreams Tour. 

Taufiq Rafat

Taufiq Rafat was born in 1927 in Sialkot. He got his education from Dehra Dun, Aligarh and Lahore. He was a famous Pakistani poet and writer as well. He was regarded as pioneer of English language poetry and writing in Pakistan. He has depicted the real culture of Pakistan in his writings. He was an admirer of Ezra Pound, T. S Eliot and W. H Auden. Taufiq Rafat is the one poet whose work has appeared in all three of Pakistan's major anthologies. First Voices (1965), Pieces of Eight (1971) and Wordfall (1975). He also wrote a full-length play in verse: The Foothold, which remains unpublished but was performed by The Government College Dramatic Club in Lahore. He has been a guide, mentor and critic to many younger poets. His major work is considered his collection of poems Arrival of the Monsoon. He also translated the epic Puran Bhagat (1983) of Punjabi poet Bulleh Shah and Qadir Yar into lyrical English. He uses a very simple language instead of complex implications which is easy to understand and interpret. Tofique Rafat doesn't portrait the diasporic element but identity crisis in a ver distinctive way.

Daud Kamal

Daud Kamal (1935–1987) was a Pakistani poet and academic, from Peshawar city. He was a Professor of English Literature at University of Peshawar.

Alamgir Hashmi

Alamgir Hashmi (also Aurangzeb Alamgir Hashmi; born 15 November 1951) is a significant Pakistani poet who writes in English. His poems have received critical acclaim.

Bapsi Sidhwa

Bapsi Sidhwa (née Bhandara; born 1938 in Lahore) is a Pakistani writer. She writes in English. Sidwa now lives in Houston, Texas, United States.

She is best known for her novels, "The Crow Eaters" (1978), "The Bride" (1982), "Cracking India" (1991), "An American Brat" (1993) and "Water: A Novel" (2006).

List of Pakistani writers

This is a list of writers from Pakistan. It is only partly complete. It includes writers of both fiction and non-fiction, writing in any language.























Gheba tribe

The Gheba tribe are a tribe from the Punjab, mostly located in the North-western portion of Rawalpindi Tehsil and Fateh Jang Tehsil of Attock District of Pakistan. They are generally classified as .

The origins of the Ghebas is subject to some dispute or controversy for quite some time; according to most scholars, historians and early British Indian administrators of their native areas, the Ghebas, like their close kin the Jodhra tribe and Alpial, are of Hindu origins, probably Rajputs. Most of them settled in North-western portion of Rawalpindi Tehsil and Fateh Jang Tehsil. They were at one time spread out over a broader area, in both Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa areas of what is now Pakistan but over time, their main population came to live in Attock and Rawalpindi districts of northern Punjab. They were most probably descended from one Raja Dayanand, a Chauhan Rajput, through Rai Shankar, whose offspring 'Rai Gheba' converted to Islam and was given the title of 'Gheba Khan'. They have been Muslims since then and sizeable landowners in the districts they live in.

There is another view, often believed by most of the Gheba families, that they are not really Rajputs or Jatts but are Barlas Mughals,

Whatever their origins, the Ghebas continue to be among the biggest landowners of northern Punjab, in present-day Pakistan. Popular villages of Gheba Sardars in Fateh jang are , Tajabara,Majia,jeendhar, Asthaal, Malal, Dhurnal, Dhari-Rai-Ditt and Shehr Rai-Sadullah-Khan ,khunda and Dehdar. several other villages that Ghebas own as landlord ,the arians are living in those villages as a tenents.
The biggest and most important village of Ghebas Sardars in Attock area is Kot Fateh Khan, which is part of the "Jagir" estate of the Sardar of Kot.

Most of the Ghebas are landowners and engaged in agricultural activities.


Jodhra

The Jodhra are a North Punjabi Rajput tribe who are located in Punjab's district of Attock, they are densely populated in Tehsil Pindi Gheb. Jodhra Rajputs are closely allied with the Ghebas,Khans of Makhad.
Sir Lepel Griffins book talks about their history.

The Jodhra tribe converted to Islam in the hand of Mahmud of Ghazni, they came to Attock in the end 16th Century and got their hands on much of the land of north Punjab mainly the 'illaquas' of Sohan, Sill, Talagang and Chakwal. The Jodhra were independent Chiefs keeping up a large body of armed retainers. They saw their peak in the times of Malik Aulia Khan after which owing to family feuds and other causes the tribe has lost much of its original prosperity.
Their fights with Gheba tribe were an essential part of their history and were known as 'arch-rivals' and enemies but now the two tribes inter-marry and are on friendly terms.In Sir Lepel Griffins book it is stated that the Jodhra are men of principles who could kill for their prestige, they are strong, proud of their culture and traditions. They also breed horses and are fond of hawking and field sports, they prefer service in cavalry to infantry. 
There are two major and powerful jodhra families in Pindi Gheb and Fateh jang: "The Kamrial Family" & "The Khunda Family"
"kamrial family has a long history dated centuries back to the times of mughal & british empire, known for their valour. kamrial family comprises of people of kamrial mostly landlords businessmen and politicians their land ownership have a stretch of 13 villages which got squeezed after land reforms during ayub khan's martial law. kamrial family is headed by its powerful leaders but in the political arena they are mainly headed by two brothers Malik ahmed khan and Malik lal khan, Both esteemed businessmen. Malik lal also served in national assembly of pakistan twice and held the office as Parliamentary secretary, his son malik sohail khan is currently MNA from PML-N and ex vice chairman of district attock. Elder son of malik ahmed, malik sajjad khan kamrial is also getting alot of traction in public as an emerging brave face of PTI in attock, younger brother of sajjad; Malik Shabbar khan is Malik Ahmed Khan's younger son who is currently the deputy Chief of 'Citizen Police Liaison Committee'.
This family is very strong not only in Attock but in whole Pakistan but it is said that they hold grudges among themselves.

"The Khunda Family" is also a very famous & powerful family who are landlords with a big stretch across fatehjang and are politicians. They and the Kamrial family go along well. Their main man was Malik Allahyar Khan who was rumored to be the Chief Minister of Punjab, his younger brother Malik Atta Muhammad khan who is the chief of Khunda family was also Attock district's chairman. Malik Allahyar Khan's younger son Malik Aitebar Khan is a previous MPA and MNA, his elder brother Malik Sheheryar Khan also contested 2018's general election, he has also been a civil officer. 

The Jodhra are strong and powerful in Attock who use the Title Malik which was traditionally 'MALAK'.

Deadhorse, Alaska

Deadhorse is a town in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States. It is an unincorporated community. It is known for its production of oil.

Deadhorse is near Prudhoe Bay, which located along the coastline of Arctic Ocean. The James Dalton Highway connects Deadhorse with Fairbanks. Companies can send oil from Deadhorse, using the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS) to the southern part of Alaska.

Tourists can take buses from Fairbanks using the Dalton Highway to get to Deadhorse. The town is in the Arctic Circle. Tourists can see the Sun at midnight in the summer. Kinds of animals, like arctic foxes, can been seen in this area.

Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan

Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan (May 1913 – June 2007) was an early pioneer woman social activist of Pakistan, especially active in promoting women's rights and their access to better educational and health facilities. She briefly remained Pakistan's first woman cabinet minister during the General Ayub Khan regime, between 1962 and 1967, before quitting politics and returning full-time to public service. 

She died on 17 June 2007 aged 94 years. 

Leopardus

Leopardus is a genus of small spotted cats that are native to Middle and South America. Very few species belonging to "Leopardus" are in the southern United States. "Leopardus" may be the oldest branch of the Felinae to go into the Americas, followed by the genera "Lynx" and "Puma".


Prionailurus

Prionailurus is a genus of four species of small, spotted wild cats found in Asia. They are typically forest-dwelling. Most are able to swim well; some species are actually semi-aquatic and feed mainly on fish and other aquatic animals.

Pocock's classification of "Prionailurus" is widely accepted:

Stanley Middleton

Stanley Middleton (1919–2009) was an English writer and novelist, who was a co-winner of the Booker Prize in 1974, along with Nadine Gordimer. 

Some of his better-known novels are "A Serious Woman" (1961), "Two's Company" (1964) and "Holiday" (1974).

Mohammad Amir Ahmed Khan

Amir Ahmed Khan, Raja Sahib of Mahmudabad (5 November 1914 – 14 October 1973) was a prominent politician and leader of the All India Muslim League, during the Pakistan Movement. He was against the partition of India. When the Muslim League passed the resolution at Lahore for a separate Pakistan, he stood against it and formed All India Jamhur Muslim League to counter the move. The first session of this party was held at Muzaffarpur, Bihar. Raja Saheb was elected its President and Dr. Maghfoor Ahmad Ajazi as General Secretary.
Later on he changed his mind under the influence of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and supported the idea of a separate Muslim state. He said that "...the idea of a separate Muslim state in India [sic] stirred the imagination of the Muslims as nothing else had done before." Khan migrated to Pakistan. He did not like the political turmoil in Pakistan, so he moved to Iraq and finally to England. He was Director of the Islamic Cultural Centre in London. He died in London in 1973. Later on his descendants went back to live in India.

Shahnawaz Khan Mamdot

Sir Shahnawaz Khan Mamdot (1883 - March 28, 1942) was a Punjabi landowner and supporter of the All India Muslim League (AIML) in its demand for a separate Pakistan. In March 1940, he was one of the principal hosts for the AIML's famous Lahore Conference.

Abdullah Haroon

Sir Abdullah Haroon (1873–1942) was a Muslim League leader from Sindh province of British India, and active in the Pakistan Movement. 

Kensington (disambiguation)

Kensington is a district in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It may also be:









Kensington may also be:

Mohammad Akram Khan

"Molana" Muhammad Akram Khan (1869–1968) was a Muslim scholar and religious-political figure of British India who supported the Pakistan Movement. 

Layer

Layer may refer to:






Sadullah Khan Umarzai

Saadullah Khan Umarzai (1880-1948) was a Pashtun political figure from the NWFP region of British India and active in the Muslim demand for a separate state of Pakistan.

After his graduation from government college Lahore he appeared for ICS and was later appointed as the City magistrate Peshawar. He was later promoted to the post of District Judge. Being a close associate of Sir Sahibzada Abdul Qayyum Khan Saadullah Khan was entrusted the Task of gathering donations from the Muslim Rajas and Maharajas of India for the acquisition of land for the Islamia College Peshawar. 

Sadullah Khan was later nominated as Honorary secretary of the College. A Hostel in the premises of the college has been named in his memory "Saadullah Khan Hostel". After his retirement as the Deputy Commissioner Peshawar he joined the Quaid and the Muslim league for the creation of Pakistan. He was a prominent activist subletting his title of "Khan Bahadur" to the British. As a friend of Maulana Fazal e Wahid of Turangzai he gave financial and moral help when Maulana Sahib fled the British to take refuge in the former Tribal Area of Mommand agency. 

When he was the District Judge for Peshawar his relations with the Governor NWFP Metcalf were very strained over the Chowk e Yadgar incident. He did not want the British Indian Army to handle the turbulent situation. He wanted the police force to handle the situation. 

As a District Judge he would conclude the matter through arbitration. Apparently Metcalf had panicked.

Malik Barkat Ali

Malik Barkat Ali (April 1885 - 5 April 1946) was an Indian politician, lawyer and journalist. 

Malik was from Lahore, Punjab, British India.

Ali supported the All India Muslim League at first. Later, he developed more radical and extreme Islamic views. 

Cross-dressing

Cross-dressing is when someone wears clothes that are commonly associated with the opposite sex. 

Cross-dressing is often done to create a transgender identity. It has also been used for disguise, comfort and in the performing arts in modern times and in history. In theatre, a male role played by a woman is called a Breeches role.

A Japanese term and subculture for men who cross-dress as women is "otoko-no-ko". In the west, young men who do this are sometimes called femboys.

Cross-dressing is sometimes viewed negatively due to going against gender norms, especially in regards to men. Drag queens and kings use cross-dressing to make fun of this.

Riemann sphere

The Riemann sphere is a mathematical model of the extended complex plane. The model is named after Bernhard Riemann. The extended complex plane is the plane of the complex numbers, plus a point at infinity. With this model, this point at infinity is "close" to very large numbers in the same way zero is "close" to very small ones. The extended complex numbers are useful for Complex analysis: in certain cases, the division by zero is "well-behaved", in the sense that dividing by zero gives this point at infinity. With this model, it is possible to change certain functions, so that they become continuous, which simplifies calculation.

In geometry, the Riemann sphere is a simple example of a Riemann surface. It is also one of the simplest complex manifolds.

Bawdsey

Alderton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 319 people living in Bawdsey. It has a church called St Andrew.

Blaxhall

Blaxhall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 233 people living in Blaxhall. It has a church called St Peter.

Stereographic projection

In geometry, a stereographic projection is a function that maps the points of a sphere onto a plane. The projection is defined on the entire sphere, except for one point, called the "projection point".

Intuitively, the stereographic projection is a way of picturing a sphere as a plane, with some inevitable compromises. Because the sphere and the plane appear in many areas of mathematics and its applications, so does the stereographic projection; it finds use in diverse fields including complex analysis, cartography, geology, and photography. In practice, the projection is carried out by computer or by hand using a special kind of graph paper called a stereonet or Wulff net.

A simple example of such a projection, encountered in everyday life is the sun casting a shadow of a globe onto the ground. 

Blythburgh

Blythburgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 312 people living in Blythburgh. It has a church called Holy Trinity.

Boyton, Suffolk

Boyton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 154 people living in Boyton. It has a church called St Andrew.

Bramfield

Bramfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 369 people living in Bramfield. It has a church called St Andrew.

Brandeston

Brandeston is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 278 people living in Brandeston. It has a church called All Saints.

Bredfield

Bredfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 308 people living in Bredfield. It has a church called St Andrew.

Brightwell, Suffolk

Brightwell is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 57 people living in Brightwell. It has a church called St John the Baptist.

Bromeswell

Bromeswell is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 326 people living in Bromeswell. It has a church called St Edmund.

Bruisyard

Bruisyard is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 168 people living in Bruisyard. It has a church called St Peter.

Burgh

Burgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 191 people living in Burgh.

Capel St. Andrew

Capel St. Andrew is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 77 people living in Capel St. Andrew. It once had a church.

P.G. Wodehouse

Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, KBE (/ˈwʊdhaʊs/ "WOOD-howss"; 15 October 1881 – 14 February 1975) was an English author and one of the most widely read humorists of the 20th century. His creations include the feather-brained Bertie Wooster and his sagacious valet, Jeeves; the immaculate and loquacious Psmith; Lord Emsworth and the Blandings Castle set; the Oldest Member, with stories about golf; and Mr Mulliner, with tall tales on subjects ranging from bibulous bishops to megalomaniac movie moguls. 

Born in Guildford, the third son of a British magistrate based in Hong Kong, Wodehouse spent happy teenage years at Dulwich College, to which he remained devoted all his life. After leaving school he was employed by a bank but disliked the work and turned to writing in his spare time. His early novels were mostly school stories, but he later switched to comic fiction. Most of Wodehouse's fiction is set in his native United Kingdom, although he spent much of his life in the US and used New York and Hollywood as settings for some of his novels and short stories. He wrote a series of Broadway musical comedies during and after the First World War, together with Guy Bolton and Jerome Kern, that played an important part in the development of the American musical. He began the 1930s writing for MGM in Hollywood. In a 1931 interview, his naive revelations of incompetence and extravagance in the studios caused a furore. In the same decade, his literary career reached a new peak.

In 1934 Wodehouse moved to France for tax reasons; in 1940 he was taken prisoner at Le Touquet by the invading Germans and interned for nearly a year. After his release he made six broadcasts from German radio in Berlin to the US, which had not yet entered the war. The talks were comic and apolitical, but his broadcasting over enemy radio prompted anger and strident controversy in Britain, and a threat of prosecution. Wodehouse never returned to England. From 1947 until his death he lived in the US, taking dual British-American citizenship in 1955. He died in 1975, at the age of 93, in Southampton, New York.

Wodehouse was a prolific writer throughout his life, publishing more than ninety books, forty plays, two hundred short stories and other writings between 1902 and 1974. He worked extensively on his books, sometimes having two or more in preparation simultaneously. He would take up to two years to build a plot and write a scenario of about thirty thousand words. After the scenario was complete he would write the story. Early in his career Wodehouse would produce a novel in about three months, but he slowed in old age to around six months. He used a mixture of Edwardian slang, quotations from and allusions to numerous poets, and several literary techniques to produce a prose style that has been compared to comic poetry and musical comedy. Some critics of Wodehouse have considered his work flippant, but among his fans are former British prime ministers and many of his fellow writers.

Wodehouse claims to have gotten inspiration for his characters by being like them: born into a rich family, and inheriting much money, making him rich and financially free. 

Aurangzeb Khan

"Sardar" Aurangzeb Khan (1899-1965) was a politician from the Dera Ismail Khan district of NWFP, British India. He belonged to the Gandapur Pashtun tribe and belonged to a landowning family. 

Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was born in 1899 at Tehsil Kulachi Dera Ismail Khan. His father Mohammad Ayaz Khan was a leading landlord in the famous Pushtoon clan Gandapur. 

Early education 

He got his early education at Mission High School Dera Ismail Khan and later went to Peshawar for his graduation. He achieved his degree of LLB from Aligarh College where he was the president of Muslim Students Union. 

Political Career 

He was a gifted orator and as Provincial Muslim League leader, he played a prominent role in the reorganization of Muslim League in NWFP that was at first launched in 1912 by Ghazi Ali Abbas Bukhari but did not take firm roots among the people. However, due to his tireless struggle, the League turned to be the popular political party in the Pushtoon majority province. 

Khan joined the All India Muslim League party in 1937 and in the same year was appointed to the NWFP Legislative Assembly. In 1940, he was one of the provincial delegates to the Lahore session of the League and was a member of the Working Committee set up there to draft what was to become the 'Lahore Resolution'. Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was also one of those leaders who seconded the resolution that was passed on 23 March 1940. He was elected to the NWFP provincial assembly in 1937. Between 1943-45 he also briefly remained provincial Chief Minister before being removed. In 1939, while Dr. Khan Sahib resigned from his ministry along with other Congress Governments, for some time thee was no popular government in the province. However on 25 May 1943, Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was able to form a ministry by the help of George Cunningham and Jinnah, with Sardar Abdur Rab Nishtar as his Finance Minister. As Nishtar was in anti-British movement named as <nowiki>"</nowiki>Akhrar<nowiki>"</nowiki> but he was convinced by Sikandar mirza and then he joined Muslim League. He campaigned door-to-door to convey message of the League and worked hard during NWFP referendum.

After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, he served for some time as the new country's ambassador to Burma from 1949 to 1953.

Wilkie Collins

Wilkie Collins, in full William Wilkie Collins (1824-1889) was an English novelist and one of the earliest writers of the mystery story. Although he wrote many books, he is best remembered for "The Woman in White" (1860) and "The Moonstone" (1868). 

List of Mensans

The list of Mensans contains who are, or who have been, members of Mensa International, the high IQ society.


















John D. Thompson, poet, Titanic: A Centenarian Voyage in Verse




Ursus (genus)

Ursus is a genus in the family Ursidae (bears) that includes the widely distributed brown bears, the polar bear, and black bears. The name comes from the Latin "ursus", meaning bear.

Savant syndrome

The savant syndrome is a rare condition in which people with neurodevelopmental disorders, notably autism spectrum disorders, and/or brain injuries, demonstrate profound and prodigious capacities and/or abilities far in excess of what would be considered normal. In spite of the name syndrome, it is not recognized as a mental disorder, or as a part of mental disorder. In simple terms these are very gifted individuals with fewer than 50 alive today.

These individuals in some cases may not be able to tie their shoes, however they may memorize an entire book in days. 

The following are well-known people with savant syndrome, noted for their talent in their identified fields: 


Ducat

A ducat is a gold coin that was used for trade in Europe until World War I. The first ducat was made in silver by Roger II of Sicily in 1140. In 1284 the Republic of Venice started making the gold ducat which came to be widely used. The value of a ducat at the beginning of the 20th century was nine shillings and fourpence or a little more than four United States dollars.

Love on Top

"Love on Top" is a 2011 song performed by Beyoncé and talking about a man on whosoever she can count. The song is part of Beyoncé's record "4". It undergoes four key changes, during which the singer adopts a high octane.

Jason Hughes (sociologist)

Dr Jason Kelly Hughes (born 21 October 1943 in Glastonbury, UK) is currently a senior lecturer at Brunel University in West London. Previously he worked at the Centre for Labour Market Studies at the University of Leicester and is a Prodigious Savant. 

Hughes's current research interests include the sociology of emotions; the sociology of the body and health; sociological theory; and organisational sociology. Specifically he has written about emotional reflexivity in the ‘new’ workplace; emotional labour and aesthetic labour; new managerial discourses, particularly emotional intelligence, high performance work practices, knowledge management, and organisational learning. In addition he has also published a book on smoking called “Learning to Smoke.” Hughes has also written extensively about the work of Norbert Elias, social Darwinism and linguistics. His other interests include evolutionary biology, as well as collecting antique clocks, sundials, ear trumpets and other novelties.

Run the World (Girls)

"Run the World (Girls)" is a 2011 hit song performed by Beyoncé. It represents female empowerment. It was released as part of Beyoncé's album "4". The song is similar to two earlier Beyonce hit singles.

Leslie Lemke

Leslie Lemke (born January 31, 1952) is a blind American, prodigious savant who is autistic. He is best known for his work as a musician.

Leslie Lemke was born prematurely in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1952. At birth, he was diagnosed with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage. Doctors were forced to remove his eyes. His birth mother gave him up for adoption. May Lemke, a nurse, adopted him when he was six months old. To feed him, May had to stroke his throat to make him swallow his food. It was a year before Leslie could chew food on his own. It took seven years of constant care before Leslie showed any progress. During this time, he made no sounds or movements and showed no emotions. He was 12 before he first learned to stand. He was 15 before he learned to walk.

When he was 16, May found Leslie playing Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto no. 1 during the middle of the night. He had recently heard the piece on television. Leslie was soon playing all styles of music, from ragtime to classical.

His adoptive mother encouraged his talent for the piano. By 1980, Leslie was giving concerts in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. Because of his new fame, he was asked to be on many television programs such as CBC's "Man Alive" (hosted by Roy Bonisteel), "CBS Evening News", "60 Minutes", and "That's Incredible!". In 1983, ABC broadcast "The Woman Who Willed a Miracle", a drama about Leslie and his adoptive mother. It stars Cloris Leachman as May Lemke. Leslie is also the subject of Fred Small's song, "Leslie is Different."

Leslie toured the United States, Scandinavia, and Japan and gave free concerts. He was quite animated when he played.

May Lemke developed Alzheimer's disease and died on November 6, 1993.



Jonathan Lerman

Jonathan Lerman (born 1987) is an American Prodigious Savant. He is an autistic outsider artist. He was born in Queens, NY. He lives in the Upstate New York suburb of Vestal.

Jonathan Lerman began to lapse into long silences at the age of two. The next year he was diagnosed with autism. His IQ is said to be 53.

Lerman's artistic ability appeared at the age of 10. He drew faces with charcoal. The faces were of people he knows and those he imagines. In 1999 he had his own solo exhibition at the KS Art gallery in New York City.

Lerman has had personal exhibitions. He has also exhibited his work alongside others.

Lerman was also on the MTV television show "True Life" in the episode "True Life: I Have Autism"




Aaron Hunt

Aaron Hunt (born 4 September 1986, in Goslar, Germany) is a German football player. He plays as midfielder for Werder Bremen since 2004.

Hunt started playing football at the age of 7 and played for two local clubs in the Harz area during his childhood. In 2002 he joined the youth team of Werder Bremen. Two years late he debuted in the Bundesliga as a substitute against Hannover 96. He shot his first goal against Borussia Mönchengladbach on 12th February 2005, when he also debuted in the first squad.

On 28 November 2007 he shot in first goal in the Champions League against Real Madrid. Before that game he has been injured for 7 months. Bremen won that match 3-2.

In the 2008/09 season he won the DFB-Pokal with Werder, after winning 1-0 in the final against Bayer Leverkusen. His team was also in the final match of the UEFA CUP, but lost against Shakhtar Donetsk 1-2 in the extra time.

In 2010 he renewed his contract until 2014. In 2012 he was made vice captain of his team by his coach Thomas Schaaf. He is the most loyal player in the squad of Werder Bremen.

His mother is from England, so he would have been allowed to play for the national team of England. He played for Germany at the Under-16, Under-17 and Under-21 level, so he refused English offers and decided to play for Germany. In November 2009 he debuted against the Côte d'Ivoire for the a-squad in a friendly. This game was the memorial game for the goalkeeper Robert Enke, who committed suicide. He also made a secound match against Denmark in August 2010. In 2013 has was nominated by national coach Joachim Löw for two matches. In the match against Ecuador has was brought on in minute 59.

184||39||20||3||49||2||253||44 
184||39||20||3||49||2||253||44 

!Total||3||0


Hunt is married to Semra Polatgil, who also played football for TV Jahn Delmenhorst.


Thristan Mendoza

Thristan "Tum-Tum" Mendoza (born 1989) is a Filipino Prodigious Savant and marimba prodigy.

Mendoza was born in Quezon City, Philippines. He was enrolled at the Philippine Montessori Center. He was diagnosed as autistic at the age of two and a half. During the same year he began to play. 

In 1997 the University of the Philippines presented him as a gifted child prodigy.

He is now a college student majoring in percussion.

He has three siblings (Rainier, Victoria Angela, Victorina Francesca)

Boyton, Cornwall

Boyton, Cornwall is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. As of 2001, 378 people lived in Boyton.

Russell Means

Russell Charles Means (November 10, 1939 – October 22, 2012) was an American Oglala Sioux activist, writer, politician, musician, television and movie actor who is known for his activisim to the American Indian Movement. He is also known for his roles in "Pathfinder", "Thomas and the Magic Railroad" and in "Pocahontas".

In 1983 he agreed to become running mate to Larry Flynt in his unsuccessful run for U.S. President.

Means was born on November 10, 1939 in Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota. He studied at San Leandro High School. Means was married five times, the first four ended in divorce. He has ten children. Means died on October 22, 2012 in Porcupine, South Dakota from esophageal cancer, aged 72.


Elizabeth Bowen

Elizabeth Bowen CBE (; 7 June 1899 – 22 February 1973) was a British novelist and short story writer. 

She was born in an Anglo-Irish family in Dublin, Ireland and wrote many books and stories that are set in Ireland. However, after 1927, she lived mostly in London, England. She began to write at a very young age. 

Bowen's works include "Encounters" (1923), "The Hotel" (1927), "The House in Paris" (1935), "The Last September" (1929) , "Seven Winters" (1942), "Bowen's Court" (1942), "The Heat of the Day" (1949) and many others. 

Awan (tribe)

Awan are a tribe mostly inhabiting Punjab and other parts of Pakistan. They are of Arab descent from a person called Qutb Shah. 

John Buchan

John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir (1875-1940) was a British statesman and writer, today mostly remembered for his fine adventure stories. 

Buchan was educated at the University of Glasgow and Oxford, and began to write and publish stories from his college days. He later qualified as a lawyer and went to South Africa to work there in a government (colonial) job. He later served in many countries as a representative of the British government and was later made Governor-General of Canada. In 1935 the British government honoured him by making him a lord. He died in Perthshire, Scotland, in 1940.

Some of his famous adventure thrillers include "Prester John" (1910), "The Thirty Nine Steps" (1915) and "Greenmantle" (1916). He also wrote some fine historical biographies like "Montrose" (1928) and "Sir Walter Scott" (1932). 











Karlal

The Karlal (Urdu: کرڑال also known as Kard'al, Karaal, Karhral, or Kiraal) is a Hindko-speaking tribe in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The majority of the tribe is found mainly in Abbottabad District, inhabiting the hilly area of the Galyat and the Nara tract. A minority are also settled in the Haripur District.

The tribe trace their descent from a Sardar Kallar Shah, son of Sultan Sujann Shah, who is believed to have come from southern Afghanistan. It is believed that he was a descendant of Alexander the Great. In Haripur and Abbottabad, they are known as Sultan Chief Sardars, a name they acquired during the time of the Delhi Sultanate (1206–1296), when the tribal members were made rulers of the galliyat region of Hazara.

It does seem that throughout the middle ages, the Karlal maintained their independence. During Mughal era (1550-1730), when the Gakkars were trying to extend their authority in the entire lower Hazara from their base in Khanpur in what is now Haripur District, the leader of Karlal tribe Morcha Kulli Khan at that time was able to murder the Ghakkar chief and retained his tribes independence. Similarly the Turks, whose territory lay to the north, were also never able to extend their authority over this tribe although enjoying suzerainty over large portion of Pakhal Sarkar (an old name for Hazara). In the Durrani period (1740-1800), no attempt was made by Afghan rulers to subdue their territory. However, when the Sikhs captured lower Hazara they tried to gain control over entire lower Hazara including Karlal territory.

In 1822, Ranjit Singh sent a large force under famous General Amar Singh Majitta which was defeated by Karlals with great slaughter under their Charismatic chief Sarrdar Hassan Ali Khan . Amar Singh was also murdered by the Karlal s. Lepel Griffin, author of a colonial history of Hazara, writes in his book about this battle of Sumandar Khata. From 1822 to 1845 Karlal tribe fought many battles with Sikhs and were able to retain their independence. In 1844 once again Lahore Darbar sent a large force under Diwan Mulraj and Hari Singh to subdue Karlal country. Taking advantage of the difficult geographical terrain of their country, the Karlals were able to defeat Sikh army at place called Nah and killed more than 150 Sikh soldiers.

At the time of mutiny in 1857, the Karlals tried to revolt against the rule of East India Company, however, British were able to imprison Karlal chief Sardar Hassan Ali Khan Karlal and many mutineers of this tribe were hanged along with Dhund Abbasi tribesmen (Mutiny Reports 1857 of Hazara District).

Sardar Hassan Ali khan Karlal was one of the most illustrious military commander and mujahid of early 19th century from Hazara. His historic endeavors for the freedom and struggle against both Sikhs and English have been well preserved in the historical annals. English gazetteers of that era, Wajabul Arz of 1874 and Tarikh Hazara of that time contain detailed accounts of the bravery, courage and military stratagem of this great hero. Karlals were the only tribe which under the sagacious leader ship Sardar Hassan Hassan Ali khan were able to retain their independence by defeating the most powerful army in the entire Northern India at that time.

During Pakistan movement Karlal tribe wholeheartedly supported Muslim League. In 1944 elder of Karlal tribe Capt Sardar Muhammad Zain Khan Karlal joined Muslim league with other notables of this tribe.In same year he was nominated as member of All India Muslim League organizing Committee by Quaid -e Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah.In 1946 elections he was elected as Member NWFP Legislative Assembly from the lone constituency of Abbottabad on All India Muslim League ticket in spite of the strong support of the congress by the more populous tribes of District Hazara. In struggle for Pakistan, Captain Sardar Zain Muhammad khan was able to motivate his entire tribe for cause of the creation of Pakistan. Captain Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad Khan Karlal also had the unique honor of representing entire Hazara District in the historic Delhi All India Muslim Parliamentarians convention held in April 1946 under the chairmanship of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah which finally voted for the partition of India and creation of Pakistan. 

In the civil disobedience movement started by Muslim League in NWFP now Khyber Pukhtunkhaw against Congress government Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad khan along with many Karlal tribesmen was imprisoned in February 1947. After the creation of Pakistan Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad Khan also served as Parliamentary Secretary for Revenue in NWFP government.

Haasts Bluff, Northern Territory

Haasts Bluff (Pintupi–Luritja: "Ikuntji"), is an Aboriginal Australian community in the Northern Territory. The town is about west of Alice Springs. The closest neighbouring town is Papunya, about north. In the 2006 census, 207 people were recorded to live in the town and in nearby outstations.

The town is named after the nearby rocky outcrop. The outcrop was given this name in 1872 by the explorer Ernest Giles, who named it after the New Zealand geologist, Julius von Haast. The name in the local Aboriginal language is Ikuntji, which means "where the creeks cross".

The town was established as a Lutheran mission in 1946. It is home to Western Arrernte, Pintupi and Pitjantjatjara people. Many of these people work as artists in the local artist co-operative, Ikuntji Artists.

Currimbhoy Ebrahim

Sir Currimbhoy Ebrahim (or Currimbhoy Ebrahim), 3rd Baronet, JP (born 1903- died 1952), was a prominent businessman, philanthropist and political leader from Bombay, British India.

He succeeded his father Sir Mohamedbhoy Ebrahim as Baronet, and as managing director of many family-owned firms. He also became director or chairman of many charitable trusts in the Bombay area and in 1936, started the Muslim Peace and Relief Committee. In the same year, he became a member of the All India Muslim League and an active political leader of this party.

Muhammad Ismail Khan

Nawab Muhammad Ismail Khan (1886–1958) was a senior All India Muslim League leader, a former Vice-Chancellor of the Aligarh Muslim University and a member of the legislative assembly in British India. 

Ali Muhammad Khan Dehlvi

Ali Muhammad Khan Dehlvi JP (born 1875) was a political leader, lawyer and journalist of British India. He organised several Muslim educational and political conferences at Karachi and Hyderabad, Sindh, and later was a delegate to the famous All India Muslim Leagues Lahore session of 1940. 

MacDonnell Shire

The MacDonnell Shire is a local government area of the Northern Territory, Australia. It was created on 1 July 2008 as part of the restructuring of the Territory's local government areas. It was created by merging over a dozen smaller community council areas and a large zone of unincorporated area. The most recent elections for the shire council were in March 2012. The current President of the MacDonnell Shire is Sid Anderson.

The shire has an area of over 268,784 square kilometres. It covers the south of the Territory, bordering with South Australia. Alice Springs and Yulara are enclaves within the shire (they are not part of it, but are surrounded by it).

There were about 7,142 people living there in 2009.

The MacDonnell Shire Council is divided into four wards. There are 12 council members. Below each ward is listed the towns that fall within those wards. Population figures are as they were recorded on 30 June 2007.


Aputula

Aputula is a remote Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is south of Alice Springs, near the border with South Australia. It is east of the Stuart Highway. About 250 people live there. They are Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara, Luritja, and Lower Southern Arrernte people. The Finke River passes nearby the town, but it is dry for most of the year, except during floods.

The town was called Finke until the 1980s. It began as a trading stop on the Central Australian Railway. Local Aborigines traded dingo scalps, artefacts and tools for European goods. In the 1950s and 1960s, White farmers set up cattle stations around the town. Most of the Europeans left Finke when the railway line was moved westwards in the late 1970s. This was done because the track was damaged during huge floods in 1973 and 1974, so it was moved away from the river. The Aboriginal people living in the town did not move, and the town came to be known as Aputula. The name comes from a place called Putula near the town, which used to be the site of a water soak. Putula is an Arrernte word. Arrernte people used to get their water there, before the white people and the railway line came to the area.

Aputula holds the record of having the hottest day ever recorded in the Northern Territory— on 1 and 2 January 1960.

Jimmy James

Jimmy James OAM (1913 – 1991) was an Aboriginal Australian tracker. He helped the police of South Australia in tracking criminals. He worked with the police for 40 years.

James was born near Ernabella (now Pukatja) in central Australia, and was a member of the Pitjantjatjara people. He went to school at the Ooldea Mission. In 1945, he was wrongfully arrested and left the mission. James began his career as a tracker for police in 1948. He became well known for tracking criminals (including arsonists, poachers and escapees) and lost persons. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in 1984 and was the first South Australian Aboriginal Person of the Year in 1983. After his death, a memorial to Jimmy James was erected in Berri, South Australia.

Bubbly

"Bubbly" is a single by the singer Colbie Caillat. It was released to radio on May 15, 2007. "Bubbly" was the biggest song so far by Caillat. The song is from her first record "Coco".

Gordon Briscoe

Dr Gordon Briscoe OAM (1938–2023) was an Aboriginal Australian activist and a retired football player. He was a member of the Stolen Generations.

Briscoe was born in Alice Springs. He was descended from the Marduntjara and Pitjantjatjara nations of Central Australia. He was taken away from his mother as a child and was taught at a Christian mission in Adelaide. Briscoe played football (soccer) for Adelaide in the South Australian league. He played alongside his schoolmate Charles Perkins. In 1958, he moved to England with the hope of playing professional football. He had small jobs with Barnet and Preston North End, but he did not make a first team appearance. He went back to Australia at the suggestion of Perkins. The two of them later played recreational football with the Australian National University from 1968 to about 1972.

Briscoe began studying at ANU in 1981. His focus was on the indigenous history of Australia. He was involved in the production of the SBS documentary "First Australians". He got his PhD in 1997.

Briscoe also worked as an activist for indigenous Australians. He was involved in the establishment of the Aboriginal Progress Association in the 1950s, the Aboriginal Legal Service in the 1960s and the Aboriginal Medical Service
in 1972.

Ngarutjaranya

Ngarutjaranya, also known as Mount Woodroffe, is South Australia's highest peak. It is above sea level. The word "Ngarutjaranya" comes from the Pitjantjatjara language. In their Dreaming, the mountain represents the spirit being Ngintaka.

Ngarutjaranya is in the far northwest of South Australia, in the Musgrave Ranges. The mountain range rises about 700–800 metres above the plains around it. The rock is mostly granite and gneiss.

Ngarutjaranya was given its European name by William Gosse, who first saw it on 20 July 1873. He named it after George Woodroffe Goyder, another early explorer of South Australia and the Northern Territory. Access to the mountain is restricted. Permission is needed to enter the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara lands.

Rhind Mathematical Papyrus

The Rhind papyrus in the British Museum is the best example of Egyptian mathematics. It is named after Alexander Henry Rhind, a Scottish antiquarian. He bought the papyrus in 1858 in Luxor, Egypt. It was found during illegal excavations in or near the Ramesseum. It was written about 1650 BC.

The papyrus has work and writing on arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and fractions. It, and the Moscow Mathematical Papyrus, are the main sources of knowledge about mathematics in Ancient Egypt. The Rhind papyrus dates to about 1550 BC. The museum bought both the Rhind papyrus and the Egyptian Mathematical Leather Roll from Rhind. The Rhind papyrus is larger than the Moscow mathematical papyrus, but the Moscow papyrus is older.

The Rhind papyrus dates to the Second Intermediate Period of Egypt. It was copied by the scribe "Ahmose" from a now-lost text from the reign of Amenemhat III (12th dynasty). Written in the hieratic script, this Egyptian manuscript is made up of parts that are each 33 cm tall. In total it is over long. It was transliterated and the mathematics was translated in the late 19th century. The mathematical translation is still incomplete in some respects. The document is dated to year 33 of the Hyksos king Apophis and also contains a separate later Year 11 on its verso likely from his successor, Khamudi.

In the opening paragraphs of the papyrus, Ahmose presents the papyrus as giving "Accurate reckoning for inquiring into things, and the knowledge of all things, mysteries... all secrets". He continues with: 
This book was copied in regnal year 33, month 4 of Akhet, under the majesty of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt, Awserre, given life, from an ancient copy made in the time of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt Nimaatre (?). The scribe Ahmose writes this copy.
Several books and articles about the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus have been published, and a handful of these stand out. The Rhind Papyrus was published in 1923 by Peet and contains a discussion of the text that followed Griffith's Book I, II and III outline Chase published a compendium in 1927/29 which included photographs of the text. A more recent overview of the Rhind Papyrus was published in 1987 by Robins and Shute.


Musgrave Ranges

Musgrave Ranges is a mountain range in Central Australia. It covers the boundary of South Australia (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara) and the Northern Territory (MacDonnell Shire). It separates the Great Victoria Desert to the south and the Gibson Desert to the north. The range has a length of . Many of its peaks have a height of more than . The highest peak is Mount Woodroffe at .

The mountains were originally the home of Yankunytjatjara people. The first European to find them was the English explorer William Gosse in the 1870s. He named them after Anthony Musgrave, the Governor of South Australia at the time. At the start of the 20th century, Yankunytjatjara people began migrating east, setting up camps along the Alberga River and moving into the mission at Ernabella. From 1917, they also began a movement southward to Ooldea. Groups of Pitjantjatjara were forced to move to the Musgrave region because of a long drought in their territory, the Mann and Tomkinson Ranges in the west. Today, most of the families in the communities of Amata and Kaltjiti identify as Pitjantjatjara.

The South Australian part of the Musgrave Ranges was granted to the Pitjantjatjara people in the Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act 1980. Since then, most people have moved into settlements in more hospitable areas.

Cornish National Party

The Cornish National Party (CNP) is a social democratic political party in Cornwall. It wants Cornish independence from the United Kingdom.

Azad Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly

The Legislative Assembly of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, also known as AJK Legislative Assembly, is a unicameral legislature of elected representatives of the Pakistan administered state of Azad Kashmir.

The assembly has 41 elected Members and 8 co-opted members of which 5 are woman, one member from Ulama community, while one is from amongst Jammu & Kashmir technocrats and other professionals.

Unité de formation et de recherche médicale Paris Île-de-France Ouest

The Unité de formation et de recherche médicale Paris Île-de-France Ouest (in English Paris Île-de-France West Medical Research and Training Departement; also called PIFO or Paris Ouest) is a department of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines focus on research and training activities in medicine.


West India

Western India is a region of the Republic of India, it includes the states of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, and the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu.

Qazi Muhammad Isa

Qazi Muhammad Essa (17 July 1914 – 19 June 1976) was a leader of the All India Muslim League party in British India and later a senior governmental official in Pakistan. 

Qazi Isa was born in Pishin, Baluchistan (Chief commissioners province). He joined the League in 1939 and was nominated to represent his province at the League's Lahore session in March 1940. 

After the creation of Pakistan, he served the new country in various positions, and for a time was also its ambassador to Brazil (1951-54). 

He died in 1976. 
1. Kausar. Prof. Dr. Inamul Haq. "Tehreek-e-Pakistan Balochistan Main". Lahore. 1988. Maktaba-e-Aaliya. p.21

Sundanese Wikipedia

Sundanese Wikipedia (Sundanese "Wikipedia basa Sunda") is the edition of Wikipedia in the Sundanese language. The article count of the wiki is 60,650 articles (as of 08 March 2021)


William Somerset Maugham

William Somerset Maugham (25 January 1874– 16 December 1965) was an English novelist, short story writer and playwright. He was born at the British Embassy in Paris. He was the highest paid author of the 1930s.

Maugham trained as a medical doctor at St. Thomas's hospital's medical school, London, but then decided to become a full-time writer. He wrote many works including such well-known ones as "Liza of Lambeth" (1897), "The Magician" (1908), "Of Human Bondage" (1915), "The Moon and Sixpence" (1919), "Cakes and Ale" (1930) and "The Razor's Edge" (1944).

Maugham died on 16 December 1965 in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes, France from pneumonia at the age of 91.

Aboriginal Provisional Government

The Aboriginal Provisional Government (APG) is an Indigenous Australian activist group. It campaigns for indigenous sovereignty over Australia. It was formed by elders from several communities across Australia, including the Pitjantjatjara, Wiradjuri, Yolngu and Eora. The founders of the APG were Bob Weatherall, Geoff Clark, Josie Crawshaw, Michael Mansell, Kathy Craigie and other representatives from all states of Australia.

It was officially created on 16 July 1990. Its stated purpose is to establish its own government and an Aboriginal nation state. The APG argues that the indigenous people of Australia never gave up their sovereignty and therefore Australian law and title over the country is void (means nothing).


Peter Ackroyd

Peter Ackroyd CBE (born 5 October 1949) is an English novelist, critic, poet, television writer, historian and scholar. 

Ackroyd was born in East Acton, London. He graduated in English from Clare College, Cambridge. He later studied at Yale University. He is openly gay.

Private prison

A private prison is a prison run by a private company instead of the government. The government hires the private prison company to perform all the services needed to keep the convicts locked up while they serve out their sentences.

In the twenty-first century, many industries that were government-run before have become more privatized.

The countries that have private prisons are Australia, Brazil, Chile, Greece, Jamaica, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, South Africa, South Korea, Thailand, United States and the United Kingdom. Private prisons are only common in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.

Israel used to have private prisons, until the Israeli Supreme Court, declared them illegal (against the law) in 2005. Canada also used to have private prisons, but due to widespread protests against them, the last private prison went to government control in 2006.

Reasons why some governments allow private prisons are:
However, many people do not like the idea of private prisons. The main reasons for this are:

Jerome K. Jerome

Jerome K. Jerome (in full Jerome Klapka Jerome) (1859-1927) was an English novelist, playwright and humorist. He wrote books that were very funny and won him a wide public following.

Ramna Kali Mandir

The Ramna Kali Temple (), also known as the Ramna Kalibari (house of the Hindu goddess Kali) was one of the most famous Hindu temples of the Indian subcontinent. It was believed to be over a thousand years old. The temple was in Dhaka (the capital of present day Bangladesh) near the Ramna Park (now renamed as Suhrawardy Udyan).

The temple was bulldozed by the Pakistan Army on 27 March 1971 during the genocide of the Bangladesh Liberation War 

Cabinet of Pakistan

The Cabinet of Pakistan is headed by the Prime Minister. It plays an important role in the Government of Pakistan.

John Walsh

John Edward Walsh (born December 26, 1945) is an American television personality, criminal investigator, human and victim rights advocate and the host of "America's Most Wanted". He began his crime investigation career when his son, Adam Walsh was murdered by Ottis Toole in 1981.

Walsh was born on December 26, 1945 in Auburn, New York. He studied at the University of Buffalo. He has been married to Revé Drew since 1971. He had four children; Adam, Meghan, Callahan, and Hayden Walsh. In 2008, Walsh was awarded the Operation Kids Lifetime Achievement Award.


Robert Ripley

LeRoy Robert Ripley (February 22, 1890 – May 27, 1949) or Mr. Ripley was an American cartoonist, entrepreneur and amateur anthropologist, who created the world famous "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" newspaper panel series, radio show, and television show which feature odd 'facts' from around the world.

Ripley was born on December 26, 1890 in Santa Rosa, California. He was married to Beatrice Roberts from 1919 until they divorced in 1926. Ripley lived in New York City, New York, Los Angeles, California, Chicago, Illinois, Miami, Florida, Bedford, Iowa, and in Santa Rosa, California. Ripley died on May 27, 1949, in New York City, New York from a heart attack, aged 58.


Jonathan Goldsmith

Jonathan Goldsmith (born September 26, 1938) or Jonathan Lippe is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for playing "The Most Interesting Man in the World" in the Dos Equis commercials starting in 2007.

Goldsmith was born in September 26, 1938 in New York City, New York to a Jewish family. He studied at Boston University. He was married to Barbara Goldsmith since 2006. He now lives in Marina del Rey, California and in Manchester, Vermont.

Synodontis courteti

Synodontis courteti is a species of upside-down catfish. It lives in the countries of the Niger and Chad Basins. This species grows to a length of SL.

Abdul Matin Chowdhury

Abdul Mateen Chowdhury (1895-1948) was a lawyer and Bengali political leader, who was active in the All India Muslim Leagues Pakistan Movement. 

He died in 1948 in Karachi, Pakistan, a year after the achievement of Pakistan.

Aldehyde

An aldehyde () is an organic compound. It contains a formyl group. A formyl group is a part of a molecule with the structure R-CHO. It is made of a carbon double bonded to oxygen. The carbon is also bonded to hydrogen and an R group. A side chain is the rest of the molecule.
The group without the side chain is called the aldehyde group or formyl group. Aldehydes are different from ketones because the formyl group is at the end of the molecule in an aldehyde. Ketones have the formyl group in the middle of the molecule. Aldehydes are common in organic chemistry. Many fragrances (smell producing compounds) are aldehydes. 
Aldehydes have a carbon double bonded to an oxygen. Because of this, they are slightly polar. This causes aldehydes to have a number of properties. One of the most important of these is solubility in water.

The common names for aldehydes are not always the official names. The IUPAC names are useful, however. IUPAC recommends the following nomenclature for aldehydes:

The word "aldehyde" comes from Latin. It was shortened from "alcohol dehydrogenatus" (dehydrogenated alcohol). The word aldehyde was created by Justus von Liebig. In the past, aldehydes were sometimes named after the corresponding alcohols, for example, "vinous aldehyde" for acetaldehyde. ("Vinous" is from the Latin word for wine, which is the traditional source of ethanol.)

The term "formyl group" comes from the Latin or Italian word "formica" which means ant.

Aldehydes have many different properties. These properties change a lot if the rest of the molecule changes. Smaller aldehydes are more soluble in water. Formaldehyde and acetaldehyde are completely soluble in water. Many aldehydes have strong smells. Aldehydes will break down in air.

Two of the most important aldehydes, formaldehyde and acetaldehyde, tend to form long chains. This is called polymerization.

Many aldehydes are found in essential oils and are the reason for their smells. Cinnamaldehyde, cilantro, and vanillin all get their smells from aldehydes.

Aldehydes are highly reactive and participate in many reactions." In industry, aldehydes are used to prepare plasticizers, polyols, and alcohols. In biology, aldehydes are used to replace amine groups and form sugars.

A dialdehyde is a molecule with two aldehydes. The names of dialdehydes have the ending -dial or -dialdehyde. Some dialdehydes are named after the acid that they are similar to. An example is butanedial, which is also called succinaldehyde (from succinic acid).



Of all aldehydes, formaldehyde is produced the most. About 6 million tons per year are made. It is mainly used to make resins when mixed with urea, melamine, and phenol. Bakelite is made like this. Another commonly made aldehyde is butyraldehyde. 2 and a half million tons per year are made. A lot of acetaldehyde once was once made, but much less is made today. This is because chemicals that used to be made from acetaldehyde are now made in other ways.


Entrancei https://www.entrancei.com/chapter-aldehydes-and-ketones/type-of-chemical-reactions-in-carbonyl-compounds 

Pig-nosed turtle

The pig-nosed turtle ("Carettochelys insculpta"), also known as the pitted-shelled turtle or Fly River turtle, is a species of turtle native to northern Australia and southern New Guinea.

The pig-nosed turtle is a very large freshwater turtle, with a shell length of 60-70 centimetres. It is grey to greyish brown in colour on the upper surface, and white to yellow in colour on the lower surface. It has broad paddle-like flippers, each with two claws. Its shell is covered by a soft-pitted skin, instead of the hard scutes that cover the shells of most turtles.

Muhammad Hayat Khan

Nawab Muhammad Hayat Khan, CSI (1833–1901), Khattar was an Indian Muslim administrator who had a distinguished career in British India. He belonged to Wah area of Northern Punjab. 
Muhammad Hayat Khan was a son of Karam Khan, a Punjabi Muslim chieftain of the Khattar tribe who was against Sikh rule in his area and wished to remove it. 

He thus sided with the British East India Company and was killed in 1848. His sons, including Muhammad Hayat, were raised and educated by the British Indian officers like John Nicholson and James Abbott. 

He was eventually selected to become Nicholson's orderly and Persian language interpreter. In 1857, when the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence) broke out, he accompanied Nicholson and his military force to Delhi to counter the rebels there, who were trying to win over the last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah II, to their cause.

In September 1857, when John Nicholson was mortally wounded on an assault on Delhi by the British, Muhammad Hayat looked after him until he died. Before dying, Nicholson recommended him to Sir John Lawrence, Chief Commissioner of the Punjab and later its first Governor. Muhammad Hayat was thus given a series of important civil appointments in the Punjab province by the grateful British, and after serving as an Assistant Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner and then Sessions Judge, he eventually became the first Muslim native to be appointed as a member of the Punjab Legislative Council.

In 1899 he was given a CSI award and given the title of 'Nawab' in recognition of his long and meritorious services to the British Raj. He was also a close friend of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and a firm supporter of the Aligarh Movement for Muslim education, which resulted in the foundation of the MAO College (later Aligarh Muslim University) in India.

He died in December 1901, at his native village Wah, North Punjab, British India. Two of his sons, Sir Liaqat Hayat and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan went on to be famous in their own right.

Thomas Moore

Thomas Moore (28 May 1779 – 25 February 1852) was an Irish writer, poet and music composer. 

His most famous works in include "Irish Melodies" and "Lalla Rookh". He also edited a volume of the "Letters and Journals of Lord Byron" in 1830.

T. E. Lawrence

Colonel T.E. Lawrence (in full Thomas Edward Lawrence), better known in history as Lawrence of Arabia (16 August 1888 – 19 May 1935), was a British Army officer, explorer, scholar, writer, military strategist and linguist. He was born in Tremadog, Caernarfonshire, Wales. He studied history at University of Oxford. He joined the Army by taking part in the Officers' Training Corps at Oxford. He is best known for having helped the Arabs organize themselves against the Turks during the First World War.

His memoirs of the time spent with the Arabs, "The Seven Pillars of Wisdom" (1926), is a well-known work of literature. He died in 1935 in a motorcycle accident in Dorset.

Richard Lovelace

Richard Lovelace (1618-1657) was an English writer, poet, soldier and Royalist, who is considered by many to be the 'perfect Cavalier'. 

Educated at Charterhouse and Oxford University, he took part in expeditions by the troops of King Charles I against various rebels from 1639 to 1642. In 1642, returning to his estates, he was nominated to present a Royalist petition to a hostile Parliament, for which he was ordered to prison by this elected body. During his short term in prison, he wrote one of his most famous poems, 'To Althea, from Prison'. He later spent many years fighting in France and Spain. 

Elizabeth Barrett Browning

Elizabeth Barrett Browning, born on 6 March 1806, was an English poet of the Victorian era. She began writing poetry at the age of six. She was born in Kelloe, County Durham. Her parents were Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett and Mary Graham Clarke. 

Her first adult collection of poems was published in 1838 and she wrote prolifically between 1841 and 1844. Elizabeth's volume Poems of Sonnets (1844) brought her great success, attracting the admiration of the writer Robert Browning, which led to their marriage. She also made efforts to abolish slavery and child labour.

She died on 29 June 1861 in Florence, Italy (where she was living with her husband) at the age of 55. She suffered from many illnesses from the age of 15.

John Nicholson

Brigadier-General John Nicholson (1822-1857) was a British officer of the East India Company, who served and died in British India. He is especially famous today and remembered as the 'Saviour of Delhi' who gave his life and died at Delhi, in September 1857 during the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence), so that the British empire might be saved. 

Nicholson was a very strict and honest administrator, and always took stern action to check crime and dishonesty. Because of this, he was deified (made into a deity, or god) by some Indian people in his lifetime. The people who worshiped him were called "Nikal Saynis". 

Nicholson was buried near Delhi when he died but there is a famous monument, the Nicholson Memorial (also called Nicholson's Obelisk) near Taxila in Pakistan. This was made here by the British people ruling here many years ago, because Nicholson had spent a lot of time in that area. 

Herbert Benjamin Edwardes

Herbert Benjamin Edwardes KCB, KCSI (1819-1868) was an English administrator, soldier and statesman of British India. He served mostly in the Punjab and the Punjab Frontier (later renamed the North-West Frontier Province, and today the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). His name lives on there in the Edwardes College, Peshawar. 

Henry Lawrence

Sir Henry Lawrence (in full Henry Montgomery Lawrence) (28 June 1806-4 July 1857) was a senior British officer and administrator of British India. He was the first Chief Commissioner of the Punjab after its annexation by the British, following the Second Anglo-Sikh War. He died whilst defending Lucknow against a force of rebels, during the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence) in July 1857. 

His younger brother, Sir John Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence, later succeeded Sir Henry in the Punjab and became the province's first Lieutenant-Governor. 

Edward James Corbett

Jim Corbett (25 July 1875 – 19 April 1955) was a British hunter, author and naturalist. He is famous for his hunting exploits in British India, which he recorded in his books. 

Edward James Corbett was born of Irish ancestry in the town of Nainital in the Kumaon of the Himalaya (now in the Indian state of Uttarakhand). Jim grew up in a large family of 13 children and was the eighth child of Willam Christopher and Mary Jane Corbett. His parents had moved to Nainital in 1862, after Christopher Corbett had been appointed postmaster of the town.

Campervan

Campervans are self-propelled vehicles that can provide transport and sleeping accommodation. The term "campervan" mainly represents vans which are fitted out, with a custom built body for use as accommodation. In the United States, the vans are also known as "recreational vehicles" or RVs and are larger than in Europe. Such vehicles sometimes have a refrigerator, microwave oven, showers and televisions.

Filippo Tommaso Marinetti

Filippo Tommaso Marinetti (Alexandria 21 December 1876 – Bellagio 2 December 1944) was an Italian poet and writer. He is famous as the founder of Futurism.



Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa

Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa (Palermo, 23 December 1896 – Rome, 23 July 1957) was an Italian writer. He is most famous for his only historical novel, "The Leopard" ("Il Gattopardo"), which is set in Sicily during the Risorgimento.


Mute swan

The mute swan ("Cygnus olor") is a species of swan, and thus a member of the duck, goose and swan family Anatidae. It is native to much of Europe and Asia, and (as a rare winter visitor) the far north of Africa. It is also an introduced species in North America, Australasia and southern Africa.

Measuring 125 to 170 centimetres (49 to 67 in) in length, this large swan is wholly white in plumage with an orange bill bordered with black. It is recognisable by its pronounced knob atop the bill.

When swimming, the mute swan holds its neck in a graceful "S" curve with its bill pointing downward. The whooper swans usually carry their bill level with their neck erect. The male frequently arches his secondary wing feathers over his back in an aggressive display posture.

Endothelium

Endothelium is a layer of cells that line the walls of the circulatory system which carries blood around the body. The cells form a membrane so that certain substances, such as nutrients, can move through the walls. In an adult human there is about 1 kg of endothelium cells, which would cover an area of about 7m. The endothelium plays an important part in controlling the flow of blood around the body.

Hurricane Sandy (2012)

Hurricane Sandy was an Atlantic tropical cyclone which affected parts of the Caribbean, Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States in late October 2012, and became the largest Atlantic hurricane in diameter, with winds spanning 1,100 miles (1,800 km). It made landfall on the East Coast of the United States and Eastern Canada (Nova Scotia). Sandy was the eighteenth tropical cyclone, eighteenth named storm, and tenth hurricane of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm developed from a tropical wave in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22. It quickly got bigger and stronger after becoming a tropical depression. It was then upgraded to a tropical storm six hours later. Sandy moved slowly northward toward the Greater Antilles and got stronger. On October 24, Sandy made landfall in Jamaica and was upgraded to a hurricane. Sandy made a second landfall in Cuba, where it became a Category 3 hurricane.

At least 43 people were killed: 40 in the Caribbean and three in the Bahamas. On October 25, Sandy got weaker and became a Category 1 hurricane. On October 27, Sandy became a tropical storm for a few hours. It then became a Category 1 hurricane again that morning. On October 26, Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray declared a state of emergency for the nation's capital. That same day the governors of Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania and Virginia also declared a state of emergency. Landfall in New Jersey came on October 29. Damage was extensive there and in New York. It was the 2nd costliest hurricane behind Hurricane Katrina (2005), Hurricane Harvey (2017), Hurricane Maria (2017) and Hurricane Irma (2017).

On October 19, a tropical wave was moving westward through the eastern Caribbean Sea. It had an extended low pressure area. It was expected to become better organized. On October 20, the system became better organized as expected. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported that it had a high potential for it to become a tropical cyclone within 48 hours. The next day, thunderstorms were small. Although, barometric pressure in the area remained low. Because of this, the system had potential for development. The thunderstorms got bigger, while the system slowed and eventually stopped moving. At 1500 UTC on October 22, the NHC gave out advisories on Tropical Depression Eighteen. The NHC reported that the storm was 320 mi (515 km) south of Kingston, Jamaica.

When the tropical depression formed, it was in an area of weak steering currents. This was located south of a ridge extending eastward from the Gulf of Mexico. The system was in an area favorable for strengthening. Late on October 22, a Hurricane Hunters flight found winds of in a rainband. This made NHC to upgrade the depression to Tropical Storm Sandy. Because of the moist atmosphere, the storm got better organized. Early on October 24, an eye began to develop. By that time, Sandy was moving slowly northward. At 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC) on October 24, the NHC upgraded Sandy to hurricane status. This was because the Hurricane Hunters found winds of . At the time, Sandy was located about south of Kingston, Jamaica.
Sandy made landfall near Kingston at 3:00 p.m EDT (1900 UTC) on October 24. It had winds of about . Before making its second landfall, Sandy got stronger and became a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale with 110 mph (175 km/h). At 1:25 am EDT (0525 UTC), Sandy made landfall in Cuba just west of Santiago de Cuba. When it made landfall in Cuba, Sandy had a visible eye of over in diameter. At the time, winds reached 135 mph (216 km/h). While over land, the storm weakened and the eye was no longer visible. After Sandy left Cuba, dry air and increasing shear caused the storm to be disorganized. A mid-level low over Florida turned the hurricane toward the north-northwest. By early on October 26, most of the storm was to the north of the center. This caused the storm to get larger. By the next day, the NHC reported that Sandy was starting to become more of a hybrid cyclone. On October 27, Sandy weakened to a tropical storm. A few hours later, it got stronger and became a Category 1 hurricane again.

After Sandy developed into a tropical cyclone on October 22, the Government of Jamaica issued a tropical storm watch. Early on October 23, the watch became a tropical storm warning. That same day, a hurricane watch was issued for Jamaica. On that same day at 1500 UTC, the hurricane watch was upgraded to a hurricane warning.

The Government of Haiti issued a tropical storm watch for Haiti. By late October 23, it was upgraded to a tropical storm warning. There was a hurricane watch issued for the Cuban Provinces of Camagüey, Granma, Guantánamo, Holguín, Las Tunas, and Santiago de Cuba at 1500 UTC on October 23. Only three hours later, the hurricane watch was switched to a hurricane warning. Only three hours later, the hurricane watch was switched to a hurricane warning.

The Government of the Bahamas issued a tropical storm watch for the Acklins, Cat Island, Crooked Island, Exuma, Inagua, Long Cay, Long Island, Mayaguana, Ragged Island, Rum Cay, and San Salvador Island. Later that day, another tropical storm watch was issued for Abaco Islands, Andros Island, the Berry Islands, Bimini, Eleuthera, Grand Bahama, and New Providence. By early on October 24, the tropical storm watch for Cat Island, Exuma, Long Island, Rum Cay, and San Salvador was upgraded to a tropical storm warning.

At 11:15 a.m. EDT (1515 UTC) on October 26, the Bermuda Weather Service issued a tropical storm watch for Bermuda. This was because of the size of the storm and its possible effect on the island.

Many public schools on the Treasure Coast and in Palm Beach County, Florida were closed for Friday October 26. FEMA announced that they will monitor Sandy and help those in need.

Government weather forecasters said there is a 90% chance that the East Coast of the United States get "slammed". Utilities and governments along the East Coast prepared for long-term power failures. In New Jersey, where the storm was expected to come ashore, utilities told employees to be prepared for longer shifts.

On October 26, North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue declared a state of emergency for 38 counties. The emergency took effect on October 27. GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney cancelled a campaign in Virginia Beach because of Sandy. Joe Biden also cancelled his campaign because of Sandy. The US Navy sent more than two dozen ships to sea from Norfolk Naval Base, for their protection. On October 26, Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray declared a state of emergency for the nation's capital. That same day the governors of Pennsylvania, Maryland and Virginia also declared a state of emergency.

In Cape May County, New Jersey, officials ordered residents on barrier islands to evacuate

Philadelphia's Mayor Michael Nutter asked residents in low lying areas to leave their home by 2 p.m October 28.

In New York City, officials activated the city's coastal emergency plan. The subways closed. There were also evacuations for residents in areas where Hurricane Irene made landfall in August 2011. Mayor Michael Bloomberg said that some residents should prepare to evacuate. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency for every county in the state. On Long Island, Suffolk County officials ordered a mandatory evacuation of Fire Island residents. Cuomo went on to declared that Hurricane Sandy had been “more impactful” than Hurricane Katrina.

Connecticut's Governor Dan Malloy opened the state's Emergency Operations Center on October 26. Malloy signed a Declaration of Emergency the next day.

Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick declared a state of emergency.

The Canadian Hurricane Centre issued its first statement of Sandy on October 25, 2012. One model suggested that Sandy would make a landfall in the East Coast of the United States, possibly affecting Southern Ontario.

At least 253 people were confirmed killed across the United States, the Caribbean, Canada, and the Bahamas, as a result of the storm. The New York City Subway was shut down for days, and parts of it for months. Large areas lost electric power distribution for days. Thousands of houses were damaged by wind and flood, and hundreds burned because firefighters could not reach them.

Mir Masjidi Khan

Sahibzada Mir Masjidi Khan (died 1841) was a leader in the Kohistan region of Afghanistan. He opposed the occupation of Afghanistan by the Government of British India during the First Anglo-Afghan War. Leaders in the Kohistan region including Mir Masjidi Khan, refused to pay taxes to the British, and began to organize their soldiers in July 1840. After attacks by British soldiers he and Sultan Muhammad Khan joined forces with Dost Muhammad Khan and fought a major battle with British at Parwan on November 2nd, 1840. After the battle Mir Masjid Khan continued to attack the British, while Dost Muhammad Khan surrendered. Mir Masjidi was later given poison by the British and he later died.

He is remembered by the Mir Masjidi Khan Medal, the second highest civilian award in Afghanistan. Winners have included the boxer Hamid Rahimi, truck driver Adam Khan, Olympic games coach Bashir Taraki and teacher Attaullah Wahidyar.

Olaf Caroe

Sir Olaf Caroe (or in full, Olaf Kirkpatrick Kruuse Caroe), KCSI, KCIE (1892-1981) was an administrator in 'British India. He remained Governor of the North-West Frontier Province from 1945 to 1947. 

Black rhinoceros

The black rhinoceros ("Diceros bicornis"), is a species of rhinoceros. It lives in eastern and central Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Cameroon, South Africa, Namibia, Zimbabwe, and Angola. The black rhinoceros is not actually black, but dark. It is a browser, with lips that help eating from low branches.

The other African rhinoceros is the white rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum"). The white rhinoceros is not white, but lighter coloured.

The black rhinoceros ("Diceros bicornis"), is a species of rhinoceros. It lives in eastern and central Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Cameroon, South Africa, Namibia, Zimbabwe, and Angola. The black rhinoceros is not actually black, but dark. It is a browser, with lips that help eating from low branches.

The other African rhinoceros is the white rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum"). The white rhinoceros is not white, but lighter coloured.

There is a type of bird called an oxpecker in English that likes to sit on the rhino's back and eat insects and other small animals that bite the rhino's skin. Because the birds also peck at the rhinos' skins with their beaks and hurt it, scientists wondered why the rhinos do not shake the birds off their backs. One team of scientists from California State University and Victoria University in Australia found that the black rhinoceros listens for the noises the oxpecker makes. Rhinoceros cannot see well but oxpeckers can. Oxpeckers make a noise when they see humans nearby that is different from their other noises. The rhinos hear this noise and then either look for the human or run away. The scientists performed an experiment: A human would slowly walk toward a rhino. Rhinos without oxpeckers on their backs only noticed the human one out of five times, but rhinos with oxpeckers noticed the human every time and from much further away. The scientists wondered if bringing flocks of oxpeckers to groups of rhinoceros without them would help the rhinos avoid human hunters.

The scientists had the idea for this experiment because the Swahili language word for oxpecker is "Askari wa kifaru," which means "the rhino's guard" in English. One of the scientists said it was important to listen to indigenous peoples when studying things in the places where those people live. "We too often dismiss the importance of indigenous people and their observations," said ecologist Roan Plotz, who worked on this study. "While western science has been incredibly useful, there are many insights we can learn from indigenous communities."
Black rhinoceros is currently one of the endangered species and is on the verge of extinction in Africa.There has been approximately 96% decline in its population and one of the major causes for its extinction is habitat destruction and encroachment.

Philip Mason

Philip Mason (also known by his pseudonym of Philip Woodruff) OBE (19 March 1906 – 25 January 1999) was a civil servant in British India and the author (under his pen-name) of a well-known book, "The Men Who Ruled India". 

Mafdet

Mafdet was a goddess in early Egyptian mythology. She protected against snakes and scorpions and was often shown as either some sort of feline or mongoose.

In art, Mafdet was shown as a feline, a woman with a feline head, or a feline with the head of a woman.

Majed Abdullah

Majed Ahmed Abdullah Al-Mohammed (; born 1 November 1959 in Jeddah) is a retired Saudi Arabian footballer. He played as a striker. He has scored more goals for the Saudi national team than any other player. He was nicknamed the Arabian Pelé. Abdullah was voted as the best football player in the history of Saudi Arabia in a poll by IBOPE Zogby International.

Two wrongs make a right

The phrases, "Two wrongs make a right" and "two wrongs don't make a right" are English phrases that denote philosophical norms. 

The key idea is based on the "two wrongs" phrase which consider the two things as wrong.

“Two wrongs don't make a right”, is a proverb used to rebuke or renounce wrongful conduct as a response to another's assumed transgression.

“Two wrongs make a right” in which an allegation of wrongdoing is countered with a similar allegation. In English language, it might be considered as a fallacy of relevance.

“Two wrongs make a right” might be considered as a fallacy of relevance when assuming that, if one wrong is committed, then another wrong will cancel it out. 

This phrase considers the two actions are wrong. for this reason it is not used by a wrongdoer which does not consider its action as wrong.

This phrase considers breaking the law (or the wrong) is justified, as long as the other party also does so. 

Two wrongs don't make a right is a proverb which means that a wrongful action is not a appropriate way to correct or cancel a previous wrongful action, in regard to a norm.

Additionally, it alleges the first action is also wrong.

When both actions are considered wrong, the two phrases might be opposed to each other.

Common use of the term has been criticized by scholar Gregory S. Kavka writing in the "Journal of Business Ethics". Kavka refers back to philosophical concepts of retribution by Thomas Hobbes. He states that if something supposedly held up as a moral standard or common social rule is violated enough in society, then an individual or group within society can break that standard or rule as well since this keeps them from being unfairly disadvantaged. As well, in specific circumstances violations of social rules can be defensible if done as direct responses to other violations. For example, Kavka states that it is wrong to deprive someone of their property but it is right to take property back from a criminal who takes other's property in the first place. He also states that one should be careful not to use this ambiguity as an excuse to recklessly violate ethical rules.

Conservative journalist Victor Lasky wrote in his book "It Didn't Start With Watergate" that while "two wrongs don't make a right", if a set of immoral things are done and left un-prosecuted, this creates a legal precedent. Thus, people who do the same wrongs in the future should rationally expect to get away as well. Lasky analogizes the situation between John F. Kennedy's wiretapping of Martin Luther King, Jr. (which lead to nothing) and Richard Nixon's actions in Watergate (which Nixon thought would also lead to nothing).

The phrase "two wrongs infer one right" appears in a poem dated to 1734, published in "The London Magazine".



Siegfried Sassoon

Siegfried Sassoon (8 September 1886 – 1 September 1967) was an English poet and novelist, who became widely known as a result of a protest against the First World War that he made in 1917.

Sassoon's father, Alfred, came from a very rich family, but they did not approve of his marriage and as a result he did not inherit any of the family fortune. Sassoon's mother, Theresa, came from a family of artists. She and Alfred had three sons: Michael, Siegfried and Hamo, but Alfred left her when the children were still very young. Alfred himself died not long afterwards, leaving Theresa to bring up the three boys. Although they were not as wealthy as Alfred's family, they were able to live comfortably in a large house near the village of Matfield in Kent.

As a young man, Siegfried could afford to keep a horse and became a very inspiring and a very good professional rider, but his greatest ambition was to be a millionaire and a poet. He did not succeed in finding a publisher for any of his work until just before the First World War broke out. At that point, he joined the army. He chose the Sussex Yeomanry, in order that his horse could go with him rather than being taken by the authorities for other uses. As a result of a riding accident during training, he was out of action for a while, and he then decided to join an infantry regiment and become an officer. The regiment he joined was the Royal Welch Fusiliers, and he began with the rank of lieutenant.

Eventually Sassoon was sent out to France to fight on the Western Front and was shocked by his experiences there. He became friends with another poet, Robert Graves, who, although younger than Sassoon, had been at the Front for longer and had grown used to it. He suggested that Sassoon's poetry could be improved if he began to write in a more realistic way about the things he saw and experienced in France, and Sassoon took his advice and changed his style a lot.

By 1917, many of Sassoon's friends, and his brother, had been killed and he had become very angry about the war. As a result of several acts of bravery, he had been awarded the Military Cross, but he did not see this as a great honour. When he was sent home to get better from a wound, he met people who were against the war, and, after listening to their ideas, he began to believe that the politicians were making the war last longer than it needed to, instead of using chances to make peace with the Germans. He decided not to return to his regiment at the end of his time away from the war. Feeling very depressed and angry, he wrote a letter to his commanding officer, explaining that he was not coming back because he wanted to protest about the war.

When soldiers acted against orders like this, they were normally made to appear at a court-martial. However, because of Sassoon's good record as a soldier, he was given a chance to change his mind. His friend Robert Graves told the senior officers how depressed Sassoon was and said that he was too ill to fight. It was decided to send him to a hospital in Edinburgh, which specialised in dealing with officers who were suffering from mental illness. Sassoon did not like being there, because he felt that he was not really ill. He was greatly influenced by his doctor, W. H. R. Rivers, who became a kind of father figure to him. While he was a patient in Edinburgh, he met another young officer, called Wilfred Owen. Owen admired Sassoon's poetry and the two became close friends. Sassoon helped Owen to write better poetry; this is known because the manuscript of one of Owen's greatest poems, "Anthem for Doomed Youth", still exists showing corrections in Sassoon's writing. Sassoon and Owen were separated after a few months, when Sassoon came to the end of his time at the hospital and agreed to go back to his regiment.

Sassoon was not sent back to France immediately, but fought for a few months in Palestine, where the troops were in less danger of being killed. After that, he returned to France, but after only a short time he was wounded again, and this time it was serious enough to stop him from being sent back. He stayed in touch with Wilfred Owen. While Sassoon was away fighting, Owen had also been released from hospital, and was being sent back to his regiment in France. Several days before the end of the war, Owen was killed.

During the war, Sassoon's poetry had become very successful. After the war, however, he went through a period of great unhappiness. His friend Rivers died suddenly, and he felt he had nothing left to write about. He realised that he was homosexual, but he was unable to find a partner he could rely on. He thought of becoming a politician, but began writing for the newspapers instead. After a few years, a friend suggested that he should write about his experiences in a novel. Sassoon did so, writing about his early life and calling the book "Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man" (1928). He published the book without using his name, because he was well known as a poet and did not know if he could write prose. He called the hero of his book "George Sherston", but the character was based on Sassoon himself. The book turned out to be a huge success, and Sassoon wrote two sequels to it. He later wrote three more prose books about his life. This time he did not disguise any of the characters. These books were also very successful.

At the age of 47, after several homosexual love affairs, Sassoon married. His wife, Hester, was much younger than him, but Sassoon wanted to become a father. They moved into Heytesbury House in Wiltshire, a large house that he had bought with money inherited from his aunt, Rachel Beer. Two years after their marriage, Hester became pregnant with their son George (1936-2006). Hester did not want to have any more children. This became the cause of many quarrels between the couple. After the Second World War, they agreed to divorce, and Hester went to live in Scotland, taking George with her. Sassoon continued to see his son, but he was unable have the close relationship with George that he would have liked.

He continued to be a respected writer until his death, and had many friends in the world of literature, including another poet, Edmund Blunden, whom he had met during the 1920s. In 1951, he was awarded the CBE and in 1957 the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry.
Sassoon had been brought up by his mother in the Church of England, although his father was Jewish. His war experiences made him doubt the existence of God, and he was not interested in religion until towards the end of his life. In 1957, after much heart-searching, he became a Roman Catholic, and remained so until his death at the age of eighty. He was buried in the churchyard at Mells in Somerset.

Evelyn Underhill

Evelyn Underhill (married name "Evelyn Moore") (1875–1941) was an English mystical poet and writer, who is best known for her several mystical theological works. 

G. K. Chesterton

G. K. Chesterton (in full Gilbert Keith Chesterton; 1874–1936) was an English author and critic who wrote a large and varied number of works, including essays, poems, novels, short stories and more. He is perhaps best remembered today for his delightfully mysterious yet humorous Father Brown stories, based on his very popular, imaginary priest-detective.

Maki Kureishi

Maki Kureishi (1927–1995) was a Pakistani poet writing in English, known for her delicate and highly sensitive poetry. She taught for many years at the University of Karachi in Karachi, Pakistan. She was the aunt of English writer Hanif Kureishi. 

Anna Molka Ahmed

Anna Molka Ahmed (13 August 1917 – 20 April 1994) was a Pakistani artist, art writer and poet who played a major role in starting the Department of Fine Arts at the University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.

Kaleem Omar

Kaleem Omar (1937–2009) was a Pakistani poet and journalist.

Tariq Rahman

Dr Tariq Rahman (born 4 February 1949), is a Pakistani linguist, academic, writer and journalist. He taught for many years at the Quaid i Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan. 

Bart Willoughby

Bart Willoughby (born on 12 September 1960) is an Aboriginal Australian musician. He became notable during the 1980s for introducing a unique style of music, mixing aboriginal music with reggae and rock music. Willoughby is often seen as a pioneer for modern indigenous musicians in Australia. He was the first Aborigine to sign a record contract and the first to compose the music for a movie. His band No Fixed Address was the first indigenous band to tour overseas.

Since then, Willoughby has performed with many famous musicians and bands, including Midnight Oil, Cold Chisel, Peter Tosh, Shane Howard and Yothu Yindi. Willoughby is now known as one of Australia's leading Aboriginal rock composers and performers. His song "We Have Survived", composed when he was 18, is often seen as a kind of anthem by indigenous Australians. Others of his more well known songs include "Black Man's Rights", "Aboriginal Woman" and "My Father is an Aboriginal Man".

Willoughby was born in 1960 in South Australia. His father was Kokatha, with relations to the Pitjantjatjara and Warlpiri nations; and his mother was a member of the Mirning people, from the Nullabor Plain. Willoughby grew up at Koonibba, which was a Lutheran mission at the time. When he was 15 years old, he began learning at the Centre for Aboriginal Studies in Music at the University of Adelaide. Here he was introduced to drumming, guitars and Western music. Over the next few years there, he developed an unusual style of music by mixing traditional indigenous music with modern Western music styles, particularly reggae.

In 1978, Willoughby formed his first band, No Fixed Address. This was Australia's first indigenous rock band. The band played its first big concert in 1979, and held several gigs over the next few years. They mostly played at concerts that promoted political and social causes. The band signed a recording contract in 1982, with Rough Diamond Records. It was the first record deal with an Aboriginal musical act in Australia. The deal produced the band's first extended play, "From My Eyes", which began with the song "We Have Survived". Its sale was launched in Sydney by the Prime Minister Bob Hawke.

Later in the year, Willoughby and his band toured Australia as the opening act for Peter Tosh. Willoughby also played drums with Shane Howard and Goanna during their own tours of the country. The success from Tosh's tour led the Aboriginal Arts Board to give No Fixed Address a grant, to be used for a tour of their own overseas. The band toured England, in 1984. It was the first Aboriginal band to travel and play overseas. They played in nine cities, including London, Bristol, Leeds, Plymouth and Manchester. They also played at the Elephant Fayre festival in Saint Germans, Cornwall, and at a benefit concert for the miners' strikes.

After coming back to Australia, Willoughby joined his cousin's new band Coloured Stone. He played with this group from 1984, including during its tour of Scotland in 1986. They played at that year's Edinburgh Festival. They returned to Australia for the Australian Music Awards at the end of the year, and won the Best Indigenous Album award for "Human Love".

Willoughby reformed No Fixed Address in 1987, and the band toured Europe during 1987–1988.

Late in 1988, Willoughby was asked to join the newly formed Yothu Yindi as drummer on their tour for the album "Diesel & Dust". The tour visited 73 cities in the United States. Willoughby left Yothu Yindi in 1989 after the tour, and formed a new band Mixed Relations. This is the band he currently plays with. They have toured many Aboriginal communities and Australian cities, as well as several countries in the Pacific Islands.

In 1989, the band performed as the closing act for the very first Invasion Day (an alternative to Australia Day) concert at La Perouse in Sydney. They returned every year after that until the concerts stopped in 1994. They also represented Australia at the South Pacific Music Festival in 1990 and 1992, and at the Asian Music Festival in 1990 and 1992.

In 1980, Willoughby starred with another indigenous band (Us Mob) in a movie called "Wrong Side of the Road". It was a biographical drama movie about racism against Aboriginal musicians in rural towns. The movie won an award from the Australian Film Institute (AFI) in 1981. In 1990, Willoughby was cast in a small role in "Until the End of the World". The movie starred William Hurt and Sam Neill, as well as indigenous actors Ernie Dingo, David Gulpilil and Jimmy Little.

Willoughby also composed and recorded the soundtracks for several movies (mostly documentaries). These were done with No Fixed Address, and included "Always Was, Always Will Be" in 1988 and "Special Treatment: Locking up Aboriginal Children" in 1991. In 1992, he became the first Aboriginal to compose, play and direct the music track of a feature film. The movie was "Jindalee Lady", directed by Brian Syron. The movie was shown as part of the International First Nations Art and Film Festival in Edmonton, Canada, and the Hawaii International Film Festival.

Willoughby was given the very first Indigenous Australian Music Lifetime Achievement Award in 1993 for his contribution to the growth of indigenous music in Australia. Sol Bellear, Commissioner of the Aboriginal Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC) said that Willoughby had been an "innovator" for indigenous musicians in Australia:

In the same year, Willoughby began teaching music to children at a Pitjantjatjara school in Yalata.

In 1997, Willoughby signed a contract as a solo artist with CAAMA Music. His first album was "Pathways". It was nominated for an award by the Australian Performing Rights Association (APRA). In 2011, both No Fixed Address and Coloured Stone were put in the National Indigenous Music Awards Hall of Fame.






We Have Survived

"We Have Survived" is a song by the Australian band No Fixed Address. It was written by Bart Willoughby when he was 18. It first appeared in the movie "Wrong Side of the Road", and was released on its soundtrack in 1980. It was later included on the band's first album "From My Eyes" from 1982.

"We Have Survived" is often sung as a kind of anthem by Indigenous Australians. It is often performed by cover bands in pubs and festivals. In 2008, it was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry.


Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians

Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians are a club of LGBT persons who go against abortion while at the same time representing the LGBT community. The group was established around 1990 in Minneapolis and Washington, D.C. The group advocates for alternatives to abortion.

Zulfikar Ghose

Zulfikar Ghose (born March 1935) is a writer and novelist of Pakistani origin, settled and teaching in Texas, USA. Among his better known works are "The Murder of Aziz Khan" (1967), "The Incredible Brazilian" (trilogy, 1972-78), "Don Bueno" (1983) and "The Triple Mirror of the Self" (1992). 

National Liberation Front of Tripura

The National Liberation Front of Tripura (or NLFT) is an Tripuri nationalist militant organization based in Tripura, in North-east India. The NLFT seeks to separate from the Republic of India and set up an independent Tripuri state, and has actively participated in the Tripura Rebellion.

Kukernag

Kokernag () is a town in the Anantnag District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Taklamakan Desert

The Taklamakan Desert, also known as Taklimakan and Teklimakan, is a desert in Northwest China, in the southwest part of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. It is bounded by the Kunlun Mountains to the south and the desert Pamir Mountains and Tian Shan to the west and north. The Taklamakan Desert Ecoregion is a Chinese ecoregion of the Deserts and xeric shrublands Biome. 

There is very little water in the desert and it is dangerous to cross. Merchant caravans on the Silk Road stopped for relief at the thriving oasis towns. The key oasis towns, watered by rainfall from the mountains, were Kashgar, Marin, Niya, Yarkand and Khotan to the south, Kuqa and Turpan in the north and Loulan and Dunhuang in the east. Some of these are now ruined cities in sparsely inhabited areas in the Xinjiang Autonomous Region. The present population consists largely of Turkic Uyghur people.

Rapid plant movement

Rapid plant movement means quick movement of plant structures, usually under a second. 

For example, the Venus Flytrap closes its trap in about 100 milliseconds. Some other carnivorous plants, such as the bladderworts, also have a rapid response to insects.

The Dogwood Bunchberry, "Cornus canadensis", has a flower which opens its petals and fires pollen in less than 0.5 milliseconds. The record is currently held by the White Mulberry tree, "Morus alba", whose leaves are used to cultivate silkworms. It is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. The stamens act as catapults, releasing stored elastic energy in just 25 µs. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

The very widespread genus "Impatiens" gets its common name, "touch-me-not", from its seed capsules. When the capsules mature, they "explode" when touched, shooting seeds several metres away.
A comparatively slow-moving plant is "Mimosa pudica", which closes its leaflets in a graceful sequence.

These rapid plant movements contrast with the more common, and much slower "growth-movements" of plants. They are called "tropisms". 

Charles Darwin in 1880 published his last work before his death, "The Power of Movement in Plants".


Morus alba

Morus alba (the white mulberry, common mulberry, or the silkworm mulberry), is a genus of 10–16 species of trees. They are native to warm regions of Central Asia, and South-central Asia, with most of the species native to Asia. 

Mulberry leaves, particularly those of the white mulberry, "Morus alba", are important as the food of the silkworm, the cocoon of which is used to make silk. "Morus alba" is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

Aleksandr Viktorenko

Aleksandr Stepanovich Viktorenko (born March 29, 1947) is a former Soviet cosmonaut. He was born in Olginka, North-Kazakhstan Oblast, Kazakh SSR on March 29, 1947. He is married with two children.

He was selected as an cosmonaut on March 23, 1978, and retired on May 30, 1997. During his career he was Commander of Soyuz TM-3, Soyuz TM-8, Soyuz TM-14. He spent a total of 489 days in space, including 19 hours and 33 minutes working outside the spacecraft./


Avery Waddell

Avery Kidd Waddell is an African-American actor. He has acted in many movies and been a guest star on programs including "Law & Order", "Angel" and "Weeds". He has also been a voice actor in several video games. He has been in the movies "Road Trip" and "The New Guy"

Addison's disease

Addison's disease is a rare and chronic endocrine disorder discovered by Thomas Addison. U.S. President John F. Kennedy is probably one of the most famous sufferers though his condition was kept secret during his presidency. Addision's disease is when the body does not produce enough of the hormone called cortisol. This hormone helps the body deal with stress. It helps with maintaining blood pressure and controlling the heart's functions. It slows the rate of inflammation caused by the body's immune system. It helps with controlling the way insulin is used, and the chemical reactions of proteins, carbohydrates and fats in the body. People with the disease suffer from weight loss, fatigue, weakness and low blood pressure. Some people also get darkened patches of skin. Addison's disease is treated by taking an artificial cortisol tablet. 

The Jim Henson Company

The Jim Henson Company is an American entertainment company. It started with Muppets, LLC. in 1958 by puppeteer Jim Henson. Henson is the creator of The Muppets. The Muppets helped the company become popular worldwide. They were well known in family entertainment for more than forty years.

In 1969, the company started making characters and more than 20 short movies for the popular children's show "Sesame Street".

One of the company's first characters regularly on national television was Rowlf the Dog. He was first made for Purina Dog Chow commercials. He became famous when he became a regular character on "The Jimmy Dean Show" from 1963–66.

In 1976, British media mogul Lew Grade asked Jim Henson to make a weekly show based in England, which became "The Muppet Show". The success of "The Muppet Show" led to many movies, specials, videos, and more.

In the early 1980s, Jim Henson also formed Jim Henson's Creature Shop. It made characters for shows such as "The Storyteller", "Farscape", and "Dinosaurs"; and movies such as "The Dark Crystal" and "Labyrinth". It was also in the 1980s that Jim Henson produced new television series such as "Fraggle Rock" and "The Jim Henson Hour".
In 1990, Jim Henson was talking to The Walt Disney Company about selling his company. Henson died during the week that he was going to sign the contract. His family decided to have the company keep the rights to the characters. However, on December 18, 1991, The Walt Disney Company bought the distribution rights to the entire Jim Henson Company library up to that time.

In 2020, Jim Henson’s children sold the company to the German media company, EM.TV. In January 1, 2021 they sold the "Sesame Street" Muppets to Sesame Workshop. In 2023 Henson's children bought back the company. In 2024, they sold the rights to "The Muppets" and "Bear in the Big Blue House" characters to The Walt Disney Company. The Walt Disney Company now owns all Muppet-related trademarks, including the word “Muppet”.

Yalata, South Australia

Yalata is an Aboriginal community on the coast of South Australia. It is about west of Ceduna. The reserve, Yalata Aboriginal Land, covers and spans about of the Eyre Highway. It is one of 74 local government areas in South Australia.

The people who originally live in this region are Wirangu and Mirning. However, most of the people who live at Yalata are Pitjantjatjara, who originally come from the north (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara). They speak a southern dialect of the Pitjantjatjara language. This is spoken as a first language in most homes (58% in 2006). The other groups making up the land's traditional owners are the Kokatha, Yankunytjatjara, Antakirinja, Pindiini and Ngalea, which are all nations of the Western Desert.

Pitjantjatjara were forced to move here by the Australian government in the 1950s. Large parts of their land in the north were made into the Woomera Test Range, a weapons testing area. The families were first moved south, to a Christian mission at Ooldea. They were moved to Yalata, even further south, in 1952. This second move was done because of nuclear-weapon tests being done at Maralinga and Emu Field. The title to the lands around Maralinga (Maralinga Tjarutja) was given back to the Aboriginal people by the South Australian Parliament in December 1984. People from Yalata and further inland resettled on the land in 1995.

A total of 82% of residents identify their main religion as Lutheran.


Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara

Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) is a large area of Aboriginal land in the north west corner of South Australia. It belongs to the Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra peoples (or Aṉangu). Native title was granted by the government of David Tonkin on 30 October 1981. The land covers about , about 10.4% of the state. It is one of the 74 local government areas of South Australia.

The APY lands are arid and very remote. It is mostly flat, except for the Everard Ranges in the east and Musgrave Ranges along the border with the Northern Territory. There are about 2500 people living on the lands.

The area covered by APY represents the southern portion of the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara homelands; the northern portion is in the Northern Territory, surrounding Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. In 1921, the western half of what is now the APY lands was made into the North-West Aboriginal Reserve. This was alongside another reserve across the border in the Northern Territory, called the Petermann Reserve. Both reserves were intended to form a temporary refuge (safe place) for Aboriginal people. The government said they could continue their nomadic lifestyle there until they could be assimilated into modern society. The eastern half of what is now the APY lands was part of the Woomera Test Range during the 1950s and 1960s. The boundary of the range was later moved further south, and the land was then leased to cattle farmers.

In 1966, South Australia passed the Aboriginal Lands Trust Act. It was the first piece of legislation (law) in Australia to recognise Aboriginal land rights and allow for Aboriginal groups to be given land based on how they had lived there. No other state or territory would enact anything like it until 10 years later. In 1976, the Pitjantjatjara Council made an formal claim to the lands around the Musgrave Ranges. It was done on behalf of all Aṉangu with historical connections to the area. Premier Don Dunstan and his government proposed a bill to parliament in 1978, intending to grant the Pitjantjatjara rights to their land. However, opal miners strongly objected to the proposal. They had set up mining camps at Mintabie, within the area that would be given to the Aṉangu. The government changed after state elections in 1979. The new government of David Tonkin had years of negotiations with the Pitjantjatjara Council and the miners at Mintabie. A parliamentary committee produced a final decision on 2 March 1981. It said that the Mintabie area should be included in the grant of land, but be leased back to the government so that mining can continue there. The bill was approved by parliament on the same day.

Tonkin signed the Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act on 2 October 1981, putting the bill into effect. The freehold title to the land was given to the Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra peoples, who formed a council as the local government. The grant included the former leasehold areas in the eastern portion: Everard Park, Kenmore Park and Granite Downs. A portion of the southeast of the APY lands (about ) still overlaps with the Woomera Test Range.

The lease for Mintabie lasted for 21 years, expiring in 2002. New legislation in 2009 allowed for another lease, which was signed in April 2012.

The APY is one of 74 local government areas of South Australia. It includes a number of settlement communities, as well as over 50 family outstations (referred to as "homelands"). Most of the settlements are located in the far north. The administrative centre for the APY is Umuwa. The four largest towns, as recorded in the 2006 census are Iwantja (339 people), Pukatja (332), Amata (319) and Mimili (303). The only non-indigenous community is the opal-mining town of Mintabie (250 people). The other settlement communities are: Kaltjiti, Watarru, Kanpi, Nyapari, Kalka, Pipalyatjara, Yunyarinyi and Watinuma.

In the 2006 census, there were 2,230 people living on the APY Lands. About 84.5% of them were Indigenous Australians. Over half (58.6%) of residents listed Pitjantjatjara as the language spoken at home; 14.3% listed Yankunytjatjara; and 18.7% gave English as their spoken language.

There has not been much economic development, except for tourism. There have been proposals to mine in the area. The Musgrave Ranges is estimated to contain rich mineral and petroleum deposits. The APY government has not allowed mining so far, because it is concerned about the social impacts it may have, and the possible impacts on sacred sites and the environment.

Two major issues throughout the APY Lands are the low standard of health care (compared to the rest of Australia) and drug abuse (usually alcohol, petrol sniffing, cannabis and, more recently, other illegal drugs). The fact that the indigenous area crosses over three jurisdictions (South Australia, Western Australia and the Northern Territory) has made enforcing drug-trafficking laws difficult. An inquiry into child sexual abuse on the APY Lands was done by a retired Supreme Court judge. It was completed in 2008, and found that this had been a widespread problem in several of the APY communities for many years.

In early August 2007, the South Australian government announced a A$34 million plan to "improve well-being of Aboriginal people" in the APY Lands. $25m will be spent on improving housing and most of the remaining $8m on law enforcement in Amata and Pukatja.


Academy Award for Best Film Editing

The Academy Award for Film Editing is one of the yearly awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 

Since 1981, every movie selected as Best Picture has also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar. About two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing. 

This award was first given for movies released in 1934. The name of this award is sometimes changed. In 2008, it was listed as the Academy Award for Achievement in Film Editing.

These listings are based on the Awards Database maintained by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.








The award name was changed to Best Editing in 1999.














Iqbal Park

Iqbal Park is a park in Lahore, Pakistan. It was called Minto Park during British Indian times. It is named after "Allama" Sir Muhammad Iqbal, the National Poet of Pakistan. In the All India Muslim Leagues session of 21-24 March 1940, which was held here, the famous Lahore Resolution was passed. This led to the eventual creation of independent Pakistan in 1947. This event is remembered in this park, by the structure of the "Minar-e-Pakistan" (Pakistan Tower/Minaret), which is visited by many people every year. 

Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling

The Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling is the Oscar given to the best achievement in makeup and hair-styling for movies. Usually, only three movies are nominated each year rather than five as in most categories.

In 2012, the category was renamed to Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling.

Before 1981, Special Achievement Oscars were twice awarded to makeup artists for their work on a specific movie:

Starting in 1993, the award is to be shared with hairstylists if hair effects "contribute greatly to the appearance and effect of the characters".

The winners are in bold text with a blue background.


Academy Award for Best Original Score

The Academy Award for Original Score is given to the best body of music in the form of dramatic underscoring that is written specifically for a movie.

Academy Award for Animated Short Film

The Academy Award for Animated Short Film is an award given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It has been part of the Academy Awards every year since the 5th Academy Awards for 1931-1932.

This category was known as "Short Subjects, Cartoons" from 1932 until 1970. It was "Short Subjects, Animated Films" from 1971 to 1973. The present title began with the 1974 awards. Only American movies were nominated for the award until 1952.

The Academy defines "short" as being "not more than 40 minutes, including all credits."

"As Short Subjects (Cartoons)"






Name of award changed to Short Subjects (Animated Films)


Name of award changed to Short Films (Animated Films)
















Unionist Party (Punjab)

The Unionist Party (Punjab) was a political party of the Punjab, British India. It was founded by Sir Fazli Husain, Sir Chotu Ram and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khanin 1923 and basically represented the Punjabi "zamindar" (rural/agrarian)interests. The party was secular in nature and believed in a strong and united Punjabi entity, bringing together Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs and other communities of this province, 

Under the leadership of Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, the party won the general elections of 1936 and formed a coalition government along with the Indian National Congress and Sikh Akali Dal from 1937 onwards. However, in October 1937, the Muslim members in the party were also allowed to merge with the All India Muslim League by an agreement reached between Sir Sikandar and Mr Muhammad Ali Jinnah at Lucknow. This famous agreement was called the Jinnah-Sikandar Pact. 

Wah

Wah is a village in Attock District of North Punjab, Pakistan. It is famous for the old Pleasure Gardens there dating from the Mughal Empire, and for being the birthplace of a former Governor and Chief Minister of the Punjab during British Indian times, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan. 

Wah Cantonment is a large military garrison and township nearby. 

A Good Day to Die Hard

A Good Day to Die Hard (also called Die Hard 5) is an American action thriller movie starring Bruce Willis as John McClane and is the fifth film in the "Die Hard" series. The setting is Russia, in which country McClane's son uncovers a terrorist plot. Mary Elizabeth Winstead plays McClane's daughter Lucy. The releasing date in the United States is February 14, 2013.

Sarus crane

The sarus crane ("Antigone antigone") is a large crane that lives in the Indian subcontinent, southeast Asia and Australia. It does not migrate. It is the tallest bird in the world that can fly. It can grow to 1.8 m (5.9 ft) tall. Its wing can reach 2.4 metres (8 ft) from tip to tip. It can weigh 8.4 kg (18.5 lb). It lives in open wetlands.

It is easy to tell the sarus crane apart from other cranes that live in the same places. The sarus crane is grey in colour with a red head and part of the neck. The sarus crane looks for food in marshes and shallow wetlands. 

It eats roots, tubers, insects, crustaceans, and small vertebrate prey. Like other cranes, the sarus crane forms long-lasting pairs and holds territories. There they perform territorial and courtship displays which include loud trumpeting, leaps and dance-like movements.

It lives in wetlands, and in agricultural lands close to humans. Elsewhere, the species has been eliminated in many parts of its former range.

The main breeding season is during the rainy season, when the pair builds an enormous nest "island", a circular platform of reeds and grasses about two meters in diameter and high enough to stay above the water. 

There are fewer sarus cranes than there were a hundred years ago. The cranes alive today are perhaps 2.5% of the numbers that existed in the 1850s. The stronghold of the species is Rajasthan, India.


Yi Kwang-su

Yi Kwang-su (, 4 March 1892 – 25 October 1950) was a famous Korean independence activist, writer and poet. He was also called Chunwon (), Goju(), which were his nicknames.

Yi was 11 years old when his both parents died from cholera, and he was orphaned. He was moved to Seoul, and through money given by anomymous benefactors, Yi was able to study overseas in Japan in 1906. He studied at Taisey Middle School and Meiji University. During that time, he started writing novels and poetry.

In 1910, Yi returned to Korea and started teaching at Oshan Elementary School (; ). He resigned (left his job) in 1915. In 1916, he studied overseas again in Japan, entering Waseda University, but he dropped out in his third year. In 1918, he went into political exile in Sanghai because of his involvement with Korean independence movements and New Korea Youngman Praty (; ). In 1919, he was a functionary of Provisional Gavement of Korea (; ).

Yi returned to Korea in 1919. He concentrated on writing novels and poems. During the 1930s, he was a reporter and journalist for "Dong ah Il-bo", "Maeil Sinmun" and "The Chosun".

Yi was an agent and a follower of Ahn Chang-ho, and was part of his group of officers, Heungsadan, in 1922. In 1938, he was imprisoned in Seodaemun Prison for one year before being released. Yi retired in 1944. He died in 1950, from tuberculosis and lung disease. He was aged 58.





National Museum of Mongolia

The National Museum of Mongolia has exhibitions about archaeology, history and Mongolian culture. It is in the capital Ulan Bator.

Jeremy Roenick

Jeremy Shaffer "J.R." Roenick (born January 17, 1970 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a retired American professional ice hockey center that played in the National Hockey League. Roenick was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 8th overall pick in the 1988 NHL Draft.

Roenick played in the NHL for five teams, Chicago Blackhawks from 1988 to 1996, Phoenix Coyotes from 1996 to 2001, Philadelphia Flyers from 2001 to 2005, Los Angeles Kings from 2005 to 2006, another stint with the Phoenix Coyotes from 2006 to 2007 and the San Jose Sharks from 2007 to 2009.



Jadoon

They are settled mostly in Swabi and Sarkoy payan of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Horace Rose, an amateur ethnologist and administrator of the British Raj, noted them in 1911 , and partly in Abbottabad and Haripur districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Across the Durand line, some members of the tribe live in Nangarhar and Kunar in Afghanistan. The Jadoons speak Pashto in Swabi and Afghanistan and Hindko in Abbottabad and Haripur .The name Jadoon is sometimes spelled as Gadoon and in one citation as Suddoon. 
The Jadoon are descended from Ashraf also known as jadoon (Gadoon) of the Panni clan of the Ghurghusht Afghan. Panni, Kakar, Naghar and Dawi were four sons of Daney son of Ismail, also known as Ghurghusht. The people of this tribe call themselves jadoons, but Eastern Afghans who change the letter S`h into K`h and “j” into “G” style them Gadoons as the letter J and G are interchangeable in the Pushto language, just as jillani and Gillani are synonyms. The Jadoons were freedom fighters and they showed bravery against their rivals, especially the Sikhs and the British with other prominent Pashtun tribes of the region like the Swati, Tareens Khaji khail and Shilmani. Their leader Sakhi Jan Jadoon had been martyred during the freedom efforts against the Sikhs in the 19th century.Jadoon mainly live in Sarkoy Payan of Gadoon.

Jadoons living in Pakistan are subdivided into Mansoor & saalars subtribes. Subtribe Mansoor is further subdivided into three branches namely, DulatZai, MosaZai and Sheikhs, named after Daulat Khan, Mosa Khan & Hasan Khan, sons of Sheikh Mansoor. DaulatZais are settled in Mangal and Mirpur areas of District Abottabad of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region . Sulemanzai, khizarzai, bozai, sarkhailzai are also sub tribes of panni pakhtoon.

Born in the U.S.A. (song)

"Born in the U.S.A." is a rock music song by Bruce Springsteen. The song appears on Springsteen's 1984 album, "Born in the U.S.A.". The song was recorded in May 1982. It became the biggest hit of his career. "Rolling Stone" ranked the song 275th on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". The song is about the effects of the Vietnam War, but is often interpreted as a patriotic or nationalistic anthem.


Lahore Fort

The Lahore Fort is an ancient fort in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. Its foundations are probably very ancient but the building was largely constructed during the Mughal Empire. It belonged to the Mughal emperors. Along with the Shalimar Gardens Lahore, the Fort is symbolic of the height of Mughal glory in medieval South Asia. The Lahore Fort is also known as Shahi Qila or Royal Fort.

Arunachal Dragon Force

The Arunachal Dragon Force (ADF), is a nationalist liberation movement in the north-eastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh. The ADF wants to create an independent state.

Shalimar Gardens Lahore

The Shalimar Gardens in Lahore are formal gardens laid out in Mughal style, near Lahore city, in Pakistan. 


Brett Salisbury

Brett Jon Salisbury C.S.N.,C-3 (born October 11, 1968 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former college football quarterback at University of Oregon, Brigham Young University, and Wayne State College. He is also the author of "The Transform Diet". Salisbury shows in the new book how Kaposi's sarcoma is confused with HIV diagnoses.

Chris Miller (quarterback)

Christopher James Miller (b August 9, 1965 in Pomona, California) is a former American football player. He was selected by the Atlanta Falcons in the 1st round (13th overall) of the 1987 NFL Draft. 

Concussions stopped him from playing longer. After he had five concussions in 14 months, he left the NFL in 1995. He returned to the NFL in 1999 but a concussion while playing with the Denver Broncos in that year made him decide to retire for good. He was made a member of the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 2005.

He was the quarterbacks coach for the Arizona Cardinals.

Common crane

The common crane ("Grus grus"), also known as the Eurasian crane, is a bird of the family Gruidae, the cranes. It is a medium-sized species, and classified as of least concern. It is the only crane commonly found in Europe apart from the demoiselle crane. 

In Europe, the common crane breeds in boreal and taiga forest and mixed forests, from sea-level to . It also lives on treeless moors, on bogs, or on dwarf heather habitats, usually where small lakes or pools are also found. 

In Sweden, breeders are usually found in small, swampy openings amongst pine forests while, in Germany, marshy wetlands are used. Breeding habitats in Russia are similar, though they can even be found nesting in the steppe and in semi-desert, so long as water is near. Mostly, common cranes are found breeding in wooded swamps, bogs and wetlands. They seem to need quiet, peaceful enivrons with little human interference. They live in low density, from 1 to 5 pairs per .

During winter, the birds move to flooded areas, shallow sheltered bays, and swampy meadows. During the flightless moulting period there is a need for shallow waters or high reed cover for concealment. Later, after the migration period, the birds winter regularly in open country, often on cultivated lands and sometimes also in savanna-like areas, for example on the Iberian Peninsula.

Cranes are back in Britain after 300 years. They were devastated by the draining of the fens 300 years ago. This was a low-lying wetland which was one of their favourite habitats.

Sasamuta-jinja

"Sasamuta" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Bungo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Oita Prefecture. 

St Hugh's College, Oxford

St Hugh's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford, named after St Hugh, Bishop of Lincoln. It is located on a fourteen and a half acre site to the north of the city centre. It was founded in 1886 as a college for women, and its first male students were admitted in its centenary year in 1986. It has a reputation as one of the more attractive colleges because of its extensive, pleasant gardens. The college celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2011. The college has 418 undergraduates and 205 postgraduate students. The Principal is Elish Angiolini.



Yusuhara Hachiman-gū

, also known as Yasuhara Shrine, is a Japanese Shinto shrine in Ōita, Ōita on the island of Kyushu.

Yusuhara was established in the early 9th century.

Yusuhara was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Bungo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Ōita Prefecture. 

In 1916, Yusuhara was listed among the minor Shinto shrines which are nationally important.


Immersion (mathematics)

In differential geometry, an immersion is a function that maps one manifold into another. Immersions are only possible if the manifolds have certain properties.

Rip Torn

Elmore Rual "Rip" Torn (February 6, 1931 – July 9, 2019) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who was known for his role as Chief Zed in "Men in Black" and in "Men in Black II". He won an Emmy Award in 1996 for his role as Artie on the television series "The Larry Sanders Show".

Torn was born on February 6, 1931 in Temple, Texas. He studied at Texas A&M University. Torn was married to Ann Wedgeworth from 1955 until they divorced in 1961. Then he was married to Geraldine Page from 1963 until her death in 1987. He married Amy Wright in 1989. He had six children.

Torn died on July 9, 2019 at his home in Lakeville, Connecticut from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 88.


Anseriformes

The order Anseriformes contains about 150 living species of birds in four families: the Anhimidae (the screamers), Anseranatidae (the Magpie goose), the Anatidae, which includes over 140 species of waterfowl, among them the ducks, geese, and swans and the †Vegavidae, containing the sole genus "Vegavis".

All species in the order are highly adapted to live at the water surface. All are web-footed for good swimming. While most live on water, some live mainly on land.

David Hyde Pierce

David Hyde Pierce (born April 3, 1959) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for his role as Dr. Niles Crane in "Frasier". He won four Emmy Awards for his role as Dr. Niles Crane and also won two Screen Actors Guild Award, a TCA Award, and a Tony Award.

Pierce was born on April 3, 1959 in Saratoga Springs, New York. He studied at Yale University. Pierce is openly gay. He has been married to Brian Hargrove since 2008.


Qardaha

Qardaha () is a small town in northwestern Syria. It is the capital of the Qardaha District. It is the home town of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.

Steve Larmer

Steven Donald Larmer (born June 16, 1961 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in National Hockey League. Larmer was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks with the 120th overall pick in the 1980 NHL Draft.

Larmer played in the NHL for two teams, the Chicago Blackhawks from 1980 to 1993 and the New York Rangers from 1993 to 1995.



Missi Pyle

Andrea Kay "Missi" Pyle (born November 16, 1972) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress and singer. She was in the movies "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", "Big Fish", "A Cinderella Story Once Upon a Song", "Galaxy Quest", "The Artist" and in "". 

Pyle was born on November 16, 1972 in Houston, Texas. She studied at the North Carolina School of the Arts and at Germantown High School. Pyle was married to Antonio Sacre from 2000 until they divorced in 2005. She married Casey Anderson in 2008. 

Yusufzai

The Yusufzai (also spelt 'Yousafzai', or 'Esapzai') are a large Pashtun tribe inhabiting several areas the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. At the present time, a young girl, Malala Yousafzai is the best known member of this tribe globally. 

Coolio

Artis Leon Ivey Jr. (August 1, 1963 – September 28, 2022), known professionally as Coolio, was an American rapper, record producer and actor. 

Coolio is best known for his song ""Gangsta's Paradise"". It was released on the album of the same name. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance, two MTV Video Music Award's for Best Rap Video and for Best Video from a Film and a Billboard Music Award for the song and album. Coolio also sang the theme song "Aw, Here It Goes" for the Nickelodeon television show Kenan & Kel.

Coolio died on September 28, 2022 at his home in Los Angeles, aged 59. The cause of death was from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, heroin, and methamphetamine.

Coolio has released 8 studio albums:

Swatis

The Swatis () are Afghan tribe swati tribe inhabiting the Hazara region in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and Torghar the Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) of Pakistan. Swati are the biggest land owner of district Batagram previously independent territory and district Mansehra and to some extent in Kohistan and Shangla District as well.

Most of the Swatis speak Pashtu but some also speak hindku.


Erin Crocker

Erin Crocker (born March 23, 1981) is a former race car driver. She first raced in the World of Outlaws, and won five races, earning her the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame Outstanding Newcomer Award. In 2004, Crocker became a driver for Ford Motor Company's driver development program. In 2005, she joined Evernham Motorsports, and raced in the ARCA/REMAX Series, before joining NASCAR. At Dover International Speedway, Crocker cracked a rib, and had to sit out some races. In 2006, Crocker drove full time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. One year later, Crocker became involved in a group of lawsuits between Ray Evernham and Jeremy Mayfield, who blamed the team's trouble on Evernham's relationship with a female driver. Crocker later told ESPN that her relationship with Evernham has hurt her racing career. Crocker and Evernham later married. In 2007, Crocker left Evernham Motorsports, and raced in two races for Morgan-Dollar Motorsports, before being replaced by A. J. Allmendinger and Scott Speed. She later became a broadcaster for SPEED.

Ross (name)

Ross is a male given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ raws, ros ]. Ross is a common and meaningful name for boys with a fascinating historical background. Its Scottish roots give it the definition of "promontory" or "headland," stemming from the Gaelic term "ros" meaning the same. Additionally, the name Ross is linked to the color red as it originated from the Old Norse word "roðr," which translates to "red." It can also be a family name for people of Scottish descent. The family name can also be of German origin. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

Ross is the name of many people, such as:



Alexander Ross

Alexander Ross may be:


Alexander Ross (writer)

Alexander Ross (c. 1590–1654) was a Scottish writer. He wrote many books. One of his most important works was complete translation of the Qur'an into English.

He was vicar of St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke in the Isle of Wight from 1634 to his death.


Abdul Rehman Siddiqui

Abdul Rehman Siddiqui (died 1953) was a politician from Bengal but living mostly in Delhi, British India. He was a staunch supporter of the All India Muslim League and in March 1940, was one of the 25 special delegates on the Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League that drafted the famous Lahore Resolution.

Thomas Carlyle

Thomas Carlyle (4 December 1795 - 5 February 1881) was a Scottish writer, essayist, historian and social reformer. He lived most of his later life in London, England, and is sometimes also called the 'Sage of Chelsea' after the neighbourhood where he lived there.

Karakul (hat)

The karakul (also spelt qaraqul at times) is a type of hat made from the wool or fur of the karakul/qaraqul sheep. It is typically worn by men in Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Jinnah cap is a type of Karakul that is named after the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who popularized it. 

Van Johnson

Van Johnson (Charles Van Dell Johnson, August 25, 1916 – December 12, 2008) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, singer, and dancer who is known for his roles in "30 Seconds over Tokyo", "A Guy Named Joe" and in "The Caine Mutiny".

Johnson was born on August 25, 1916 in Newport, Rhode Island. He was married to Eve Lynn Abbott Wynn from 1947 until they divorced in 1968. He has 1 child with Wynn and two step-children. Johnson died on December 12, 2008 from natural causes in his Nyack, New York home, aged 92.


Kamila Shamsie

Kamila Shamsie (born 1973) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in the English language. She was brought up in Karachi, Pakistan, and attended the Karachi Grammar School.

She has a BA degree in Creative Writing from Hamilton College, and an MFA from the MFA Program for Poets and Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, USA.


Fazli Husain

Mian Sir Fazli Husain, KCSI (1877-1936), was a Punjabi politician of British India. He was one of the co-founders of the Unionist Party (Punjab).

Gruiformes

The Gruiformes are an order with many living and extinct bird families, and a widespread geographical diversity. Gruiform means "crane-like".

The Gruiformes evolved early, long before the passerine songbirds which are the most common birds today. The Gruiform radiation in the Palaeocene and Eocene produced a large variety of medium to large-sized birds. Many of them still prefer the watery habitats which were so common early in the Cainozoic era.

Cranes and rails are the core of the Gruiformes. Also often added are a large number of difficult-to-place birds like the huge "Diatryma" and "Phorusrhacos".

St. Luke's Church, Abbottabad

St. Luke's Church, Abbottabad is an Anglican church dedicated to St. Luke, now under the jurisdiction of the Peshawar Diocese of the Church of Pakistan. It was originally founded in the town of Abbottabad, British India, in 1864.
The work on the construction of St Luke's commenced in 1854-55, with initial delays due to slow fund-raising and then a brief interruption due to the Indian War of Independence (or Indian Mutiny) and it was completed and then consecrated by the Bishop of Calcutta in October 1864. Its jurisdiction covered most of the Hazara region including Abbottabad, Haripur, Mansehra and the Galyat hill tracts. The Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad, which was already existing, was also attached to it.

From June 1947 to April 1948, as a result of the Partition disturbances at the time of the Independence of India and Pakistan, St Luke's was shut down. Regular services only resumed in 1951. In 1970, the Church of Pakistan was established via a union of Anglicans, Scottish Presbyterians (Church of Scotland), United Methodists and Lutherans. Thereafter, St Luke's was formally placed under its new Peshawar Diocese. Since then, full-time clerics have been appointed here to minister to the local congregation.

Mohammed Hanif

Mohammed Hanif (born November 1964) is a Pakistani writer and novelist in English, who is best known for his award-winning novel, "A Case of Exploding Mangos" (2008).

Sonia Gandhi

Sonia Gandhi (b. December 9, 1946 is an Indian politician. She is the president of the Indian National Congress. She is the widow of the former Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi. She is the chairperson of the national advisory council. In 1998, she was elected president of the Indian National Congress. 

Gandhi was born Antoio maino in Ovassanjo, Italy.

Church of Pakistan

The Church of Pakistan is a united church in Pakistan, which is part of the Anglican Communion and also a member church of the World Methodist Council. It was established in 1970 with a union of Anglicans, Scottish Presbyterians (Church of Scotland), United Methodists, and Lutherans. 

The Church is divided into eight administrative and organisational units, called dioceses. Each diocese has a number of parishes within its jurisdiction. Each diocese is presided over by a bishop, who sits at the diocesan head office, usually located in the district capital.

St. John's Church (Jhelum)

St. John's Church, is an Anglican church in Jhelum. It is now under the Church of Pakistan, in Jhelum cantonment, Punjab, Pakistan. It is by the bank of the Jhelum River. It was built in 1860 during the British Raj. It is a landmark of the city. 

Andrés Segovia

Andrés Segovia Torres, 1st Marquis of Salobreña (21 February 1893 – 2 June 1987), was a virtuoso Spanish classical guitarist from Linares, Jaén, Andalucia, Spain. He was always known as Andrés Segovia. 

He was one of the best known and most influential classical guitar personalities of the 20th century. He had a big influence on later guitarists, because of his performances and recordings, and his masterclasses. Important guitar works were dedicated to him by composers such as Federico Moreno Torroba.

Segovia led the development of the Spanish guitar as an instrument for classical art music. As well as works dedicated to him by modern composers, he also transcribed classical works originally written for other instruments. He is remembered for his expressive performances: his wide palette of tone, and his distinctive (often instantly recognizable) musical personality in tone, phrasing and style. 

Segovia was especially fond of the compositions of the Brazilian musician Heitor Villa-Lobos. In the 1920s, Segovia met Villa-Lobos and commissioned a guitar study: the composer responded with a set of twelve, each taking a tiny detail or figure from Brazilian chorões (itinerant street musicians). 

Two films were made of his life and work. They are available on DVD called "Andrés Segovia in Portrait". His final RCA LP record (ARL1-1602), "Reveries", was recorded in Madrid in June 1977.
In 1984, Segovia was the subject of a thirteen part series broadcast on National Public Radio, USA, entitled "Segovia!" The series was recorded on location in Spain, France, and the United States.

Segovia (disambiguation)

Segovia is a city in Spain.

Segovia may also refer to:


Faiz Ahmad Faiz

Faiz Ahmad Faiz ( 13 February 1911 – 20 November 1984) NI, was an influential left-wing Urdu poet and intellectual from Pakistan. A notable member of the Progressive Writers' Movement (PWM), Faiz was an avowed Marxist and was a recipient of the Lenin Peace Prize awarded by the Soviet Union in 1962. Despite being repeatedly accused of atheism by the political and military establishment, Faiz's poetry, very popular amongst the masses, suggested his complicated relationship with religion in general and Islam in particular.


St Philip's Church (Hyderabad)

St Philip's Church is a Protestant (Anglican) church in Hyderabad, Sindh, in Pakistan. The church is administered by the Diocese of Hyderabad of the Church of Pakistan.

Sial

Sial can be the upper layer of the Earth's crust

Sial can also be:



Charadriiformes

Charadriiformes is a diverse order of small to medium-large birds. It includes about 350 species. It has members in all parts of the world. Most charadriiformes live near water and eat invertebrates or other small animals. However, some are pelagic (sea birds), some occupy deserts, and a few are found in thick forest.

This is a list of the charadriiform families, presented in taxonomic order.

Gérard Férey

Gérard Férey (14 July 1941 – 19 August 2017) was a French chemist. He was a member of the French Academy of Sciences, teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". He is specialized in the physical chemistry of solids and materials.

In September 2010, he received the CNRS Gold medal, the highest French scientific distinctions.

Gerard Férey was a lecturer at the University of Maine. In 1968, he founded the Department of Chemistry at Le Mans. He obtains his doctoral at the Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University in 1977.

He was a teacher at the University of Maine from 1981 to 1996 and the at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" since that date. From 1988 to 1992 he was deputy director of the Department of Chemistry at the French National Centre for Scientific Research.

He was elected to the French Academy of Sciences the 18th of November 2003.


Karl Mannheim

Karl Mannheim (27 March 1893 - 9 January 1947), or Károly Mannheim in original writing of his name, was a Hungarian-German sociologist and social scientist. He was influential in the first half of the 20th century. He is one of the founding fathers of classicial sociology as well as a founder of the sociology of knowledge.

Mannheim was born in Budapest. He studied there as well as in Berlin, Paris and Heidelberg. In Budapest, at the University of Budapest, he earned a doctorate in philosophy. In 1914 he attended lectures by Georg Simmel. During the brief period of the Hungarian Soviet in 1919 he taught in a teacher-training school thanks to the patronage and his friend and mentor György Lukács.

Mannheim's book "Ideologie und Utopie" (1929) was the most widely debated book by a living sociologist in Germany during the Weimar Republic; the English version "Ideology and Utopia" (1936) has been a standard in American-style international academic sociology, carried by the interest it aroused in the U.S.A. The German and English versions of the book are quite different. This has led to reappraisals of Mannheim started by new texual discoveries and republications. Mannheim's sociological theorizing has been the subject of many book-length studies, evidence of an international interest in his principal themes. Mannheim was not an author of any work he himself considered a finished book, but rather of some fifty major essays and treatises. Most of these were later published in book form.


Neon Indian

Neon Indian is a music group from Denton, Texas. 

The band's first album was "Psychic Chasms". It had many favorable reviews. It was named Best New Music and 14th best album of 2009 by Pitchfork Media. The "Rolling Stone" magazine called Neon Indian one of the hottest new bands of 2010.

On February 11, 2010, Neon Indian was on national television for the first time. They played on NBC's Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> ("This single was written and recorded with Chris Taylor from Grizzly Bear for Mountain Dew's Green Label Sound Series)"

Pipe bomb

A pipe bomb is a kind of explosive bomb. It is made from a pipe filled with an explosive material.

In many countries making or having a pipe bomb is a serious crime.


Treasure Coast

Treasure Coast is a region in the US state of Florida. It is found on the state's Atlantic coast. The name "Treasure Coast" refers to the Spanish Treasure Fleet lost in a 1715 hurricane.

Juggalo

A Juggalo is someone who listens to Psychopathic Records and or likes Insane Clown Posse. They usually drink a drink called Faygo.

The name started at a 1994 concert by Insane Clown Posse. In the song "The Juggla", Violent J called the audience "Juggalos". It became popular. They wrote the songs "What Is a Juggalo?" and "Down with The Clown" for their 1997 album "The Great Milenko".

The Gathering of the Juggalos is a yearly festival put on by Psychopathic Records. It has performances by the entire label as well as many well-known musical groups and underground artists. It was started by Robert Bruce, Insane Clown Posse, and their label in 2000.

Black hat

Black hat may refer to:


Ole Miss Rebels

The Ole Miss Rebels are the sports team for the University of Mississippi. They were first named the "Mississippi Flood". They were renamed the Rebels in 1936.

The school's colors are cardinal red and navy blue. This is meant to be the same as the school colors of Harvard and Yale.

Ole Miss' major athletic rivals are with the Mississippi State Bulldogs (MSU), the LSU Tigers, and the Arkansas Razorbacks.

Canada goose

The Canada goose ("Branta canadensis") is a wild goose with a black head and neck, white patches on the face, and a brownish-gray body. Native to arctic and temperate regions of North America, it is occasionally found in northern Europe, and has been introduced to other temperate regions. There are a number of subspecies.

Stan Wawrinka

Stanislas "Stan" Wawrinka (, ; born 28 March 1985 in Lausanne) is a Swiss professional tennis player. He is also a German citizen because his father is from Germany, though of Czech ancestry (hence their surname). His career-high singles ranking is Number 3 in the world. He reached this rank in January 2014. He considers clay his best surface and his serve and volley his best shot. He won the gold medal for Switzerland in the men's doubles event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, with Roger Federer. They beat the Swedish team Simon Aspelin/Thomas Johansson in the final. They also won the 2008 Swiss Team of the Year Award.

Wawrinka has won three Grand Slam singles events: the Australian Open in 2014, the French Open in 2015, and the US Open in 2016.


Aboriginal title

Aboriginal title is a common law doctrine that the rights of indigenous peoples to own their traditional land persist after sovereignty has been taken by colonial settlers. When granted, it is usually inalienable, meaning it can not be sold, traded or given away. The title may be held by individuals or groups of people, and is inherited indefinitely (without end) by those people's descendants. What proof is required for aboriginal title to be recognised depends on the country's laws that govern the doctrine. It usually must include some evidence of historical inhabitance (living on the land for a long time, usually since before colonial settlement).

The majority of court cases granting aboriginal title have been in Australia, Canada, Malaysia, New Zealand and the United States. Aboriginal title is also referred to as indigenous title, native title and customary title. It is related to the subject of indigenous rights.

Christianity in Pakistan

Christianity is the largest minority religion in Pakistan. The total number of Christians in Pakistan was about 2,800,000 in 2008, or 1.6% of the population. Most Christians in Pakistan are descended from recent converts from Hinduism during British Indian rule in the 19th and early 20th century.

Both Roman Catholics and Protestants (mostly belonging to the Church of Pakistan) are found here. There is an interdenominational 'Pakistan Christian Congress', that helps to smooth out relations between various sects and to take up any issues of mutual concern.

Umuwa, South Australia

Umuwa is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is the administrative centre for the local government of the APY. Umuwa is about north-west of Marla and south west of Alice Springs. There are about 80 people living at Umuwa.

Umuwa was established in 1991. Mail arrives in Umuwa once per week by air mail. Supplies arrive by truck every week. Unlike larger settlements on the APY lands, Umuwa does not have a general store. There was a solar power station built near the town in 2003, but it stopped working in 2011 and will be dismantled. As with most APY settlements, Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Special Broadcasting Service television are available. There is also a health clinic and a police station.


Pelecaniformes

The Pelecaniformes is a order of medium-sized and large waterbirds. They are found worldwide. As traditionally—but wrongly—defined, they include all birds that have feet with four toes which are all webbed.
Most have a bare throat patch (gular patch). Their nostrils have evolved into slits which do not work properly. This causes them to breathe through their mouths. They feed on fish, squid or similar marine life. The young are altricial. They hatch from the egg helpless and naked in most cases. They lack a brood patch.

Natina Reed

Natina Reed (October 28, 1980 – October 27, 2012) was an American R&B singer and occasional actress. She was part of R&B girl group Blaque. She was also known for starring in 2000 movie "Bring It On". Reed was killed on October 27, 2012, one day before her 33rd birthday. She was involved in an accident as she was crossing a street in Atlanta, Georgia.


Procellariiformes

Procellariiformes is an order of seabirds that comprises four families: the albatrosses, petrels and shearwaters, storm petrels, and diving petrels. They have a cosmopolitan distribution across the world's oceans, with the highest diversity being around New Zealand. 
Only a single egg is laid per nesting attempt, and usually only a single nesting attempt is made per year, although the larger albatrosses may only nest once every two years. Both parents participate in incubation and chick rearing. Incubation times are long compared to other birds, as are fledgling periods. Once a chick has fledged there is no further parental care.

Amata, South Australia

Amata is an Aboriginal community in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) Lands in South Australia. It is in the north of the APY, between Umuwa and Nyapari. It is at the base of the Musgrave Ranges, about west of the Stuart Highway. Amata was established under the name of Musgrave Park in 1961. The community was set up to take the pressure off the growth of nearby Pukatja (then known as Ernabella). The goal was to use it to teach the Aborigines in how to work in the livestock industry. A school was opened 7 years later, in 1968.

About 319 people lived at Amata in the 2006 census. It appears to have a growing population, which is not the usual pattern for Aboriginal communities in Australia. From 180 residents in 1981, it has grown steadily past 350 in the 1990s, to 536 in 1996.

Amata is made up of about 60 houses. There is a school, a general store and a health clinic. Supplies are delivered once per week and mail is delivered twice per week. Water comes from bores and is stored in tanks. The school was renovated by the state government from 2003–2005. A swimming pool was opened in June 2007. Amata also has a community centre, a community church, and an airstrip.

There is a police station at Amata, but they are not always there; state police are based in Marla and run patrols to the area. Some night patrols by residents have been done in the past to help policing of the community. In the absence of police, the community is served by 2 community constables. Tony Abbott suggested in 2007 there should be police at Amata permanently. In response, the state government said it would spend A$7.5 million at Amata and Pukatja for new police stations, court facilities and prison cells. It would also provide housing for police officers.

The sale of local artwork is important to the economy of the Amata community. Tjala Arts, founded in 1999, displayed the works of seven Amata artists in Canberra in 2006. In the 2007 State Budget, the South Australian Government announced $350,000 for a new arts centre in Amata.


Pukatja, South Australia

Pukatja is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. Pukatja is in the eastern Musgrave Ranges, west of the Stuart Highway, about south of the Northern Territory border. The town sits at an elevation of 676 metres above sea level. There were 332 people living at Pukatja in the 2006 census. This was an increase from 226 in the 2001 census, but a decrease from 470 in the 1991 census.

The town was established as a Presbyterian mission in 1938, with the name Ernabella. Families gradually came in from traditional nomadic life in the desert to live at the mission. The church gave control over the Ernabella Mission to a local community council on 1 January 1974.

Mail is delivered twice a week by a small plane from Alice Springs. The community store sells food and clothes. The garage has basic parts and diesel fuel. The local clinic has three registered nurses and the doctor is based here, but often away visiting other communities in the APY. The community church belongs to the Uniting Church. There is a basic police station at Pukatja, and is not permanently manned. In July 2007, the state police described the station as "dirty" and not well equipped. In response, the state government said that it would spend A$7.5 million at Pukatja and nearby Amata for new police stations, court facilities, prisoner cells and housing for police officers.

In the 2001 census, Pukatja was second only to nearby Mimili in having the lowest per-person income in South Australia ($174). Most important to the community's income is the local artists' co-operative, Ernabella Arts Inc. Established in 1948, Ernabella Arts is one of the longest continually running aboriginal arts centres in Australia. During the 1950s and 1960s, art and craft using local wool was the typical artistic form made by the Ernabella artists. Batik was introduced after several Ernabella artists travelled to Indonesia in the 1970s. Ernabella artists are now well known for their batik work and printmaking. A large collection of Ernabella art can be seen at the National Museum of Australia.


Anaerobic respiration

Anaerobic respiration is a form of respiration which does not use oxygen. Elements other than oxygen are used for electron transport. Common replacements for oxygen are nitrates, iron, manganese, sulfates, sulfur, fumaric acid and carbon dioxide. "Escherichia coli" uses nitrates and fumaric acid for respiration.

For the electron transport chain to work, there must be a final electron acceptor at the end of the chain. This allows electrons to pass through the chain. In aerobic organisms, this final electron acceptor is oxygen. Molecular oxygen is a highly oxidizing agent and so it is an excellent acceptor. In anaerobes, other less-oxidizing substances such as sulphate (SO), nitrate (NO), sulphur (S) are used. These terminal electron acceptors have smaller reduction potentials than O, so less energy is released per oxidized molecule. Anaerobic respiration is therefore less efficient than aerobic respiration except, of course, when oxygen is scarce or not apparent.

If there is no oxygen present, glycolysis is still able to happen. Pyruvic acid is still produced, but instead of proceeding to the Krebs cycle, lactic acid is formed making small amounts of ATP. An example of this is when exercising: if the body is not able to get enough oxygen to the muscles, they will make lactic acid. This is what makes the muscles sore. 

If oxygen is not used at all, the process is called fermentation. Examples of organisms using fermentation are lactic acid bacteria, and yeast. Yeast is a fungi, not bacteria.

The equation for anaerobic respiration in yeast and bacteria:


The equation for anaerobic respiration in animals is:
After producing lactic acid more oxygen then in normal respiration is required to break it down (oxygen debt).

Mimili, South Australia

Mimili is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located in the Everard Ranges, about west of the Stuart Highway. According to the local Aṉangu, the place has always been called Mimili. The current settlement was built around a cattle station called Everard Park, which was built by White farmers in the 1920s. The station's land was given back to the local Aborigines by the South Australian government in 1972.

There were 283 people living at Mimili in the 2006 census. The residents are mainly Aṉangu people who speak either Pitjantjatjara or Yankunytjatjara as their first language. The 2001 census data showed that Mimili had the lowest average weekly income per person (AU$172 compared with the South Australian average of AU$345). However, it also had one of the state's highest proportions of residents under the age of 15 (32.6%); and the state's highest ratio of single-parent families (36.0% compared with a statewide average of 15.6%).

Mimili has an airstrip, and a small health facility. There is also a general store and a craft facility where art is made and displayed. A diesel generator supplies electricity to the community. Water is stored in tanks and comes from two bores. A police station was built in 2011, and state police are stationed there permanently. The local school has about 60 children. Attendance at the school benefited from the construction of a swimming pool, opened in October 2006.


Indulkana

Indulkana (also known as Iwantja) is an Aboriginal community in South Australia. It is on the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. It is about west of the Stuart Highway and south of Alice Springs. The town was established in 1968.

There were 315 people living at Indulkana in the 2006 census. Most of the people belong to the Yankunytjatjara nation. The 2001 census showed that Indulkana had South Australia's highest proportion residents under the age of 15 (35.0%). 

Indulkana has a local community store that also supplies diesel fuel. There is an unsealed airstrip located close to the town. There is also a school, established in 1971. Indulkana does not have a permanent police presence, though it has a police station. State police are based at Marla and run patrols to the area. In the absence of police, the town is served by two constables from the community. The town also has a local artists' co-operative, Iwantja Arts. It has a gallery for sale of art work from across the APY.


Morgan's canon

Morgan's canon is a rule relating to animal behaviour, which states that it should be explained as simply as possible. It is named after British psychologist C. Lloyd Morgan. His idea was that people should only consider behaviour as, for example, rational, purposive or affectionate, if there is no other explanation possible.

Morgan saw that much insight and apparent problem-solving behaviour could be described using trial and error learning. A famous example is the skilful way in which Morgan's terrier Tony opened the garden gate, easily taken by someone seeing the final behaviour as an insightful act. Morgan, however, had watched and recorded the series of approximations by which the dog had gradually learned the response, and could demonstrate that no insight was required to explain it.

Morgan's Canon is a forerunner of behaviourism.


Kaltjiti

Kaltjiti (also previously known as Fregon) is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located about south of the Musgrave Ranges and is from the Stuart Highway. The town sits on Officer Creek, which flows from Mount Woodroffe. The creek is usually a dry sandy bed and only flows at times of very high rainfall. There are about 350 people living at Kaltjiti.

The first recording by white Australians of a community at Kaltjiti was by explorer Ernest Giles. He wrote that he found 200 male Aborigines there in September 1873, during his second trip into the South Australian desert. The meeting was violent, as Giles and his travellers interrupted a sacred ceremony. The first European settlement near Kaltjiti was set up in 1934. It was established by a dogger (dingo hunter), who was given the rights to the nearby bore (called Shirley Well) by the government as a reward for all the dingos he had killed. By the late 1950s, Aboriginal families were camped at Shirley Well permanently. In 1960, the station at Ernabella was expanded to include Shirley Well.

A outstation, called Fregon, was built with government help by 1961, as a base for Aboriginal stockmen and their families. It was built south of Shirley Well on Officer Creek. The aim of the settlement was to provide training in working with livestock and for the families to have access to traditional country in the sandhills to the west. Fregon was administered through Ernabella and it was not until 1968 that it had its own airstrip. It began with a school, a small health clinic, a workshop, a small store and houses for the staff.

Mail is delivered to Kaltjiti twice a week. Supplies are delivered every two weeks. Water is provided from four bores and placed in storage tanks for pumping to the community. Electricity comes from a diesel generator. Kaltjiti does not have a permanent police presence. State police are based at Marla and run patrols to the area.


Rupert Brooke

Rupert Chawner Brooke (3 August 1887 – 23 April 1915) was an English poet. He is known for his war sonnets written during the First World War. His best known work is "The Soldier". Irish poet W. B. Yeats described him as "the handsomest young man in England".

Watarru

Watarru is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. Watarru is at the base of Mount Lindsay, about south-west of Alice Springs. It is surrounded by the Great Victoria Desert, and is one of the most remote settlements in Australia. It can be accessed by road from the Stuart Highway over roughly dirt road. 

The nearest neighbouring settlement is Pipalyatjara, about to the northeast. There were 56 people living at Watarru in the 2001 census, with 82.1% of those being Indigenous Australians. The village was established as a small family outstation, and began to grow during the 1990s.

The community owns and manages the Watarru Indigenous Protected Area, which surrounds the town for more than . 


Pipalyatjara, South Australia

Pipalyatjara is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south-west of Alice Springs and about from the place where the borders of South Australia, Western Australia and the Northern Territory meet (known as the Surveyor-General's Corner). The settlement is surrounded by the Tomkinson Ranges. It was previously known as Mount Davies by most Australians, after the highest local peak. The settlement of Kalka is about away by road.

There were 123 people living at Pipalyatjara in the 2006 census. The residents are mainly indigenous people who speak Pitjantjatjara as their first language.

There is a small airstrip at Pipalyatjara. Mail is delivered once per week by air. There is also a small health facility staffed by nurses; a doctor visits from Kaltjiti. Electricity comes from a diesel generator. Water comes from two bores and placed in storage tanks for pumping to the community. There is a school in Pipalyatjara, which also serves nearby Kalka.


Kalka, South Australia

Kalka is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is by road from Pipalyatjara, at the base of the Tomkinson Ranges. There were 114 people living at Kalka in 2006.

Kalka was originally planned as a service centre for surrounding outstations, but by the early 1990s it had developed into a small permanent community. The town has basic facilities. A truck brings food and supplies to the community every two weeks. There is no school or health clinic at Kalka; both of these services are supplied at nearby Pipalyatjara. There is an unsealed airstrip near to the town.


Yunyarinyi, South Australia

Yunyarinyi is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south of the border with the Northern Territory, and south of Alice Springs. It is 40 km from the larger community of Pukatja, where most of the services are located.

Yunyarinyi started as a cattle station called Kenmore Park. It officially became an indigenous community when the land rights were granted in 1981. Today, Yunyarinyi has a school, a community centre with a shared kitchen, a community office and a local garage (repair shop). The number of people living at Yunyarinyi is about 40 to 45; many of them are children.


Roland Guillon

Roland Guillon (born 1942) is a French sociologist, known for his work in the areas of employment and capital. He is also known for his innovative approach to jazz.

He is a research engineer at the centre of economics and ethics of environment and development of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines. As a specialist in employment and training, he performed several missions in West Africa.

Spanish Benevolent Society

The Spanish Benevolent Society (also known as Centro Español-La Nacional) is a private social club in New York City founded in 1868 to serve the Spanish-American community in Manhattan. It is located at 239 West 14th Street and is in the heart of the now disappeared Little Spain.

Many prominent Spanish artists, expatriates, immigrants, and personalities have lived at the society as resident artists during the more than 150 years of its existence, like Picasso, Dalí, Buñuel, or Federico García Lorca. In 2010 Spanish American filmmaker and writer Artur Balder, who lived in the building as resident artist for more than one year, created the documentary Little Spain, displaying for first time the untold history of this society. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century.


Little Spain

Little Spain was a Spanish American neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan during 20th century.

"Little Spain" was 14th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. A very different slice of Chelsea existed on a stretch of 14th Street often referred to by residents as "Calle Catorce," or "Little Spain". The Church of Our Lady of Guadelupe (No. 299) was founded in 1902, when Spaniards started to settle in the area. Although the Spanish business have given way to such nightclubs as Nell's and Oh Johnny on the block between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, the Spanish food and gift emporium known as Casa Moneo has been at 210 West 14th since 1929. In 2010 the documentary Little Spain, directed and written by , was filmed in New York City. The documentary pulled together for first time an archive that reveals the untold history of the Spanish-American presence in Manhattan. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century.

Other important commerces and Spanish business of Little Spain were restaurants like La Bilbaína, Trocadero Valencia, Bar Coruña, Little Spain Bar, Café Madrid, Mesón Flamenco, or , established 1927, and still today open at 823 Greenwich St. The Iberia was a famous Spanish dress shop. 

The heart of the Spanish American community in that area were the two landmarks the Spanish Benevolent Society and the Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe, founded at the turn of the 19th century, being the first parish in Manhattan with mass in Latin and Spanish.


Usa Jingū

, also known as , is a Japanese Shinto shrine in the city of Usa in Ōita Prefecture on the island of Kyushu. 

The shrine was founded in the Wadō era (708-714). 

A Buddhist temple called "Miroku-ji" was built next to it in 779, making it what is believed to be the first shrine-temple ("jingū-ji") ever. The shrine-temple complex, called , lasted until 1868.

"Usa" first appears in the chronicles of Imperial history during the reign of Empress Shōtoku.

"Usa jingū" was designated as the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") for the old Buzen Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Oita and Fukuoka Prefectures.
From 1871 through 1946, Usa was officially listed among the first rank of government supported shrines.

"Usa" is today the center of over 40,000 branch Hachiman shrines. In Shinto belief, the many Hachiman shrines have extended the reach of the "kami" at Usa.


Apodiformes

Apodiformes is an order of birds with long narrow wings and weak feet. It is made up of the swifts and the hummingbirds. With nearly 450 species identified to date, they are the most diverse order of birds after the passerines. 

C. Lloyd Morgan

Conwy Lloyd Morgan, FRS, usually known as Lloyd Morgan, (6 February 1852 – 6 March 1936) was a British ethologist and psychologist. He is best remembered for the experimental approach to animal psychology now known as 'Morgan's canon', which is a specialised form of Occam's razor. His idea played a role in the later growth of behaviourism in psychology.

Lloyd Morgan was born in London and studied at the Royal School of Mines and under T.H. Huxley. He taught in Cape Town, but in 1884 joined the staff of University College, Bristol as Professor of Geology and Zoology. He quickly became interested in the field he called 'mental evolution', the borderland between intelligence and instinct. In 1901 he became the college's first Professor of Psychology and Education.

In 1909 Lloyd Morgan became the first Vice-Chancellor of Bristol University. He held the office for a year, then was Professor of Psychology and Ethics until his retirement in 1919.

Under Lloyd's canon, animal behaviour should be explained in the simplest possible way. For example, an animal should be considered conscious only if there is no other explanation for its behaviour. Where behaviour seems to imply higher mental processes, it might be explained by trial and error learning. An example is the skilful way in which his terrier Tony opened the garden gate, easily misunderstood as an insightful act by someone seeing the final behaviour. Lloyd Morgan, however, had watched and recorded the series of approximations by which the dog had gradually learned the response, and could demonstrate that no insight was required to explain it.

W.H. Thorpe commented as follows:

This kind of study throws light not only on inherited behaviour but on the maturation of sense organs and the central nervous system. Behaviour changes in most animals during the first hours and days of life. The causes of those changes in behaviour may be developmental maturation, or learning, or some combination of the two. This is a primary area of research in ethology.


Richard Crenna

Richard Donald Crenna (November 30, 1926 – January 17, 2003) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, movie director and producer who is known for his roles in "The Sand Pebbles", "Wait Until Dark", "Body Heat", the first three "Rambo" movies, "Hot Shots! Part Deux", and "The Flamingo Kid". He is also known for his television role as Luke McCoy in "The Real McCoys". He had won an Emmy Award in 1985.

Crenna was born on November 30, 1926 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Virgil Junior High School, then at Belmont High School, and then at the University of Southern California. He was married to Penni Sweeney from 1959 until his death. Crenna died on January 17, 2003 in Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer and heart failure, aged 76.


Les Stroud

Les Stroud (born October 20, 1961) is a Canadian filmmaker, musician, writer, television actor, host, television director and producer, and survival expert who is known for his survival show "Survivorman". He was raised in Toronto, Ontario. He studied at Mimico High School and at Fanshawe College. Stroud was married to Susan Jamison from 1994 until they divorced in 2008. They had two children.


Ben Gluck

Benjamin Gluck (also known as Ben Gluck) is an American director, screenwriter, and storyboard artist. He was a director at Disney Animation.

Benjamin was born in St. Louis, Missouri He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in Film and Animation from California Institute of the Arts. 

Gluck's student short film name "Man's Best Friend was awarded the esteemed Walter Lantz Award." The film premiered worldwide in heavy rotation on MTV's network, and received many top awards in the US and International film circuits and toured worldwide in Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Animation Festival.

Gluck began his career at DreamWorks Feature Animation where he was recruited by Oscar-winning director Brenda Chapman, as the studios very first story trainee on "The Prince of Egypt". Shortly after, Gluck was recruited by Walt Disney Feature Animation, where he was mentored by Tony Award winner Roger Allers, and he worked for over a decade as a key member of the feature animation story team. Gluck served as the first Story Head at Disney-Toon Studios, tasked with elevating sequels to feature film quality, and he directed the Annie Award winning film "Brother Bear 2", this film is Disney's second sequel to have a higher rating on Rotten Tomatoes than its predecessor. Gluck was Head of Story on the Tim Burton animated feature film, "9." Additionally, Gluck has developed feature animation projects for George Lucas, and for Charles Roven. Currently, Ben is Head of Story, working with the Schultz family, on the brand new Peanuts holiday specials for Apple TV +.

Ryan Reynolds

Ryan Rodney Reynolds (born October 23, 1976) is a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles as Wade Wilson/Deadpool in "Deadpool" and "Deadpool 2" and as Michael Bryce in "The Hitman's Bodyguard". He is also known for his roles in "National Lampoon's Van Wilder," "Just Friends", "Definitely, Maybe", "The Proposal", "The Change-Up", "Safe House", and "Free Guy".

Reynolds starred as Detective Pikachu in the 2019 movie "".
Reynolds also played Deadpool in Screen Junkies’s Honest Trailers series. 

Reynolds was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He studied at Kitsilano Secondary School and at Kwantlen Polytechnic University. Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson from 2008 to 2011. He married Blake Lively in 2012 and shares three daughters with her. In September 2022, it was announced that the couple are expecting their fourth child.

Reynolds received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2016.

James Franco

James Edward Franco (born April 19, 1978) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director. His movie roles included "127 Hours", "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", "Your Highness", "Spider-Man", "Spider-Man 2", "Spider-Man 3" (alongside Tobey Maguire), "Oz the Great and Powerful", "This Is the End", "The Interview", "The Little Prince", "Sausage Party", "Why Him?" and "The Disaster Artist". He won a Golden Globe Award in 2001.

Franco was born in Palo Alto, California. He studied at the Palo Alto High School and at University of California, Los Angeles.


Cheshire, Connecticut

Chesire is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut. The population was 28,733 in 2020. It is the center of population for the state of Connecticut. In 2009, Chesire was ranked #72 in "Money" magazine's "100 Best Places to Live". In 2011, Chesire was ranked #73 in "Money"s "100 Best Places to Live".

Great hornbill

The great hornbill ("Buceros bicornis") also known as great Indian hornbill or great pied hornbill, is one of the larger members of the hornbill family. 

Great hornbills are found in the forests of Nepal, India, the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra, Indonesia. Their impressive size and colour have made them important in many tribal cultures and rituals. The great hornbill is long-lived, living for nearly 50 years in captivity. They are predominantly frugivorous although they are opportunists and will prey on small mammals, reptiles and birds.

New Haven County, Connecticut

New Haven County is a county in the US state of Connecticut. It is in the south central part of the state. The population was 864,835 in 2020. This made New Haven County the third most populated county in Connecticut. There are 1,340 people per square mile. Two of the state's largest cities, New Haven and Waterbury, are part of New Haven County.

Starting in 1960, county governments were no longer active. Until 1960, the city of New Haven was the county seat. In Connecticut, towns are responsible for all local government activities. This includes, fire and rescue, snow removal and schools. The county Sheriff plan was removed by voters. This was replaced by State Judicial Marshals in 2000. Because of this, the state judicial plan in New Haven County is divided into three districts: New Haven, Ansonia-Milford and Waterbury.






Dutch Empire

The Dutch Empire owned several territories that were in control by the Dutch Republic (also known as the United Provinces). The Dutch had created colonial empires. These were similar to Portugal and Spain. The Dutch Empire used their skills in shipping and trade with other empires. However, they were trying to be independent from Spain. With the British, the Dutch first built up colonies. The colonies were based on state capitalist corporate colonialism. This was done by the Dutch East and West India companies. The Dutch explored and went on voyages. Some of these were led by Willem Barents, Henry Hudson and Abel Tasman. These men found new places for Europeans.

The Dutch naval power were getting bigger. The Netherlands became the dominated global commerce during the second half of the 17th century. This was called the Dutch Golden Age. The Netherlands lost many colonials and its global power to the British. This happened when the metropole fell to French armies during the Revolutionary Wars. The rest of the Dutch Empire (such as the Dutch East Indies) were in control of the Dutch until the decline of European imperialism following World War II.

Today, the Netherlands are part of a federacy called the Kingdom of the Netherlands. These countries, the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.


South Windham, Connecticut

South Windham is a census-designated place in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,383 people living in South Windham in 2020.

Eastford, Connecticut

Eastford is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,649 people living in Eastford in 2020.


Hampton, Connecticut

Hampton is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,728 people living in Hampton in 2020.


Killingly, Connecticut

Killingly is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 17,752 people living in Killingly in 2020.


Danielson, Connecticut

Danielson is a borough in the town of Killingly. It is part of Windham County, Connecticut. There were 4,155 people living in Danielson in 2020.

Plainfield, Connecticut

Plainfield is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 14,973 people living in Plainfield in 2020.


Central Village, Connecticut

Central Village is a historic district in the Central Village area of Plainfield, Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991.

David Bailie

David Bailie (4 December 1937 – 5 March 2021) was a South African-born British movie, television, stage, voice actor, and photographer who was known for his role as Cotton in "", "", and in "".

Bailie was born in 1937 in Springs, Gauteng, South Africa. He married Egidija Bailie in 2002. Bailie died on 5 March 2021, aged 83.


Claudio Castagnoli

Claudio Castagnoli (born December 27, 1980), is a Swiss professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is also known for his time working for the WWE. He wrestled there using the ring name Antonio Cesaro and Cesaro. He previously wrestled for many different independent promotions. These include Chikara, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, Ring of Honor and Pro Wrestling Noah.

While in Ring of Honor, he was a two-time ROH World Champion and a two-time ROH World Tag Team Champion with tag team partner Chris Hero. Their tag team name was the Kings of Wrestling. They were champions for 364 days. That is the longest time anyone has been tag champions in the company's history. He was also a member of the team Swiss Money Holding, with Ares. In tag team competition, he won the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas twice, the JCW Tag Team Championship once, and the CZW World Tag Team Championship twice.

In the WWE, he was a one-time WWE United States Champion, five-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champion, two-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champion and was the winner of the André the Giant Memorial Trophy battle royal at WrestleMania XXX.















Sumiyoshi Shrine (Fukuoka)

"Sumiyoshi" was one of the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of the old Chikuzen Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Fukuoka Prefecture. The enshrined "kami" are:

Coraciiformes

The Coraciiformes are a group of usually colorful "near passerine" birds. They include the kingfishers, the Hoopoe, the bee-eaters, the rollers, and the hornbills. 

They generally have syndactyly, with three forward-pointing toes (and toes 3 & 4 fused at their base), though in many kingfishers one of these is missing.

This is largely an Old World order, with the representation in the New World limited to the dozen or so species of todies and motmots, and a few of the more than 90 species of kingfishers. 

Kanpi

Kaṉpi (sometimes spelled Kanypi) is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located about south of the Northern Territory border at the base of the Mann Ranges. The nearby town of Nyapaṟi is to the east.

Kaṉpi is part of the Murputja Homelands, which also includes the family outstations Angatja and Umpukulu. The residents are mostly Pitjantjatjara people with their traditional country nearby. The settlement started as an outstation for the Baker family, who moved here from other parts on the APY lands to be closer to the country of their ancestors.

Because both Kaṉpi and nearby Nyapaṟi are small communities, there are only basic services and most of them are shared between the two towns. In Kaṉpi there is a work shop, a garage, a day care centre and an art centre. It also has a community store, built in 1996, which has a pump for petrol. Food and supplies are delivered once every two weeks. The store services both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi, as well as nearby outstations. Local health services are based at the clinic in Nyapaṟi. Both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi had their own schools from 1987, but these joined together in 1993. The new school, Murputja Education Centre, was built between the two communities, east of Kaṉpi and 6 km west of Nyapaṟi.


James Daly

James Firman Daly (October 23, 1918 - July 3, 1978) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who is known for his role as Paul Lochner in "Medical Center". He won an Emmy Award in 1966.

Daly was born on October 23, 1918 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. He studied at Cornell College. He was married to Hope Newall from 1942 until they divorced in 1965. They had 4 children, including Tim Daly and Tyne Daly. Daly died on July 3, 1978 in Nyack, New York from heart failure, aged 59.

Tim Daly

James Timothy "Tim" Daly (born March 1, 1956) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, television and movie director and producer who is known for his roles in "Wings" and in "".

Daly was born in New York City, New York to James Daly and to Hope Newell. He studied at The Putney School, at Waldorf School, and at Bennington College. Daly was married to Amy Van Nostrand from 1982 until they divorced in 2010. They had two children. He has been dating actress Téa Leoni since December 2014.

His sister is actress Tyne Daly.


Nyapari

Nyapaṟi is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south of the Northern Territory border at the base of the Mann Ranges. The nearby community of Kaṉpi is to the west.

There are about 85 people living there. The residents are mostly Pitjantjatjara people. Nyapaṟi began as a family outstation by the Stevens family, who moved here to look after the country of their ancestors. Today it is a fully-established community of extended families. It serves as an administration centre for nearby outstations Ulkiya and Tankannu.

Because both Nyapaṟi and nearby Kaṉpi are small communities, there are only basic services and most of them are shared between the two towns. In Nyapaṟi, there is an art centre and a health clinic. Supplies are delivered once every two weeks, and mail is delivered once per week. The community store is in Kaṉpi. Both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi had their own schools from 1987, but these joined together in 1993. The new school, Murputja Education Centre, was built between the two communities, east of Nyapaṟi and 9 km west of Kaṉpi.

House Husbands

House Husbands is an Australian television show that began in 2012 on Channel 9. It starts Gary Sweet, Rhys Muldoon, Gyton Grantley and Firass Dirani as fathers who stay at home to look after their children, while their wives go to work. The wives are played by Julia Morris, Anna McGahan and Natalie Saleeba.

The series was created by Ellie Beaumont and Drew Proffitt, produced by Sue Seeary and Drew Proffitt and directed by Geoff Bennett and Shirley Barrett. Channel 9's Jo Rooney and Andy Ryan plus Playmaker's David Maher and David Taylor are executive producers.

It has been announced that the show would be back for a second season, due to high ratings.

Orlando Jordan

Orlando Jordan (born April 21, 1974) is an American professional wrestler who is currently working in the independent circuit.

Jordan has worked for WWE from 2003 to 2006. During his time in WWE, he won the WWE United States Championship one time when he defeated John Cena on the March 3, 2005 edition of SmackDown! with help from John "Bradshaw" Layfield. He was fired from the WWE on May 26, 2006 because he was travelling with someone that was not authorized by WWE to travel with him.

He worked in the independent circuit from 2006 to 2010 before debuting for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on January 4, 2010. During his time in TNA, he formed a tag team with Eric Young. Jordan was released from his TNA contract on July 11, 2011.

Jordan is openly bisexual.


Bina Shah

Bina Shah is a Pakistani journalist and writer in English, from Karachi, Pakistan.

She obtained a B.A. in Psychology from Wellesley College, USA and a M.Ed in Educational Technology from the Harvard Graduate School of Education, USA.

Shah is an op-ed columnist for the "Dawn" and "Express Tribune" newspapers in Pakistan. She has contributed features and book reviews for foreign papers like "The Guardian", "The Independent", and the "International Herald Tribune".

She is the author of six books, mostly of fiction.

Nadeem Aslam

Nadeem Aslam born 1966, Gujranwala, Pakistan, is a prize-winning British-Pakistani novelist.

Aslam was born in Gujranwala, Pakistan. He moved to the United Kingdom with his family when he was 14.

His debut novel, "Season of the Rainbirds" (1993), about the culture of rural Pakistan, won the Betty Trask and the Author's Club First Novel Award.

Atlantis: The Lost Empire

Atlantis: The Lost Empire is a 2001 American animated movie made by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 40th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and the first science fiction movie for Disney. It follows a group of mercenaries on a quest to find the lost city of Atlantis. Released on June 15, 2001, it did not make much money as the company wanted. Disney stopped making both a spin-off television series and an underwater attraction at its Disneyland theme park.

This movie has a sequel called "".

Home on the Range (2004 movie)

Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated western musical comedy movie. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 2, 2004. It is the 44th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series named after the popular country song of the same name. The movie follows a trio of dairy cows attempting to save the farm from an infamous bounty hunter.


Additional voices were provided by Charlie Adler, Tawatha Agee, Carlos Alazraqui, Mike Bell, Bob Bergen, Timothy Robert Blevins, Bob Bouchard, Nancy Cartwright, Cathy Cavadini, Cam Clarke, Jim Cummings, Tami Tappan Damiano, J.D. Daniels, Jennifer Darling, Baron Davis, Grey DeLisle, Debi Derryberry, Randy Erwin, Troy Evans, Bill Farmer, Linda Griffin, Bill Hader, Jennifer Hale, Pam Hamill, Jess Harnell, Dana Hill, Roger Jackson, Leslie Jordan, Linda Kerns, Maurice LaMarche, Kevin Ligon, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Anndi McAfee, Edie McClurg, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Ryan O'Donohue, Jordan Orr, Wilbur Pauley, Rob Paulsen, Malachi Pearson, Bradley Pierce, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Evan Sabara, Garnett Sailor, Peter Samuel, John Sanford, Zack Shada, Peter Siragusa, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Alan Tudyk, Jim Ward, Joe Whyte, James Woods, Alan Young, Bruce A. Young, John Goodman and Roger Yuan.

Chicken Little (2005 movie)

Chicken Little is a 2005 American animated science fiction comedy movie based on the fable "Henny Penny". The movie was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 45th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is the second time Disney made a movie about Chicken Little. The first was a 1943 cartoon made for propaganda in World War II.


Additional voices were provided by Brad Abrell, Tom Amundsen, Diedrich Bader, Charles Bartlett, Steve Bencich, Greg Berg, Julianne Buescher, Cathy Cavadini, David Cowgill, Terri Douglas, Chris Edgerly, Amanda Fein, Caitlin Fein, Pat Fraley, Eddie Frierson, Brad Garrett, Jackie Gonneau, Archie Hahn, Jess Harnell, Barbara Harris, Jason Harris, Brittney Lee Harvey, Brian Herskowitz, Mandy Kaplan, Marsha Kramer, Nathan Kress, Maurice LaMarche, Lex Lang, Anne Lockhart, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Connor Matheus, Mickie McGowan, Scott Menville, Rene Mujica, Jonathan Nichols-Navarro, Paul Pape, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Aaron Spann, Steve Susskind, Pepper Sweeney and Clive Swift.

Bolt (2008 movie)

Bolt is a 2009 American computer-animated action-adventure comedy-drama movie, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 48th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The movie is about a small white pet dog who lives on the set of a television series and thinks that he has super powers. When he believes that his human owner, Penny has been kidnapped, he goes on a cross-country journey to "rescue" her. Bolt is aided by a cynical cat named "Mittens" (who was abandoned by her human owner) and "Rhino" a hampster. Bolt finds Penny and actually rescues her from a accidental TV Studio fire; Penny; Bolt {who have quit show business] , Mittens and Rhino live with Penny's Mother in the country. As for the TV show it continues with a different "Penny" {explained as Plastic Surgery following a life threatening accident) being rescuded by a new "Bolt" from the Evil Dr Calico; as Penny and Bolt escape outside a hospital window they are both abducted by flying saucers Aliens! This cliffhanger ending is so ridiculious that even Bolt fanatic "Rhino" refuses to beleive it!


"Bolt" was nominated for the following awards:

Dokkyo Saitama High School

Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School is a private co-ed school. It consists of junior and senior high school students. The high school is in Koshigaya City, Saitama, Japan. Dokkyo Saitama High School was founded in 1982. About half of the students enter at the beginning of junior high school and the other half enter at the beginning of senior high school. Their classes are separate at the freshmen and junior grades. Then, students study in the same class during their senior year. About 15% of students that graduate from Dokkyo Saitama High School enter Dokkyo University to complete their education. Dokkyo has been a popular top private school in Saitama due to their small class sizes, more individual teaching and their international exchange program with other schools around the world.

In 1881, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai (German Education Association) was established for people to study German culture and sciences to help with Japan's modernization into a developed country. In association, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai Gakko (German Education Association School) was founded in 1883. It was the first junior high school in Japan to teach German.

In 1947, after World War II, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai was renamed Dokkyo Gakuen(Dokkyo Educational Institution) and both Dokkyo junior and senior high schools were established in Mejiro in Tokyo.

In 1980, Dokkyo Saitama High School was established in Koshigaya City inSaitama, and in 2000 Dokkyo Saitama Junior High School was also established at the same campus. At that time, more than 4,200 students took the entrance exam.

In 2005, Dokkyo Saitama High School celebrated their 25th anniversary.

Dokkyo Saitama High School mission statement is Reclamation, Creation, Love and Faith.

Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School has a long tradition of providing educating to students that helps develop character using physical, moral and intellectual training. The school’s curriculum is made up of three basic goals to teach and encourage students to:




Because of the popular curriculum, high expectations and teaching styles of Dokkyo Saitama Junior & High School, getting into the High School can be difficult for the average student. The negative side to this is that after graduating from Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School it is difficult to get accepted into the top Japan colleges. 

The traditional event that takes place every year is the Ameisai (school festival), the athletic meet, where the student of the executive committee plays a key role and administration is accomplished. In Ameisai, a bell is rung in the early morning festival to be carried out after opening it to the public of the second day (general secrecy) and is carried out grandly. The athletic meet is the large part of the event where each student’s creativity and student participation come into play. These events consist of band and team dance, relay races, group competition (such as making unique headgear to use while competing in these relay races and dances). While the club activities opposition game is carried out, there is a tradition such as wearing a class T-shirt on the occasion of a competition.
In addition, Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School, Dokkyo Junior High School of Tokyo, and Dokkyo University all share a tradition in their historic background and founders, but have completely different traditions of their own.

Dokkyo Saitama High School is on a lot approximately . The grounds consists of a gym, baseball field, combined use, soccer and rugby field, track-and-field, 7 tennis courts, outdoor Olympic size swimming pool (25-metre, 9 course). In 2005 (the 25th anniversary commemorative project), the school added a second gym that is indoor and included two basketball courts two in conjunction with the first gym. There are fully equipped locker rooms in the classroom for the senior high school students, but the junior high school tower does not have locker rooms. There are 15 sport clubs and 8 artistic clubs.

Dokkyo Saitama High School mission statement is "Reclamation, Creation, Love and Faith".

School has 4 active international exchange programs.

Dokkyo Saitama High School is 20 minutes away from Sengendai Train Station (Tobu Isesaki Line) by walking. There is a school bus from the station to the school that takes only 5 minutes.

Imanpa, Northern Territory

Imaṉpa is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is north of the Lasseter Highway, the main road between the Stuart Highway and Uluṟu. Imanpa lies 160 km east of Uluru and 200 km south west of Alice Springs. There were 149 people living at Imaṉpa in the 2006 census. The town was first set up in 1978. The land was cut out from the property of the Mount Ebenezer cattle station, and served as a home for the station's stockmen and their families.

The community is on the traditional country of southern Luritja and northern Yankunytjatjara people. These people are together called Matutjara (or Matuntara). Most of the people in the community are descended from this group. They speak a dialect that is a mix of the Yankunytjatjara and Luritja languages. Also living there are families belonging to the Pitjantjatjara, Warlpiri and Arrernte nations, and a group of non-indigenous residents who work in the community.

The area has two schools. The secondary school is part of Nyangatjatjara College based in Yulara.

Ashfaq Ahmad

Ashfaq Ahmed (1925 –2004) was a famous Pakistani writer, playwright and intellectual. He was regarded by many as among the finest Urdu "Afsana" (short-story) writers.

Gujranwala

Gujranwala is a city in Pakistan. It is the capital of the Gujranwala District in Punjab.

Alain Chevrier

Alain Guy Chevrier (born April 23, 1961 in Cornwall, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Chevrier played a total of 8 seasons in the NHL. He played for the New Jersey Devils for 3 seasons, Winnipeg Jets for 1 season, Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons, Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season and the Detroit Red Wings for 1 season.

Chevrier also play college hockey with the Miami University RedHawks and was the first RedHawk to play in the NHL.

Lion's mane jellyfish

Lion's mane jellyfish ("Cyanea capillata"), also known as "Hair Jelly" and "Sea Blubber", are a type of jellyfish which are mostly found in north Atlantic and north Pacific waters. The stings of these jellyfish are painful but not fatal. The species is found near the coast of the U.S. shore line.

The lion's mane jellyfish can grow up to 2 m width by its pileus ("bell") and its tentacles up to 30 m long. The largest Lions Mane Jelly recorded was 120 FT, but most jellyfish are far smaller, usually some 30 cm by pileus width and up to 50 cm by tentacle length. It eats mainly plankton and is itself eaten by sunfish, sea turtles and some seabirds. Like all jellyfish, it lives only for one year.

A group of jellyfish is called a "smack". 

Madamanuru

Madamanuru is a small village in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is in Nellore District. It is famous for rice paddy fields and other farming.

Raëlism

Raëlism is a new religion that says that life on Earth was created by aliens. It was started in 1974 by . It is the world's biggest UFO religion.


Unitarian Universalism

Unitarian Universalism is a religion which encourages liberalism and an individual search for truth. It includes many spiritual paths. Its adherents have a pluralistic approach to faith hence may be atheists, agnostics, ignostics, deists, pagans, humanists, polytheists, or monotheists. A common tenet or doctrine within this religion is bodily integrity, self-ownership and individual autonomy. Unitarian Universalist places of worship are called "congregations". The religion accepts differences and there is no holy book, dogma, or doctrine. Instead, the adherents are guided by seven principles:
The seat of Unitarian Universalism in the United States is in Boston, MA.

Official website

Eckankar

Eckankar is a new religious movement started in the United States in 1965 by Paul Twitchell (1908-71). Twitchell taught that each individual is a soul and that soul exists because of God's love for it. Adherents of this religion are called Eckists.


Anthony Bell (director)

Anthony Bell (born 1970), sometimes known as Tony Bell is an American animator, movie director, screenwriter and story artist. He started his career as a character layout artist in "The Simpsons" in the early nineties and he also directed a few episodes in "Rugrats". Bell also directed some episode for the Adult Swim animated TV show, "The Boondocks". His most recent and famous work is for being the co-director of the 2010 computer-animated comedy-drama movie, "Alpha and Omega" (along with Ben Gluck), where he also served as story artist. Anthony is now working as the director on a new animated comedy-drama movie, called "Norm of the North". He also wrote the story for the movie.

Aso Shrine

"Aso" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of the old Higo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Kumamoto Prefecture. The enshrined "kami" are and others.

From 1871 through 1946, the Aso Shrine was officially listed as one of the first rank of government supported shrines.

Mandarin duck

The mandarin duck ("Aix galericulata") is a duck that breeds in eastern Siberia, China and Japan and winters in southern China and Japan. There is a small free-flying population in Britain which grew from the release of captive bred ducks.

In full plumage, the male mandarin duck has a pair of "sail" feathers that are raised vertically above the back, a crest of orange and cream feathers, and a broad white eye-stripe that is bounded above and below by darker feathers. The female mandarin duck is duller in colour and has an overall grey appearance that is marked by a curving white stripe behind the eye and a series of white blotches on the underparts. In flight, both sexes display a bluish-green iridescent speculum.

The mandarin duck lives in the forests of China and Japan. They prefer to live around wooded ponds and fast flowing rocky streams to swim, wade, and feed in.

Urial

The urial ("Ovis orientalis vignei"), also known as the arkars or shapo, is a subspecies of wild sheep ("Ovis orientalis"). It has reddish-brown long fur that fades during winter. Males have a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns. It is found in western central Asia. The other subspecies group of "O. orientalis" is the Mouflon ("Ovis orientalis orientalis" group). The two groups have often been considered separate species. Urial is endangered specie.

Robert FitzRoy

Robert Fitzroy (5 July 1805 – 30 April 1865) was a British seaman, admiral, meteorologist and hydrographer. He was the captain of HMS Beagle in the voyage of the English naturalist Charles Darwin.

He was Governor of New Zealand from 1843 to 1845.

In 1851, FitzRoy was elected to the Royal Society.

In 1854, on the recommendation of Vice Admiral Francis Beaufort and the President of the Royal Society, FitzRoy was appointed as chief of a new department to deal with the collection of weather data at sea, with the title of "Meteorological Statist to the Board of Trade" and a staff of three. This was the forerunner of the modern Meteorological Office.

Willem Barents

Willem Barents (or Barentsz, probably from Barentzoon, son of Barent) was a Dutch explorer. He was born on Terschelling around 1550, and died on the 20th June 1597 near Novaya Zemlya. 

The Barents Sea, Barentsburg and Barents Region were all named after him.

Lady Louise Windsor

Lady Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor (born 8 November 2003) is the elder of the two children of Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh, and Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh. Lady Louise is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is thirteenth in line to the British throne, although she was eighth in line when she was born. When her younger brother, James, was born in 2007, he moved ahead of her in the line of succession.

Lady Louise was born prematurely on 8 November 2003 at 23:32 GMT at Frimley Park Hospital in Frimley, Surrey. She was baptised in the Private Chapel of Windsor Castle on 24 April 2004 by David Conner, the Dean of Windsor. Her godparents were Lady Sarah Chatto, Lord Ivar Mountbatten, Lady Alexandra Etherington, Francesca Schwarzenbach and Rupert Elliott. Louise was the last child to wear the original royal christening gown.

Lady Louise attends events such as Trooping the Colour, Christmas and family services, like the Diamond Jubilee service at Saint Paul's Cathedral. Louise was one of the bridesmaids at the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on 29 April 2011. 

Lady Louise is technically entitled to be styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Edinburgh. But as per her parent's wishes, she uses an aristocratic title rather than a royal one.

Title 

8 November 2003 Lady Louise Windsor 

Religion: Church of England 

Honors 

-6 February 2012 Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal 

-6 February 2022 Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Platinum Jubilee Medal 

-6 May 2023: Recipient of the King Charles III Coronation Medal 

Byte order mark

A "byte order mark" (BOM) is a sequence of bytes used to indicate the Unicode encoding style of a text file. The encoding dictates how text is serialized into a sequence of bytes. If the least significant byte is placed in the initial position, this is referred to as "little-endian," whereas if the most significant byte is placed in the initial position, the method is known as "big-endian."

In addition to indicating the byte order, a BOM can also be used as a file signature to identify the encoding of a text file. The UTF-8 file signature (commonly also referred to as a "BOM") identifies the encoding format rather than the byte order of the document. UTF-8 is a linear sequence of bytes (not a sequence of 2-byte or 4-byte units where the byte order is important as in UTF-16 and UTF-32). The following table shows the byte-order marks for various encodings.
BOM use is optional. If used, it must be at the very beginning of the text. The BOM gives the producer of the text a way to describe the encoding such as UTF-8 or UTF-16, and in the case of UTF-16 and UTF-32, its endianness. The BOM is important for text interchange, when files move between systems that use different byte orders or different encodings, rather than in normal text handling in a closed environment.

As UTF-8 has become the most common text encoding, codice_1 (shown here as three hexadecimal values) is the most commonly occurring BOM form, also known as the "UTF-8 signature". HTML5 browsers are required to recognize the UTF-8 BOM and use it to detect the encoding of the page. Software may alternatively recognize UTF-8 encoding by looking for bytes with the high order bit set (values codice_2 through codice_3) followed by bytes that define valid UTF-8 sequences.

The Unicode Standard neither requires nor recommends the use of the BOM for UTF-8, but warns that it may be encountered at the start of a file.

Most modern software applications recognize a BOM and may insert it when saving a text file with UTF encoding. The presence of the UTF-8 BOM may cause problems with some software, especially legacy software not designed to handle UTF-8, in which case it may appear as the characters "".

Ahmad Faraz

Ahmad Faraz (real name Syed Ahmad Shah, January 1931-25 August 2008) was a Pakistani Urdu poet. 'Faraz' was his pen name (). He is considered one of the best Urdu poets of recent times.

Thomas Hooker

Thomas Hooker (July 5, 1586 - July 7, 1647) was a Puritan colonial leader. Hooker founded the Colony of Connecticut after he spoke to leaders in Massachusetts. They allowed him to have a colony there. Hooker was known as an outstanding speaker. He was also a leader of the Christian suffrage.

Hooker was given the nickname of "The Father of Connecticut". Hooker was an important person in the early development of colonial New England. He was one of the greatest preachers during his lifetime. Hooker often wrote on Christian subjects. He became the first minister in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was one the first people to settle in Hartford and the state of Connecticut. Many people believe Hooker was the inspiration for the "Fundamental Orders of Connecticut".


Kim Peek

Laurence Kim Peek (November 11, 1951 – December 19, 2009) was an American savant. Peek had brain damage since before birth, but was not autistic.

Peek was considered a "mega-savant" because he was a genius on at least 15 different subjects, from history to sport. He was the inspiration for the character played by Dustin Hoffman in the movie "Rain Man". Peek was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon).

On December 19, 2009 at age 58, Peek died of a heart attack in Murray, Utah.


Adam Carolla

Adam Carolla (born May 27, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is the voice of Birchum in "Crank Yankers". He played Commander Nebula in Buzz Lightyear. He is now in the movie "No Safe Spaces."

Crank Yankers

Crank Yankers is an American television show produced by Adam Carolla, Jimmy Kimmel, and Daniel Kellison that features actual crank calls made by show regulars and celebrity guests and re-enacted onscreen by puppets for a visual aid to show the viewer what is happening in the call. The show started in 2002 on Comedy Central and returned to MTV2 on February 9, 2007, running again until March 30, 2007. The show screened in Australia on SBS Television and The Comedy Channel between 2003 and 2008.

On February 11, 2019, Kimmel announced on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" that the show would be revived on Comedy Central for a fifth 20-episode season and mark the first project on Kimmel's new "Kimmelot" production imprint. The new season would include pranks on social media and other platforms. Kimmel's brother Jonathan Kimmel served as showrunner and executive producer. Season 5 started on September 25, 2019.

On March 5, 2020, Comedy Central announced "Crank Yankers" had been renewed for a 20-episode sixth season.



WWE Hell in a Cell

WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced every year by WWE, a Connecticut–based professional wrestling promotion, and broadcast live only on pay-per-view (PPV). The event began in 2009, replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE's PPV calendar. In 2012, WWE announced that Hell in a Cell would move to late October, leaving only one pay-per-view in October.

The show's concept is based on WWE's well-known Hell in a Cell match, in which wrestlers fight inside a 20-foot (6-metre) high roofed cell structure surrounding the ring and ringside area. Each main event match of the card is contested as a Hell in a Cell match. "Hell in a Cell" was chosen over "No Escape", "Locked Up" and "Rage in a Cage".

Since it began, the event has been held only in indoor arenas in the United States. Championship bouts are scheduled on every card. Under the former Brand Extension, WWE assigned its performers to either Raw or SmackDown, which in the 2009 and 2010 events caused matches to be set up between wrestlers on the same show.

In this PPV, all main events are fought as Hell in a Cell matches, in which the ring and ringside area are surrounded by a 20-foot high roofed cell structure. This type of match has no disqualifications or countouts, and also no escape. The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring.


"This article is based on on the English Wikipedia."

Toco toucan

The toco toucan ("Ramphastos toco"), also known as the toucan or common toucan, is the largest and probably the best known species in the toucan family. It is found in semi-open habitats throughout a large part of central and eastern South America. It is a common attraction in zoos.

Richard Ponsonby-Fane

Richard Arthur Brabazon Ponsonby-Fane (8 January 1878 – 10 December 1937) was a British public servant, colonial administrator, academic, author, specialist of Shinto and Japanologist.

Richard Arthur Brabazon Ponsonby was born at Gravesend on the south bank of the Thames in Kent. As a youth, he lived in London and at his grandfather's country home, Brympton d'Evercy in Somerset.

He added "Fane" to his name in 1916.

Ponsonby was educated at Harrow School.

In 1896, Ponsonby became the private secretary to the Governor of the British Cape Colony. Over the next twenty years, he was private secretary to the Governor of Natal (1896), to the Governor of Trinidad and Tobago (1898), to the Governor of Ceylon (1900), and to the Governor of Hong Kong (1903). He was re-posted to assist the Governor of Natal in 1907 and the Governor of Fiji in 1910.

In 1915-1919, he was re-posted as private secretary to the Governor of Hong Kong.

Ponsonby-Fane began lecturing at the University of Hong Kong in 1916. He continued to be a university lecturer until 1926.

In 1921, when the Japanese Crown Prince Hirohito visited Hong Kong, Ponsonby-Fane was his interpreter.

When Emperor Shōwa became Emperor of Japan, Ponsonby was the only non-Japanese guest who was invited to witness the ceremonies from a special place in front of the palace's Kenreimon gate.

In 1930, when Prince Takamatsu and his wife travelled to Europe, Ponsonby-Fane sailed on the same ship; and he was invited to attend all the welcoming receptions for them in England.

After 1919, Ponsonby-Fane became a permanent resident of Japan. In later life, he was always photographed with a long woolen scarf. It was hand-knit by Dowager Empress Teimei, the widow of Emperor Taishō.

Ponsonby-Fane died in Kyoto, Japan in December 1937.

In an overview of writings by and about Richard Ponsonby-Fane, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 74 works in 136 publications in 2 languages and 1,443 library holdings.



Tony Barbieri

Anthony J. "Tony" Barbieri (born August 26, 1963) is an American comedic writer and performer. He began writing for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" in 2003. In 2004, he started appearing on the show as the character "Jake Byrd". He won the an Emmy Award for the song "I'm Fucking Matt Damon" in 2008.

Robert N. Proctor

Robert Neel Proctor (born 1954) is an American historian of science. He is Professor of the History of Science at Stanford University. In 1999, he was the first historian to testify against the tobacco industry. He was a professor of the history of science at Pennsylvania State University.

Proctor made the word "agnotology". Agnotology means writing untrue or misleading information about scientific data. 

Albano Harguindeguy

Albano Eduardo Harguindeguy (February 11, 1927 – October 29, 2012) was an Argentine Army General.

Harguindeguy was born in February 11, 1927. He was thought of being involved in a human rights abuse case, then he was pardoned by President Carlos Menem in 1989, with other members of the dictatorship. In 2004 he refused to testify before a judge investigating illegal detentions and killings under Operation Condor, and he was put under house arrest.

Harguindeguy died on October 29, 2012 from natural causes while under house arrest, aged 85.


Nicotiana

Nicotiana is a genus of herbaceous plants and shrubs. They grow in the Americas, Australia, south west Africa and the South Pacific. The common name for plant species of the genus "Nicotiana" is tobacco plants. 

One of the species is "N. tabacum". It is grown worldwide to make tobacco leaf for cigarettes and other tobacco products. Other species are grown as ornamental garden plants. 

Terry Callier

Terrence O. Callier, known as Terry Callier (May 24, 1945 – October 28, 2012) was an American jazz, soul and folk guitarist and singer-songwriter.

Callier was born in the North Side of Chicago, Illinois, on May 24, 1945, and was raised in Cabrini-Green, a Chicago neighborhood.

He performered songs such as "Occasional Rain" (1972), "What Color Is Love" (1973), and "I Just Can't Help Myself" (1974). He also played with George Benson, Gil Scott-Heron and others. He signed a contract with Elektra Records, releasing the albums "Fire On Ice" (1977) and "Turn You to Love" (1978).

Callier died in Chicago on October 28, 2012 from cancer, aged 67.


Johann von Leers

Johann von Leers (January 25, 1902 – March 5, 1965), was a soldier in Nazi Germany. He was an Alter Kämpfer and an honorary Sturmbannführer in the Waffen SS. He was also a professor known for his strong anti-Jewish beliefs. He was important in making propaganda.

He was an advisor to Gamal Abdel Nasser. He published for Goebbels, in Peron's Argentina and for Nasser's Egypt. He changed his religion to Islam. He then changed his name to Omar Amin.


Indian Cobra

Indian Cobra ("Naja naja") or Spectacled Cobra is a species of the genus "Naja" found in the Indian subcontinent and a member of the "big four", the four species which inflict the most snakebites in India. This snake is revered in Indian mythology and culture, and is often seen with snake charmers. 

The Princess and the Frog

The Princess and the Frog is a 2009 American animated romantic musical fantasy comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 49th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The movie is loosely based on the novel "The Frog Princess" by E. D. Baker. That novel is in turn based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale, "The Frog Prince". The takes place in 1920s New Orleans, Louisiana. The story is of a hardworking waitress named Tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant. After kissing a prince who has been turned into a frog by an evil witch doctor, Tiana becomes a frog herself. She must find a way to turn back into a human.

The movie was in movie theaters in New York and Los Angeles on November 25, 2009. It went to more theaters on December 11, 2009.

Tiana is a young lady hoping to open a restaurant in New Orleans. Meanwhile, Prince Naveen arrives in the hopes of marrying Charlotte La Bouff. Naveen and his selfish assistant Lawrence meet Dr Facilier, a voodoo witch doctor who transforms Naveen into a frog.

Naveen meets Tiana and asks for a kiss to break Facilier's spell. The kiss does not work and turns Tiana into a frog. They journey to Mama Odie so that they can find a cure. On the way to Mama Odie, they meet Louis (an alligator) and Ray (a firefly).

Meanwhile, Facilier uses a talisman (given to him by voodoo demons) to disguise Lawrence as Prince Naveen. They do this so that Lawrence can marry Charlotte La Bouff and Facilier can take her family's fortune. 

Tiana, Naveen, Ray and Louis reach Mama Odie, who tells them that the kiss can only be broken by a princess. They realise that as Charlotte's father was crowned King of the Mardi Gras, she will be a princess until midnight. They go back to New Orleans and discover Facilier's plot. 

Tiana destroys the talisman and Facilier is killed by voodoo demons. Charlotte tries to kiss Naveen but it is past midnight and so the kiss does not work. Tiana and Naveen are happy as frogs and marry each other, making Tiana a princess. They both turn back into humans.


Frank Potenza

Francis "Frank" Potenza (born November 11, 1933 – August 23, 2011) was an American retired New York City police officer and former security guard. He later became a television actor and comic relief for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". He appeared as "Uncle Frank" on the show from 2003 to 2011.

Guillermo Rodriguez (comedian)

Guillermo Díaz Rodriguez (born January 27, 1971), widely known as Guillermo, is a talk show personality who rose to fame while working as a parking lot security guard at the Hollywood Blvd studios for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", with Jimmy Kimmel.

Tangled

Tangled is a 2010 American computer-animated musical fantasy adventure comedy movie about a princess named Rapunzel. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 50th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is loosely based on the German fairy tale "Rapunzel" from the Brothers Grimm. The movie is about a lost princess with long magical hair who wants to leave her tower. Against her mother's wishes, she gets help from a bandit thief to take her out into the world.

The movie was first titled and marketed as "Rapunzel". It was changed to "Tangled" shortly before its release. "Tangled" costed about $260 million to make. The movie earned about .

"Tangled" was first played at the El Capitan Theatre on November 14, 2010. It went into public release on November 24. The movie was released on Blu-ray and DVD on March 29, 2011.

When a golden drop of sunlight falls from the sky, a magic flower grows. Mother Gothel (Donna Murphy), an elderly witch, has hoarded the flower's healing magic to keep herself young for many centuries, and is furious when soldiers from a nearby kingdom pluck it and give it to their sick, pregnant queen. Afterwards, the queen gives birth to a baby girl, Rapunzel, whose long, blonde hair contains the flower's healing properties. Gothel breaks into the palace at night to cut Rapunzel's hair and to use the magic once again, but discovers that cutting her hair will render it useless, so she steals the baby and puts her in a tower in the woods, where she raises her, lying to the girl about the dangers of the outside world to keep her safe and content. Meanwhile, every year on Rapunzel's birthday, the king and queen release floating lanterns in the hopes their daughter will see them and come home.

Knowing the lanterns are made for her, on the eve of her eighteenth birthday, Rapunzel (Mandy Moore) plucks up the courage to ask Gothel's permission to see the lanterns and discover their source, but she refuses. Meanwhile, in the kingdom, the dashing bandit Flynn Rider (Zachary Levi), steals Rapunzel's intended crown from the palace, and abandons his partners, the Stabbington brothers, while they flee. He takes refuge with the crown in the tower, but Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying pan, and hides him in her wardrobe. Upon Gothel's return, Rapunzel tries to show Flynn to her to convince her she's ready for the "dangerous" world, but is still dismissed.

Rapunzel sends Gothel away on a three-day trip to pick up some paints for her. When Gothel leaves, Rapunzel hides the crown from Flynn and uses it as leverage as a means to get him to take her to the lanterns on her birthday. On their journey, Flynn and Rapunzel stop over at the Snuggly Duckling, a tavern filled with menacing barbarian thugs, who try to capture Flynn, but Rapunzel charms them. Meanwhile, Gothel comes across Maximus, a palace horse who is pursuing Flynn. Realizing the palace guards may be closing on the tower, Gothel rushes back only to discover that Rapunzel is missing, but finds Flynn's satchel with the crown, and she goes after the pair.

The soldiers, led by Maximus, search the tavern for Flynn. Rapunzel and Flynn escape through a secret passage, but end up trapped in a flooding cavern. Resigned to their fate, Flynn reveals his real name is Eugene, and Rapunzel reveals her hair glows when she sings. Using the light from Rapunzel's hair, they escape the cavern and hide in the woods. Meanwhile, Gothel teams up with the Stabbingtons and gives the crown to Rapunzel as a test of Flynn's loyalty.

The next morning, Maximus arrives to arrest Flynn, but Rapunzel talks him into calling a truce with him for her birthday. Rapunzel and Flynn arrive at the kingdom and enjoy the festivities, with an evening boat ride as the King, Queen, and citizens release lanterns. As a thank you for fulfilling her dream to see the lanterns, Rapunzel gives Flynn the satchel with the crown. They confess their love, and just as the two are about to kiss, Flynn sees the Stabbingtons on the lakeside, and rows the boat over to apologize and hand the crown over to them. However, the brothers assault him and tie him to a boat heading for the palace. While Flynn is taken into custody by the guards, Gothel stages a rescue by disabling the brothers, and returns to the tower with Rapunzel.

Back at the tower, Rapunzel discovers the kingdom's sun symbol she has subconsciously incorporated into her artwork over the years. She realizes that she is the missing princess who the kingdom release the lanterns for, and angrily confronts Gothel. Meanwhile, Maximus and the thugs free Flynn, who rides back to the tower, and enters, where he discovers Rapunzel has been chained and gagged. After stabbing Flynn, and leaving him to die of his injuries, Gothel tries to flee with the captive Rapunzel. She agrees she will willingly go with Gothel, if she can be free to heal Flynn. Not wanting her to be a captive any longer, Flynn cuts Rapunzel's hair, turning it brown causing its powers to dissipate. Gothel ages rapidly, and falls out the tower window, and is reduced to ash.

Flynn confesses his love for Rapunzel, and dies of his injuries. As the heartbroken Rapunzel mourns, her tears, infused with the healing magic, bring Flynn back to life. When the two return to the kingdom, Rapunzel is reunited with her parents, who pardon Eugene. The kingdom rejoices, and after a time, Rapunzel and Flynn wed.

Wreck-It Ralph

Wreck-It Ralph is a 2012 American 3D computer animated comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

The movie tells the story of Wreck-It Ralph. He is an arcade game villain. He does not want to be a villain anymore. He wants to become a hero. "Wreck-It Ralph" released to the world on October 29, 2012. It was the 52nd Disney animated movie and released in the United States on November 2, 2012.

A sequel called "Ralph Breaks the Internet" was released on November 21, 2018.


The film's score was composed by Henry Jackman.

Barry Shabaka Henley

Barry Shabaka Henley (born September 15, 1954) is an American actor and comedian. He portrayed Eddie Walker in "Barbershop: The Series", taking over from Cedric the Entertainer.

He often works in movies directed by Michael Mann.

Omar Gooding

Omar M. Gooding (born October 19, 1976) is an American actor and comedian. He replaced Ice Cube as Calvin Palmer, Jr. in "Barbershop: The Series".

Gooding is Cuba Gooding, Jr.'s younger brother and the son of Cuba Gooding, Sr. Gooding was born in Los Angeles, California.

Peugeot 607

The Peugeot 607 is a automobile produced by Peugeot. It replaced the Peugeot 605 in 1999, and were replaced by the Peugeot 508 in 2011.


Cam Barker

Cameron Barker (born April 4, 1986 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played with the Chicago Blackhawks, Minnesota Wild, Edmonton Oilers, and Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played with Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Barker was drafted 3rd overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. Barker played 5 seasons with the Blackhawks before being traded to the Minnesota Wild for Kim Johnsson and defensive prospect Nick Leddy. He played 2 seasons with the Wild and the Wild placed him on waivers on June 28, 2011. He signed a contract with the Edmonton Oilers on July 1, 2011. He played a season with the Oilers before being cut by the team on June 25, 2012. He joined the Texas Stars for 23 games before signing a $700,000, one-year contract with the Vancouver Canucks.



Michal Barinka

Michal Barinka (born June 12, 1984 in Vyškov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga.

Barinka was drafted 59th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. Barinka played 2 seasons with the Blackhawks before being traded in a three-way deal to the Ottawa Senators for Martin Havlát. Barinka played for the farm team Binghamton Senators for 1 season before returning to the Czech Republic to play for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga. After playing 5 seasons with HC Vítkovice, Barinka left to play with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League. He left to play for HC Fribourg-Gottéron of the National League A. He played 1 season with them before returning to the Czech Extraliga to play for HC Vítkovice again.


Charsfield

Charsfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 358 people living in Charsfield. It has a church called St Peter.

Chediston

Chediston is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 195 people living in Chediston. It has a church called St Mary.

Chillesford

Chillesford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 126 people living in Chillesford. It has a church called St Peter.

Cransford

Cransford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 152 people living in Cransford. It has a church called St Peter.

Milan Bartovič

Milan Bartovič (born April 9, 1981 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League.

Barker was drafted 35th overall in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres. Bartovič played 2 seasons with the Sabres before being traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for Michael Leighton. Bartovič played 49 games for the Blackhawks before electing to play in Sweden for the 2006–07 season. Before he left, he signed a one-year deal with the Atlanta Thrashers but didn't play for them. He returned to Europe to play for Malmö IF of the Swedish Elite League. He left the Malmö IF to play with ZSC Lions of the National League A. He played 1 season with ZSC Lions before leaving to play for the HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.


Impatiens

Impatiens is a genus of about 850–1,000 species of flowering plants, widely distributed throughout the Northern Hemisphere and tropics. Together with "Hydrocera triflora", they make up the family Balsaminaceae. 

These plants derives their scientific name "Impatiens" (Latin for "impatient") and the common name "touch-me-not" in reference to their seed capsules. When the capsules mature, they 'explode' when touched, sending seeds several metres away. This mechanism is also known as "explosive dehiscence"; see also rapid plant movement.

Impatiens have become one of the most popular garden annuals. Hybrids, typically derived from "Busy Lizzie" (the well-known "I. walleriana") and the New Guinea Impatiens ("I. hawkeri"), have commercial importance as garden plants. "I. walleriana" is native to East Africa, and was bred through selection by Claude Hope. The original series of impatiens bred by Hope was the 'Elfin' series of cultivars, later improved as the 'Super Elfin' series. Double-flowered cultivars also exist. But in tropical islands, such as Hawaiʻi, Busy Lizzie can also become a noxious weed.

Touch-me-not

Touch me not is a common name for two unrelated groups of plants:


The biblical Latin phrase Noli me tangere, which appears in John 20:17, is translated as "Touch me not".

Radim Bičánek

Radim Bičánek (born January 18, 1975 in Uherské Hradiště, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Kometa Brno of the Czech Extraliga.

Bičánek was drafted 27th overall in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators. Bičánek played 4 seasons with the Senators before being traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for a pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft on March 12, 1999.He played 2 seasons with the Blackhawks before being picked up by the Columbus Blue Jackets. He played 2 seasons with the Blue Jackets before returning to the Czech Republic because of the 2004–05 NHL lockout. He played for the Orli Znojmo of the Czech Extraliga for 5 seasons before leaving and joining HC Kometa Brno.


Peter Bondra

Peter Bondra (born February 7, 1968) is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey player that played a total of 17 seasons in the NHL.

Bondra was drafted 156th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals. Bondra played 14 seasons with the Capitals. Because of a disappointing year, the Capitals traded some of their veteran players. Bondra was traded to the Ottawa Senators for Brooks Laich and a second round draft pick. Bondra was noticeably sad and was choked up during the press conference that announced the trade. Bondra played 1 season with the Senators before signing with HK Tatravagónka ŠKP Poprad of the Slovak Extraliga because of the 2004-05 NHL lockout. After the lockout ended, he signed with the Atlanta Thrashers. He played 1 season with the Thrashers. On December 10, He signed a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks. While he was a member of the Blackhawks, he scored his 500th NHL career goal. This made him the 37th player in league history to reach the 500–goal mark and the fourth player to record his 500th goal while a member of the Blackhawks. He retired from professional ice hockey on October 29, 2007.


Toby

Toby [ toh-bee ] is a male name. Toby is a well-liked name for male individuals with a rich history and significance. Its origin can be traced back to England and is a derivative of the name Tobias, which means "God is good" or "God is my goodness." The name has been widely used since the Middle Ages and has remained a popular choice for boys in English-speaking countries. Apart from Toby, the name has also been spelled in different variations such as Tobie, Tobey, and Tobias. The name has also been referenced in literature and popular culture, with characters such as Toby Belch in Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" and Toby Ziegler in the television show "The West Wing" bearing the name. It is used in English speaking places.

Toby Keith, a Country music singer, is one famous Toby. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Jared Padalecki

Jared Padalecki (born July 19, 1982) is an American actor. He is best known for his role on the television series "Gilmore Girls". Padalecki is also known for playing Sam Winchester on the CW television series "Supernatural".

Padalecki married Genevieve Cortese on February 27, 2010 in Sun Valley, Idaho. He and his wife are living in Austin, Texas. Their son, Thomas Padalecki, was born on March 19, 2012.


Sněžka

Sněžka (, ) is the highest mountain in the Czech Republic. Its top is above sea level. The mountain is in the Giant Mountains ("Krkonoše"), in the nordeastern part of Bohemia. It is about 150 kilometres from Prague, the country's capital. Buses from Prague go to the town of Pec pod Sněžkou, from there the tourists can walk or use the cable-way.

There is the Czech-Polish border on the top of Sněžka. Both Czechs and Poles have their buildings on the top. The wooden chappel of St Lawrence and a new post office are in Bohemia; a big modern hotel is in Silesia (Poland). The whole area is a protected natural area. There are no trees on Sněžka because it is too high for them. Instead, there are rocks that can be dangerous to the walkers. They are recommended to wear good shoes and avoid the mountain in winter or if it is raining.

New England town

New England towns have a basic local government in each of the six New England states. New England towns are similar to civil townships.

New England towns are often governed by town meetings. There is little to no county government, and Connecticut and Rhode Island counties have no government authority. Massachusetts has removed eight of fourteen county governments so far.

List of governors of Connecticut

The Governor of Connecticut is in charge of the executive branch of Connecticut's government. The Governor is also commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor must enforce state laws. The governor also can approve or veto bills passed by the Connecticut General Assembly. The governor of Connecticut has no power to pardon. This is unusual among other US governors. There have been 68 governors of the state. The current Governor is Ned Lamont, who took office on January 9, 2019.


Jhansi

Jhansi is a historic city of India between the rivers Pahunj and Betwa in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, close to the border with Madhya Pradesh. Jhansi is the administrative headquarters of Jhansi District and Jhansi Division. The original walled city grew up around its stone fort, which was built in 1613. The city is well connected to all other major towns in Uttar Pradesh by road and railway networks. It is called "gateway to Bundelkhand". Jhansi was besieged and taken by British forces in 1858 during the Indian Rebellion of 1857is



Pinaceae

Pinaceae (the pine family) are trees or shrubs, including many of the well-known conifers of commercial importance such as cedars, firs, hemlocks, larches, pines and spruces. 

The family is included in the order Pinales, formerly known as Coniferales. Pinaceae are monophyletic. They are the largest living conifer family in species diversity, with between 220-250 species in 11 genera, and the second-largest (after Cupressaceae) in geographical range.

They are found in most of the Northern Hemisphere with most species in temperate climates. The family often forms the dominant component of boreal, coastal and montane forests. One species just crosses the equator in southeast Asia. Major centres of diversity are found in the mountains of southwest China, Mexico, central Japan and California.

Center of population

The center of population is part of a study of demographics. It can be useful to understand the population for a state or region. The Mean center of U.S. population has been counted for each U.S. Census since 1790. 

The center of population for Bangladesh is close to Dhaka. Ohio's center of population is 30 miles from Columbus. The center of US population is located in southern Missouri. This shows that Representatives from the western states travel far to their jobs at the Capitol.


Connecticut Colony

The Connecticut Colony was an English colony in British America. The Connecticut Colony or Colony of Connecticut, was formed in what would become the US state of Connecticut. It was first called the River Colony and was organized on March 3, 1636. It was a place for Puritan noblemen. The English took control of the colony from the Dutch by the late 1630s. The colony became a war zone between the English and American Indians, known as the Pequot War. This war helped established the self-government in the New World.

There were two other English colonies in the state of Connecticut. The Saybrook Colony in 1644 and the New Haven Colony in 1662, merged with the Connecticut Colony. Thomas Hooker was a Puritan minister. Hooker and Governor John Haynes of Massachusetts Bay Colony led a group of 100 people to present-day Hartford in 1636. They are sometimes referred to as the founders of the Connecticut Colony. 


Coventry, Connecticut

Coventry is a town in Connecticut. It is in Tolland County. There were 12,235 people living in Coventry in 2020. Coventry became a town in May 1712. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of of which is land and (1.67%) is water.


Old Saybrook, Connecticut

Old Saybrook is a town in Connecticut. It is in Middlesex County. There were 10,481 people living in Old Saybrook in 2020. The incorporated borough of Fenwick is in Old Saybrook. The census-designated places of Old Saybrook Center and Saybrook Manor are also part of the town.

Saybrook, Illinois is named after Old Saybrook.



Wethersfield, Connecticut

Wethersfield is a town in Connecticut. It is in Hartford County. Many records from colonial times spell the name Weathersfield. However, Native Americans called it Pyquag. There were 27,298 people living in Wethersfield in 2020.


The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol

The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol is an American computer-animated short film, based on "The Smurfs" comic book series and "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. It was directed by Troy Quane and it stars voices of George Lopez, Jack Angel, Melissa Sturm, Fred Armisen, Gary Basaraba, Anton Yelchin, and Hank Azaria. The special was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios. "The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol" was released on DVD on December 2, 2011, attached to "The Smurfs".

When Grouchy Smurf (voiced by George Lopez) behaves badly to everyone and refuses to celebrate Christmas, the Smurfs of Christmas Past, Present, and Future teach him to appreciate Christmas.



Ivan Droppa

Ivan Droppa (born February 1, 1972) is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey player that played 2 seasons in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks.

Droppa was drafted 37th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks.

Droppa mainly played in Europe during his career. He has played for the Nuremberg Ice Tigers, Kassel Huskies, and Duesseldorf EG/DEG Metro Stars of the DEL. The Slavia Praha HC and Litvinov CHP HC of the Czech Extraliga. The MsHK Žilina and HC Košice of the Slovak Extraliga.

Droppa retired from professional ice hockey in 2010.


Nyangatjatjara College

Nyangatjatjara College is an independent high school based in the Northern Territory of Australia. It has campuses in Yulara, Kaltukatjara, Muṯitjulu and Imanpa. It teaches students who speak Pitjantjatjara as their first language.

The school was first opened on 21 July 1997. The campus at Yulara is the school's original and main campus. It has boarding facilities to allow students to from the other, smaller, campuses to live at the college while studying. Kaltukatjara, Muṯitjulu and Imanpa are small communities in remote areas. The campuses there were opened between 1998 and 2002. The students are taught at their home campuses for part of the year, and then study at the Yulara campus for the other part. The school teaches both boys and girls, but their classes are separated.

Nyangatjatjara College is owned by the Nyangatjatjara Aboriginal Corporation. It is a member of the Association of Independent Schools of the Northern Territory (AISNT).


Lexington Barbecue Festival

The Lexington Barbecue Festival is a one-day food festival held each October in Lexington, North Carolina, a city that calls itself the "Barbecue Capital of the World." Each year up to 160,000 people go to the festival Up to 20 different companies compete to see who has the best barbecue. There are many people who sell other items, too. The festival is a celebration of slow cooked pork barbecue.

The first Lexington Barbecue Festival was in 1984. It was the idea of Joe Sink, Jr., who worked for Lexington's newspaper, "The Dispatch". The city of Lexington was already famous for barbecue and the city decided it was a good idea to have a festival every year. The first year, 30,000 people came to eat barbecue at the festival. The festival is one of the largest in the United States now. By 1994, more than 100,000 people came each year, and they had to cook 11,000 pounds of meat. In 2012, more than 160,000 people came to try the Lexington barbecue.

The city closes many city blocks on Main Street for the event. In addition to barbecue, there are over 400 other people selling arts and crafts, homemade fudge and other things. There are also many carnival rides, several stages for live music (bands), and other competitions and events. Over the years, many large companies have helped pay for the festival, such as Childress Vineyards, Pepsi, BB&T, Walmart, and other corporations.

In 2007, The North Carolina government pass a law called "NC House Bill 433" and now the festival is officially the"Official Food Festival of the Piedmont Triad Region of the State of North Carolina".
These are images of some of the activities at the festival.

Lorentz transformation

The Lorentz transformations is a set of equations that describe a linear transformation between a stationary reference frame and a reference frame in constant velocity. The equations are given by:

formula_1 ,
formula_2 ,
formula_3 ,
formula_4

where formula_5represents the new x co-ordinate, formula_6 represents the velocity of the other reference frame, formula_7 representing time, and formula_8 the speed of light.

On a Cartesian coordinate system, with the vertical axis being time (t), the horizontal axis being position in space along one axis (x), the gradients represent velocity (shallower gradient resulting in a greater velocity). If the speed of light is set as a 45° or 1:1 gradient, Lorentz transformations can rotate and squeeze other gradients while keeping certain gradients, like a 1:1 gradient constant. Points undergoing a Lorentz transformations on such a plane will be transformed along lines corresponding to formula_9 where n is some number

Transformation

In mathematics, a transformation is a rule that describes relations between two different coordinate systems and points in them.

Some examples are translation, dilation, rotation, reflection, shear mapping, point reflection, and circle inversion. Any combination of transformations is also a transformation.

Ken Page

Kenneth "Ken" Page (born January 20, 1954) is an American actor, voice actor and singer. He is best known for voicing Oogie Boogie in "The Nightmare Before Christmas".

Child-headed family

A child-headed family or child-headed household is a family in which a minor (child or adolescent) has become the head of the household. They are most common in developing countries and areas of war, where the children's parents have been killed by conflict or disease. In some cases, relatives of the children adopt them after the parents die. Situations where a child, usually the eldest, has to provide for the family happen when there are no adult relatives to take the children or the relatives can not afford to support more children. Whether and how much the government helps the orphaned family depends on the country. Most help comes from charity and aid organisations like UNICEF.

Child-headed families are most common in Africa. The HIV/AIDS epidemic has led to many situations where both parents have died and left behind a family of orphans. The children may begin taking over their parent's responsibilities before the last surviving parent has died, when the parent is sick or too weak to work. The eldest children often have to stop going to school and get a job instead in order to gain income for the family. A study by Cornell University in 2005 showed that, in Namibia, the average age of the children acting as parents in their families was 17; some were as young as 9 years old. The number of children heading households in sub-Saharan Africa is reported to be growing. A survey in South Africa in 2006 showed that 122,000 (0.67%) of the country's children were living in child-headed households.

In Rwanda, it is estimated that the 1994 genocide left at least 60,000 households to be run by children. Many of the girls who were raped during the conflict are left to raise both their siblings and their own children.


The Reluctant Dragon (movie)

The Reluctant Dragon is a 1941 American combined live action and animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on June 20, 1941. The movie gives a tour of the then-new Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.

The movie stars radio comedian Robert Benchley and many Disney staffers such as Ward Kimball, Fred Moore, Norman Ferguson, Clarence Nash, and Walt Disney, all as themselves.

The first third of the movie is in black-and-white. The last two-thirds are in Technicolor. Most of the movie is live-action. There are four short animated parts. There is black-and-white part with Casey Junior from "Dumbo". There are three Technicolor cartoons: "Baby Weems", Goofy's "How to Ride a Horse", and "The Reluctant Dragon". The Reluctant Dragon is based on Kenneth Grahame's book of the same name. 

Victory Through Air Power (movie)

Victory Through Air Power is a 1943 Walt Disney Technicolor animated movie. It is based on the 1942 book "Victory Through Air Power" by Alexander P. de Seversky. De Seversky is in the movie. This was different from the Disney animated movies of the time.

The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Music Score of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.

On December 8, 1941, Disney studios were changed into a propaganda machine for the United States government. While most World War II movies were made for training, movies such as "Victory Through Air Power" were made to build public morale among the U.S. and Allied powers. Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt were influenced by the movie.

So Dear to My Heart

So Dear to My Heart is a 1948 movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released nationwide on January 19, 1949. The movie combines animation and live action. It is based on the Sterling North book "Midnight and Jeremiah".


The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for Burl Ives's version of the 17th-century English folk song "Lavender Blue". It lost to "Baby, It's Cold Outside" from "Neptune's Daughter".

Mary Poppins (movie)

Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical movie starring Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was based on the story of destiny Mary Poppins and the "Mary Poppins" book series by P. L. Travers. It was shot at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.

Julie Andrews won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Mary Poppins. The movie also won Oscars for Best Movie Editing, Original Music Score, Best Song for "Chim Chim Cher-ee" and Best Visual Effects. The movie received a total of 13 nominations.

The movie is about a family named Banks that live in London of 1910. The family members are George Banks - a serious man that works in the bank, Winifred Banks - a Women's rights activist, and their children Jane and Michael.

George Banks is busy in his bank work while Winifred is busy in her Women's rights activities and both of them almost never dedicate time for their children but instead keep them with different nannies. When one of the nannies named Katie quits the job, Mr. Banks begins to search for a different nanny. At night, the children write their father a letter that describes the kind of nanny they want, but he then rips the letter and throws it into the fire and writes for himself the kind of nanny that he wants, someone that is serious and arranged.

Many nannies come to the house in order to be chosen as the nanny but the strong wind blows them all away. At the same time the children who are looking from the window see a woman flying into their house, named Mary Poppins and she is the kind of nanny the children really wanted. With her magic and love she takes care of the children and takes them to special adventures. In the beginning Mr. Banks does not like the way she takes care of the children but later in the movie she manages (is able to do something, especially something difficult) to connect between him and the children and makes the Banks family all happy again.

"Mary Poppins" is the most Oscar-winning and Oscar-nominated Disney movie in history.




T. J. Miller

Todd Joseph "T. J." Miller (born June 4, 1981) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He first began acting in television. He is best known for his role as Erlich Bachman in the television sitcom "Silicon Valley" until he left the show in 2018"." His first role in a movie was "Cloverfield", in which he played the character who videotaped most of the scenes.

Bedknobs and Broomsticks

Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a 1971 musical movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It combines live action and animation. It was released in North America on December 13, 1971. It is based on the books "The Magic Bed Knob; or, How to Become a Witch in Ten Easy Lessons" and "Bonfires and Broomsticks" by English children's author Mary Norton.

The movie is often compared to "Mary Poppins". It is also partly set in the streets of London. It shares some of the cast from Mary Poppins, a similar crew, the same songwriters and director.

The movie was made at Walt Disney Studios. The castle scenes were shot on location at Corfe Castle, Dorset, England, UK.


The Children:

The voices of:

Billy Gardell

William "Billy" Gardell (born August 20, 1969) is an American actor. He currently acts in the television series "Mike & Molly". He also made an appearance in several episodes of "My Name Is Earl". He voiced Santa in "".

Judah Friedlander

Judah Friedlander (born March 16, 1969) is an American actor and comedian best known for his acting on the sitcom "30 Rock".

Chris Wedge

John Christian "Chris" Wedge (born March 20, 1957) is an American movie director, producer and voice actor. He is best known for the movies "Ice Age" and "Robots".

Karen Disher

Karen Beth Disher (born August 7, 1972) is an American storyboard artist and movie director. She has also done many voice over roles in cartoons, television, movies and video games.

She has worked for MTV, where she designed the main characters for the cartoon series "Daria". She then joined Blue Sky Studios, where she worked as storyboard artist on many animated movies, such as "Robots", "", "Horton Hears a Who!", "", "", and "Epic".

In 2001, Disher married Robert Todd Partington, then a supervisor of computer graphics and animation technologies for MTV Networks.

Seann William Scott

Seann William Scott (born October 3, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of Steve Stifler in the "American Pie" series. He also played roles in the movies "Final Destination", "Road Trip", "Dude, Where's My Car?", "Evolution", "Bulletproof Monk", "The Rundown", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Role Models", "Cop Out", and "Goon". Scott voiced the character Crash in the "Ice Age" franchise.

Al-Hujwiri

Abu al-Hasan Ali ibn Uthman ibn Ali al-Jullabi, commonly known by the nisba al-Hujwiri and reverentially as Data Ganj Bakhsh, was an 11th-century Islamic scholar and writer. He made a significant contribution both to the spreading of Islam in South Asia.

Ali ibn Uthman ibn Ali ibn Abd al-Rahman ibn Abd Allah ibn Ali ibn Hasan ibn Zayd ibn Hasan ibn Ali is said to be his genealogy. He was born around 990 CE near Ghazni, Afghanistan during the era of the Ghaznavid Kingdom and moved to Lahore in present-day Pakistan in 1077 CE.

His most famous written work is the "Kashf al-Mahjub", written in the Persian language. This is one of the earliest and most respected treatises of Sufism in Persian, and it debates Sufi doctrines of the past.

Al-Hujwiri was interred in a famous mausoleum in Lahore, which is surrounded by a large marble courtyard, a mosque and other buildings. It is the most frequented of all the shrines in that old city, and indeed one of the most famous in Pakistan and the entire region. He is venerated as the Patron Saint of Lahore, where his name is a household word, and his mausoleum the object of pilgrimage from distant places, by people of all religious beliefs. Along with Khwaja Moin-ud-Din Chishti, Farid-ud-Din Ganj Shakar, Lal Shahbaz Qalandar and Jalal-ud-Din Surkh Bukhari, he is deemed in popular Punjabi literature and culture, as one of the "Panj Peer" (Five Sages/Holy Ones) who exert mystic control and authority over all of the South Asia.

Christopher McDonald

Christopher McDonald (born November 16, 1954) is an American actor. He is known for his acting roles in "Happy Gilmore", "Requiem for a Dream", and "61*".

Pete's Dragon (1977 movie)

Pete's Dragon is a 1977 live-action/animated musical movie from Walt Disney Productions. It is a live-action movie but its title character, a dragon named Elliott, is animated. The story is about a young orphan named Pete who goes to the town of Passamaquoddy, a small fishing community in Northeastern Maine. His only friend is a dragon named Elliott. Elliott is also his protector and can make himself invisible.


"Pete's Dragon" was nominated for two Academy Awards:

The movie was nominated for four Saturn Awards:

The Hollywood Foreign Press Association nominated "Pete's Dragon" for one Golden Globe Award:

DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp

DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp is a 1990 animated movie. It was based on the children's television series "DuckTales". It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on August 3, 1990.



Al Roker

Albert Lincoln "Al" Roker (born August 20, 1954) is an American weatherman and an actor. He is known for being a presenter on the television program "Today".

In September 2020, Roker was diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Fariduddin Ganjshakar

Hazrat Sheikh Farīd-ud-dīn Mas'ūd Ganj Shakar (4 April, 1179 – 7 May, 1266), commonly known as Baba Farid "Ganjshakar" (Punjabi, lit: 'Treasury of Sugar/Sweetness'), was a renowned Sufi preacher, mystic poet and saint of the Chishti Order of South-central Asia.
Fariduddin Ganjshakar is generally recognized as the first major poet of the Punjabi language, and is considered one of the pivotal saints of the Punjab and indeed, one of the "Panj Peers", or five main/great saints of South Asia. Revered equally by Muslims and Hindus, he is also considered one of the fifteen Sikh "bhagats". Selections from his work are included in the Guru Granth Sahib, the Sikh holy scripture.

His world-famous shrine is located in Pakpattan, in present-day Punjab (Pakistan). It was built in 1267. Each year during the Islamic month of "Muharram", special festivities are held there and pilgrims from many countries come to visit.

Maurice LaMarche

Maurice LaMarche (born March 30, 1958) is a Canadian voice actor and stand-up comedian. He is best known for his voicework in "Futurama" as Kif Kroker, as Egon Spengler in "The Real Ghostbusters", Verminous Skumm and Duke Nukem in "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", Big Bob Pataki in "Hey Arnold!", Dizzy Devil in "Tiny Toon Adventures", The Brain in "Animaniacs" and "Pinky and The Brain", "The Powerpuff Girls", and his portrayal of Mr. Freeze in "".

LaMarche was born on March 30, 1958 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, but his family moved to Timmins, Ontario, very soon after he was born. LaMarche's childhood was filled with his "own little world of cartoons and sixties television".


Mount Conner

Mount Conner (also called Atila) is a mountain in central Australia. It is in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, southeast of Lake Amadeus. It is above sea level and above the ground around it. The mountain was named by William Gosse in 1873 after South Australian politician Mountifort Longfield Conner. It can be seen from the road towards Uluṟu when coming from Alice Springs.

Mount Conner is a flat-topped inselberg, shaped like a horseshoe. The rock is sedimentary. Its layers were left behind when the area was an inland sea, during the Neoproterozoic era (1Ga to 542Ma). The rock of Mount Conner is 200 to 300 million years older than the rock of nearby Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa. The younger layers of sedimentary rock eroded over millions of years leaving the inselberg that is seen today.

The mountain is known as Atila (also sometimes spelled "Artila", "Atula", "Attila" or "Artilla") in the native Yankunytjatjara and Pitjantjatjara languages. The country around it is called Atilanya. It is associated with "Tjukurpa" (Dreaming) stories about the "" (means "ice people"; commonly spelled "ninya"). The "nyiṉya" are ancestral spirits who bring cold weather.

For the native Yankunytjatjara people, Mount Conner has long been associated with the Wanambi Dreaming. ' is a ancestral spirit who is said to live in the springs in and around the mountain. Legends relating to this Dreaming were recorded by Charles Mountford when he visited the area in 1940. He wrote that a very dangerous one was said to live in , a spring that used to exist halfway up the southern slopes. When the spring dried up, the men of Atilanya believed that the ' was stolen from them by the people to the south, who placed the spirit in a spring of their own country so that they would have more water.

About southwest of Mount Conner is another water source, a rock hole called (in English, "Aneri Well" or "Mount Conner Well"). Mountford camped there in 1940 on his way to Uluṟu, and recorded the name as "Anneri". He wrote that this was said to be the home of a harmless ' that had travelled north to Anari from the Musgrave Ranges. He also wrote about ceremonies relating to the ' being performed by the women here.

Mountford also recorded another legend associated with the mountain, of a fight between two boys who were hunting in the area. According to the legend, one of the boys discovered the spring at Anari by chance. He refused to tell the other boy where he had found water and, as a result, the second boy nearly died of thirst. They duelled together and slowly made their way to the top of the mountain, where they died. Their bodies are said to be preserved as boulders.

Anari was used as the site of the first homestead of Mount Conner Station. This is now abandoned, and the new homestead is located further north, on the Lasseter Highway. A track leads from here to the base of Mount Conner.

Mount Conner is made up of conglomerates, sandstones, siltstones and mudstones. The summit consists of coarse-grained sandstone with pebble layers and small beds of pebble conglomerate and siltstone. The rock that lies underneath this is composed of dark brown micaceous siltstone, mudstone, and fine-grained sandstone. The lower part of the mountain consists of medium to coarse-grained, grey-brown sandstones, dark-brown siltstones, and cherts. The sides of Mount Conner are also covered by scree (talus) and its top is covered with colluvium. The base of the mountain is surrounded by alluvium.

The summit of Mount Conner, along with the summits of Kata Tjuṯa and Uluṟu, is left over from the erosion of a layer of sediment from the Cretaceous period. It is considered to a classic example of an inselberg created by erosion of surrounding strata.


Crime in Afghanistan

Crime in Afghanistan happens in many ways. Some of the crimes are: corruption, contract killings or assassinations, kidnapping, drug trafficking, money laundering, black marketeering, and other ordinary crimes.

Growing Opium poppy and drug trafficking are important to the political and economic situation of Afghanistan. After the Soviet war in Afghanistan, growing opium poppy increased. Growing opium poppy was taxed. Some members of the military were directly involved in illegal drug trade. The Taliban did not want people to grow drugs. Because it made so much money they were tolerant and taxed the drug growing.

In 1999, Afghanistan made over 4,581 metric tons of raw and refined opium. This led to more international pressure from places the drugs were sold to. In response, the Taliban said no one could grow opium poppy. The did allow the opium trade to continue. With the ban the opium was reduced to 185 metric tons. This little production of opium continued in areas under the control of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan.

Since the downfall of the Taliban in 2001, growing and trafficking of opium has increased significantly. Criminal organizations and corrupt government officials have used drug trafficking as a way to make money. Some anti-government groups make profit from the drug trafficking.

Afghanistan is world's largest producer of opium. In 2001, Afghanistan was the source of 87% of the world's illegal opium. 80-90% of the heroin consumed in Europe comes from opium made in Afghanistan. According to Antonio Maria Costa "drugs are now a clear and present danger" in Afghanistan. In 2007 the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime said 93% of the opiates on the world market came from Afghanistan.

Unemployment among a large portion of the population is part of the reason for crime. Other forms of crime include robbery as well as kidnappings and assault. Many riots have occurred in the country in response to the political and other issues.

Since the downfall of the Taliban, crime rate has greatly increased in the capital city Kabul. Armed robberies are reported in the western districts of Kabul. Between March 2002 and January 2003, 48 cases of homicide, 80 cases of theft and 12 cases of kidnappings were reported in Kabul municipal boundaries.

Crime in Armenia

Crime in Armenia includes human trafficking, domestic violence, murder, political murder, contract killing, tax evasion, corruption, extortion, money laundering, police brutality, organized crime, and clan or gang violence.

The quick change from a Communism system to a free market capitalist system destroyed the socioeconomic structure of Armenia. 

During the first ten months of 2008, crime in Armenia's capital Yerevan rose nearly 14 percent from the same period in 2007.

Organized crime is a part of the Armenian economy. In Yerevan there are organized, criminal clans known as "akhperutyuns" (or "brotherhoods"). The different groups sometimes battle for rights over their territory. Members are guided by the underworld laws brought from Russian prisons.

Most of the smaller cities, towns, and villages of Armenia are also controlled by a clan or family.

A "well-paid job" is very often the bait used to persuade women in difficult social situations to travel abroad. 

In July 2004, Russia’s Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliev said that growing cooperation between Russian and Armenian law enforcement bodies has prevented more than one hundred Armenian women from being trafficked abroad for sexual exploitation. According to Nurgaliev, "criminal groups" which have been neutralized planned to transport the mostly young women to third countries, mainly the United Arab Emirates, via Russia. On June 24, 2004, members of a criminal group who were intent on forcing 6 Armenian women into prostitution were arrested.

On April 20, 2009, Anoush Martirosyan, the infamous "Madame Pimp" of Dubai, was sentenced to thirteen years in prison by a Yerevan judge. Martirosyan ran a prostitution ring in Dubai to which she lured girls from Armenia.

According to a 2008 study by Amnesty International, more than a quarter of women in Armenia "have faced physical violence at the hands of husbands or other family members." Reporting domestic violence is heavily stigmatized in Armenian society. Many of these women have no choice but to stay in abusive situations.

Crime in Bahrain

There is a low rate of crime in Bahrain. Some petty crime such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are reported especially in the old market areas (souks). Violent crime is uncommon, but increasing. Much of the crime in the nation is committed by the large South Asian population of guest workers. Though small in size, there is a growing underground drug market in the country. According to Emile Nakhleh, about 65% of violent crime and theft are done by foreign citizens living in Bahrain.

Charisse Tia Maria Coston and Freda Adler wrote a book about the reasons behind the low crime rate in Bahrain. The society of Bahrain follows the teachings of the Qur'an; the Qur'an influences political, economic and social environment. Islam, which is most important in the structure of Bahraini society, teaches wrongdoings will result in downfall of societies.

Bahrain is a destination country for men and women trafficked for the purposes of involuntary servitude and commercial sexual exploitation. Men and women from Africa, South Asia and Southeast Asia cine to Bahrain to work as laborers or domestic servants. Some are placed in involuntary servitude such as unlawful withholding of passports, restrictions on movements, non-payment of wages, threats and physical or sexual abuse. Women from Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Southeast Asian country like Thailand and North African nation like Morocco are trafficked to Bahrain for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation.

Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. The Government of Australia advised travelers "to exercise a high degree of caution in Bahrain" due to high threat of terrorism.

In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, Bahrain was ranked 46th out of 179 countries for corruption.

Glires

Glires (from Latin "glīrēs", dormice) is a clade (sometimes ranked as grandorder) consisting of rodents and lagomorphs (rabbits, hares, and pikas). This hypothesis that these form a monophyletic group has been long debated based on morphological evidence, although recent morphological studies strongly support monophyly of Glires.

Euarchonta

The Euarchonta are a grandorder of mammals containing four orders: the Dermoptera or colugos, the Scandentia or treeshrews, the extinct Plesiadapiformes, and the Primates.

Euarchonta and Glires together form the Euarchontoglires, one of the four Eutherian clades.

Crime in Bangladesh

Crime in Bangladesh includes many different crimes. Some of these crimes are done by an individual and some crimes are organized by a group. Examples of crime are: drug trafficking, money laundering, extortion, murder for hire, fraud, human trafficking, robbery, corruption, black market, political violence, terrorism, abduction, etc.

Bangladesh is used to move narcotics made in neighboring countries. A 2007 report said that Bangladesh is now the main point for the movement and trafficking of heroin from Southeast Asia to the European market .

A total of 10,331 homicides were reported from 2001 to 2003. This is a large increase.

For the Asia Pacific region, Bangladesh is ranked as one of the main countries for software piracy. It is believed that software vendors lose around 102 million US dollars every year to this black market trade. There is no strict law to stop this practice.

In 2011 Bangladesh was ranked 120th for corruption in a list of 182 countries. This means there appears to be a high amount of corruption in the country.

Babcock Street (MBTA station)

Babcock Street is a station on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Boston, Massachusetts. The station is located on Commonwealth Avenue at Babcock Street. Babcock Street consists of two side platforms which serve the "B" Branch's two tracks. Babcock street is 24 minutes away from Park Street.


Peshtigo fire

The setting of small fires was a common way to clear forest land for farming and railroad construction. On the day of the Peshtigo Fire, a cold front moved in from the west, bringing strong winds that fanned the fires out of control. A huge fire was started.

Crime in Belgium

Belgium is considered a mostly safe country compared to its neighbouring countries. Brussels had the fourth highest number of recorded crimes of European capitals (behind Stockholm, Amsterdam, and Berlin). Brussels had a rate of 10 murders or violent deaths per 100,000 citizens. Belgium's second largest city, Antwerp, has crime rates about 20% below those of Brussels. Liège and Charleroi, industrial cities with high unemployment rates, saw higher crime rates than the less industrialized cities of Ghent and Bruges. The rural areas are generally very safe.

Marc Dutroux did many serious crimes and is likely Belgium's worst criminal. He is in prison. 

In November 2005, Brussels was very minorly affected by the spread of the French riots. There has been a steep increase in violent armed robberies carried out by minors. Cybercrime is also growing.

In 2011, a man killed six people, then himself, in Liege.

In the 1990s and early 2000s, attacks were made on vans used to move. They often killed the security agents in charge. The country had several large-scale crime scandals, such as those of the Brabant Wallon killers, the Scarface gang and the Belgian Mafia. More recently, some scandals have been about corruption and misuse of public resources. In addition, petty crimes such as street thefts, purse snatchings, and pickpocketing are in the main city centers. There are not very many of these crimes. Car theft used to happen often. There have been less in the last decade.

The known groups in the mafia in Belgium are:

Richard Carmona

Richard Henry Carmona (born November 22, 1949) is an American physician, policeofficer, public healthadministrator, and politician. He was the 17th Surgeon General of the United States. Carmona was chosen as Surgeon General by President George W. Bush in 2002. He left office at the end of July 2006 at the end of his term. After leaving, Carmona was highly critical of the Bush administration.

In August 2006, Carmona returned home to Tucson, Arizona. In November 2011, he said he would try to become the Democratic Party's choice for United States Senate. He won the nomination, but lost the election to Jeff Flake.

Crime in Bhutan

Bhutan has a low crime rate. Petty crime is sometimes reported in the country. Violent crime is very uncommon. Some cases of drug abuse are reported. alcohol abuse is a problem. In general, drug trafficking is low. The most serious threat to Bhutan's security is terrorism by different groups from India who are staying in the nation.

In June 1999, television was introduced in the country. Bhutan was the last nation in the world to have television. Some people think the introduction of television did not fit with Bhutanese culture. They say it is a reason crime increased.

Violent crime is very low in Bhutan. Levels of theft are low. Petty crime like pickpocketing are sometimes reported in the country. Juvenile crime has increased. The highest rate of juvenile crime was reported in 2003 when 63 youths were convicted across the nation. Rape is not a large problem. In 1999 only 10 rapes were reported in Bhutan. Homicide rate is low. In 1998, homicide rate per 100,000 citizens was 2.78. Bhutan is a source and transit country for human trafficking. Women are trafficked from Bhutan to other countries for commercial sexual exploitation. 

The first case of corruption in Bhutan was reported on April 5, 2002. A man was charged with embezzlement. Four cases of white-collar crime and violent crime were reported in April 2003.

In 2011, Bhutan was ranked 38th out of 182 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). Its score was 5.7 with 10 being the highest possible.

Slight drug abuse has appeared in the country. Free trade with neighboring India and the refugees make Bhutan vulnerable to drug trafficking. Bhutan is close to certain areas in Nepal and North-East India where intravenous drug use is high. Because of this, Bhutan has had an increase in intravenous drug use. Marijuana, which grows as a shrub in Bhutan, was only used to feed pigs before the introduction of television. Hundreds have now been arrested for using marijuana. Use of amphetamines and benzodiazepines smuggled from India is rising in Thimpu and in the Southern Bhutan. Drug trafficking and production of opium, cannabis and other drugs is not a large problem in the country.

Alcohol consumption is the most serious addiction related problem in the nation. Alcohol abuse is reported in nearly 80% of domestic violence crimes.

In 2004, selling of tobacco products to Bhutanese citizens was outlawed in the country. This made Bhutan the first nation in the world to ban tobacco sales. Severe punishment was added for selling of tobacco. Karma Tshering of the Bhutanese Customs said, "If any foreigner is caught selling tobacco products to Bhutanese nationals, he will be charged with smuggling. Tobacco will be treated as contraband." However a black market in tobacco has grown in the country.

Many groups from India have set up training camps in the southern part of the country. The United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA), the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) and the Bodo Liberation Tigers Force (BLTF) had bases in Bhutan in 2002. Terrorists were involved in murders, extortion and kidnappings. Bhutan told the terrorists they must leave the country by December 2001. In December 2003 there was a military campaign to remove these groups. Many terrorist camps were destroyed. It is thought that terrorists are trying to make retaliatory attacks against Bhutan. On September 5, 2004, a bomb exploded in Gelephu killing two people and injuring twenty seven. The NDFB was suspected behind the attack.


Crime in Brazil

Crime in Brazil has had an increase in violent and non-violent crimes. According to most sources, Brazil has high rates of violent crimes, such as murders and robberies. The homicide rate was getting smaller, but has started going back up from 2006 onwards. In 2010 it was above 25 homicides per 100,000 people. This makes is one of the 20 worst rates in the world.

Kidnappings do still happen. Increased police know-how has helped the problem. Prostitution "per se" is not a crime in Brazil, unlike procuring. The Government of Brazil has increased efforts to combat child prostitution and sex tourism. In 2010, there were 473,600 people in Brazilian prisons and jails. Drugs are responsible for 85,000 of the total.

It is believed that most life-threatening crime in Brazil is linked to drug trade and alcoholism. Brazil is a heavy importer of cocaine. It is part of the international drug route. Arms and marijuana used by criminals are mostly locally produced.

New laws have stricter punishment for domestic abuse and driving under the influence. Thousands of human trafficking and slavery cases are reported each year. These are usually connected to sugarcane plantations or, in the cities, illegal immigrants from Asia and the surrounding continent Crime rates change greatly across the country, with a higher amount in metropolitan suburbs and in border zones.

The crime of money laundering was introduced in 1998. The Internet is home to many Brazilian hackers. Online hate speech, heavily punished by Brazilian law, is difficult for officers to catch. Land crimes are a problem.

A continuing problem is the human rights violations during capture and custody of suspects. On the other hand, criminal charges have been described as very easy, allowing violent criminals an early return to society. The justice system is slow. This is largely because of loopholes that allow for numerous appeals. According to the U.S. Department of State, a majority of crimes are not solved.

Express kidnappings, where individuals are taken and forced to withdraw money from automated teller machines, are common in major cities including Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Brasília, Curitiba, Porto Alegre, Salvador and Recife. Petty crimes such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are common. Thieves work in outdoor markets, in hotels and on public transport.

Organized crime is a serious problem in Brazil. It is well established in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. Organizations include: Comando Vermelho, Amigos dos Amigos, Terceiro Comando Puro, and Primeiro Comando da Capital. There are groups of punks and skinheads in São Paulo and Curitiba. The illegal drug trade is large. In 2021, at least 25 people were killed in a shootout between police and a gang of drug dealers.

Police brutality and corruption are widespread.

In some areas, current and former members of the police have formed vigilante gangs. These gangs say they are protecting people but are widely thought to be dangerous criminal gangs. They chase out or kill local drug dealers. They then use protection rackets and tax local businesses of all kinds. Rio de Janeiro "militias" have been responsible for murders of journalists and a judge. Areas under "militia" control tend to see a drop in murder rates but a rise in other forms of violent crime.

The National Public Security Force (NPSF) was started in June 2004 by the Ministry of Justice. They are to act in emergency situations. It brings together the best police states and the Federal Police.

BOPE ("Batalhão de Operações Policiais Especiais", or "Special Police Operations Battalion"), is the elite group of the Military Police. Their missions are: Break barricades made by drug traffickers; get out police officers or civilians injured in fighting; serve high-risk arrest warrants; hostage rescues; stop prison rebellions; and conduct special missions in rough terrain such as swamps or mountainous areas.. They chase out or kill local drug dealers

Crime in Bulgaria

Crime in Bulgaria has been frequent. 

In 2006 the European Commission made goals for Bulgaria to improve its fight against corruption and organised crime. In 2011 Bulgaria ranked 86th out of 182 countries on how corrupt they are thought to be. They scored a 3.3 with 10 the highest possible. 

Bulgaria is a source for women and children who are trafficked for prostitution. Men, women, and children are also used for forced labor.

Varna is known to be the main place for Bulgarian organized crime. Some parts of the economy, including gambling, corporate security, tourism, real estate, and professional sports, are believed to be controlled by these groups.

Surgeon General of the United States

The Surgeon General of the United States is in charge of the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHSCC). They are the main spokesperson about things dealing with public health in the federal government. The Surgeon General's office and staff are known as the Office of the Surgeon General (OSG).

The Surgeon General is chosen by the U.S. President and confirmed by the Senate. The Surgeon General serves for a four-year period of time. The Surgeon General is either the highest ranking or second highest ranking uniformed officer of the PHSCC. This depends on if the current Assistant Secretary for Health is a PHSCC commissioned officer or not. The position has the grade of a three-star vice admiral .

Crocus

Crocus (plural: crocuses, croci) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family comprising about 80 species of perennials growing from corms. Many are cultivated for their flowers appearing in autumn, winter, or spring. Crocuses are native to woodland, scrub and meadows from sea level to alpine tundra in central and southern Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, on the islands of the Aegean, and across Central Asia to western China.

Student's t-test

A t-test is a statistical hypothesis test. People use it when they want to compare a mean (average) of a measurement from one group A to some theoretical, expected value. People also use it when they want to compare the mean (average) of a measurement of two groups A and B. They want to decide if the mean in group A is different to the theoretical value or to the mean in group B.
For example, pretend there are two groups of people. One group exercises a lot and the other doesn't. Do the people who exercise tend to live longer than those who don't? Then the property of interest is the average life time. Is the average life time of people who exercise different to the average life time of people who don't? A t-test can help answer this question.
The t-test is used when the property's variance in the groups is unknown. When people want to do the t-test they have to calculate the variance from the sample (the collection of data). This calculated variance is almost always different to the true variance in the group. The t-test was created to care about this difference.

Pakpattan

Pakpattan (also called Pākpattan Sharīf) is a city in Punjab (Pakistan). It is the capital city of Pakpattan District. 

1790 United States census

The United States Census of 1790 was the first United States Census. It recorded the population of the United States as of August 2, 1790. In the First Census, the population of the United States was 3,929,214.

Data was collected from all thirteen states (Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia), and districts and territories that would become Vermont, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Maine.

Both Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson and President George Washington didn't fully believe in the results. They believed that there were more people in the United States than what the census said. A reason why there may be more people would be because of the people living farther apart, bad roads that would go to where people may live, limited technology, and people simply not giving any information.

The records for many states were lost sometime between 1790 and 1830. Almost one third of the original census data have been lost or destroyed since the original census. These include some 1790 data from: Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Vermont. The data can still be proven in many secondary sources about the first census.

Census data included the name of the head of the family. They put people into these categories: free white males at least 16 years old (to figure out the country's industrial and military potential), free white males under 16 years old, free white females, all other free persons (reported by sex and color), and slaves. The Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson told marshals to get data from all thirteen states (Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia), and from the Southwest Territory.

17.8% of the people were slaves. This is the highest percentage of slaves in any American census.

1800 United States census

The United States Census of 1800 was the second Census in the United States. It was done on August 4, 1800.

It showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the United States. 893,602 were slaves. The 1800 Census included the new District of Columbia. The census for the following states were lost: Georgia, Kentucky, New Jersey, Tennessee, and Virginia.

1810 United States census

The United States Census of 1810 was the third Census in the United States. It was done on August 6, 1810. It showed that 7,239,881 people were living in the United States. 1,191,362 of the total were slaves.

The 1810 Census included one new state: Louisiana. The original census returns for the District of Columbia, Georgia, Mississippi, New Jersey, Ohio, and Tennessee were lost or destroyed over the years.

1820 United States census

The United States Census of 1820 was the fourth census in the United States. It was completed on August 7, 1820. The total population was found to be 9,638,453. 1,538,022 of the total were slaves. 


Mekan clan

The Maken are a caste, or clan of Jat origin and are claimed to ancest from Jats. They are mostly settled in the Sargodha District of the Punjab (Pakistan).
most of them are farmers and they are very hard worker. The actively take part in the local sports and are found to be very passionate reagrding Nezabazi and Falconry. Sardar Fateh Khan Maken has been a prominent player in Nezabazi for winning the Asian Championship. Numerous Makens have been a part of provincial politics alongside tribal politics, for example, Punjab. Sardar Asim Sher Maken has been serving as the district council chairman of Sargodha, who was previously the chairman of Kot Pehlwan union council. Sardar Muhammad Yousuf Maken from Wegowal always play a vital role in general elections. Chaudhary Salehon Maken Subedar has been chairman from Mandi Bahaudin multiple times. Sardar Sikandar Hayat Maken and Sardar Fateh Khan Maken have contested and won different elections for a provincial assembly seat. Chaudry Ghulam Mubashir Maken is serving SSP (DPO) D G Khan. Sardar Aamir Habib Ullah Maken Air Vice Marshal (General) in Pakistan Air Force. Sardar Mujahid Zafar Maken is serving Assistant commissioner Multan. A well known name in electrical distribution systems designing Engineer Hafiz Ghulam Muhammad (Designer of different sectors of DHA Multan, DHA Peshawar and DHA Quetta) also belongs to Maken family. Hammad Hassan Maken is a serving commander in Pakistan Navy. He was awarded Sitara-e-Basalat for successfully eliminating the terrorists from Pearl Continental Gawadar in a 25 hours operation.[https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/633763-president-confers-military-awards [2<nowiki>]</nowiki>]

Languages

1830 United States census

The United States Census of 1830 was the fifth Census in the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1830. It found the population of the 24 states to be 12,866,020. 2,009,043 of the total were slaves. 

The center of population was about 170 miles (274 km) west of Washington, D.C. in Grant County, Virginia.


1840 United States census

The United States Census of 1840 was the sixth census of the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1840. It found the population of the United States to be 17,069,453. This was an increase of 32.7 percent from the 1830 Census. The total population included 2,487,355 slaves. In 1840, the center of population was about 260 miles (418 km) west of Washington, D.C., near Weston, West Virginia.

1850 United States Census

The United States Census of 1850 was the seventh census of the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1850. It found the population of the United States to be 23,191,876. This was an increase of 35.9 percent from the 1840 Census. The total population included 3,204,313 slaves.

This was the first census where there was an attempt to collect information about every member of every household, including women, children, and slaves. It was also the first census to ask about place of birth.

Hinton Rowan Helper made use of the 1850 census results in his politically notorious book "The Impending Crisis of the South".

1860 United States Census

The United States Census of 1860 was the eighth Census in the United States. It was completed after November 1, 1860. It found the population to be 31,443,321. This was an increase of 35.4 percent from the 1850 Census. The total population included 3,953,761 slaves.

Talokar

Talokar is the name of a village in the Haripur District of Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (formerly North-West Frontier Province) in Pakistan. It is situated at Latitude 33.9852778 degrees; and Longitude 72.9419444 degrees. It is quite closely situated to Haripur town (approx 2 km) the local area headquarters. 

It was originally founded during the 12th or 13th century AD by the Talokar khoker Awan tribe. Since then, it has remained the principal seat of a "Jagir" estate during the British Raj, of a famous aristocratic family which also produced Khan Sahib Abdul Majid Khan Tarin, OBE, Jemadar Abdul Latif Khan Tarin IDSM, and others.

The approximate population of the main Talokar village at the time of the last major national census was about 4800-5000. and it is primarily an agrarian area. It is well known for its fine vegetables, wheat and maize crops and orchards of loquats, oranges and other fruits. Although the majority of the residents are engaged in farming activities, a fairly large number are also in government and military service and some few working in local industries or working abroad as immigrant labour.

The main tribes and ethnic groups include Gurjars, Maliars, Pathans, Syeds, Awans and some others. The principal families and landowners are still mostly Tarin/Tareen Pathans (Pashtuns). In terms of religious practices, the population is overwhelmingly Muslim, mostly of the Sunni Islamic persuasion. The main language spoken here are Hindko, Northern Punjabi language (Chhachi dialect) and some Pashto.

The general level of literacy/education is quite high by Pakistani standards, with schooling for both boys and girls available until high school level and an average literacy rate of 74%. For further education, most students go to colleges in Haripur town or nearby Abbottabad and some even as far as Peshawar, Islamabad and Rawalpindi.

Among popular pastimes here are sports such as Cricket, Football (soccer), Field hockey and Volleyball. Many people also engage in hunting, horse riding and the traditional martial art of Gatka.

Awan

Awan was the second daughter of Adam and Eve in the Abrahamic religions. Awan was also the sister-wife of Cain. Although Awan was first paired in a sibcestual pairing with Abel, after Abel was killed by her twin Cain, her marriage to him became a twincestual marriage.

Dervish

Dervish, Darvesh, or Darwīsh (from , "Darvīsh") in Islam is a type of Sufi. 

It is someone living a Sufi Muslim ascetic way or "Tariqah". They are poor, and live simply. In this respect, dervishes are most similar to mendicant friars in Christianity, or Hindu/Buddhist/Jain sadhus.

The whirling dance that is associated with dervishes is best known in the West by the performances of the Mevlevi order in Turkey. It is part of a ceremony known as the Sema. It is also done by other orders. The Sema is only one of many Sufi ceremonies performed to try to reach religious ecstasy ("majdhb", "fana"). 

The name "Mevlevi" comes from the Persian poet Rumi, who was a dervish himself. This practice, though not intended as entertainment, has become a tourist attraction in Turkey.

Hazara

The Hazara division is an administrative area of the present Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It includes the Haripur District, Abbottabad District, Mansehra District, Battagram District, Kohistan District and the Kala Dhaka former tribal enclave, now renamed as the Tor Ghar District. The native language spoken in the area is Hindko.

Don Dunstan

Donald Allan "Don" Dunstan AC, QC (21 September 1926 – 6 February 1999) was a South Australian politician. He was the leader of the state's Labor Party from 1967, and was Premier of South Australia between June 1967 and April 1968, and again between June 1970 and February 1979.
Dunstan was born in Fiji to a rich Australian couple. He moved to Adelaide when he was a teenager. He moved to go to school on a scholarship. He later studied law and arts at the University of Adelaide. 
He entered politics in 1953. He got a seat in the South Australian parliament at the age of 26. He became well known for his campaign against the death penalty during the 1950s, and his status in the Labor Party rose quickly. As a member of the opposition, he was able to get the parliament to pass changes to Aboriginal civil rights. He was also an important figure in his party's abandoning the White Australia Policy.

Dunstan was a socially progressive premier. His government recognised native title over Aboriginal lands, decriminalised (made legal) homosexuality, and abolished the death penalty. Appointed during his term were the first female judge, the first non-British governor, and later, the first indigenous governor. Dunstan also relaxed censorship and drinking laws in the state, created a ministry for the environment, and made laws against discrimination. His nine years in office during the 1970s are remembered as the "Dunstan Decade". However, there were also problems: the state's economic growth began to slow down, and led to major infrastructure plans being abandoned. Unemployment in South Australia began to rise, as well as rumours of corruption. Dunstan became strained after the death of his wife, and he suddenly resigned from the premiership in 1979 after collapsing from illness. He lived for another two decades, and remained very outspoken in public about social policies.


David Tonkin

Dr David Oliver Tonkin AO (20 July 1929 – 2 October 2000) was the 38th Premier of South Australia, from 18 September 1979 to 10 November 1982. He was elected to the South Australian parliament in the 1970 election. He became the state's leader of the Liberal Party in 1975. His party won the state elections in 1979, after Don Dunstan of the Labor Party had resigned as premier.

Tonkin's government focused on the economy while also continuing the socially progressive ideas of the previous government. He developed copper and uranium mining in the state, and made laws against discrimination. He also passed a land rights act through parliament that gave the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara people ownership over most of their homeland in South Australia.

Tonkin's party ran for a second term in 1982, but was defeated by the Labor Party, which was led by John Bannon.

Kashan

Kashan is a city in Iran. It is near Isfahan, about from Tehran. The city is known for its textiles. In the Middle Ages, it was also known for ceramics. As of 2012, about 275,000 people live in the city, about 317,000 in its metropolitan area. The city is along the road from Qom to Kerman. Kashan is located at the edge of a desert, along the first oasis. The city has a desert climate, with hot summers, and cold winters.
There is a university in the city, which offers higher education in medicine.
Rose water is produced in the city.

In Natanz, about south of Kashan, there is an uranium enrichment plant. This plant uses gas centrifuges. It is part of the Iranian nuclear program.

Great Victoria Desert

The Great Victoria Desert is the largest desert in Australia. It consists of sand dunes, small sandhills, grassland plains, areas with closely packed pebbles (called desert pavement or gibber plains) and salt lakes. The desert is an Australian IBRA.

The desert covers a large area, about in the states of Western Australia and South Australia. The distance from east to west is about . It is very dry, getting only between and of rain each year. It is surrounded by other very dry areas including the Nullabor Plain to the south, the Gibson Desert to the north, Sturt's Stony Desert to the east. It was named by the explorer Ernest Giles in 1875, after Queen Victoria. Aboriginal people have lived in the desert for more than 24,000 years.

Between 1953 and 1957, the British government exploded nine atomic bombs in the Great Victoria Desert at Maralinga and Emu.

The area of the Great Victoria Desert is shared roughly equally by the states of South and Western Australia. It is north of the Nullarbor Plain and south of the Musgrave Ranges. The desert is bounded on the west by Laverton and the goldfields and to the east by Coober Pedy and the Stuart Highway.

The Great Victoria Desert can be very dry and sandy. However, plants and animals still live there. The plants are adapted to the dry, arid climate, otherwise they would not be able to survive. Wallabies, bandy snakes, lizards, kangaroos and many birds live in the Great Victoria Desert. These animals have also adapted to survive in extreme heat and extreme cold.

Natanz

Natanz is a city in the arid center of Iran. The city lies in an oasis in the desert. The city is located about southeast of Kashan. About 12,000 people live in the city. The city is well known for the pears grown there. There are shrines in the area, for example that of Abdas-Samad Esfahani. He was a Sufi who died in Natanz in 1299 CE. King Darius III was killed in the mountains near the city, about 330 BC. The village Abyaneh, near Natanz is a well-known holiday resort today. Before Ismail I made Twelver Islam the state religion, it was a center of Zoroastrianism. Zoroastrianism originated in Iran, around 1000 BC. 

Around east of Natanz, there is a mine for Fluorite and Baryte. Southeast of the city, there is an uranium enrichment plant which is part of Iran's nuclear programme.

Kings Canyon (Australia)

Kings Canyon is a canyon in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is part of Watarrka National Park, about southwest of Alice Springs. The walls of Kings Canyon are over 100 metres high, with Kings Creek at the bottom. The rock is sandstone. At the top of the gorge is a maze of weathered rock domes, a lot like those found in Purnululu.

Kings Canyon and the area around it is Aboriginal land. It is part of the Luritja people's traditional country, and title over the land was granted to them in July 2012. Before the arrival of Europeans in the region, the damp climate at the bottom of the gorge was an important refuge during droughts. Rock engravings at the base of the canyon date are many hundreds of years old. Many of them are sacred sites for Luritja and are closed to visitors. The name "Waṯarrka" refers to the area around the sacred Dreaming path that runs through the park; it comes from the Luritja name for the "Acacia ligulata" tree.


Kings Canyon

Kings Canyon may refer to:

Ollie

An Ollie is a basic skateboarding trick. It is when the person riding the board leaps into the air with the board still attached to their feet. No hands are used; the board is moved into the air by kicking the back of the board down so the front is raised. From there it uses a combination of grip and momentum to keep the board with the rider.

Madagascar (2005 movie)

Madagascar is a 2005 computer-animated movie made by Dreamworks. The story is about a group of animals from the zoo in Central Park, New York City. The main characters are Alex the Lion (Ben Stiller), Marty the Zebra (Chris Rock), Melman the Giraffe (David Schwimmer) and Gloria the Hippotamus (Jada Pinkett Smith). With the penguins Skipper (Thomas "Tom" McGrath), Private (Christopher Knights), Kowalski (Chris Miller) and Rico (John DiMaggio) also living in the zoo, they end up in Madagascar with King Julien (Sacha Baron Cohen), Maurice (Cedric the Entertainer) and Mort (Andy Richter). The movie has two sequels: and , as well as a Christmas special, a spinoff series, and the movie of the same name.

Alex the lion, Marty the zebra, Skipper the Adelie penguin, Private the Chinstrap penguin, Kowalski the Emperor penguin, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippopotamus become best friends and the Giant monster scare Fossas away in the movie.

A video game titled Madagascar, is an adaptation on the same name of the movie. Release in 2005 for
PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo DS, GameCube, Game Boy Advance and Microsoft Windows.

Peter Griffin

Peter Griffin is an animated character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

He is the husband of Lois Griffin. He has three children, Meg, Chris, and Stewie. His main friends are Glenn Quagmire, Cleveland Brown, and Joe Swanson. He is voiced by the shows creator, Seth MacFarlane, who also voices Stewie Griffin and the family's pet dog Brian. he has apered as han solo in the starwars parody he was born in mexico and has died 20 times he is from china 

He was a redesign of the protagonist, Larry, from Seth MacFarlane's animated short films he made a few years before Family Guy.

Peter used to work in a Toy factory, before it was shut down when the manager of the factory died. He then worked on a boat before he started working at "Pawtucket Patriot Brewery". 

Peter always believed his full name was Peter Löwenbräu Griffin, however, later in the show, he finds out his actual full name is Justin Peter Griffin, and that he was born in Mexico. He also used to believe that Francis Griffin was his father, however, when Peter visited his father on his deathbed, he and his mother would reveal that his real father is an Irishman called Mickey McFinnigan, whom his mother met while she was in Ireland.

A long-running joke in the show is his relationship with Ernie the Giant Chicken. When Ernie appeared, it was result in a long fight between the two, often taken up to five minutes and randomly happening in an episode.

Peter and Brian Griffin could be said to have originated as Larry and Steve respectively, with the two being introduced in the 1995 short film The Life of Larry, and elaborated and refined upon in Larry & Steve. 

H. Paul Varley

Herbert Paul Varley (February 8, 1931 – December 15, 2015) was an American academic, historian, author, and Japanologist. He was a professor at Columbia University and Sen Sōshitsu XV Professor of Japanese Cultural History at the University of Hawaii.

Varley's early work was influenced by Kan'ichi Asakawa at Yale University.

Among other interests, his research focused on the Kamakura period and Muromachi period in the history of Japan.

In an overview of writings by and about Varley, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 120+ publications in 6 languages and 8,200+ library holdings. 



Hansō Sōshitsu

, also known as , is the 15th in a series of Japanese tea masters of the Urasenke family.

Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of the Urasenke school of the Japanese tea ceremony.

The first person in this line of the Sen family to use the name Sōshitsu was the youngest son of Sen Sōtan. He was a great-grandson of Sen Rikyū.


Sen Sōshitsu

Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of one of the three schools of the Japanese tea ceremony



Brassica rapa

Brassica rapa L. (syn. Brassica campestris L.), commonly known as turnip, turnip rape, fast plants, field mustard, or turnip mustard, is a plant widely cultivated as a leaf vegetable (see mizuna and napa cabbage), a root vegetable (see turnip), and an oilseed (but not normally rapeseed oil, from a different "Brassica" species).

The oilseeds known as canola are sometimes particular varieties of "Brassica rapa" (termed Polish Canola) but mostly the related species "Brassica napus" and "Brassica juncea".

Energy transition

Energy transition () is the transition of Germany and several other countries to sustainable economies by means of renewable energy, energy efficiency and sustainable development. The final goal is the abolishment of nuclear, coal, and other non-renewable energy sources.

The key policy document outlining the "Energiewende" was published by the German government in September 2010, some six months before the Fukushima nuclear accident. Legislative support was passed in 2011. Important aspects include:


Sensō Sōshitsu

, also known as , is the 4th in a series of Japanese tea masters of the Urasenke family.

Senso Sōshitsu was first person in the Sen family to use the name "Sōshitsu". He was the youngest son of Sen Sōtan; and he was a great-grandson of Sen Rikyū.

Today, Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of the Urasenke school of the Japanese tea ceremony. 


Metabolic rate

Metabolic rate is the rate of metabolism, the amount of energy used by an animal per unit of time. Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is the amount of energy used daily by animals at rest.

About 70% of a human's total energy use is due to the basal life processes within the organs of the body (see table). About 20% of one's energy use comes from physical activity and another 10% from the digestion of food after eating.

All of these processes require an intake of oxygen to provide energy for survival, usually from macronutrients like carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. The Krebs cycle produces energy-rich ATP molecules, and gives off carbon dioxide.

Basal metabolism is usually by far the largest component of total energy used. The release, and using, of energy in this state is sufficient only for the functioning of the vital organs, the heart, lungs, nervous system, kidneys, liver, intestine, sex organs, muscles, and skin.

For the BMR, most of the energy is taken in keeping fluid levels up in tissues by osmosis, and only about one-tenth is used for mechanical work, such as digestion, heartbeat, and breathing.

What enables the Krebs cycle to perform metabolic changes to fats, carbohydrates, and proteins is energy, which can be defined as the ability or capacity to do work.

The breakdown of large molecules into smaller molecules – with release of energy – is catabolism. The breakdown of proteins into amino acids is an example of catabolism. Body heat in warm-blooded animals is produced by chemical reactions of the catabolic type.

The building up process is termed anabolism. The formation of proteins from amino acids is an anabolic process.

Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is the intermediate molecule that drives the transfer of energy used in muscle contraction. ATP is a high energy molecule because it stores large amounts of energy in the chemical bonds of the two terminal phosphate groups. The breaking of these chemical bonds in the Krebs cycle provides the energy needed for muscular contraction.

The metabolic rate varies between individuals. One study of 150 adults representative of the population in Scotland reported basal metabolic rates from as low as 1027 kcal per day (4301 kJ) to as high as 2499 kcal (10455 kJ). The average was 1500 kcal (6279 kJ) per day.

The researchers calculated that 62.3% of this variation was explained by differences in the mass (weight) minus the fat reserves. Other factors were the amount of fat (6.7%), age (1.7%), and experimental error including within-subject difference (2%). The rest of the variation (26.7%) was unexplained.

So there are differences in BMR even when comparing two subjects with "the same" lean body mass. The top 5% of people are metabolizing energy 28-32% faster than individuals with the lowest 5% BMR. For instance, one study reported an extreme case where two individuals with the same lean body mass of 43 kg had BMRs of 1075 kcal/day (4.5 MJ) and 1790 kcal/day (7.5 MJ). This difference of 715 kcal (67%) is equivalent to one of the individuals completing a 10 kilometer run every day.

Metabolic rates vary according to animal size, and this has been discussed for over a century.

The graphs show that :

Kashgar

Kashgar or Kashi is an oasis county-level city with about 350,000 residents in the province of Xinjiang in the the far west of China, near the border with Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan. Kashgar is the administrative centre of Kashgar Prefecture of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region which has a population of approximately 4 million. The city's urban area covers , though its administrative area extends for .

Kashgar was the meeting point for the southern and northern ancient Silk Routes for 2000 years because of its situation. The Taklamakan Desert is to the east of the city while westwards are the high mountains of Pamir so camels must be exchanged for yaks (or vice versa). Kashgar remains very much a predominantly Uighur city; its market called Sunday Bazaar is resorted to by merchants from nearby countries such as Kazakhstan, Tadjikistan, and Kirghizistan and is reputed the largest in Central Asia.


Conrad Vernon

Conrad Vernon (born July 11, 1968) is an American movie director, screenwriter, producer, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for his work in DreamWorks and Blue Sky Animation animated movies. These include "Shrek 2", "Monsters vs. Aliens" and especially "".

Vernon was born and raised in Lubbock, Texas. He studied at CalArts. Vernon worked as a storyboard artist in Ralph Bakshi's "Cool World", "2 Stupid Dogs", "Rocko's Modern Life", "Nightmare Ted" and "Morto the Magician". Vernon joined DreamWorks in 1996 and worked as a storyboard artist again in "Antz". After the success of "Antz", he became one of the writers for "Shrek", where he also made the voice of Gingerbread Man. He also appeared in "Shrek 4-D" and "Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas". Conrad also worked in "Shrek 2", which was his first work as a director. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award. Later, he created the voice of Mason the chimpanzee in the popular DreamWorks movies "Madagascar", "", "" and the The Maggie and the Ferocious Beast Movie. He also co-directed the third "Madagascar" movie. Vernon also wrote the original story and directed "Monsters vs. Aliens", where he also created the voice of Insectosaurus. He also produced "The Annoying Orange and Gumball" TV series.

Programming paradigm

Programming paradigms are a way of grouping programming languages by what they do. Languages can be in more than one paradigm.

Some paradigms look at the way the code is run, such as allowing side effects, or having to do things in a certain order. Other paradigms look at the way that code is grouped, such as putting code into one or two pieces (or instead, many small pieces). Some other paradigms look at the order and pieces that make the program the way it is.

There are two main groups of paradigms, imperative and declarative. A language can be both at the same time.

In imperative programs, programmers give the computer a set of ordered steps that need to be done in order to do something. If someone wanted the computer to draw a cat face, they might give directions like "Draw a circle here, draw two smaller circles there, draw two triangles on top" and so on. Imperative programs sometimes have a lot of side effects.

There are two major imperative paradigms, and a lot of the time a language will have both:


In declarative paradigms, the programmer tells the computer what to do instead of how to do it. If they wanted the computer to draw a cat face, they might give directions like "Draw a face, draw two eyes, two ears, and a mouth".

The most well-known declarative paradigms are:


Some paradigms can be found in both imperative "and" declarative languages. These paradigms are usually found with one of the above paradigms instead of going on their own.


Programming languages are grouped by paradigms in the same way that machines might be grouped by what they're used for.

A few languages fit in just one main paradigm, such as:


Most languages, though, are in more than one paradigm. Some of the ones that stand out for having more than just one are:


Having more paradigms is not always good. One time that having fewer paradigms can be a good thing is when there is a language that is only functional. A function in one of these languages sometimes does less work (like only going over the parts of a group of things it actually needs to) than it might have to if the language was also procedural.

Many programming paradigms are as well known for the things they "do not" let people do as for those they "do" let people do. One time where this is true is functional languages. When a functional language is "only" or "mostly" functional, it usually will not allow side-effects. Another time where this is true is structured programming: it is different from normal imperative languages because it does not let programmers use "goto statements" (statements telling the program to go to an earlier step). Because of this and other reasons, people sometimes think new paradigms do not allow enough things. It is sometimes okay for the computer to not let people do things, though: it can help people avoid problems with their code, and let the computer make guesses that so it can run code faster, or even check code for problems before the code runs!

Some people who study programming languages do not like that paradigms are used to group programming languages, such as Harper and Krishnamurthi. Those people say that a lot of programming languages can't just be grouped into paradigms because languages borrow things and ideas from lots of paradigms.

New paradigms have been created over time, and people either pointed them out at the time, or when looking back. One of the first paradigms that was recognized as a new way of programming was structured programming from the 1960s. The idea of a "programming paradigm" is from 1978 if not earlier, when Robert W. Floyd used it while teaching. The word "paradigm" in the way Robert meant it was first used by Thomas Kuhn in his book, "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions" (1962).

The lowest-level (closest to how the computer likes to understand things) and oldest programming paradigm is machine code, an imperative paradigm. The directions in machine code are just a set of numbers in a certain order. Assembly language is a little bit less low-level (and a little bit less old). In assembly language, the directions for the computer are given mnemonics (easier-to-remember names), and memory addresses (directions to find a piece of information in the computer) can be given names. These are sometimes called first- and second-generation languages.

In the 1960s, assembly languages were made better by adding new things like library COPY, macros (bits of "special" code that got transformed to normal code before the program started running), running procedures (sets of directions given a name and saved for later), and variables (items given names and saved for later) from outside the program. This let people use some code in more than one project, and not have to worry about with hardware-specific problems (problems that only happen one one kind of computer) thanks to commands (names for directions) like READ/WRITE/GET/PUT.

Assembly was, and sometimes still is, used in systems where it is important for the code to be fast, and it is also used a lot in embedded systems because lets the user have exact control of what the machine does.

In the very late 1960s, people started inventing procedural languages. These third-generation languages (the first few of what we now call high-level languages) had words related to what they were trying to solve. For example,

After many people had started using procedural languages, they invented object-oriented programming languages. In these languages, data and its "methods" (ways of manipulating the data) are put in one "object". Some programmers, such as Richard Stallman, do not agree that object-oriented languages are better for explaining ideas to a computer than procedural languages.

Because object-oriented programming is a paradigm, not a language, people have made object oriented assembly languages like HLA (High Level Assembly).

At the same time, some people were making declarative programming languages. A language that is well known for being declarative is SQL (a language for adding and removing things from tables).



Qadiri

The Qadiri or Qadiriyya "tarika" or "tariqah" (Way/Path) is one of the major Sufi orders or schools. It was founded by Hazrat Sheikh Abd al-Qadir al-Gillani a Sufi sage and holy man in Baghdad. 

Suhrawardi

The Suhrawardi or Suhrawardiyya "tarika" (Way/Path) is one of the main Sufi orders or schools. It was founded by the Sufi sage Shahab-ud-din Suhrawardi.

Naqshbandi

The Naqshbandi or Naqshbandiyya "tarika" (Way/Path/School) of Sufism is a mystic order founded by the Sufi sage, Baha-ud-din Naqshband.

Mevlevi

The Mevlevi or Mevleviyya order (whirling dervishes) is a school ("tarika") of Sufism was founded by Hazrat Sheikh "Mevlana" Jalal-ud-din Rumi. He was also sometimes known as Jalal-ud-din Balkhi as he came from Balkh, Afghanistan, and settled in Konya, (modern Turkey). This order is also called the 'Order of the Whirling Dervishes' because of the famous "sema" whirling/dancing ritual that they practice. 

1870 United States Census

The United States Census of 1870 was the ninth United States Census. It was done by the Census Bureau in June 1870. The 1870 Census was the first census to give detailed information on the black population. The population was 38,555,983 individuals. This was a 22.62% increase since 1860. 

1880 United States Census

The United States Census of 1880 was the tenth United States Census. It was done by the Census Bureau during June 1880. It was the first time that women were allowed to be enumerators. The Superintendent of the Census was Francis Amasa Walker.

The 1880 census found the population of the United States to be 50,189,209. This was an increase of 30.2 percent from the 1870 Census.

Frank Yamma

Frank Yamma (born 1960s) is an indigenous Australian musician. He writes and sings songs in both English and Pitjantjatjara, and plays them in a mix of country and folk music. He plays guitar, usually an acoustic. He is often classified as a world musician, mixing styles from many different cultures, including traditional indigenous elements. Yamma's music is about the outback, the history of his homeland and the issues faced by his community.

Frank belongs to the Pitjantjatjara nation. He was born at a waterhole near Kaltukatjara, in the Northern Territory. He has seven older brothers. Frank's father was Isaac Yamma, a country singer who was one of the earliest musicians in Australia to become well known singing Western-style songs in a native language. Frank grew up in Alice Springs and played in a band with his brothers from an early age.

As a teenager, Frank would often play in his father's band, the Pitjantjatjara Country Band. In 1988, he played with them at the Festival of Aboriginal Rock in Darwin. He performed his own music for the first time at another festival in Darwin later that year, playing with an acoustic guitar. His biggest hit, though, was "Make More Spear", written by his father. He played it again at the Port Fairy Folk Festival in Victoria later in the year. In 1989, Yamma recorded an album with a project called "Ulpanyali", released through the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA). The song "History" was the biggest success and was later included in CAAMA's 25-year anniversary compilation album.

Frank's father died in 1990. In that year, he began playing in a band called the Secret Admirers, put together by Bill Davis. They travelled and played around the Northern Territory. They played at the Barunga Festival in Darwin in 1992. In 1995, he recorded songs with Bart Willoughby, Warren Williams and Tiddas. His solo song "Everybody's Talking" was recorded in Sydney for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. In 1997, Yamma recorded an album with a project called "Terrasphere". He also released his first short solo album, "Solid Eagle". Both albums were released through CAAMA.

During the late 1990s, Frank began playing songs with David Bridie, and formed a new project called Digital Dreaming with Jim Lampi, Simon MacDonald and Zeus B. Held. The band produced the album "Inma Wiru" in January 1998. In 1999, Yamma formed the band Piranpa. The name means "white" in Pitjantjatjara, which is a reference to the fact that all the other band members are "whitefellas". They released the album "Playing with Fire" later in the same year. It included their version of Frank's song "Everybody's Talking". "Playing with Fire" won the "album of the year" award at the Indigenous Music Awards in 1999. It also won an award at that year's Deadlys. In the 2000 Summer Olympics, Yamma performed songs from the album as part of the torch events at Uluṟu. The song "Everybody's Talking" was included on the Games' official soundtrack.

Frank recorded a new version of his song "Coolibah" in 2001. It was produced by Bridie for the "Corroboration" compilation. It was a slowed-down version of Frank's original recording. The song is about the problems of alcoholism in Aboriginal communities, and is one of Yamma's most well-known songs. In the middle of 2001, Yamma went overseas to the United States and played solo in several major cities. He returned to Australia to play at the Yeperenye Festival in September 2001.

Yamma currently performs mainly solo or with Bridie. They won an AGSC Screen Music Award together in 2005 for the song "Pitjantjara", which was produced for a television mini-series, "The Alice". Yamma released his second solo album, "Countryman", in 2010.


"Countryman" (2010) - Wantok Music 




1890 United States Census

The Eleventh United States Census was taken June 2, 1890. The total population was found to be 62,947,714. Most of the 1890 census materials were destroyed in a 1921 fire.

The data was tabulated by machine for the first time. Herman Hollerith invented this way of tabulating data. This technology made the time to tabulate the census change from eight years for the 1880 census to one year for the 1890 census.

It showed a total of 248,253 Native Americans living in America, down from 400,764 Native Americans in the 1850 census.

The 1890 census said that the frontier part of the United States no longer existed,

Platonic

Platonic may refer to:

1900 United States Census

The Twelfth United States Census was done by the Census Office on June 1, 1900. It found the population of the United States to be 76,212,168. This was an increase of 21.0 percent from the 1890 Census.


Chishti

The Chishtī Order or Chishtiyya 'is a Sufi order or school within the mystic tradition of Islam. It began in Chisht, a small town near Herat, Afghanistan in about 930 AD. The Order is known for its emphasis on love, tolerance, and openness.

The order was founded by Abu Ishaq Shami ("the Syrian") who taught Sufism in the town of Chisht, some 95 miles east of Herat in present-day western Afghanistan.

The Chishti Order is mostly followed in Afghanistan and South Asia. It was the first of the four main Sufi orders (Chishti, Qadiriyya, Suhrawardiyya and Naqshbandi) to be established in this region. Moin-ud-din Chishti was a medieval saint who first introduced the Chishti Order in Lahore (Punjab) and Ajmer (Rajasthan), in the early or middle of the 12th century AD. From these places it spread out throughout medieval India. There are now several branches of the order, which has been the most prominent South Asian Sufi brotherhood since that time. Chapters and branches are also found as far as Europe, North America and Australia, introduced there by immigrants from present India and Pakistan.

1910 United States Census

The Thirteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau on April 15, 1910. It found the population of the United States to be 92,228,496. This was an increase of 21.0 percent from the 1900 Census.


1920 United States Census

The Fourteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau in January 1920. It found the population of the United States to be 106,021,537. This was an increase of 15.0 percent from the 1910 Census.

1930 United States Census

The Fifteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau in April 1930. It found the population of the United States to be 122,775,046. It was an increase of 13.7 from the 1920 Census.

1940 United States Census

The Sixteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 132,164,569. This was an increase of 7.3 percent from the 1930 population. The census date of record was April 1, 1940.

A number of new questions were asked. These included where people were 5 years before, highest level of education, and information about wages.

Moin-ud-din Chishti

Hazrat Sheikh Khwaja Moin-ud-din Chishti Ajmeri, was born in 1141 and died in 1236 AD. He is also known as "Khwaja Muinuddin Chisti" and "Gharīb Nawāz"" (Benefactor of the Poor). "He is the most famous Sufi saint of the Chishti order of South Asia. Moinuddin Chishti is believed to have introduced and established this Order in India. His shrine is at Ajmer, Rajasthan, India.

The main beliefs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti were achieving oneness with Allah, devotion to the Divine, leading a pure life, showing compassion and charity for the helpless and poor.

David Lean

Sir David Lean (1908–1991) was a British movie director. He was born in Croydon, Surrey. He directed "Dr Zhivago", "Lawrence of Arabia" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai". He died in Limehouse, east London.

Isaac Yamma

Isaac Yamma (1940 – January 1990) was a country singer from central Australia. He was one of the earliest musicians in Australia to become well known singing Western-style songs in an indigenous language. Isaac was a Pitjantjatjara man who was born by a waterhole near Docker River. He started his musical career as a member of a band called Areyonga Desert Tigers. He later formed his own band, the Pitjantjatjara Country Band. It was made up of his sons Hector, Frank, Peter and Paul and his cousin Russell Yamma. His song were mostly sung in Pitjantjatjara.



Bicentenaria

Bicentenaria is a genus of carnivorous coelurosaurian theropods which lived during the early Upper Cretaceous (about 90 million years ago) in what is now Argentina. It contains only the type species, "Bicentenaria argentina". Estimates suggest that it was in length. This name was first reported in June 2012.

The small carnivore is an early relative of the much later giant "Tyrannosaurus".

Elasticity of substitution

Elasticity of substitution is a measure of how easily something is able to be substituted with something else. It is often used in marketing and economics. A product has a low elasticity if it is unable to raise its price because similar products (substitutes) are available. A product that is unique is able to charge higher prices because there are not as many choices. For example, in a fish market, there are many fishermen selling many fish. The price is not elastic because there is competition between many suppliers of fish.

Suicide Silence

Suicide Silence is an American deathcore band from Riverside, California. Suicide Silence has four members in the band; the current band members are Chris Garza, Mark Heylmun, Alex Lopez and Dan Kenny. 

The band was formed in 2002. They released a self-title EP on September 30, 2005 and released their debut album ""The Cleansing"" on September 18, 2007. The band won the Revolver Golden God award for "Best New Talent" in 2009.

On November 1, 2012, the Orange County Coroners Office said that lead singer Mitch Lucker had died from injuries that were caused by a motorcycle accident. In 2013, the band said that Hernan "Eddie" Hermida would become the lead singer for the band. Hermida was the vocalist for All Shall Perish before he joined Suicide Silence.



So far, Suicide Silence have released 5 albums:



Kirklees

Kirklees is a part of West Yorkshire in Northern England. Huddersfield is the largest place.

Helen Hardacre

Helen Hardacre (born May 20, 1949) is an American academic and Japanologist. At Harvard University, she is the Reischauer Professor of Japanese Religions and Society.

Hardacre is the daughter of British historian Paul H. Hardacre. 

Her research was supported by a Gugghenheim fellowship.

Hardacre was Director of the Edwin O. Reischauer Institute of Japanese Studies from 1995 through 1998. 

Her research interests focused on religion in Japan and the history of Japan.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Helen Hardacre, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 30+ works in 80+ publications in 3 languages and 5,000+ library holdings



Shandy

Shandy is a drink made of beer and something else, usually soda or lemonade. It is like a cocktail with beer instead of spirits.

Tjunkaya Tapaya

Tjunkaya Tapaya (born 1947) is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is most recognised for her batik work, and is one of the most well-known batik artists in Australia. Her works also include acrylic paintings, weaving, ceramics, wood carving and printmaking. Most of Tapaya's paintings depict places and events from her family's dreaming stories. Her batik work is of the classic Ernabella style, which eschews the Indonesian use of repeated block printed designs in favour of hand-drawn freehand designs or "walka". These "walka" are pure design and do not refer to, or contain reference to, dreamings or "tjukurpa".

Tjunkaya is a member of the Pitjantjatjara people. She was born in the desert in the far northwest of South Australia. Her mother had walked from Walytjitjata, in the Northern Territory, and arrived at Ernabella Mission at Pukatja or Ernabella shortly after Tjunkaya's birth. Ernabella was run by missionaries at the time, and Tjunkaya grew up there. The craft room at Ernabella Mission was established in 1948 and nurtured the artistic talents of Tjunkaya and other children and adults living on the Mission. The craft room taught spinning and weaving originally but later added batik and painting to its activities, and later still became a professionally run Aboriginal-owned incorporated arts enterprise known as Ernabella Arts after the Mission was closed and the land returned to its traditional Pitjantjatjara owners. 

Like most early artists in her community, Tjunkaya's original style came from "milpatjunanyi" – an ancient Western Desert practice of drawing in the sand to tell stories to children. This is the basis of the classic Ernabella "walka".

Ernabella women began to be taught batik making in 1971. In 1974, Ernabella Arts sent Tjunkaya to Yogyakarta with several other Pitjantjatjara women to learn more about making batik from Indonesian artists.

Tjunkaya's work has been shown in several exhibitions in Australia, Europe, North America and Southeast Asia. Tapaya has work in the National Gallery of Victoria, the State Library of South Australia, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, the National Gallery of Australia, the National Museum of Australia, and the British Museum.

1968 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1968 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1968, and lasted until November 30, 1968. These dates are conventionally the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin.

Three storms formed in June, making it one of the most active Junes on record. The early part of the season had the most activity, and the season ended quietly compared to the beginning. There were eight named storms, and no major hurricanes. This shows that early season activity has no indication on the entire season. Hurricane Gladys was the costliest storm of the season, causing more than $6 million (1968 USD) in damage as it moved northward through Florida, Cuba, and North Carolina.

The following names were used for named storms (tropical storms and hurricanes) that formed in the North Atlantic in 1968.

The list is mostly the same as the 1964 season, save for Candy, Dolly, Edna, Frances, Hannah, and Ingrid, which replaced Cleo, Dora, Ethel, Florence, Hilda, and Isbell (although Ethel, Florence, and Isbell were not retired). A storm was named Candy for the first time in 1968. Names that were not assigned are marked in .

No names were retired this season. However, the name Edna was later retroactively retired because of the Hurricane Edna of the 1954 season, and has not been used since.



Basil Hall Chamberlain

Basil Hall Chamberlain (18 October 1850 – 15 February 1935) was a British academic, editor, translator, and Japanologist. 

Chamberlain is best known as the author of "Things Japanese", which was first published in 1890.

Along with Ernest Mason Satow and William George Aston, Chamberlain was one of three major British Japanologists during the 19th century.

Chamberlain taught at the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in Tokyo from 1874 to 1882. 

He was a professor of Japanese language at Tokyo Imperial University from 1886 to 1911.

In an overview of writings by and about Chamberlain, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 320+ works in 860+ publications in 6 languages and 6,100+ library holdings . 



The Gherkin

30 St Mary Axe is a skyscraper in London's financial district, the City of London. It was formerly named the Swiss Re Building, after Swiss Reinsurance Company. The tower is also known as "The Gherkin". The building was finished in December 2003. It was opened at the end of May 2004. Swiss Re Tower has 41 floors. The tower is tall. It is on the site of the former Baltic Exchange, which was badly damaged in 1992 by the explosion of a bomb by the Provisional IRA.

30 St Mary Axe was designed by Norman Foster and Arup engineers. It was built by Skanska in 2001–2003.

The building has become an iconic symbol of London. It is one of the city's most well known examples of modern architecture.

Pancho Villa

José Doroteo Arango Arámbula (5 June 1878 – 20 July 1923), better known by his nickname Pancho Villa, was a Mexican revolutionary leader who advocated for the poor and wanted agrarian reform. Though he was a killer, a bandit, and a revolutionary leader, many remember him as a folk hero. Pancho Villa was also responsible for a raid on Columbus, New Mexico in 1916, which was the first attack on U.S. soil since 1812. "Pancho" was a revolutionary advocate for the less fortunate.

Villa died in a car crash coming back from a political meeting. He was 45 years old. It is said that his political rival was in charge of crashing the car. He was in a Ford Model 1 when he died. It was dark and he only had 3 bodyguards in the moment.

Order of the Rising Sun

The is a Japanese government honor established in 1875 by Emperor Meiji. The Order was the first national decoration awarded by the Japanese Government, It was created on April 10, 1875 by decree of the Council of State.

The modern version of this honor has been given to non-Japanese recipients beginning in 1981.

The awarding of the Order is administered by the Decoration Bureau of Office of the Prime Minister. It is awarded in the name of the Emperor.

The Order was awarded in nine classes until 2003. Since then, it has been awarded in seven classes.








In 2003, this grade of the Order was abolished.

In 2003, this grade of the Order was abolished.




Marina City

The Marina City was designed in 1959 by architect Bertrand Goldberg and was finished in 1964 at a cost of $36 million to a large extent by the union of building janitors and elevator operators, who wanted to reverse the pattern of white flight from the city's downtown area.

When it was finished, the two towers were both the tallest residential buildings and the tallest reinforced concrete structures in the world. The complex was built as a city within a city, featuring numerous on-site facilities including a theatre, gym, swimming pool, ice rink, bowling alley, several stores, restaurants, and a marina.


Raul Julia

Raúl Rafael Juliá y Arcelay (March 9, 1940 – October 24, 1994) was a Puerto Rican movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is known for his role as Gomez Addams in "The Addams Family" and in "Addams Family Values". He won an Golden Globe Award and an Screen Actors Guild Award in 1994 and an Emmy Award in 1995.

Juliá was born on March 9, 1940 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Fordham University and at Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola. 

Juliá was married to Magda Vasallo from 1965 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Merel Poloway from 1976 until his death in 1994. Juliá died on October 24, 1994 from stomach cancer and from a stroke in Manhasset, New York, aged 54.


Shelley Berman

Sheldon Leonard "Shelley" Berman (February 3, 1925 – September 1, 2017) was an American comedian, movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, writer, teacher, screenwriter, educator, and poet who is known for his roles in "The Steve Allen Show" and in "Divorce American Style". He won a Grammy Award.

Berman was of Jewish descent. He was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois on February 3, 1925. He studied at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. He was married to Sarah Herman since 1947. They had two adopted children, one who died from a brian tumor. 

Berman won the first Grammy Award for a spoken comedy recording. The first standup comedian to perform at Carnegie Hall, Berman appeared on numerous television specials and all of the major variety shows of the day.

Berman died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on September 1, 2017 at his home in Bell Canyon, California at the age of 92.



Ole Kirk Christiansen

Ole Kirk Christiansen (7 April 1891 – 11 March 1958) was the founder of Lego in 1949.

Christiansen was born on 7 April 1891 in Filskov, Denmark. He first worked as a carpenter and later started creating unsuccessful toys for kids in Denmark after his wife's death and had to raise four of his children on his own. He was working as a carpenter until creating Lego in 1949. Christiansen died on 11 March 1958 from a heart attack, aged 66.


Beau Bridges

Lloyd Vernet "Beau" Bridges III (born December 9, 1941) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor and movie director who is known for his role as Frank Baker in "The Fabulous Baker Boys". He has won two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.

Bridges was born on December 9, 1941 in Los Angeles, California to Lloyd Bridges and to Dorothy Simpson. He studied at the University of Hawaii and the University of California, Los Angeles. Bridges was married to Julie Landfield from 1964 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Wendy Treece since 1984. He has 2 children with Landfield and 3 with Treece. His brother is actor Jeff Bridges.


Fred Haise

Fred Wallace Haise, Jr. (born November 14, 1933) is an American engineer and former NASA astronaut. He is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the Moon. Having flown on Apollo 13, Haise was to be the sixth human to walk on the Moon, but the mission did not land due to a failure aboard the spacecraft. He was born on November 14, 1933 in Biloxi, Mississippi.


Gurdjieff

George Ivanovich Gurdjieff (13 January 1866 – 29 October 1949), usually called Gurdjieff, was a Greek- Armenian guru and writer. He was an influential spiritual teacher of the first half of the 20th century. He was influenced by Sufi, Zen and Yoga mystics he met on his early travels.

Gurdjieff taught that most people live their entire lives in a state of hypnotic "waking sleep":

Gurdjieff developed a method for working towards a higher state of consciousness and achieving full human potential. He called this 
"The Work" or "The Method".

Gurdjieff's method for awakening one's consciousness is different from that of the fakir, monk or yogi, so his discipline was called originally the "Fourth Way".

At different times in his life, Gurdjieff started and closed various schools around the world to teach the work. He said that the teachings he brought to the West came from his own experiences and early travels. The teachings expressed the truth found in ancient religions. They were wisdom teachings relating to self-awareness in people's daily lives, and humanity's place in the universe.



There is a 1979 British film, "Meetings with Remarkable Men", directed by Peter Brook. It is based on the book of the same name by Gurdjieff. It was shot on location in Afghanistan (except for dance sequences, which were filmed in England). It starred Terence Stamp as Prince Lubovedsky, and Dragan Maksimovic as the adult Gurdjieff. The film was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival and nominated for the Golden Bear prize.


James Brady

James Scott "Jim" Brady (August 29, 1940 – August 4, 2014) was an American journalist, politician, and activist. He was an assistant to the President and White House Press Secretary under U.S. President Ronald Reagan. 

Brady was born in Centralia, Illinois on August 29, 1940 to Harold J. Brady and to Dorothy (née Davidson). He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Brady became Ronald Reagan's White House Press Secretary in 1981.

Brady was nearly killed a few weeks after becoming Press Secretary. On March 30, 1981 John Hinckley tried to assassinate President Reagan with a gun. Brady was shot in the head and became disabled. 

After Brady's near death, he and his wife, Sarah, became a supporter of gun control. He was also an activist for gun control.

Together with his wife, Sarah, who was Chair of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence (formerly known as Handgun Control, Inc.), co-founded by N.T. Pete Shields, Brady quickly fought for handgun control and assault weapon restrictions. The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, also known simply as "the Brady Bill", was named in his honor.

In 2000, the Press Briefing Room at the White House was renamed after Brady as the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room.

Brady married Sue Beh in 1961. That marriage ended in divorce in 1968. Brady married Sarah, in 1973; the couple had two children, Scott and Melissa.

Brady died on August 4, 2014 in Alexandria, Virginia, aged 73. His death has been said to be a homicide caused by the gunshot wound he received in 1981, about 33 years before.

1950 United States Census

The Seventeenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 150,697,361. This was an increase of 14.5 percent from the 1940 Census.

1960 United States Census

The Eighteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 179,323,175. This was an increase of 18.5 percent from the 1950 Census. 

1970 United States Census

The Nineteenth United States Census done by the Census Bureau. The population of the United States was 203,392,031. This was an increase of 13.4 percent from the 1960 Census.

1980 United States Census

The Twentieth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 226,545,805. It was an increase of 11.4 percent from the 1970 Census.

It was the first census not to ask for the name of the "head of household." About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 1980 census. It had over 100 questions.

1990 United States Census

The Twenty-first United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. The population of the United Stateswas 248,709,873. This was an increase of 9.8 percent from the 1980 Census.

About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 1990 census. It had over 100 questions. It was the first census to have "Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander" as a racial group separate from Asians.

Ann B. Davis

Ann Bradford Davis (May 3, 1926 – June 1, 2014) was an American movie, stage, voice, and television actress. She was known for her role as Alice Nelson, the housekeeper in "The Brady Bunch". Her career began in 1953. She retired in 1997. She won two Emmy Awards in 1957 and in 1959. 

Davis was born on May 3, 1926 in Schenectady, New York. She moved to Erie, Pennsylvania when she was three. She studied at Strong Vincent High School and at the University of Michigan. Davis died on June 1, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas from complications from a fall, aged 88. 


United States census

The United States Census is a census done in the United States every ten years. It is required by the United States Constitution which calls for a decennial census done in years ending in "0" since 1790. It is actually two census counts taken concurrently (at the same time). The first is the census of the population, taken from 1790 to the present. The second is the census of housing, which counts the number of residential housing units, and was taken from 1940 to the present. Among other uses, the count is used to determine how many places in the House of Representatives each state has. It also determines how much government money is spent in different locations. 

The United States Census Bureau is responsible for the United States Census. The first census after the American Revolution was in 1790. Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson was responsible for this first census.


Leonard Maltin

Leonard Maltin (born December 18, 1950) is an American movie critic and historian. He wrote several books on cinema and celebrity biographies. He is known for creating the Walt Disney Treasures collections which is made up of classic Disney cartoons. 

He was raised in Teaneck, New Jersey. He studied at Teaneck High School and at New York University. He was married to Alice Tlusty since 1975. They have one daughter.

In July 2018, Maltin announced that he had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in early 2015.


2020 United States Census

The 2020 United States Census, known as Census 2020, was the twenty-fourth United States Census. National Census Day was on April 1, 2020.

In 2020, the United States population was 331,449,281, a 7.71% increase from the 2010 Census.

The Department of Commerce announced in March 2018 that the 2020 Census will ask if individuals are United States citizens according to a request from the Trump administration. 11 states (Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Washington, California) have said they would sue to block the Trump administration's request.


Jimmy Smits

Jimmy Smits (born July 9, 1955) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Victor Sifuentes in "L.A. Law". He won an Golden Globe Award, an Emmy Award, an Saturn Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Smits was born on July 9, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. He studied at Brooklyn College and at Cornell University. Smits was married to Barbara Smits from 1981 until they divorced in 1987. He was partners with Wanda De Jesus since 1986. With Barbara, he has two children. 

List of United States senators from Connecticut

This is a list of the United States senators from Connecticut.

United States senators are elected for a six-year term. The term begins on January 3. Elections are held the first Tuesday after November 1. Before 1914, senators were chosen by the Connecticut General Assembly. Before 1935, their terms began March 4.

Senators are placed in different classes. This is so both senators for a state are not elected during the same year.

Class 1 senators had elections in 1994, 2000, 2006, and 2012.

Class 3 senators were elected in 1998, 2004, 2010, and 2016.

Interair South Africa

Interair South Africa is an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa. It operates scheduled passenger services from Johannesburg to regional destinations in Africa. Its main base is OR Tambo International Airport, Johannesburg.

Interair South Africa operates services to the following international scheduled destinations at January 2011:

The Interair South Africa fleet includes the following aircraft as of 1 January 2011:


Aligarh Muslim University

The Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) is a major university in the town of Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India. It was originally founded by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan in 1875, as the Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College (better known as MAO College). It became a full university in 1920.

Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII donated 5 Lakh Indian Rupees in the 1930s towards this University.

AMU Journal is an independent educational community and media organization. It is run by students and alumni. It was started in the year 2016 by a group of Aligarh Muslim University students to cover campus activities and raise campus issues. Later it became a media portal and educational community.

AMU Journal relaunched its website on 17 October 2016 via Aligarh Muslim University Public relations officer, Proctor and Deputy in collaboration with University Training and placement office.


Steve Tom

Steve Tom (born September 20, 1953) is an American movie, and television actor. He has guest-starred in a number of television shows including "Major Crimes", "Modern Family", "How I Met Your Mother", "Drake & Josh", "ER", "NYPD Blue", "Sleeper Cell", "Two and a Half Men", "Prison Break", "The West Wing" and other television series. For two seasons, he was in "Funny or Die Presents". 

He also appeared in some movies "The Campaign", "The Guilt Trip", "Seven Pounds", "First Daughter", "Disney's The Kid", "Pulse", "Rendition" and "".

Tom was born on September 20, 1953 in Houston, Texas.

List of U.S. states by GDP

This is a list of U.S. states sorted by their gross state product (GSP). GSP is similar to a country's gross domestic product (GDP). This is an overall measure of the states economy. The United States Bureau of Economic Analysis is responsible for finding this number each year.

Map of U.S.states by nominal GDP in billions USD:

67th Punjabis

The 67th Punjabis were an infantry regiment of the old British Indian Army.

After World War I the Indian government reformed the army in 1922. The 67th Punjabis became the 1st and 10th (Training) Battalions, of the 2nd Punjab Regiment. After independence in 1947 they were one of the regiments allocated to the Indian Army.

Johnny Hardwick

Jonathon David Hardwick Jr. (September 21, 1963 – August 8, 2023) was an American voice actor, comedian, writer and producer, who was known for the voice of Dale Gribble in "King of the Hill".

Hardwick was born on September 21, 1963 in Austin, Texas. He studied at Texas Tech University. Hardwick died at his home in Austin on August 8, 2023 at the age of 64.


Darien, Connecticut

Darien is a rich town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is a small community on Connecticut's "Gold Coast". There were 21,499 people at the 2020 census. Darien was #9 on CNN Money's list of "top-earning towns" in the United States as of 2011.

2nd Punjab Regiment

The 2nd Punjab Regiment was a British Indian Army regiment from 1922 to the partition of India in 1947.

The regiment was formed by the amalgamation of the following regiments:


After the independence and partition of India in August 1947, this regiment became the Punjab Regiment (India).

Weston, Connecticut

Weston is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut. The population was 10,354 at the 2020 census. About 19% of the town's workforce travels to New York City for work.

Like many towns in southwestern Connecticut, Weston is one of the richest communities in the United States. In 2010 the median household income was US$180,321.

Most of Devil's Den Preserve is in the town. It is a nature reserve which gets 40,000 visits a year.

Pakistan Television Corporation

Pakistan Television or the Pakistan Television Corporation (commonly known as PTV) is the official, state-owned television channel of the Government of Pakistan. It was established in 1964. 

PTV

PTV may refer to:


Wawiriya Burton

Wawiriya Burton is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is known for her acrylic paintings. Her paintings are representations of sacred stories from the Dreamtime. Like other Aboriginal artists, the representations are blurred (or encrypted) for cultural reasons. The full meaning of her artworks can only be understood or deciphered by people who have been initiated. Burton is a "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer), so she has more knowledge about sacred traditions than most in her community.

Wawiriya belongs to the Pitjantjatjara. She was born in outback central Australia some time during the 1920s.. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life. Her family lived in her father's homeland, around what is now Pipalyatjara.

Wawiriya lives in Amaṯa, where she began working at the Tjala Arts centre in 2008. Tjala (originally Minymaku Arts) had been set up by the women of the community in 1999. She made wood carvings and baskets from spinifex originally, but later learned to paint from the other women.

Wawiriya's artworks have been displayed in exhibitions in Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth and Alice Springs. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and the Art Gallery of South Australia.

South Hampton Roads

South Hampton Roads is a region of the U.S. state of Virginia. It in the most southeastern part of the state. The area is part of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC MSA (Metropolitan Statistical Area). About 1.7 million people live there. 

Hampton Roads is the common name for the metropolitan area around the body of water of the same name. The land area of Hampton Roads is divided into two regions. These are South Hampton Roads on the south side and the Virginia Peninsula on the north side. People who live there commonly call South Hampton Roads "the Southside". 

As of the 2010 Census, the Hampton Roads MSA is the fifth largest metropolitan area by size in the southeastern United States. It is the second-largest between Washington, D.C. and Atlanta, Georgia.

The decision to call the region "Hampton Roads" was a political one. The area was called "Tidewater" for many years by the people who lived there. The local baseball team was called the Tidewater Tides for years. It is now called the Norfolk Tides. When they first came to Tidewater, they used the popular name to draw more fans.

South Hampton Roads is home to many United States military bases.

Norfolk Naval Shipyard and Naval Medical Center, Portsmouth are in Portsmouth. They are two very important and historic bases. The shipyard was created as the Gosport Shipyard on November 1, 1767. It had the county's first dry dock. The name was changed after the American Civil War. Although it is in Portsmouth, the name Norfolk was chosen because there was another U.S. Navy shipyard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. There are also many smaller bases in Portsmouth.

Norfolk is the home of Naval Station Norfolk. It is the main base for United States Navy's Atlantic Fleet. The base was created in 1917. It is the largest naval facility in the world.

Virginia Beach is home to the Navy's Naval Air Station Oceana (NAS Oceana) and Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek (NAB Little Creek). NAS Oceana is the largest employer in Virginia Beach. Both bases there, like the Norfolk Navy Base, are said to be the largest of their kinds in the world. Also in Virginia Beach is NAVSEA Dam Neck and the home of Joint Expeditionary Base East

St. Julien's Creek Annex is a U.S. Navy base in Chesapeake. It is on the Elizabeth River. It began in 1849. It is currently part of the Norfolk Navy Base. Chesapeake is also home to U.S. Naval Auxiliary Landing Field Fentress. It is used to help support training for NAS Oceana.

From Colonial times through the first 150 years of the United States, South Hampton Roads was almost always changing. Local governments changed mainly because of growth in population. Counties were divided and towns were created as the population grew. Some towns grew to become cities. in 1871, changes were made to the state constitution. One of these changes made all cities in Virginia independent cities of the counties they had been a part of. 

In the second half of the 20th century, many city-county-town local government joined together in South Hampton Roads and on the Virginia Peninsula. Many small towns and cities joined together to create a small number of larger cities. Nowhere else in Virginia have rural areas and more dense cities been combined in this way. The changes caused the area to have Virginia's cities with the largest land areas and the most farming.

The South Hampton Roads region has five independent cities, two counties, and five incorporated towns.





Other settlements in South Hampton Roads no longer exist. No less than 2 shires, 6 counties, 1 town, and 2 entire cities no longer exist in the South Hampton Roads area. 

The following is a listing of these 11 extinct shire, counties, towns, and cities, with the approximate dates they existed: 

Isa

Isa or ISA may refer to:












Gene therapy

Gene therapy means putting in a working gene to a person who has a damaged gene. The European Commission has approved this method for one particular treatment. The treatment by the product "Glybera" uses a virus to infect muscle cells with a working copy of the gene. The European Commission has given "Glybera" marketing authorisation, which means it can be sold throughout the EU.

One in a million people have damaged copies of the lipase gene needed to break down fats. Fat builds up in their blood; this leads to pain and inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis). It is life-threatening. Up to now, the only way to manage the condition is to have a very low-fat diet.

When used in this way, a virus is a vector. That means it is a carrier; the gene has been inserted into the viral genome, and the virus sticks it into the human cells. The technique is called transfection. This technique is different from the gene knockout technique, which does not use a viral vector.

China was the first country to approve the commercial production of a gene therapy, in 2003. That gene therapy is for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC)—a cancer that occurs in 10% of new cancers in China. There are 2.5 million new cancer patients every year in China.

Sold under the brand name "Gendicine", the world's first commercial gene therapy also uses a virus to insert the gene into the human genome.

The possibility of gene therapy was talked about as soon as the roles of DNA and RNA were known about. The first specific publication was in 1972. 

Many more types of gene therapy are in the trial stage. It is clear that a cycle of events will be part of future clinical medicine: DNA sequence analysis > identify defective genes > fix genes with gene therapy or gene knockout. There are sometimes problems of side-effects; these may be discovered at the trial stage. There is now a database which lists all known clinical trials.

Ruby Tjangawa Williamson

Ruby Tjangawa Williamson is a Pitjantjatjara artist from Amaṯa, in central Australia. She makes acrylic paintings and traditional wood carvings, and is one of the most successful artists from the region. Her paintings have attracted critical acclaim for her unusually modern style. Ruby paints sacred stories from the Dreamtime that have morals or lessons from her people's traditional law. She uses the typical style of the Western Desert, but the techniques and imagery are more modern. Her style is said to be experimental.

Ruby is a member of the Pitjantjatjara nation. She was born about 1940, at a sacred site near Kata Ala, Western Australia. She grew up with her family in the bushland along the western side of the border with South Australia. Her family spent most of their time travelling between her father's homeland near Pukara and her mother's around Mantamaru. When Ruby was a teenager, they followed other Pitjantjatjara families to settle at Ernabella, far to the east. Ruby grew up and went to school at the mission there until she got married.

Ruby's husband was a stockman whose family came from what is now Amaṯa, west of Ernabella. After they got married, they moved north to Areyonga, where he worked on the cattle station. They later moved back to his homeland, where he got a job on the Musgrave Park station. They had five children together, before her husband died in his early 40s.

In 1999, the senior women of Amaṯa, including Ruby, founded Minymaku Arts (it is now called Tjala Arts). Ruby began working there herself in 2000. Her first solo exhibitions were in Hobart in 2003 and 2005, and then in Melbourne in 2008. Her artwork has been shown alongside works by other Tjala artists in every major city in Australia. She has also had her work shown in group exhibitions in Singapore and the United States. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Queensland Art Gallery, the National Gallery of Australia, and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory.

Military science

Military science (also military studies) is the science on war, army and military operations.

The general purpose of the military science is to make clear how to win war. The historical root of the military science is the book that was written by Carl von Clausewitz who was a soldier in the Prussian army in the 19th century. In this book, Clausewitz made a discovery that war is an instrument for political act not only a violent action. Clausewitz suggested the relation between policy and war, and made it easy to define the being of the war as the means to enforce our will to the others with physical forces. This realistic view of the war that the political power controls military operations is meeting to the military science. The problem for military scientists is to study how to operate military actions.

Military science has some branches below.
In military science today, there are branches of each kind of military force; the army fights on land, the navy fights in the sea, and the air force fights in the air.

The most basic ideas in military science can be cut down five words; defense, attack, military mean, military aim and political end. In military science, the all form of the battles can be identified with defense and attack. The defense is to destroy enemy attack waiting on own positions, the attack is to destroy enemy going ahead. The result of the battle depends on the amount military means and military aim. Military mean can be called combat power can be followed from the number and quality of military force. Military aim is the specific target to decide how to use military mean with attack or defense. In military science, political end has the idea of the most reason to fight war against enemy. In short, military science generally researches the cause and effects of military operations between attacker and defender in terms of military means and aim, starting from the political end.

In the ancient era, military science started from records on the art of war rather than the science of war. Herodotus and Thucydides wrote the history of the Persian war and Peloponnesian wars. About the same time, Sun Tzu, a strategist in ancient China, wrote "The Art of War". This book showed that war is a serious way for the life and death of nations and surprise is important in the art of war. After the age of the Roman empire, Flavius Vegetius Renatus wrote Roman military theory in his book called "On Military Affairs". Vegetius noted Roman military power was based on discipline, which makes military organizations organized. The Roman way of war that Vegetius recorded had historical influences on military minds of people on Europe for a long time.

However, development of guns and artillery made military revolution that changed the art of war by the beginning of the modern age. Political modernization after religious reform also made important influences to the way of war because states got larger political power to establish modern military forces. The Napoleonic wars was caused by the changes in the way of war. Napoleon Bonaparte, who was one of the most experienced and known generals in military history, made a new idea on how to win wars in the Napoleonic wars. Considering the relations between force, space and time, Napoleon tried to attack the side and back of the enemy forces in battle through strategic movement and tactical surprise. The Napoleonic way of war was to spread out forces by the coming chance of fight, and concentrate forces at the most important time. This made it possible to win wars against the enemy even if his military force was weaker than the enemy force.

In this period, military theory made great progress. Antoine Henri Jomini, who served under Napoleon, wrote Napoleonic art of war as military theory in his "Summary of the Art of War". Jomini said there are few rules in the science of war. Jomini's theory gave reasons on how Napoleon won his wars by keeping the universal rule of war. Clausewitz, who served under Prussia fighting against Napoleon in war, also explained the nature of war through scientific studies on the Napoleonic wars. In his book "On War", Clausewtiz said the nature of war has laws that policy controls military operations in war. He also wrote that the mathematical model called law of number can be used to understand and how many results happen in a fight. In the debate of whether attack or defense was the stronger military action, Clausewitz supported defense because defending forces are able to use positions in a battle.

Napoleonic military theory changed military minds in the Western world in the late 19th century. Dennis Hart Mahan, who was in the United States army, was developed Napoleonic military art in his "Elementary Treatise on Advanced Guard, Outposts, and Detachment Service of Troops" and taught it in military school. Alfred Thayer Mahan, his son, wrote "The Influence of Sea Power Upon History, 1660–1783" and became a naval strategist based on the military theory of Jomini and Clausewitz. In the Prussian army, Helmunth von Moltke lead studies of military theory, and made ideas of "Auftragstaktik" (mission tactics). By Moltke's study, Prussia got theories on how to move forces faster in the field and showed evidence of this theory through victory in the Franco-Prussian War. Alfred von Schlieffen, Prussian general and military theorist, made the plan of a two-front war against France and Russia, using fast strategic movement. In France, Charles J. J. J. Ardant du Picq developed military theory in his "Battle Studies" from the point of mental part of war. Ardnt du Picq thought military action is related to mental situations of military force.

During World War I and World War II, military scientists thought on the nature of total war. In World War I, Germany's general Hindenburg Ludendorff supported the idea of total war, appealing total effort by all nations for war. France's general Ferdinand Foch also said the victory depends on the will of the nation to fight the war. In this war, John Frederick Charles Fuller, who served in British army, found armored warfare important in land operations, because old land tactics could not work under modern firepower. In World War II, the air force started to develop as a military branch like the army and navy. Its military meaning was founded by an Italian soldier Giulio Douhet suggesting the use of strategic bombing to destroy the capital cities and industrial areas, not only the front. From the point of the naval view, aircraft can be used in sea battle with aircraft carriers. Ozawa Jisaburo, who served in Japanese navy, made an idea to put aircraft carriers on the center of naval power.

The end of the World War II in 1945 was the beginning of the Cold War between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. It was necessary for military scientists to consider how to control nuclear weapons that superpowers developed in World War II. The nuclear weapons changed the strategic condition of the possible war. Military theorists had to consider how to avoid nuclear war and how to deal with nuclear strategy. Bernard Brodie, a military scientist in the United States, suggested to change the purpose of the military forces to deterrence from victory in his book "The Absolute Weapons". The idea of deterrence is to control enemy nuclear attack by letting the enemy know his risk of nuclear counterattack. Military science is no longer for military operations, but for the whole of the national security policy. Basil Henry Liddell-Hart, British military strategist, also said the old idea of strategy is narrow to use in nuclear age. His discovery was the idea of strategy can be used in matters of national security. This kind of strategy called grand strategy, or national security strategy spread for military theorists today.


Brian Pimental

Brian Pimental (born in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American veteran animator, storyboard artist, movie director and screenwriter. He's best known for directing the 2006 classic "Bambi II".

Brian started his career at Walt Disney Animation Studios as a trainee in "Oliver & Company". He became a story artist in "Beauty and the Beast" and "Aladdin". Then, he became one of the screenwriters for "A Goofy Movie". He got his first ASIFA award nomination. His second nomination was for "Tarzan".

Pimental first time directing was on "Bambi II". He won the ASIFA award for best non-theatrical movie. In the movie, he also made the voices for the Groundhog and Porcupine. "Bambi II" received mixed to positive reviews. It has a rating of 60% in Rotten Tomatoes and an overall rating of 6.5 out of 10 in IMDb.

Brian was born in Massachusetts. He earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree at the California Institute of the Arts.

Pituitary adenoma

Pituitary adenomas are tumors that occur in the pituitary gland. Pituitary tumors are generally divided into three kinds dependant upon their biological functioning: benign adenoma, invasive adenoma or carcinomas, with carcinomas accounting for 0.1% to 0.2%, appoximately 35% being invasive adenomas and most being benign adenomas. Pituitary adenomas represent from 10% to 25% of all brain tumors and is thought to happen in about 17% to 25% of most people.

Non-invasive and non-secreting pituitary adenomas are considered to be benign [harmless]; but a recent large study (Fernández-Balsells, "et al." 2011) has shown there are few studies to prove if this is true or not.

Adenomas that are bigger than are called "macroadenomas", and those smaller than 10 mm are called "microadenomas". Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas. Most pituitary microadenomas often remain undiagnosed and those that are diagnosed are often found as an "incidental finding" [which means found by chance], and are called "incidentalomas".

Invasive adenomas may invade the dura mater, cranial bone, or sphenoid bone. It used to be thought that clinically active pituitary adenomas were rare but recent studies have suggested that they may affect about one in 1000 of the general population.

Skull bossing

Skull bossing is when the bones of the skull become bigger than normal which most often occurs in the frontal bones beneath the forehead. Skull bossing may happen from different medical conditions.

Frontal bossing is when the forehead becomes bigger than normal which may also make the brow ridge stick out more. It happens when the frontal bone becomes bigger because of a medical condition. This often happens when other facial bones of the skull become bigger too, as well as the jaw bone and the bones in the hands and feet. Frontal bossing is usually seen in a few rare medical syndromes such as acromegaly - a chronic medical disorder in which the anterior pituitary gland makes to much growth hormone (GH).

Turricephaly often called "tower skull", may be caused by different medical conditions. In some cases such as Apert and Pfeiffer syndromes, it is caused when sutures in the skull close before they are supposed to.

Turricephaly is also one of the most common problems which affect the bones of the face and skull in those with Sickle-cell disease.


List of suicide crisis lines

Suicide crisis lines are telephone numbers that a person can call if they feel like killing or hurting themselves.

There have been studies in the United States and Australia which show that suicide crisis lines may help people who feel like killing or hurting themselves and may make them feel better.

One of the first of these "hotlines" was the Samaritans, created in 1953 by Chad Varah in the United Kingdom, who managed the church in London which at that time was called St. Steven's Church. He believed there should be a place where people can listen to visitors and callers who thought about killing themselves, and help them feel better. He had this idea after giving a speech to help comfort the family and friends of a 13-year-old girl. Before her death, the girl was extremely worried and had nobody to talk to.

The Trevor Project

The Trevor Project is an American nonprofit group started in 1998. It offers help to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) young people who may be thinking of killing or hurting themselves. They have a telephone number which is free to call for help and someone to talk to.

988 Suicide &amp; Crisis Lifeline

The 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline is a network of help centers in the United States. It tries to stop people from hurting themselves or committing suicide, and help them through counselling. It is made up of 159 crisis centers in the United States. It has a 24-hour telephone number that is free to call for people who feel like killing themselves or have big problems that they need to talk about with someone. After dialing 9-8-8, the person calling is connected to their nearest crisis center to get immediate counseling and referrals to local mental health services. The Lifeline supports people who call for themselves or someone they care about.

Kids Help Phone

Kids Help Phone (), is a Canadian service for children and young people. It provides counselling and information on the phone and the internet to children who may have problems that they need to talk about with someone. The telephone number is free to call or the person may leave a post on the Kids Help Phone website. 

As a charity Kids Help phone relies on the support of community-based volunteers and individual and corporate donors for financial support.

John Glover

John Soursby Glover, Jr. (born August 7, 1944) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "RoboCop 2", "Scrooged", "Batman & Robin", "", and in his television role as Lionel Luther in "Smallville". He won an Tony Award in 1995.

Glover was born in Kingston, New York on August 7, 1944. He was raised in Salisbury, Maryland. Glover studied at Wicomico High School and at Towson University. Glover is openly gay. He is partners with Adam Kurtzman since 1993.


The Jed Foundation

The Jed Foundation is a non-profit organization working to reduce the rate of suicide and emotional distress among college students. It is the largest such effort in the United States. It works with the government program, Suicide Prevention Resource Center, to develop and spread suicide prevention strategies. 

The Jed Foundation was founded in 2000 by Donna and Phil Satow. Their son Jed, a second year student at the University of Arizona, ended his life after struggling with college life. The organization works with the Suicide Prevention Resource Center, set up in 2002 by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Frontal bone

The frontal bone or " os frontis "is a bone in the front of the human skull. The biggest part of the frontal bone is under the forehead. The name comes from the Latin word "frons" (meaning "forehead"). It bone is made up of three joined parts.

The illustration below shows the browridges which protected the Neanderthal face.

Acromegaly

Acromegaly is a medical condition that happens when the anterior (rear) pituitary gland makes too much growth hormone (GH), after a person has passed puberty. If this happens before puberty it causes a condition known as gigantism. A number of medical conditions may cause the pituitary gland to make too much growth hormone, but the most common cause is a tumor on the pituitary gland called a pituitary adenoma'

Acromegaly is most commonly diagnosed in middle aged adults, and can result in severe disfigurement, serious complicating conditions, and early death if not treated. Acromegaly is hard to diagnose when it is just beginning. It is usually not found until 10–12 years after it starts. This is when it causes changes in the way a person looks, especially their face.


Nathan Lane

Nathan Lane (born Joseph Lane, February 3, 1956) is an American actor and writer. He is known for voicing Timon in "The Lion King" (1994). He won three Tony Awards, an Screen Actors Guild Award, an Emmy Award, and an Drama Desk Award.

In television, he is known for his roles in "Modern Family", "The Good Wife" and "".

Lane won three Tony Awards for his stage roles in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", "The Producers" and for "Angels in America".

Lane was born on February 3, 1956 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He studied at St. Peter's Preparatory High School. He is openly gay. In 2015, Lane married Devlin Elliott.


Tara Strong

Tara Lyn Strong (born Tara Lyn CharenDoff born February 12, 1973) is a Canadian-American actress and voice actress. She is known for her role as Ben Tennyson from "Ben 10", Twilight Sparkle from "My Little Pony", Timmy Turner from "The Fairly OddParents", Daizy from "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", Switch from "Baby Shark's Big Show!", Speak from "Eckhart", Bingo from "Camp Lazlo", Hima ShinYu from "Lavender Castle Revolution", Princess Unikitty from "Unikitty!", Tiny from "Ashi Pets", Gloria from "Curious Minds", Candy Needlemeyer from "The Amazing World of Gumball", Princess Connie Pintincia from "CyberAdult Girls", Anna Vokqushi from "Wattu Academy", Princess Ruko Lutein from "Atlantis Forest" and Dil from "Rugrats".

Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario. Her father, who is Protestant, is from Scotland. Her mother who is Jewish, is from Britain of Russian descent.

She is fluent in English, Hebrew, Russian, and Scottish.

She is married to Craig Strong since 2000. They have two sons: Sammy (born 2002) and Aden (born 2004).


Ryan O'Neal

Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal, Jr. (April 20, 1941 – December 8, 2023) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles "Paper Moon", "Barry Lyndon", "A Bridge Too Far", and in "A Love Story".

O'Neal was born on April 20, 1941 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at University High School.

O'Neal was married to Joanna Cook Moore from 1963 until they divorced in 1966. Then he was married to Leigh Taylor-Young from 1967 until they divorced in 1973. He never married Farrah Fawcett. They lived together from 1979 until they split in 1997. They rekindled their relationship in 2001. Until her death from rare form of anal cancer in 2009. They had a son together Redman O’Neal. He had four children, including Tatum O'Neal. He lived in Malibu, California.

O'Neal died on December 8, 2023 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California from congestive heart failure caused by cardiomyopathy at the age of 82.


Prognathism

Prognathism describes when part or all of the face sticks out more than normal. Humans have "orthognathic" faces. That means the faces is more or less vertical. Most other primates have prognathic faces: their jaws stick out in front of the top part of the head. 



Skin tag

A skin tag is a small growth on the skin that is usually benign (harmless). It may have a short narrow stalk which connects it to the skin. They are usually small but may grow up to a half-inch long.

Skin tags are usually harmless and do not need treatment. A person may decide to have a skin tag removed if it is irritating them or they do not like the way it looks. If so the skin tag may be removed by:


Hyperhidrosis

Hyperhidrosis is a medical condition in which a person sweats too much. It is often caused by overactive sweat glands. People with hyperhidrosis may sweat even when it is cool and they are at rest. The sweat glands on any area of the human body can be affected by hyperhidrosis but it is usually happens more often in the sweat glands of the palms of the hand, the soles of the feet and the armpits.

Hemoglobin Lepore syndrome

Hemoglobin Lepore syndrome (Hb Lepore) is a kind of blood disorder that is caused by a genetic mutation. It was first found in an Italian-American family named Lepore. When a genetic mutation runs in families it is known as a trait.

The Hb Lepore trait is found worldwide and may affect people of various races, however the three main kinds of Hb Lepore, usually affects Caucasians of the Southern regions of Central and Eastern Europe.

There are three main kinds of Hb Lepore are named for the areas they were first found in, with various subtypes, the three main kinds are:

Silent stroke

A silent stroke is a kind of stroke that does not cause symptoms that can be seen in a major stroke such as slurred speech. A person who has had a silent stroke usually does not know it. A silent stroke still causes damage to the brain, and places the person at increased risk for both transient ischemic attack and major stroke in the future.

These strokes are called "silent" because they typically happen in parts of the brain that do not cause problems that can be seen like those in a major stroke. A silent stroke usually happens in parts of the brain that control different thought processes, mood regulation and cognitive functions and is a leading cause of vascular cognitive impairment and may also lead to a loss of urinary bladder control.

In a big study in 1998, more than 11 million people were thought to have had a stroke in the United States. About 770,000 of these strokes had symptoms which could be seen and 11 million were first-ever silent strokes. Silent strokes usually cause lesions which are found by the use of neuroimaging such as MRI.

There is more of chance of older people having a silent stroke but it may also happen to younger adults. Women appear to be at higher risk for silent stroke, with hypertension and current cigarette smoking being some of the reasons.

These types of strokes include lacunar and other ischemic strokes and minor hemorrhages. They may also include leukoaraiosis (changes in the white matter of the brain): the white matter is more susceptible to vascular blockage because it has less blood vessels than the cerebral cortex.

In the Cardiovascular Health Study, a study used 3,660 adults over the age of 65, 31% showed evidence of silent stroke in neuroimaging studies using MRI. These people did not know they had a stroke. It is thought that silent strokes are five times more common than strokes that have symptoms.

A silent stroke is different than a transient ischemic attack (TIA). In TIA the symptoms can be seen and may last from a few minutes to 24 hours before getting better. If a person has a TIA there is a bigger chance they may have a major stroke and silent strokes in the future.



Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood

Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood (BPVC for short) is a medical problem that happens in children. "Benign" means "harmless;" "paroxysmal" means something comes and goes suddenly; and "vertigo" means "dizziness." So BPVC is harmless dizziness in children that comes and goes suddenly.

The dizziness usually makes children feel like they are moving or spinning, or that the inside of their head is moving or spinning.

Usually, BPVC starts in children between two and five years old. It often goes away by the age of eight. But in some children, BPVC may start when they are much younger (as young as a few months old) or older (as old as 12 years old). 

BPVC is the most common cause of dizziness in children who do not have hearing loss or a diagnosed ear disease. It is a common problem that happens to about 2.6% of children (26 out of 1,000 children).
Doctors don't know for sure what causes BPVC. Some doctors think it is related to problems of the inner ear that affect balance. For example, some doctors think BPVC is similar to a different disorder which often happens in adults over 50. This disorder is called "benign paroxysmal positional vertigo" (BPPV). BPPV is a "vestibular disorder" - a disorder in the inner ear which affects balance. 

Other doctors believe BPVC is related to migraine headaches, but most children with BPVC do not get headaches.


For a doctor to diagnose Benign Paroxysmal Vertigo of Childhood, all of these things must be true:
"Differential diagnoses" are different medical disorders which may cause the same symptoms. When a doctor asks what the differential diagnoses for BPVC are, she is asking "what other disease could cause these symptoms? What else could this be?" Before a doctor makes a final diagnosis, they must think of what other medical conditions have the same or similar symptoms, and make sure one of them is not the problem.

Some of the differential diagnoses for BPVC are:

Mangaka

Mangaka (漫画家?) is the Japanese word for a comic artist or cartoonist. Outside of Japan, manga usually means a Japanese comic book. Mangaka means the author of the manga, who is usually Japanese.

Some artists may study at an art college, manga school, or take on an apprenticeship with another mangaka. They then enter the world of manga as a professional artist. However, there are some artists that just start in manga. One way to do this is by applying to contests that magazines run. For example, Naoko Takeuchi, author of "Sailor Moon", won such a contest sponsored by Kodansha. Osamu Tezuka, creator of "Astro Boy", began his career without being an assistant.

Menstrual migraine

Menstrual migraine (also called "catamenial migraine") is term used to describe both "true menstrual migraines" and "menstrually related migraines". About 7%-14% of women have migraines only at the time of menstruation, these are called "true menstrual migraines". Most female migraneurs experience migraine attacks throughout the menstruation cycle with an increased number at the time of menstruation. These are called "menstrually related" or "menstrually triggered migraine".

It used to believed that treatments for migraine would work in menstrual migraine but that has not proven to be the case. Menstrual migraines are now considered a separate medical disorder from migraine. In 2008, menstrual migraines were given ICD-9 codes (346.4-346.43) of their own which separate menstrual migraine from other types of migraine.

About 40% of women and 20% of men will get a migraine at sometime in their life. Most of them will get their first migraine before they are 35-years-old. Menstrual-related migraines happen in more than 50% of women who have migraine headaches.

Menstrual migraine attacks usually last longer than other migraine attacks, and short-term treatments do not work as well with menstrual migraine as they do in other kinds of migraine. They are usually migraines without aura, but in 2012 a case of menstrual migraine with aura was reported, so it is possible. Auras are a kind of condition which affect certain parts of the brain, usually the parts that control vision but they can also affect the parts of the brain which control the other senses like touch, motor control (moving parts of the body) and the parts of the brain that control speech.
Warning symptoms also called "prodrome symptoms" often happen before a migraine attack.

A pounding throbbing headache with the pain being on one side of the head (unilateral). The side of the head that has the pain changes from one headache to the next.

The diagnosis of a menstrual migraine is made by keeping track of when the migraines occur for a period of at least three months. Menstrually related migraine attacks occur usually between 2 days before and 3 days after the start of menstruation in at least 2 out of 3 menstrual cycles (periods) in a row. Pure menstrual migraine and menstrually related migraine are both migraines without auras with one exceptionally rare case with aura reported in 2012.

The "Menstrual Migraine Assesment Tool" is a simple questionnaire with three questions, that has shown to be fairly accurate in diagnosing menstrual migraine. The three questions are:


The answer to the first question has to be yes and there has to be at least one yes answer to either question 2 or question 3.

In order to keep track of what time of the month the migraines happen it is helpful to use a "headache diary". A person uses the headache diary to write down information about their headaches, like when they started, what kind of symptoms they had and how bad the pain was etc.
Often, having one medical condition makes it more likely a person will also have one or more other medical or psychiatric disorders. These other disorders are the "comorbid disorders" or "comorbidities". There are various comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions associated with migraines. The treatment and "prognosis" (if a disease gets better, worse or stays the same over time) of migraine is affected by the comorbid disorders which may be present and/or the chance of getting comorbid disorders.<br>

Comorbid psychiatric conditions

There are treatments which are used for menstrual migraines which may reduce how many times a woman gets them and how bad they are. This kind of treatment is called "prophylactic therapy" and it is used in the perimenstrual period which is the time between periods.

Prophylactic therapy for menstrual migraine should be tried for at least 3 menstruation cycles to see if that works before it is stopped. Medications used may include:
1. Napraxen sodium such as Aleve

"Acute treatments" (short-term treatment) include Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs that help stop "inflammation" which is redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, heat in parts of the body, triptans such as "Frovatriptan", ergotomines which are a kind of drug made from a fungus called ergot, and estrogen transdermal patches, which are worn on the skin.

The exact causes of menstrual migraine are not known for sure but there is a link between falling levels of the female hormone "estrogen" and the onset of a migraine attack. The estrogen level may fall after bleeding occurs during the menstrual cycle or when external sources of estrogen are no longer taken, like when a woman stops taking birth control pills or hormone pills in hormone replacement therapy.


Kari Wahlgren

Kari K. Wahlgren (born July 13, 1977) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for her role as Tigress in "Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness" notable roles in Nickelodeon, Disney, Cartoon Network from various. She has done voices for many video games. Wahlgren was born in Hoisington, Kansas.


Paul Fussell

Paul Fussell (March 22, 1924 – May 23, 2012) was an American cultural and literary historian, author, writer, and university professor.

Fussell was born in Pasadena, California on March 22, 1924. He was the second of three children. His father, Paul Fussell (1895–1973), son of a widowed schoolteacher, became a corporate lawyer in Los Angeles with the firm of O’Melveny & Myers. His mother, Wilhma Wilson Sill (1893–1971), was the daughter of a carriage trimmer in Illinois.

His brother, Edwin Sill Fussell, was an author, poet, and professor of American Studies at the University of California, San Diego. His sister Florence Fussell Lind lives in Berkeley, California.

Fussell studied at Pomona College and at Harvard University. After he graduated, he served in World War II from 1943 until a year after the war ended in 1946. He was awarded a Bronze Star Medal and a Purple Heart. After the war, he taught at Connecticut College (1951–55) before moving to Rutgers University in 1955 and finally the University of Pennsylvania in 1983. He also taught at the University of Heidelberg (1957–58) and at King’s College London (1990–92).

He was married to Betty Fussell in 1949. The couple had two children, and divorced in 1981. He later was married to Harriette Behringer until his death in 2012. On May 23, 2012, Fussell died in Portland, Oregon of Parkinson's disease at age 88.

Fussell's 1975 book "The Great War" and "Modern Memory" won the National Book Award in category Arts and Letters, the National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism, and the Ralph Waldo Emerson Award of Phi Beta Kappa. It was ranked number 75 in the Modern Library Board's List of the 100 Best Nonfiction Books of the Twentieth Century.

In 1977, Fussell was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. He won the 2005 Hessell-Tiltman Prize for The Boys' Crusade. Fussell was one of the veterans interviewed in the 2007 Ken Burns and Lynn Novick documentary "The War", and in the 1999 ABC-produced documentary "The Century: America's Time".


Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen

Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is 2009 live-action sequel to Transformers. It was directed by Michael Bay and written by Roberto Orci, Ehren Kruger, and Alex Kurtzman. It stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky.

The movie grossed a total of $402 million in North America and $836 million worldwide. It was the second most successful movie of 2009, behind "Avatar".

The movie was nominated for Best Sound Mixing. The movie won five Scream Awards and two Teen Choice Awards. "Revenge of the Fallen" was also nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Science Fiction Film.

It was nominated for seven Razzie Awards. It won three: for the Worst Picture, Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay.

The movie has a sequel, .

In 17,000 B.C., ancient Transformers gather their energy from stars. One of them, called The Fallen, tries to harvest energy from our sun and is defeated by the others. In 2009, a piece of the Allspark, an extremely powerful cube, is used to bring Megatron back to life. Sam Witwicky is going to college, and is being hunted by evil robots, called Decepticons because he has secret knowledge about The Fallen. The good robots, called the Autobots try to protect Sam because if the Decepticons capture him it could lead to the end of the world. The conflict causes the leader of the Autobots, known as Optimus Prime, to be killed in a fight to keep Sam safe. Sam meets an extremely old Transformer who takes him to Egypt, where the device to get energy from the sun is located. He finds an object there, The Matrix of Leadership, which is used to bring Optimus Prime back to life. Optimus Prime and the other Autobots fight the Decepticons, and Optimus Prime kills The Fallen, stopping him from activating the device to take energy from our sun. The Decepticons retreat and Sam returns to college.


Army Burn Hall College

Army Burn Hall College (ABHC) formerly Burn Hall School is a school and college in Abbottabad, Pakistan. In 1948, a year after Pakistan gained independence from the British Empire, a few missionary fathers moved to Abbottabad with a handful of students, from Srinagar, Kashmir, where the original school was, and founded a branch here. Between 1948 and 1977, the school was run by these missionary fathers and supervised by the Board of Education of the Rawalpindi Diocese of the Church of Pakistan. However, in 1977 the fathers were forcibly evicted by the Pakistan Army which took over the institution. They made several changes to the school and its spirit and mode of education, gradually bringing it into line with their own goals and objectives. Since 1990-1991, it is no longer a proper public school along the English model but a military-style graduate college, with separate branches for boys and girls. 

Rabia Basri

Rābia al-Adawiyya al-Qaysiyya (; 717 – 801 AD) was a female Muslim saint and Sufi mystic. She was born in Basra, and is therefore also called Rābia al-Basrī ().

She was the fourth daughter of her family and therefore named Rābi’a, meaning "fourth". Her family was very poor. She was very devoted to God. When Rābia's father died, she became an orphan. She was captured by thieves and sold into slavery. During the day, she worked for her master. During the night, she prayed to God. Once her master learned about her passionate faith, he immediately released her. He decided to serve her instead.

Rābia became an ascetic. Over time, many came to follow her. Even though Rābia did many favors for them and lived in poverty and hardship, she is said to have never asked for anything, even from God.

The name Rābia is used to describe women of the highest type of spirituality. She is considered one of the most devoted Sufi saints. She is highly revered.

2011 Green Bay Packers season

The 2011 Green Bay Packers season was the franchise's 91st season in the National Football League, the 93rd season overall and the sixth under head coach Mike McCarthy.

They were the defending Super Bowl 45 champions after they won against the Steelers 31-25. They not only improved from their 10-6 record but also became the sixth team to win at least 15 games. Like the 2009 Saints, 2005 Colts, and the 1998 Broncos, they won the first 13 games of the season and lost the next game. The 2009 Saints and the 1998 Broncos won their Super Bowls at that time.

Even though they had a 15-1 record, they did not repeat, because they lost to the New York Giants 37-20 in the divisional rounds.

After finishing the 2010 regular season with a 10–6 record, the Packers went 4–0 in the postseason en route to winning Super Bowl XLV. As a result, the Packers received the final selection (32nd) in the first round of the 2011 NFL Draft.





The Packers started their 2011 season by taking on the Saints, the Super Bowl 44 champions. Randall Cobb not only caught his first career touchdown pass in the first quarter, but also returned a kickoff 108 yards for a touchdown. Aaron Rodgers has completed 27 of 35 pass attempts for 312 yards, 3 touchdown passes, no interceptions, and a passer rating of 132.1. With the Packers win, they began 1-0.

Thanksgiving Classic
In a close win 38-35, the Packers improved to 12-0 as Mason Crosby kicked a game winning field goal with 3 seconds left.

The Chiefs stopped the Packers perfect season run in an upset win for Kansas City, making the Packers fall to 13-1.

Christmas Day
Aaron Rodgers was not playing in the game, as he was rested. Brad Jones restrained a fan running on the field during the game.

Stats correct through week 17.



QB Aaron Rodgers was named AP Most Valuable Player






A Goofy Movie

A Goofy Movie is a 1995 American animated musical comedy movie. It was released in theaters on April 7, 1995 by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie has characters from The Disney Afternoon television series "Goof Troop".

A direct-to-video sequel called "An Extremely Goofy Movie" was released in 2000.

It was originally going to come out in November 1994 but was delayed to 1995.


Additionally, Dante Basco, Sheryl Bernstein, Corey Burton, Pat Carroll, E. G. Daily, Carole Holliday, Jay Leno, Steve Moore, Patrick Pinney, Brian Pimental, Phil Proctor and Jason Willinger provide additional voices.

Doug's 1st Movie

Doug's 1st Movie (also known as The First Doug Movie Ever) is a 1999 animated movie. It is the Disney version of the Nickelodeon television series "Doug". It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 26, 1999.


The Tigger Movie

The Tigger Movie is a 2000 American-Japanese animated musical comedy-drama movie adapted from A. A. Milne's funny stories. It is part of the "Winnie-the-Pooh" series. The movie has Pooh's friend Tigger in a search for his family tree and other Tiggers like himself.


The movie was nominated for many awards in 2000 including the following:



It was also given an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Award.

Daniel Baldwin

Daniel Leroy Baldwin (born October 5, 1960) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, movie producer and movie director who is known for being the brother of Alec Baldwin, Stephen Baldwin, and William Baldwin. He is also known for his roles in "" (1992), "Mulholland Falls" (1996), "Vampires" (1998), "The Pandora Project" (1998), "Stealing Candy (2002), "Paparazzi" (2004), and "Grey Gardens (2009).

Baldwin was born on October 5, 1960 in Massapequa, New York. He studied at from Alfred G. Berner High School and at McKenna Junior High School.


Qateel Shifai

Qateel Shifai (real name Aurangzeb) (24 December 1919 - 11 July 2001) () was a Pakistani Urdu poet of controversial reputation and work.

Qateel Shifai was born in Haripur, Hazara Division, British India (now Pakistan). He adopted 'Qateel Shifai' as his pen name in 1938. Due to his father's early death, Qateel was forced to quit his education. Being unsuccessful in his business he decided to move to Rawalpindi, where he started working for a transport company. In 1946, he was called to Lahore to work as the assistant editor of the monthly 'Adab-e-Latif', a literary magazine.

In January 1947, Qateel was asked to help write the songs of a film by a Lahore-based film producer. The first film he helped penned the lyrics for was "Teri Yaad". After that there was no looking back and initially, after working for some time as assistant lyricist to some of the famous poets/lyricists of the time (c.1947-48 to 1956-57), he eventually became a regular full-time film lyricist. Shifai wrote several collections of his poetry but is best known for being a film lyricist. During the 1970s and 1980s, quite some controversy developed regarding his 'misappropriation' of a couple of old poems, which had been adapted as film lyrics/songs in the movie "Gumnaam" (1954). It was later proved that this song, 'Tu lakh chale ri gori thum thum ke', was not Shifai's work and he had to retract his earlier claim and also remove it from a proposed collection of poems and songs he had planned to publish.

Later on after the late 1980s, Shifai settled down to a full-time career in the film industry and also produced new volumes of poems and songs, which were considered good. A few of these were also awarded literary prizes. However, even then, the rumors and criticism of his work and talent never wholly died out and he remained a somewhat dubious figure until the end of his career.

Shifai died in Lahore in July 2001.


Adventure Time

Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network. Finn, Jake and BMO live in the Super Adventure Land of Ooo, which is a nation of an overworld version of Earth that has been nearly destroyed by the Great Mushroom War.


Btrfs

Btrfs (B-tree filesystem) is a filesystem for Linux. It is currently considered beta (unfinished) software, but is reasonably feature complete and the on-disk format is finalized. It has many features that ext4 lacked, such spreading one filesystem over multiple hard drives (RAID), and transparent compression, which compresses files without the user having to decompress them manually.

Flugelhorn

A Flügelhorn is a musical instrument, a part of the brass family. It looks similar to the trumpet but the tubing is wider and more conical. It is pitched in Bb like trumpets and cornets. It can have three piston valves like a trumpet, or rotary valves like a French horn. It has been described as being a bugle with valves. The sound is more mellow, not as harsh as a trumpet.

The instrument was developed from German hunting horns, and became popular in brass bands in the 1850's. Performers such as Miles Davis have used the Flügelhorn in jazz recordings.

Loïc Vadelorge

Loïc Vadelorge (born 26 November 1964) is a French historian, teacher of at the Paris 13 University and former teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" (1998 to 2009) and at the University of Rouen from 1992 to 1994.

He obtained a PhD in 1996. Member of the Research Centre Economies, Societies, Cultures, his research focuses on the history of cultural policies, the history of cities and equipment.


Maringka Baker

Maringka Baker is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She lives in the Pitjantjatjara community of Kaṉpi, South Australia, and paints for Tjungu Palya, based in nearby Nyapaṟi. Maringka paints sacred stories from her family's Dreaming (spirituality). As well as the important cultural meanings they carry, her paintings are known for being rich in colour and contrast. She often paints the desert landscape in bright green colours, and contrasts it against reds and ochres to depict landforms. She also uses layers of contrasting colours to show the detail of the desert in full bloom.

Maringka was born in outback Western Australia around 1952. She was born at Kaliumpil, an old ceremonial and camping site on the Ngaanyatjarra lands. Her mother and father died when she was a young girl, and Maringka was brought up by Anmanari Brown and her other relatives. She went to primary school on the mission at Warburton, but ran away to join relatives in Ernabella. She later moved to Kaltjiti, where she finished high school and got a job as a teacher.

In the late 1960s, Maringka married a man from Papulankutja. They had a daughter, Elaine, in 1969. Maringka's husband died while Elaine was still a baby. Maringka became a health worker and she moved with her daughter to Irrunytju to work in the local clinic. In the 1980s, Maringka married Douglas Baker (nephew of Jimmy Baker), and they moved back east to live at Kaṉpi.

Maringka began painting in 2004. She paints for Tjungu Palya, a community arts centre based in nearby Nyapaṟi. She has become one of the centre's most well-known painters. Since 2005, Maringka's work has been exhibited in many cities around Australia, including Adelaide, Alice Springs, Broome, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. Overseas, her work has been shown in exhibitions in Singapore, Seattle and London. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Australian National University, and the National Gallery of Victoria.

In 2007, Maringka was one of thirty artists featured in the first National Indigenous Art Triennial exhibition "Culture Warriors". It showed four of her paintings: "Anmangunga" (2006), "Kata Ala" (2006), "Ngura Mankurpa" (2006), and "Kuru Ala" (2007). The last of these, "Kuru Ala", is a depiction of a sacred women's site near Tjuntjuntjara that is associated with the creation story of the Seven Sisters (called Kungkarrakalpa in Pitjantjatjara). It was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2009, and is displayed in the National Gallery in Canberra.


James Sloyan

James Sloyan (born February 20, 1940 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American actor. He has acted in the television shows "Star Trek" and "Hawaii 5-O". He acted in the movie "The Sting". He has also acted in soap operas.

Sloyan is married and has two children, Daniel and Samantha. In 1957, he received a scholarship to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He is married to actress Deirdre Lanihan.

Burn Hall Srinagar

Burn Hall Srinagar or Burn Hall School Srinagar or sometimes New Burn Hall School, Srinagar is an English-style public school in Srinagar, Kashmir. It was originally established at Baramula, nearby, in the early 1930s by British missionaries. In 1947, India and Pakistan obtained freedom from the British Raj and split up; and at the time, the school also divided into two branches. The original school, shifted from Baramula to Srinagar where it still exists. On the other hand, a branch that was opened as the 'Burn Hall School' in Abbottabad, Pakistan, was taken over by the Pakistan Army. That is now called Army Burn Hall College. 

Farid-ud-din Attar

Abū Hamīd bin Abū Bakr Ibrāhīm better known by his pen-name Farīd-ud-dīn Attār (i.e. 'Farid-ud-din the perfumer'), was a Persian poet, Sufi and Muslim theoretician. Little is known about his life and he was probably born in Nishapur, Persia, sometime in the 1140s. He died in 1220 AD. His most famous works are his long allegorical poem, "Mantiq at -Tayr" (The Conference of Birds) and his account of the lives of many Sufi saints, the "Tazkirat el Auliya", but there is no actual and official proof that it was his book. There is a dispute among religious scholars that this books js just attributed to him.

Lionel Logue

Lionel George Logue (26 February 1880 – 12 April 1953) was an Australian speech therapist, scientist, and stage actor who successfully treated King George VI, who had a pronounced stammer.

Lionel George Logue was born in College Town, Adelaide, South Australia on 26 February 1880. Logue was married to Myrtle Gruenert from 1907 until her death in 1945. They had three children.

Before he ascended the throne, Albert, Duke of York hated public speaking because he suffered from a severe stammer. His closing speech at the British Empire Exhibition at Wembley on 31 October 1925 proved that the speaker and listeners alike. The experience left the Duke resolved to find a way to manage his stammer, so he engaged Logue in 1926.

Diagnosing poor co-ordination between the Duke's larynx and thoracic diaphragm, Logue prescribed a daily hour of vocal exercises. Logue's treatment gave the Duke the confidence to relax and avoid tension-induced muscle spasms. As a result, he suffered only the occasional hesitancy in speech. By 1927, he was speaking confidently and managed his address at the opening of the Old Parliament House in Canberra without stammering.

Logue worked with the Duke through the 1930s and 40s. He used tongue-twisters to help his patient rehearse for major speeches, his coronation, and his radio broadcasts to the British Empire throughout the Second World War. The two men remained friends until the King's death.

Logue died in London, England on 12 April 1953, aged 73 from natural causes. His funeral was held on 17 April 1953 in Holy Trinity, Brompton before his body was cremated.
He was played by actor Geoffrey Rush in Tom Hooper's 2010 movie, "The King's Speech.


Tamara (Spanish singer)

Tamara Macarena Valcárcel Serrano (born 27 June 1984) is a singer from Seville, Spain. She is the granddaughter of singer Rafael Farina.


Carla Medina

Carla Rubí Medina Villarreal (born June 29, 1984), better known as Carla Medina, Carla or Amiga de Alejandro Fernández is a Mexican TV host and singer. She hosted the Disney Channel program "Zapping Zone".

Medina provided the voice of Trixie in the Spanish soundtrack for "Toy Story 3".


René Auberjonois

René Murat Auberjonois (June 1, 1940 – December 8, 2019) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles as Father Mulcahy in movie version of "M*A*S*H", as Chef Louis in "The Little Mermaid", and as Odo in the "" television program. He won a Drama Desk Award and a Tony Award.

Auberjonois was born on June 1, 1940 in New York City, New York. He married Judith Mihalyi in 1963. They had two children.

Auberjonois died from lung cancer at his home in Los Angeles on December 8, 2019, at age 79. Before his death, he took medications relating to assisted suicide.


Nizam-ud-din Auliya

Hazrat Shaikh Khwaja Syed Muhammad Nizamuddin Auliya (1238 – 3 April 1325), also known as Hazrat Nizamuddin, was a famous Sufi saint of the Chishti Order in India. His shrine is in old Delhi and is one of the more important Chishti shrines in all South Asia. 

Pendleton Ward

Pendleton "Pen" Ward (born July 8, 1982) is an American animator, musician, screenwriter and producer who works for Cartoon Network Studios and Frederator Studios. He created the three-time Emmy-nominated "Adventure Time" (2010).

Ward was born on July 8, 1982 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at CalArts.


J. G. Quintel

James Garland "J. G." Quintel (born September 13, 1982) is an American animator, television writer, and voice actor. He is best known as the creator of the animated television series, "Regular Show" on Cartoon Network. He was also the creative director of "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack" on Cartoon Network. He won an Primetime Emmy Award in 2012.

Quintel was born on September 13, 1982 in Hanford, California. He studied at the California Institute of the Arts. 


Recess: School's Out

Recess: School's Out is a 2001 animated movie. It is based on the Disney television series "Recess". It was released to theaters in the United States on February 16, 2001. It was released on video and DVD on August 7, 2001.

Return to Never Land

Return to Never Land (also known as Peter Pan in Return to Never Land or simply Peter Pan II) is a 2002 American animated movie. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios in Sydney, Australia. The movie is a sequel to the 1953 "Peter Pan".

Because nearly five decades had passed since the original Disney movie, a new cast of voice actors was used for this sequel. Kathryn Beaumont, who was the voice of Wendy in the original, recorded all of the now-adult character's dialogue for "Return to Never Land". Disney Studios later had Kath Soucie completely rerecord the role.


Designer drug

Designer drugs are legal drugs that are made and sold to have the same effects as illegal drugs. These drugs are chemicals that change the way a person acts and feels. The government does not regulate designer drugs and this makes them dangerous to use.

Designer drugs were first sold in the United States around 1925. They were made because a lot of popular drugs were no longer allowed to be used. The government passed a law making drugs like morphine and heroin illegal, causing people to find new drugs. Ecstasy is another drug example. It was legal and used for psychotherapy until 1985 when it was banned. Since 2005, there are many more drugs like these being developed. Now there are designer drugs for several alternative drug groups. These drugs have a lot of different effects and people choose each one for different reasons.

There are different ways that these drugs affect the body. The user can smoke (breathe in), inject, sniff (breathe in the solid), or ingest (eat) the drugs. Once they are inside and in the bloodstream the drug changes the way chemicals are sent throughout the brain. By changing the messages sent, the brain will respond in a way specific to each drug. Some drugs and their effect will be felt in minutes and only last for a few hours. Other drugs will be felt in around an hour and then their effects can last up to several days. The amount of the drug taken can also change how strongly the user reacts to it. Too much of the drug can lead to drug tolerance. Drug tolerance is when the user has taken the drug for a long time and can no longer get the same effect from only taking a small amount of the drug. This will cause the person to take more of the drug to have the same effect. Doing this will eventually lead to an overdose. Designer drugs can be highly addictive so it can be hard to stop taking them in dangerous amounts.

Other names for designer drugs are "bath salts" or "plant food." The real chemicals in these drugs are mephedrone, methylone, and methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV). By writing "Not for human consumption (eating/drinking)" on the bags sellers are able to find a way around selling them online and in stores. Using labels like this help companies get around the Federal Analog Act which makes it illegal to sell drugs like these for human use.

Different types of these drugs include opioids, psychedelics, dissociatives, piperazine-based, entactogens, stimulants, sedatives, cannabinoids, and anabolic steroids. Not all of these drugs are sold as bath salts or designer drugs, but they can be. Sometimes these types of drugs can be used legally or as more serious illegal drugs. 

Because many of these drugs are new in many countries there are not laws regulating them. Recently, if a drug became illegal a new drug would be made that was similar to the original. 

In Germany, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Sweden the government decides what to do with these drugs as problems come up. In Australia the government has not only banned all of these drugs but also drugs that have not been created yet. By banning the process and the use of chemicals that are similar to illegal drugs the government has tried to stop new drugs from developing. This law will not be able to stop new, original drugs from forming, though.

In the United States the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Analogue Enforcement of 1986 both tried to make it a crime to make, sell, or own any drug that was chemically similar to an illegal drug.

Royal Birmingham Society of Artists

The Royal Birmingham Society of Artists (also called RBSA) is a group of artists who have a lot of experience and education. It is located in an area of Birmingham, England called the Jewellery Quarter. The RSBA has an art gallery there. It is a charity.

It was opened in 1821 and called the "Birmingham Society of Artists". They had an art gallery and office space located on New Street in 1829. They changed their name to the RBSA in 1868. It was very well known during the Victorian era. It had many famous artists of the time period such as William Morris. RBSA wanted to have an art school, but another art school, the Birmingham School of Art, opened in the area before RBSA could start one. In the late 20th century their original building was going to be destroyed. RBSA moved to an old warehouse. Charles, Prince of Wales opened the new gallery on 12 April 2000. The people who lead the organization are named "President." They have all been artists.

Piglet's Big Movie

Piglet's Big Movie is a 2003 American animated movie. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 22, 2003. It is based on the characters in the "Winnie-the-Pooh" books written by A. A. Milne. In the movie, Piglet is ashamed of being small. He wanders off into the Hundred Acre Woods, leading his friends to form a search party to find him.



Gabriel o Pensador

Gabriel Contino better known as Gabriel o Pensador is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in Rio de Janeiro (city), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on March 4, 1974.
He began his musical career to launch a demo with the song "I'm Happy (I killed the President)" and was soon hired by Sony Music.

Besides singer, Gabriel is a writer in 2001 and released the autobiographical book" Diary" Nocturne, four years later launched" A Boy Called Rorbeto", which won the Jabuti Award best children's book of the year next. In 2008 released the book" My Little Rubro-Negro" and a year later launched a special version of the same book titled" My Little Crimson-Black - Special Edition Hexa".

Teacher's Pet (movie)

Teacher's Pet is a 2004 animated musical movie. It is based on the television series of the same name. The movie ends the central storyline of the series. The movie released theatrically on January 16, 2004.


MV Bill

Alex Pereira Barbosa better known as MV Bill is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in Rio de Janeiro (city), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on January 3, 1974.

Alongside the career of rapper"," MV Bill launched in 2005, along with Celso Athayde, the book" Head Pig". The following year," Falcon - Traffic Kids", available in book and DVD, which became known nationally after viewing the program Fantasy, the Globo.

Pooh's Heffalump Movie

Pooh's Heffalump Movie is a 2005 American animated musical adventure comedy film released by Walt Disney Pictures, featuring characters from A.A. Milne's "Winnie-the-Pooh" stories.

A sequel, "Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie", was released direct-to-video on September 13, 2005.


According to the ending credits, additional voices were provided by voice actress Tara Strong.

Rappin' Hood

Rappin' Hood is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on June 5, 1972.

In 2008, signed to TV Cultura to present the program Manos e Minas appears on Wednesdays and 19h 30 min. However, he left the program in April 2009, leaving the command of the same for the rapper Thaíde.

Belle's Magical World

Belle's Magical World (also called Beauty and the Beast: Belle's Magical World) is a 1998 American direct-to-video Disney midquel movie. It is the 3rd in the "Beauty and the Beast" trilogy. It was first released on January 13, 1998.

Thaíde

Thaíde is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 5, 1967.

In April 2009, he took over the program Manos e Minas, the TV Cultura, leaving the program a year later. Signed to TV Bandeirantes in 2010 and currently presents the program "A Liga" on this same station, along with Lobão, Caze Peçanha, Débora Vilalba and Sophia Reis program" and Metro Black Radio" Metropolitana FM of São Paulo along with Marcela Rocha.

Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World

Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World is a 1998 direct-to-video sequel to the 1995 Disney movie "Pocahontas". The movie is inspired by true events in the life of Pocahontas. These events take place several years after meeting John Smith and the founders of Jamestown. The first movie was about her romance with John Smith. This movie is about her romance with the Englishman she married in real life, John Rolfe.

All the returning characters from the first movie keep the same voice actors, except for Captain John Smith who is voiced by Donal Gibson.

Xis

Xis is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 24, 1972.

He participated in the second edition of Casa dos Artistas in 2002 in SBT. However, at 21 days of confinement, left home due to new program participants. In the same year, he won his second trophy" "Best Video Rap"" in VMB.

The Game of the District Messenger Boy

The Game of the District Messenger Boy; or, Merit Rewarded is a board game published by McLoughlin Brothers in 1886. Players race their tokens around a track as lowly messenger boys. The first player to reach the Head of the Firm space at track's end is the winner. The game is one of the earliest American games to insinuate (suggest as truth) that social status is increased with the accumulation of wealth. Prior to its publication, Christian virtue as a means to a better life was the focus of American board games such as "The Mansion of Happiness". Variants of "District Messenger Boy" include "The Game of the Messenger Boy." Competitive, materialsitic board games culminated in 1935 with "Monopoly".


Warta

The Warta (; ) is a river in western-central Poland. It is a tributary of the Oder river. It is about long. The Warta is Poland's third longest river. Its river basin is . It is connected to the Vistula by the river Noteć and the Bydgoszcz Canal ("Kanał Bydgoski") near Bydgoszcz. 

The Warta river starts in the Kraków-Częstochowa Upland at Kromołów near Zawiercie in the Silesian Voivodeship. It flows through Łódź Voivodeship, Greater Poland (Wielkopolska), and Lubusz Voivodeship. It empties into the Oder river in a town called Kostrzyn nad Odrą, on the border with Germany.

The Warta's river basis was the original territory of Poland. The Polans tribe () lived there starting in the 8th century (700 CE). The Polish national anthem, "Mazurek Dąbrowskiego", mentions the Warta in its second verse.

The Warta river runs through many different cities and towns:





Aura (symptom)

An aura is the changes that people see, hear, smell, taste, or feel before they have an epileptic seizure, or before they have a migraine. It comes from the Greek word for breeze. The cause of the aura is related to the way the brain works, so this is a neurological condition.

There are different kinds of migraines. About 15% of people who have a migraine will have an aura. The symptoms may include visual problems like not being able to see for a short time, seeing zig-zag lines or floating spots, dizziness, a ringing noise in the ears (tinnitus), and problems speaking. It may take up to an hour after the aura begins before a person starts getting a migraine.

Many people with epilepsy have an aura before having a seizure. This can be helpful, because the aura can tell the person that a seizure is coming ahead of time, and give them time to get to a safe place. The time between the aura and the seizure is usually short (often from seconds to minutes).

There are other neurological conditions which can cause aura-like symptoms. These include strokes and panic attacks, for example. 


Scotoma (came from the Greek word for darkness: "skotos"): a "blind spot" or area of reduced vision surrounded by a normal visual field. i.e.: A person can see normally except where the scotoma is. Scotomas may affect one or both eyes. They can be either "absolute," where the person can see nothing within the scotoma, or "relative," where the person can see something within the scotoma, but less than usual.

Eupleridae

The family Eupleridae is a group of carnivores found in Madagascar. The family has of eight species and seven genera in two subfamilies. They live in a variety of habitats, from humid forests, marshes, bogs, and swamps, to deserts and savannas.

The Euplerids are a clade. They are descendents of ancestors which rafted over from Africa about 20 million years ago (mya). They are closely related to mongooses. The fossa and the Malagasy civet ("Fossa fossana") are believed to be the most ancient surviving species in this group.
Euplerids usually have slender bodies with relatively small heads. Head and body length ranges from 250 mm to 800 mm. Euplerids are primarily carnivorous, eating small mammals, birds, reptiles, frogs, insects, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. "Fossa fossana" and "Galidia elegans" may also eat some fruit.

Fossas form monogamous pairs, while species in the genera "Galidia", "Mungotictis", and "Salanoia" live alone or in pairs, suggesting that they are monogamous for one breeding season only. "Mungotictis" individuals live in small groups with several adults of each sex, but it is not known if all of the adults in a group breed. "Cryptoprocta" only live alone, suggesting a polygynous or polygynandrous mating system.

Euplerids have definite breeding seasons. Each species' season is different and lasts from two to eight months. Gestation lasts around three months. Usually, just one or two young are born per litter, though Cryptoprocta can have up to four. Weaning takes place between two and four and a half months.

All species in this family are threatened. The main causes are loss of habitat and hunting by humans or dogs. (IUCN 2006)

Tracey Walter

Tracey Walter (born November 25, 1947) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Bob the Goon in Tim Burton's 1989 movie "Batman". He won a Saturn Award in 1984.

Walter was born on November 25, 1947 in Jersey City, New Jersey.


Montgomery Clift

Montgomery Edward "Monty" Clift (October 17, 1920 – July 23, 1966) was an American movie, television, radio, and stage actor who is known for his roles in "From Here to Eternity", "A Place in the Sun", "The Misfits", "Red River", and in "Judgement at Nuremberg". He was nominated four times for an Academy Award. His great-great-grandfather was politician Francis Preston Blair.

Clift was born on October 17, 1920, in Omaha, Nebraska. He was raised in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City. He began his career in Broadway in 1935 when he was only 13 years old. He worked with many famous actors such as Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor.

He was never married and had no children. He was homosexual. He had a boyfriend with Maurice Leonard. Clift died on July 23, 1966 in New York City from a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease, aged 45.


League of Legends

League of Legends (LoL) is a multiplayer online battle arena video game. It was created by Riot Games. People can play the game on Microsoft Windows and macOS. The game is free-to-play, meaning people do not need to pay money to play the game. The game uses a freemium way to make money. League of Legends was inspired by "Defense of the Ancients" ("DotA").

As of 2013, it is the most played computer game in the world with over 32 million active users per month. It is currently the most played game in the world by active users per month. The game is very popular for professional competitions.

In League of Legends, the player who is called a "summoner" selects a “champion” from a pool of 163 (As of November 2023) possible choices, each with their own set of unique abilities. Each player plays in a team with 4 other summoners against another 5 person team. The goal of the team is to make it to the opposite team’s base, called a "nexus", and destroy it in one of 3 battle arenas, called maps. However, to accomplish this, teams must first destroy 3 "towers" and an "inhibitor" in at least one "lane". The Nexus also spawns AI-controlled minions for each team, that move forward and attack the first enemy champion, minion, or turret they see. The most popular map, Summoner's Rift, is split into three lanes that each have three turrets and an inhibitor. Players can kill minions, or other enemy players to gain gold which can be spent on items to make their champion stronger.

Between each lane are paths where neutral monsters spawn, called the "jungle". Either side can kill these monsters to gain gold, experience and buffs.

Each champion has three normal abilities and an ultimate ability. Killing minions, jungle monsters and enemy champions gives experience and when a certain amount is reached the champion 'levels up' and the player can spend a point to improve one of their abilities. There are 18 levels and points can be spent in any order. However, these points can only be used to buy a champion's ultimate ability and it's improvements at levels 6, 11 and 16.

Player experience and intelligence points are earned by playing matches over time. Player accounts begin at level one. There is no level cap, but some of the game modes are not unlocked until level 30. Some players create secondary accounts, known as smurf accounts, to play at lower levels or against less experienced players. They also unlock abilities called summoner spells that can be used in game, as well as Runes. These provide small bonuses during the game.


Ibn ul-Arabi

Hazrat Sheikh Mohye-ed-din Ibn ul-Arabī (Arabic: ابن عربي) (July 28, 1165 – November 10, 1240) was an Arab Andalusian Sufi mystic, poet and philosopher. 

He is renowned in the Muslim world as "Sheikh ul Akbar" (The Greatest Sheikh), for his famous explanation of the concept of "Tawhid" (Oneness of God) through the concept or perception of the idea of "Wahdat ul Wajood" (Oneness of Being).

He was born in Murcia. When he was a child his family moved to Seville. Despite living in Spain, he visited North Africa a lot. In 1202 he visited Mecca, as part of his Hajj. He lived in Mecca for three years. He also visited Syria, Iraq, Turkey and Palestine. He would eventually move to Damascus. He died there in 1240. 

His most famous book is called "The Meccan Revelations" ("Al-Futuhat al-Makkiyya" in Arabic). It has 560 chapters. In the book, he writes about cosmology, metaphysics, religion, and Islam. 

Abdul Qadir Gilani

ʿAbd al-Qādir Gīlānī, (, formally Muḥyī l-Dīn Abū Muḥammad b. Abū Sālih ʿAbd al-Qādir al-Gīlānī al-Ḥasanī wa'l-Ḥusaynī (, (, (, (), known as for short was a Hanbali Sunni Muslim preacher, orator, ascetic, mystic, sayyid, faqīh, and theologian. He was known for being the eponymous founder of the Qadiriyya tariqa (Sufi order) of Sufism.

Born 29 Sha'ban 470 AH (around 1077) in the town of Na'if, district of Gilan-e Gharb, Gilan, Iran and died Monday, February 14, 1166 (11 Rabi' al-Thani 561 AH), in Baghdad, (1077–1166 CE), was a Persian Hanbali Sunni jurist and sufi based in Baghdad. The Qadiriyya tariqa is named after him. And say that he was born in Gilan Iraq, a historic village near the cities (Al-Mada'in) of 40 kilometers south of Baghdad, as evidenced by historical studies academic and adopted by the Gilan Family in Baghdad.

The name "Muhiyudin" describes him as a "reviver of religion". Gilan (Arabic "al-Jilani") refers to his place of birth, Gilan. However, Gilani also carried the epithet "Baghdadi." referring to his residence and burial in Baghdad.

Gilani's father was from Sharif's Al-Hassani lineage. He was respected as a saint by the people of his day, and was known as "Jangi Dost" "who loves God", thus "Jangidost" was his sobriquet.

Gilani spent his early life in Gilan, the town of his birth. In 1095, at the age of eighteen years, he went to Baghdad. There, he pursued the study of Hanbali law under Abu Saeed Mubarak Makhzoomi and ibn Aqil. He was given lessons on Hadith by Abu Muhammad Ja'far al-Sarraj. His Sufi spiritual instructor was Abu'l-Khair Hammad ibn Muslim al-Dabbas. (A detailed description of his various teachers and subjects are included below). After completing his education, Gilani left Baghdad. He spent twenty-five years as a reclusive wanderer in the desert regions of Iraq.

At the age of 18, Gilani went to Baghdad to study the Hanbali school of fiqh.

In 1127, Gilani returned to Baghdad and began to preach to the public. He joined the teaching staff of the school belonging to his own teacher, al-Mazkhzoomi, and was popular with students. In the morning he taught hadith and tafsir, and in the afternoon he held discourse on the science of the heart and the virtues of the Quran. He was said to have been a convincing preacher and converted numerous Jews and Christians. His strength came in the reconciling of the mystical nature of Sufism and strict nature of the Quran.

Gilani died in the evening of Tuesday, February 21, 1166 (11th Rabi' al-thani 561 AH) at the age of ninety one years according to the Islamic calendar. His body was entombed in a shrine within his madrasa in Babul-Sheikh, Rusafa on the east bank of the Tigris in Baghdad, Iraq. During the reign of the Safavid Shah Ismail I, Gilani's shrine was destroyed. However, in 1535, the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent had a "turba" (dome) built over the shrine, which exists to this day.

1 Ramadan is celebrated as the birthday of Abdul Qadir Gilani while the death anniversary is on 11 Rabi us Thani though some scholars and traditions say 29 Shaban and 17 Rabi us Sani as birth and death day respectively. The later is called in the Subcontinent as Giyarwee Shareef or Honoured Day of 11th.




Donald Keene

Donald Lawrence Keene (June 18, 1922 – February 24, 2019), also known as , was an American and Japanese scholar, teacher, writer, translator and Japan studies expert.

Keene's contributions to the understanding of Japanese culture were recognized by the Japanese government in 2002 and in 2008. In 2012, Keene became a Japanese citizen and he explained, 

Keene was born in Brooklyn in New York City. He received a Bachelor's degree from Columbia in 1942. He studied Japanese language at the U.S. Navy Japanese Language School. After World War II, he returned to Columbia where he earned a master's degree in 1947.

He earned a Ph.D. from Columbia in 1951. In this period, Ryūsaku Tsunoda became his mentor.

Starting in 1955, Keene was a professor at Columbia University for over fifty years. He retired from Columbia after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. He became a Japanese citizen under the name "Kīn Donarudo".

His first visit to Japan was during the Battle of Okinawa in 1945.

Keene died on February 24, 2019 in Tokyo from heart failure, aged 96.
In an overview of writings by and about Keene, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 600+ works in 1,400+ publications in 16 languages and 39,000+ library holdings. 



Katherine LaNasa

Katherine LaNasa (born December 1, 1966 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American movie and TV actress and dancer. She has acted in many television programs and movies. LaNasa was married to actors Dennis Hopper, French Stewart and Grant Show.

Ryūsaku Tsunoda

Tsunoda was responsible for the early growth of the Japanese language and literature collection at Columbia's library. 
Tsunoda's best known students was Donald Keene. Keene's opinion of Tsunoda was explaind in a lecture given at Waseda University in 1994:

According to Sir George Sansom, Tsunoda was the "father of Japanese studies in America".

In an overview of writings by and about Tsunoda, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 50 works in 100+2 publications in 4 languages and 2,000+ library holdings. 




Breton Party

The Breton Party (, ) is a social-democratic and social-liberal nationalist party which aspires to the creation of an independent Brittany, within the European Union.

Minkowski spacetime

In special relativity, the Minkowski spacetime is a four-dimensional manifold, created by Hermann Minkowski. It has four dimensions: three dimensions of space (x, y, z) and one dimension of time. Minkowski spacetime has a metric signature of (-+++), and describes a flat surface when no mass is present. The convention in this article is to call Minkowski spacetime simply spacetime. 

However, Minkowski spacetime only applies in special relativity. General relativity used the notion of curved spacetime to describe the effects of gravity and accelerated motion.

Spacetime can be thought of as a four-dimensional coordinate system in which the axes are given by 

formula_1

They can also be denoted by

formula_2

Where formula_3 represents formula_4. The reason for measuring time in units of the speed of light times the time coordinate is so that the units for time are the same as the units for space. Spacetime has the differential for arc length given by

formula_5

This implies that spacetime has a metric tensor given by

formula_6

As before stated, spacetime is flat everywhere; to some extent, it can be thought of as a plane. 

Spacetime can be thought of as the "arena" in which all of the events in the universe take place. All that one needs to specify a point in spacetime is a certain time and a typical spatial orientation. It is hard (virtually impossible) to visualize four dimensions, but some analogy can be made, using the method below.

Hermann Minkowski introduced a certain method for graphing coordinate systems in Minkowski spacetime. As seen to the right, different coordinate systems will disagree on an object's spatial orientation and/or position in time. As you can see from the diagram, there is only one spatial axis (the x-axis) and one time axis (the ct-axis). If need be, one can introduce an extra spatial dimension, (the y-axis); unfortunately, this is the limit to the number of dimensions: graphing in four dimensions is impossible. The rule for graphing in Minkowski spacetime goes as follows:

1) The angle between the x-axis and the x'-axis is given by formula_7 where v is the velocity of the object

2) The speed of light through spacetime "always" makes an angle of 45 degrees with either axis.

In the general theory of relativity, Einstein used the equation

formula_8

To allow for spacetime to actually curve; the resulting effects are those of gravity. 


Diane Pretty

Diane Pretty (15 November 1959 - 11 May 2002) was a British woman who became known for a debate on laws of euthanasia. She had attempted to change British law so she could end her own life because of the pains and problems of the terminal illness motor neurone disease.

Over time, the disease worsened and made it impossible for her to move or communicate easily even though her mental faculties remained normal. The illness resulted in her having to be looked after continuously by her husband and nurses. Pretty took her case to court using the Human Rights Act to argue not to prosecute anybody involved in helping her to die. British courts did not accept Pretty's arguments, with the House of Lords eventually turning her case down. The European Court of Human Rights refused to acknowledge that the European Convention on Human Rights provided a right to die, and her appeal to that court also failed. She died aged 43, as a result of her condition.

Megaevolution

Megaevolution is a term which describes the most dramatic events in evolution. By that is not meant a different kind of evolution; rather, it means evolution which produces a tremendous effect. It is not suggested that the evolutionary processes involved are special although, in some cases they might be. Since the word 'macroevolution' can apply to relatively modest changes at the species and genus level, 'megaevolution' may be used for really huge changes.

The adaptive radiation of birds in the Lower Cretaceous, teleosts in the Cretaceous, flowering plants in the Upper Cretaceous, mammals in the Eocene, moths in the Cretaceous are striking examples of macroevolution. However, there are even more important events in the history of life. An interesting list was prepared by Maynard Smith and Szathmáry, which they called the major transitions in evolution. They did the list twice.


Some of these topics have been discussed before.

Numbers one to six on the list are about events which are of huge importance, but about which we know relatively little. All occurred before (and mostly very much before) the fossil record started, or at least before the Phanerozoic eon.

Numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six, and are generally not considered by the other authors. Number four is of a type which is not covered by traditional evolutionary theory, The origin of eukaryotic cells is probably due to symbiosis between prokaryotes. This is a kind of evolution which must be a rare event.

The Cambrian explosion or Cambrian radiation was the relatively rapid appearance of most major animal phyla around 530 million years ago (mya) in the fossil record. It is the classic example of megaevolution. "The fossil record documents two mutually exclusive macroevolutionary modes separated by the transitional Ediacaran period".

Before about 580 mya it seems that most organisms were simple. They were made of individual cells occasionally organized into colonies. Over the following 70 or 80 million years the rate of evolution accelerated by an order of magnitude. Normally rates of evolution are measured by the extinction and origination rate of species, but here we can say that by the end of the Cambrian every phylum, or almost every phylum, existed.

The diversity of life began to resemble that of today.

The Cambrian explosion has caused much scientific debate. The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the 'primordial strata' was noted as early as the mid 19th century, and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection.

Deep Impact (space mission)

Deep Impact was a NASA space probe to study comets. It was sent out to meet Comet Tempel 1, and to crash a smaller space rocket deep into the comet's surface. 

Deep Impact was launched on January 12, 2005 from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Cape Canaveral, Florida. The rocket used was Delta II. It reached the comet in July 2005, from Earth. After taking photos, the impactor spacecraft was sent to crash into the surface on July 4, 2005. This created a huge crater and blasted parts of the comet into space. Deep Impact was able to study this debris which included ice and dust from deep inside the comet. This has helped scientists understand what comets are made of.

From the explosion scientists discovered that the comet had water ice both on the surface and deep inside. One scientist described it as being like a "...skating rink of snowy dirt." They were able to work out the comet was formed in the area between Uranus and Neptune.

After the mission, NASA decided to send Deep Impact to study the Comet 85P/Boethin. However the comet did not return on its expected 11 year path around the sun, and has not been seen since.

Tempel 1

Tempel 1 is a comet which orbits the sun every 5.5 years. It was discovered in 1867 by the astronomer Ernest Tempel. On July 4, 2005, NASA fired a spacecraft from Deep Impact into its surface creating a spectacular explosion. Scientists were able to study the debris from the explosion to discover what the comet was made from. They discovered that part of the comet was covered in water ice which made it like a skating rink. This was the first time that evidence of water had been found on a comet.

Positronium

Positronium is an onium, a type of exotic atom that is made of a particle and its antiparticle. In Positronium, one positron and one electron are bonded together. The positron replaces a proton that would normally be present in a Hydrogen atom. They both stay in the same orbital. The atom is unstable, and a few nanoseconds after it is created, the positron and the electron collide, destroying the Positronium and forming two gamma rays.

Positronium can form molecules, like normal atoms. It can bond with both other exotic atoms and normal atoms.

Di-positronium is a simple molecule made from two positronium atoms bonded together. It was predicted in 1946 by John Archibald Wheeler, but was discovered in 2007 by David Cassidy and Allen Mills, when they fired positrons at molecules of silicon dioxide.

Positronium hydride, also called hydrogen positride, is an exotic molecule made of an atom of hydrogen bonded to a positronium atom. It was predicted in 1951 by A Ore, but was not discovered until 1990 by R. Pareja and R. Gonzalez, who discovered it when they trapped positronium in hydrogen-magnesia crystals.

Belize Barrier Reef

The Belize Barrier Reef is a series of coral reefs. It goes along the coast of Belize, about offshore in the north and in the south. The Belize Barrier Reef is a long section of the long Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System. The reef system runs continuous from Cancún on the northeast tip of the Yucatán Peninsula through the Riviera Maya down to Honduras. This makes it one of the largest coral reef systems in the world after the Great Barrier Reef in Australia and the New Caledonia Barrier Reef. 

Charles Darwin described it as "the most remarkable reef in the West Indies" in 1842.

The Belize Barrier Reef is home to many different plants and animals. There are:
About 90% of the reef still needs to be researched. It is thought that only 10% of all species have been discovered.

San Ignacio, Belize

San Ignacio is a town in western Belize. It is the capital of Cayo District. The town grew from Mahogany and chicle production during British rule. 

San Ignacio is on the banks of the Macal and Mopan Rivers.

San Pedro Town

San Pedro is a town in Belize. It is on the southern part of the island of Ambergris Caye. English is the main language spoken, however many people speak Spanish.

One of the main industries in the town is tourism, most notably scuba diving. Ambergis Museum is in the town.

Benque Viejo del Carmen

Benque Viejo del Carmen (usually shortened to "Benque") is a town in the country of Belize. It is in the Cayo District. The northern edge of the town is along the Mopan River. The river also forms the border with Guatemala. Benque Viejo is a growing town rich with culture and activities. It is a short 5 minute walk to the famous Xunantunich ruins. It also is home to Actun Chapat, a large underground cave system, popular with tourists. An addition of a new Municipal market in Sept 6 2014 . A new hotel the Benque Resort. The addition of Tropic Air extending flights to Maya Flats, has increased the interest and visitors to Benque. Benque is experiencing a growing expat population of retirees, as it was voted cleanest and safest town in Belize.
Once a bustling center of trade for logwood and chicle, Benque is now experiencing growth in tourism, and the addition of a Free trade zone has contributed to the growth and prosperity of the town. Residents enjoy a variety of activities in the town, one of the most popular is river tubing. Leaving from the dock at the Benque Resort on Riverside, visitors and residents, can enjoy the beautiful greenish/blue waters of the Mopan River and float downstream to the Mayan ruins of Xunantunich, a popular tourist destination, which features one of the largest pyramids in Belize. A popular House of Culture features a Marimba academy,art classes,dance and music classes to residents and visitors alike. A 100-acre Art park Poustinia on the outskirts of Benque features fabulous works, created by groups and students from all over the world. A publishing house, Cubola books, and a recording studio, Stonetree records, have made this town popular amongst artists from all over the world. The addition of Cave Garden coffee house and resident artist and world renowned master flutist Pablo Collado has entertained countless groups and dignitaries.

Belize dollar

The Belize dollar is the official currency in Belize. It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". It is sometimes written as "BZ$" to be different from other dollars. It is divided into 100 cents. 

Venison

Venison is the meat of a game animal, normally a elk or deer.

Venison may be eaten as steaks, tenderloins, roasts, sausages, jerky and minced meat. Venison has less fat than similar cuts of beef. However, like beef, leaner cuts can be tougher as well. Venison can be kosher.

Paca

The genus Cuniculus has the two species of paca. 


Pacas are found from southern Mexico to northern Argentina. They are a source of meat in many places.

Both species of paca eat mainly fruit. Other foods include roots, seeds, leaves, buds, and flowers. In the wild, pacas are herbivores, meaning they eat only plants. In captivity, they are omnivores, meaning they eat both plants and flesh. Pacas in zoos eat fruits, vegetables, raw meat, lizards, and insects.

Open Database License

The Open Database License (ODbL) is a copyright license for sharing database contents. The ODbL is "copyleft" because it makes the copyrighted work easier to share.

The license is provided by the Open Knowledge Foundation.

In September 2012 the OpenStreetMap (OSM) project moved from a Creative Commons license to ODbL. 


Habanero chili

The habanero chili is a type of chili pepper. Unripe habaneros are green. They color as they mature. Common colors are orange and red, but white, brown, and pink are also seen. Typically a ripe habanero chili is long. Habanero chilis are very spicy, rated 100,000–350,000 on the Scoville scale.

The habanero chili comes from the Amazonas region. From there it was spread in Mexico. The habanero is a perennial flowering plant. With proper care and growing conditions, it can produce flowers (and thus fruit) for many years.

Cross Country Cycling Classic

The Holy Saturday Cross Country Cycling Classic is a one-day amateur cycling race in Belize. It happens every year during the Easter holidays. It is Belize's biggest cycling event and it has begun to be recognized internationally. The name is usually shortened to the Cross Country Cycling Classic or "Cross Country" for short. The race is about 140 miles long.

Prosthechea cochleata

Prosthechea cochleata is an orchid that lives in Central America, the West Indies, Colombia, Venezuela, and southern Florida. It is commonly called the Cockleshell Orchid or Clamshell Orchid

"Prosthechea cochleata" is the national flower of Belize, where it is known as the Black Orchid.

Big leaf mahogany

Big leaf mahogany ("Swietenia macrophylla") is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is one of two species with genuine mahogany timber.

The species is also known under other common names, including broad-leaved mahogany, Brazilian mahogany, Honduras mahogany, large-leaved mahogany, genuine mahogany, sky fruit, and tropical American mahogany, among others.

The plant lives in North and South America, and the Caribbean.

Cape Canaveral Air Force Station

The Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) is (a former name of a) part of the United States Air Force Space Command. The Space Command's 45th Space Wing is based at the nearby Patrick Air Force Base. The CCAFS is at Cape Canaveral, Florida. It is next to the Kennedy Space Center which is on Merritt Island. The two facilities have access to the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Skid Strip which is a large runway for military aircraft bringing heavy and oversize loads. the CCAFS has four active launch pads for space rockets.

Many space missions have been launched from CCAFS. For example:


Delta II

Delta II was a rocket used to launch various projects into space. The Delta series of rockets were first designed and made by McDonnell Douglas. This company joined with Boeing in 1997. Delta II rockets had been made since 2006 by United Launch Alliance, which is a joint company owned by Boeing and Lockheed Martin to supply launch rockets to the US government. Boeing Launch Services supplied Delta II rockets to private companies.

The Delta II rockets were based on the Thor rockets built in the 1950's. These were used to carry Inter Continental Ballistic Missiles. The first Thor was launched on January 26, 1957. The Delta II rocket was first launched on 14 February 1989. The rocket was developed after the explosion of the in 1986. The US Air Force needed another way to launch its GPS satellites. As of 2018, there had been 156 Delta II launches from both Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg Air Force Base. Only two launches were unsuccessful. On 5 August 1995, a rocket motor failure meant the Koreasat 1 was put into a lower orbit. On 17 January 1997, Delta 241 carrying the GPS IIR-1 exploded 13 seconds after taking off.

The last time the Delta II took off on 15 September 2018, when she carried the ICESat-2 satellite.


Bell's palsy

Bell's palsy is a paralysis of the face on one side. It is caused by inflammation of a facial nerve. The sufferer cannot move the muscles on the affected side of the face. 

Several conditions can cause facial paralysis, such as brain tumors, strokes, and Lyme disease. Bell's palsy is named after Scottish anatomist Charles Bell. Bell first described the disease. It is the most common acute disease involving only one nerve, and it is the most common cause of sudden facial nerve paralysis.

Bell's palsy involves a rapid start of partial or complete paralysis that often occurs overnight. Scientists believe that inflammation leads to swelling of the facial nerve. The nerve travels through the skull in a narrow bone canal beneath the ear. Nerve swelling and compression in the narrow bone canal are thought to stop the nerve from working. At times of lowered immunity, a dormant (sleeping) virus, usually the chicken pox or cold sore virus, can wake up and attack the nerve causing it to swell. The main symptoms of Bell's palsy are one-sided facial paralysis, jaw pain, dizziness, strengthened hearing in one ear, and weakened taste sense.

Bell's palsy usually cures itself, sometimes in a few weeks. Corticosteroids (cortisone steroids) have been found to improve the condition while anti-viral drugs have not. Early treatment is necessary for steroids or drugs to be effective, but it is controversial wether or not they work. Most people recover spontaneously and achieve near-normal to normal functions. Some people however will never regain full facial movement, or it may take a longer time. Many show signs of improvement as early as 10 days after the onset, even without treatment.

Often those suffering from Bell's palsy cannot open the eye in the affected side. The eye must be protected from drying up, or the cornea may be permanently damaged. The affected eye may need to be taped shut when sleeping.

Sauli Niinistö

Sauli Väinämö Niinistö (born 24 August 1948) is a former Finnish president. He was President of Finland from 2012 until 2024.

A lawyer by education, Niinistö was Minister of Finance from 1996 to 2003 and the National Coalition Party candidate in the 2006 presidential election. He served as the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland from 2007 to 2011 and has been the Honorary President of the European People's Party (EPP) since 2002.

Niinistö was the National Coalition Party candidate in the 2012 presidential election, beating Pekka Haavisto of the Green League with 62.6% of the vote in the decisive second round. Niinistö assumed office on 1 March 2012, and is the first president from the National Coalition Party since Juho Kusti Paasikivi, who left office in 1956.

Niinistö served on the municipal council of Salo from 1977 to 1992 and was elected a Member of the Finnish Parliament (Eduskunta) from the district of Finland Proper in 1987. In 1994 he was chosen to lead the National Coalition Party as the party chairman

Niinistö's first wife Marja-Leena Niinistö died in a car accident in 1995. Niinistö married his second wife Jenni Haukio (born 1977) in January 2009.Sale on Kona ukko

Claude Dubar

Claude Dubar (born 11 December 1945) is an academic French sociologist.

After his teaching experience at Beirut, Lebanon in 1974, he became professor at the Lille University of Science and Technology in 1977. His thesis focuses on vocational training in France

In 1988, he joined the "Centre d'études et de recherches sur les qualifications" (Centre for Studies and Research on Qualifications) in Paris, researching relations between the sociology of education and work, and especially the sociology of professional identities.

Since 1993 till ???, he has been a sociology teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". In 2012, he is "Emeritus Professor" (retired, with an honorific position given by Université).


Grus

Grus is a genus of large birds in the crane family.


Jimmy Baker

Jimmy Baker (born as Pintjutjara; about 1915 – 20 April 2010) was an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Jimmy Baker was born some time around 1915. He was born at Malumpa, an old camping site near what is now Kaṉpi in north-western South Australia. His name at the time was Pintjutjara. He had a brother, Toby Ginger Baker, and a sister, Tjuwilya. He and his family lived a traditional, nomadic life in the desert, and had no contact with Euro-Australian society. Their first encounter with White people was in the early 1920s, with a group of Christian missionaries travelling from Ernabella to Warburton. On their way back, the missionaries tried to persuade the family to come with them to Ernabella, but Jimmy's father, Tjuwintjara, was not ready to give up life in the bush.

When Jimmy was a teenager, his father encountered an expedition led by anthropologist Ted Strehlow. Strehlow gave Tjuwintjara food in exchange for his help as a guide. Strehlow also gave the family a letter that entitled them to access the food stores at Ernabella. Because of this, the family decided to leave the desert behind, and they finally settled at Ernabella a short time after 1930.

Jimmy's father remained very traditional. He was well known for his survival skills and knowledge of the desert. In 1939, he acted as a guide for Strehlow and Charles Duguid on their expedition to the Petermann Ranges.

At Ernabella, Jimmy's first job was baking bread. Because of this, he was given the surname "Baker", and he chose the Christian name of "Jimmy" himself. Later, he got a job building fences on nearby stations, first at Kenmore Park and then Everard Park. In the late 1930s, Jimmy got married to a woman named Nyinmungka, who he met while working at Everard Park. The two of them moved back to Kenmore Park to live. They had one son and two daughters: Anton, Kay and Marita. All of Jimmy's children became artists and founding members of the Tjunga Palya centre.

In his later years, Jimmy became an important "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer). He travelled far around central Australia, applying his traditional knowledge and skills. He and his wife lived in Kaltjiti, but Jimmy wanted to move closer to his family's homeland near Malumpa. In the early 1990s, he and two of his nephews, Ivan and Douglas Baker, established Kaṉpi as an outstation for their families.

Jimmy did not begin painting until 2004, six years before his death. Until about the 1980s, men's traditional art was widely considered sacred by Pitjantjatjara, and was not displayed in public like women's art was. Pintupi men in the north began painting in the 1970s, at Papunya Tula. This was considered sacrilege by other Western Desert groups, because knowledge of sacred law is considered dangerous. The sacred images in the paintings were obscured, though, and encrypted (hidden) by dots and lines. When the art style became popular, more and more Pitjantjatjara men began to paint.

Baker began painting as a way to preserve his stories and culture. Because he was a "ngangkaṟi", he knew more about his country's sacred Dreaming stories than most. His paintings represent stories from the time of creation that dictate sacred law ("Tjukurpa") for Pitjantjatjara people. Although he began very late in life, his paintings quickly became well known. The first major exhibition to show his work was an annual group exhibition called "Desert Mob", in Alice Springs. It first featured his work in 2005, and again every year after that until 2009. In 2007, Baker was one of thirty artists featured in the first National Indigenous Art Triennial exhibition "Culture Warriors". It showed three of his paintings: "Katatjita" (2006), "Wanampi Kutjara" (2006) and "Piltati" (2007). He was interviewed on South Australian television, speaking through a translator.

Having only painted for six years, Baker produced only a small number of works. His works are rare, and were considered valuable even when he was alive. Most of them are acrylic paintings done on canvas (cotton duck). He uses rich colours in the "dot" style that has become classical in Western Desert art.

Jimmy died in 2010, from a problem with his lungs. His work is major several major public and private collections in Australia, including the Art Gallery of South Australia, the National Gallery of Victoria, and the National Gallery of Australia. As well as his children, several of his grandchildren are also well-known artists painting for Tjungu Palya.

Atacama Large Millimeter Array

The Atacama Large Millimeter/sub-millimeter Array (ALMA) is an array of radio telescopes in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile. A high and dry site is very important for millimeter wavelength work. ALMA is being built on the Chajnantor plateau at 5000 metres altitude. It will have 66 12-meter and 7-meter diameter radio telescopes observing at millimeter and sub-millimeter wavelengths. ALMA is expected to help scientists understand how stars were created during the early universe. It will also provide detailed imaging of local star and planet formation. 

ALMA is being built by Europe, the United States, Canada, East Asia and the Republic of Chile. Costing more than a billion US dollars, it is the worlds's most expensive ground-based telescope. ALMA began scientific observations in the second half of 2011 and the first images were released to the press on 3 October 2011. The project is should be fully operational by March 2013.

Telek

George Mamua Telek (born 1969), commonly known simply as Telek, is a musician from Papua New Guinea. He is one of the country's most successful musicians, and his music is well known in Australia and the Pacific Islands. Telek was born in Raluana, a village near Rabaul in New Britain. He sings in his native language, Kuanua, and also in Tok Pisin.

Telek sang with various bands in Papua New Guinea early in his career, most notably with the group Painim Wok, famous in the 1980s. Telek met Australian musician David Bridie in Rabaul in the mid-1980s. Together they recorded the very successful album "Tabaran".

Telek recorded his first solo album, "Telek", outside Papua New Guinea in 1997. This album won an ARIA award for Best World Music Album. He recorded his second international album "Serious Tam" in 2000 at Peter Gabriel's studios in London. The next album he released was "Amette", in 2004. He recorded it in Bridie's studio in Melbourne. His most recent album "Akave" was released through the Wantok Music-label.

Halo 4

Halo 4 is a first-person shooter video game made by 343 Industries. It is published by Microsoft Studios and is available for Xbox 360.

The game was announced at E3 2011 on June 4, 2011. Halo 4 sees the return of Master Chief and Cortana. On September 26, 2012, Halo 4 was announced that it had completed development and the game was released worldwide (except Japan) on November 6, 2012. Halo 4 was released in Japan on November 8, 2012.


Jill Stein

Jill Ellen Stein (born May 14, 1950) is an American physician specializing in Internal Medicine. She was the nominee of the Green Party for President of the United States in the 2012 election. Stein was a candidate for Governor of Massachusetts in the 2002 and the 2010 elections. She was the Green Party nomination for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential elections. She was the campaign manager of Cornel West's 2024 presidential campaign. In November 2023, Stein announced that she would run for the Green Party nomination for president in the 2024 presidential election.


Virgil Goode

Virgil Hamlin Goode, Jr. (, born October 17, 1946) is an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2009, first as a Democrat; in 2000 he switched to the Republican Party. He represented the 5th congressional district of Virginia. He lost his seat in the 2008 election to Democrat Tom Perriello. Goode subsequently joined the Constitution Party. He was the party's 2012 presidential nominee.



Dundalk F.C.

Dundalk Football Club () is a professional Irish football club based in Dundalk, County Louth. The club currently play in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland. Founded in 1903, they are the second most successful team, in terms of trophies won, in the history of the League of Ireland. The traditional colours of the club are white jerseys with black shorts. Due to their white jerseys, they have been nicknamed the Lilywhites. They play their home games in Oriel Park.

Watatsu Shrine

The shrine was established before the 10th century. This place is special to the "kami" named . Isonotakeru is said to have taught people shipbuilding and how to use ships.

Each year in late-April, horseback archery ("yabusame") takes place at the branch Hachimangū of Watatsu Shrine in the town of Hamochi.

Watatsu was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Sado Province on Sado Island. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Niigata Prefecture. 
In the modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines, Watatsu was listed among the 3rd class of nationally significant shrines or .

Mass production

If an item is produced in large quantities, this is usually called mass production. The item produced is called product, and it is usually made in a factory. The items produced will all be the same type. The process of making large quantities will usually require the use of standardized products or product groups. It also depends heavily on interchangeable parts.

Today, machines are often used to mass produce such items. Using division of labour, a greater number of items can be produced. Adam Smith used the example of a needle: With division of labour, it is possible to produce more needles in the same time. Frederick Winslow Taylor, the father of Taylorism also used the division of labour: he wanted to divide the tasks into planning tasks, and execution.

James Murdoch

James Rupert Jacob Murdoch (born 13 December 1972) is a British-American businessman.

Murdoch was born in the United Kingdom. He is the younger son of Rupert Murdoch.

At age 13, young James' citizenship changed. In 1985, his father gave up his Australian citizenship to become a citizen of the United States.

He has worked in his family's international businesses.


James Murdoch (disambiguation)

James Murdoch may mean



Amy B. Smith

Amy Smith is an American inventor, educator, and founder of D-Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her work focuses on development of appropriate technologies. Appropriate technologies are technologies that use readily available local resources to solve problems in developing countries.

Amy Smith was born in Lexington, Massachusetts, on 4 November 1962. 

James Murdoch (journalist)

James Murdoch (27 September 1856 – 30 October 1921) was a Scottish-Australian academic, journalist, translator, editor and Japanologist. He is best known for writing a three-volume "A History of Japan". It was the first history of Japan published in the English.

Murdoch was born in Stonehaven, near Aberdeen, in Scotland. At the University of Aberdeen, he earned a bachelor's and master's degree. He also studied at Oxford University.

In an overview of writings by and about Murdoch, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 60+ works in 130+ publications in 4 languages and 1,300+ library holdings . 



Edmund Papinot

Jacques Edmund-Joseph Papinot (1860-1942) was a French Roman Catholic priest, academic, historian, editor, Japanologist. 

Papinot is best known for creating an "Historical and Geographical Dictionary of Japan" which was first published in French in 1899. The work was published in English in 1906.

Papinot first arrived in Japan in 1886. He taught at the Tokyo Theological Seminary for 15 years while working on his "Dictionnaire japonais-français des noms principaux de l'histoire et de la géographie de Japon".

In 1911, he left Japan for China. He returned to France in 1920.

In an overview of writings by and about Papinot, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 100+ publications in 7 languages and 1,200+ library holdings. 


Schlumbergera

Schlumbergera is a genus of cacti. The genus includes six species, originally found in south-eastern Brazil. These cacti, along with a number of cultivars are common houseplants. They are also known as "Christmas Cactus" or "Thanksgiving Cactus". This name refers to the time of the year when the cacti flourish, in Europe. In the wild, the cacti grow on trees as epiphytes or rocks, and can form shrubss up to high. The cacti do not have leaves, the green stem segments do photosynthesis. Charles Lemaire first described them in 1858. It is named after Frédéric Schlumberger a cactus collector and plant breeder.

Nestor (genus)

The genus Nestor is one of two genera of the family Nestoridae. Together with the Kakapo in the Strigopidae tribe, they form the small parrot superfamily Strigopoidea. The genus Nestor contains two extant parrot species from New Zealand and two extinct species from Norfolk Island, Australia and Chatham Island, New Zealand, respectively. All species are large stocky birds with short squarish tails.

Doyle's Delight

Doyle's Delight is the highest peak in Belize. It is 1124 m high. 

The name Doyle's Delight was first used by Sharon Matola in a 1989 report. The name is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's book "The Lost World" (1912). The book has the quote "there must be something wild and wonderful in a country such as this, and we're the men to find it out!".

Keel-billed toucan

The keel-billed toucan ("Ramphastos sulfuratus"), also known as sulfur-breasted toucan or rainbow-billed toucan, is a colorful Latin American member of the toucan family. It is the national bird of Belize.

The Keel-billed toucan can be found from Southern Mexico to Venezuela and Colombia. 

Like many toucans, Keel-billed is a very social bird, rarely seen alone. It travels in small flocks of about six to twelve individuals through lowland rainforests. It is a poor flyer, and moves mostly by hopping through trees. 

Including its bill, the Keel-billed Toucans ranges in length from around . Their large and colorful bill averages around . This is about one-third of its length. It weighs about . While the bill seems large and weighty, it is in fact a spongy, hollow bone covered in keratin, a very light and hard protein. 

The feathers of the Keel-billed toucan are mostly black with a yellow neck and chest. Molting happens once per year. It has blue feet and red feathers at the tip of its tail. The bill is mostly green with a red tip and orange sides.

Keel-billed toucans have two toes that face forward and two that face back. Because toucans spend a large part of time in the trees, this helps the birds to stay on the branches of the trees and hop from one branch to another.

Keel-billed toucans eat mostly a wide range of fruit, but may also eat insects, eggs, and reptiles. When eating fruit, it uses its bill to take apart the fruit, and then tosses its head back to swallow the fruit whole.

The female keel-billed toucan will lay 1-4 white eggs in a natural or already-made tree cavity. The male and female share in the caring of the eggs, both taking turns incubating. The eggs hatch about 15–20 days after being laid. After hatching, the male and female take turns feeding the chicks. When the chicks hatch, they have no feathers, and have their eyes closed for about 3 weeks. The chicks stay in their nest for eight to nine weeks while their bills develop fully.

Kim Hwang-sik

Kim Hwang-sik (; ; born 9 August 1948) is a South Korean lawyer and politician. He is the Prime Minister of South Korea. Before he became Prime Minister, he was Chairperson of the Board of Audit and Inspection. He was born in Jangseong, studied law at Marburg University (Germany) and graduated from Seoul National University.

Bight of Benin

The Bight of Benin is a bight on the western African coast. The bight is part of the Gulf of Guinea. The Republic of Benin and this bight were both named after the Benin Empire.

This area is known as the Slave Coast. This area was used heavily in the African slave trade.

Fon language

Fon is part of the Gbe language cluster. Fon is spoken mainly in Benin. There are about 1.7 million speakers. Like the other Gbe languages, Fon has a subject–verb–object word order.

Yoruba language

The Yoruba language is a Niger-Congo language spoken in West Africa. The number of speakers of Yoruba was thought to be 20 million in the 1990s. It is one of the languages in Nigeria, Benin, and Togo and in communities in other parts of Africa, Europe and the Americas.

South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone

The South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone was formed in 1986 by the United Nations. There goal is to promote cooperation and peace and security in the South Atlantic region. It especially wanted to limit nuclear weapons in these countries. 

Kuki, Saitama

The city has an estimated population of 153,392 (as of 1 June 2012) and the density of 1,900 people per km².

Kuki City absorbed the town known as Shobu on 23 March 2010. Kuki City is formed by the Minami Saitama District and includes the towns of Kurihashi and Washiyama, both from the Kitakatsushika District.
Kuki City is known for agriculture including rice, soba, plants and flowers.

Kuki, Saitama is approximately 50 kilometers (31 mi) north of Tokyo. The total area is 82.40 km². There is a river called Tone in the northeast and a river called Moto-Arakawa in the southwest.

Kuki, Saitama consists of four districts, followed by the wards included in each district as follows:

Kamihayami, Kamicho, Kukishin, Kukihon, Kukichuo, Honcho, Minami, Aoge, Aoba, Kukikita, Kurihara, Koguki, Nishi, Noguki, Kukihigashi, Yosiha, Ezura, Otabukuro, Kawaramachi, Kitaaoyanagi, Shimohayami, Hara, Hinokuchi, Yokebori, Kamikioku, Kitanakasone, Kiyokucho, Shimokiyoku, Tokorokuki, Rokumanbu

Shobucho Obayashi, Shobucho Kamiosaki, Shobucho Kamikayama, ShobuchoKawarai, Shobucho Sanga, Shobucho Shibayamashigo, Shobucho, Shimokayama, Shobucho Shobu, Shobucho Showanuma, Shobucho Dai, Shobucho Niibori

Arai, Isaka, Kawaradai, Kitahiroshima, Kotsuka, Kurihashi, Kurihashikita, Kurihashichuo, Kurihashihigashi, Kouemon, Sama, Shimakawa, Takayanagi, Nakazato, Makama, Matsunaga, Midori, Minamikurihashi

Kamiuchi, Kuhonji, Katsuume, Sakae, Sunahara, Nakatsuma, Washinomiya, Washinomiyachuo, Kamikawasaki, Sakurada, Sotono, Nishidaiwa, Higashidaiwa, Yatsuura

Transportation consists of 3 main train lines: the Tobu Isesaki Line, JR Higashi Nihon Utsunomiya Line, and the Tobu Nikko Line. Kuki Station is the central station. It is on the JR Higashi Nihon Utsunomiya and Tobu Isesaki Lines. The other station on the Tobu Isesaki Line is Washinomiya Station. Minami Kurihashi Sation and Kurihashi Station are on the Tobu Nikko Line.

Kuki, Saitama economy relies mostly on agriculture. This agriculture is mainly the cultivation of rice growing on the plateau in the low land. In addition, the cultivation of the strawberries is prosperous, too. The switch from growing rice to producing soba has reduced the acreage under cultivation policy, too and has become a special product recently.

Other than agriculture, Kuki, Saitama has also been known to have many various factories for mass-producing anything from small household items to car and mechanical parts. The industrial business is not as prosperous as their agricultural business, but is still growing as businesses have moved their factories and production outside of the bigger, major cities.

Sightseeing in Kuki, Saitama has also helped the economy with eco-tourism. In Kuki, Saitama, flowers are a major part of their sightseeing and eco-tourism as various flowers bloom throughout the four seasons as follows:

Early April

Early May

Mid May to Mid June

Early June to Mid June
Late June to Early July

Early October to Early November

Late October to Early November 

Being that Kuki, Saitama is set in more of an outdoor, nature setting. Spring is popular because of the blooming cherry blossoms, flowers and spring foliage. Fall is popular because of the beautiful color changes taking place as the leaves on the trees and plants change color from fall to autumn and begin to fall before winter season comes. Besides the beautiful cherry blossoms, flowers, trees and foliage of both seasons, you will love the feeling of having fewer people around as well as very few buildings around you, a feeling of freedom.

There is one other form of tourism in Kuki, Saitama that is as popular as other parts of Japan. That is visiting the various shrines in Kuki, Saitama to say your prayers to loved ones and family who have passed, ward off evil spirits, to wish for good luck in school, family, work and life in general. There is one shrine in particular that has gained fame over the years from Japanese and foreign tourists alike. This is the Washinomiya Shrine (formerly Washimiya Shrine). The oldest known record of this shrine can be found in the Azuma Kagami, which is the official historical record for the Kamakura Shogun. The Imperial family and even Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu had once occupied and helped make this shrine famous. The Washinomiya Shrine also holds many folk-art and culture events, including the famous Saibara-Kagura Festival. The traditional dance was handed down through generations and has been designated as a national folk-art and culture asset. The shrine also houses several ancient relics which are on display all the time for the public to view.
During the New Year season, the shrine receives over 100,000 visitors.

Kuki has a famous festival that runs from July 12th - July 18th. Seven floats are paid out from 7 towns and each one is decorated as a doll of the person who took a subject out of myths with too many things on a festival car and it is pulled a town and is turned in the daytime. It changes quickly to the lantern festival car which a doll is removed, and displayed 500 lanterns on the all sides of the festival car at night.
This lantern festival car becomes the biggest highlight as an event to color summer night. Expand for the musical accompaniment of the lively flute and gong, drum, and a youth in the town block turns a festival car said to be Seki Toichi, and the state to go round in the city is right the best part.

In Kuki, Saitama, there are 23 public elementary schools, 11 public junior high schools and 5 public high schools. The city has 4 civic gyms, 4 public pools and 4 public libraries.

Kuki, Saitama has an International Exchange program with sister cities Esk, Queensland, in Australia, and Roseburg, Oregon, in the United States.


Kang Gyeong-ae

Kang Kyŏng-ae (20 April 1906 – 26 April 1944) (, 姜敬愛) was a Korean novelist, poet and feminist. She was a labor activist and a writer for the political resistance movement.



First order logic

First order logic is a type of logic which is used in certain branches of mathematics and philosophy. First order logic enables the definition of a syntax which is independent of the mathematical or logical terms. 

In first order logic, reasoning can be done from two points of view: either using syntax alone, or including semantic terms. First order logic is different from propositional logic: In first order logic, there are "quantifiers", called "for all" (written as formula_1) and "there is at least one" (written as formula_2). Negation, conjunction, inclusive disjunction, exclusive disjunction and implication are all defined the same way as in propositional logic. Because of that, first order logic can be thought of as an extension of propositional logic. 

The completeness of first order logic, the result which asserts the equivalence between valid formulas and formal theorems, is established by Gödel. Together with Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory, first order logic is the foundation of many branches of modern mathematics.


Liaqat Hayat

Nawab Sir Liaqat Hyat Khan, KCIE (1887-1948) was a British Indian administrator and a Prime Minister of Patiala state in Punjab. He was the son of Nawab Muhammad Hyat Khan and elder brother of Sir Sikandar Hyat Khan.

Richard P. Barth

Richard P. Barth is the current Dean of the University of Maryland in Baltimore. He has been the school's dean, since 2006. He is also a founder and president of the American Academy of Social Work and Social Welfare, which was formed in 2009.

Dean Barth wrote the book "Social and Cognitive Treatment of Children and Adolescents" (1986). Moreover, he has also co-written nine other books "Preventing Adolescent Abuse" (1992), "From Child Abuse to Permanency Planning: Pathways Through Child Welfare Services" (1992), "Families Living with Drugs and HIV" (1993), "The Tender Years: Toward Developmentally-Sensitive Child Welfare Services" (1998), "The Child Welfare Challenge" (1992, 2000), and "Beyond Common Sense: Child Welfare, Child-Well-Being, and the Evidence for Policy Reform" (2006).

Tiger Palpatja

Tiger Palpatja (born about 1920 – died 16 April 2012) was an Australian Aboriginal artist from the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands.

Tiger was born around 1920 (though the exact year is not known). He was born in the bush, at a rockhole called Piltati, which is close to what is now Nyapaṟi in north-west South Australia. His family were Pitjantjatjara, and they lived a traditional, nomadic life in the bushland around Piltati. When he was a teenager, Tiger's family settled at Ernabella, which at the time was a Presbyterian mission and a sheep station. Tiger grew up on the mission, and learned to speak a little English in school there. He eventually got married to a woman named Nyalapanytja, and they lived in Ernabella for many years. Tiger worked on the station, shearing sheep and building fences.

In the 1970s, Tiger and his family moved to Amaṯa, closer to his homeland. When he got older, Tiger became a "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer), an important and respected role in traditional Pitjantjatjara communities. In 1997, the women at Amaṯa began a community art centre, originally called Minymaku Arts. The word "minymaku" means "women's", and they called it this because, at the time, Pitjantjatjara men did not like to paint. After several men began painting in the early 2000s, the centre's name was changed to Tjala Arts.

Tiger started painting in September 2004, less than eight years before his death. He had never painted before this, and was better known for woodworking, especially making spears. Although he only began painting in his final years, his work quickly became recognised by critics. In 2005, Tiger was a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award. He became a finalist three more time before his death, in 2006, 2010, and 2011, but he never won. He was also a finalist in the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards in 2009, and again in 2011. Tiger mainly painted for Tjala Arts, but from 2009 he also began working for Tjungu Palya in nearby Nyapaṟi.

Tiger's painted sacred stories from his Dreaming, mostly to do with Piltati, where he was born. This place is associated with a creation story involving two sisters and their husbands, who change themselves into Wanampi (a giant water snake). According to Tiger's Dreaming, the Wanampi are his family's ancestors who created the country around Piltati. The snake's form can be seen in many of Tiger's paintings, usually painted several different colours. His paintings were known for their bright colours, as opposed to the traditional natural ochre colours used by many other artists of the Western Desert.

Tiger died on 16 April 2012, over the age of 90. While he was alive, his paintings were exhibited in several major cities, including Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Fremantle and Perth. His work is now held in permanent galleries in most of these cities. He also had work exhitied overseas: at the University of Virginia in 2006, and in Singapore in 2008. His paintings are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, the Australian National University, Charles Darwin University, Flinders University, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.


Boidae

Boidae, commonly known as boa or boas, is a family of nonvenomous snakes that includes the boa constrictor and anaconda. Most are found in America but some are in Africa, Europe, Asia and on some Pacific islands. Their common names are boas or boids. 

Adults are medium to large in size, with females usually larger than the males. There are two subfamilies with eight genera and 43 species. 

Angela Fong

Angela Carolyn Fong (born February 3, 1985) is a Canadian former professional wrestler and actress. She is best known for her time at World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). She was known by the ring name Miss Angela during her time at Florida Championship Wrestling. She was later known by the name Savannah when she was the a ring announcer for ECW on SyFy and the official ring announcer for season one of WWE NXT. Fong was also a cheerleader for the Canadian Football League's BC Lions.


Once Caldas

Corporación Deportiva Once Caldas is a Colombian association football team, based in Manizales. In 2004 they won the Copa Libertadores de América, the main South American football competition.

Loquat

A loquat is a tropical fruit that grows on a tree. Since it is tropical, it will only grow in a warm, wet climate. It grows in Spain, Italy, Portugal, Turkey, India and Iran. 

Loquats are yellow or orange and contain large brown seeds. People eat the skin or peel the fruit. 

Chibougamau

Chibougamau is a town in central Quebec, Canada, located on Lake Gilman.

Bit (horse)

A bit is a type of equipment that is put in a horse's mouth to help control it. It is attached to a bridle to hold it on the horse's head, and to reins which the rider holds and allows them to control and cue the horse. The mouthpiece of the bit is the part that goes into the horses mouth. It is usually made of metal, but may also be made of plastic or rubber.

There are many different types of bits, including snaffles, pelhams, and curb bits. They all work a little differently. Some bits are "softer" than others, meaning that a pull on it is gentler to the horse than a "harsh" bit. For example, bits with a smooth mouthpiece are soften than those with a twisted mouthpiece. Bits are not cruel when used correctly, but a rider that pulls too hard can hurt a horse's mouth, especially if they use a harsh bit. If a rider is inexperienced, they should ride with a softer bit so when they make mistakes they do not hurt the horse. Experienced riders who can follow the horse's mouth as the horse moves and give very slight cues can use bits that are harsher. They have the skill to use the bits for very fine control over the horse, without hurting it. 

Certain bits are commonly used in certain horse activities. For example, western style riding usually uses a curb bit. English style usually uses a type of snaffle, although certain horses may be put in a different type of bit. Saddleseat riding and high levels of dressage riding use a double bridle. This is a bridle that holds 2 bits. Each bit works a little differently so the rider can cue the horse to do different things. The rider must ride with 2 reins in each hand. This requires the rider to be skilled so they can handle both reins without confusing the horse.

Mazie Hirono

Mazie Keiko Hirono (born November 3, 1947) is an American politician. She is best known as the first Asian-American woman elected to the US Senate.

Hirono was born in Fukushima, Japan. At the age of 8, she emigrated to Hawaii with her mother. She became a US citizen in 1959. She considers herself among the "Issei" who are immigrants born in Japan.

Hirono was elected three times to the US House of Representatives. She was a member of Congress for Hawaii's 2nd congressional district before she was elected to the US Senate in 2012.

In May 2017, Hirono was diagnosed with kidney cancer.

Organisation internationale de la Francophonie

Francophonie is an international organization of politics and governments with French as the main language. The countries have a large number of people who are francophones (French speakers), or where there is a notable affiliation with the French language or culture.

It used to be called the Organisation internationale de la francophonie (OIF) or the International Organization of the Francophonie. There are 56 member states and governments, 3 associate members, and 19 observers. The modern organization was created in 1970. Its motto is "equality, complementarity, and solidarity". Its present Secretary General is Louise Mushikiwabo since 2019

French geographer Onésime Reclus made the word "Francophonie" in 1880. It is used to refer to the community of people and countries using the French language.

Community of Sahel-Saharan States

The Community of Sahel-Saharan States (CEN-SAD) aims to create a free trade area.

CEN-SAD was started in February 1998 by six countries. Since then its membership has grown to 29. One of its main goals is to get economic unity through the free movement of people and goods. This is to make the member states a free trade area.

Founding members:

Countries that joined later:

African Petroleum Producers Association

African Petroleum Producers Association is an organisation of African countries that produce petroleum. It was founded in 1986. The headquarters of the organisation are in Brazzaville in the Congo.

The members of the African Petroleum Producers Association:

Niger Basin Authority

The Niger Basin Authority is an intergovernmental organisation in West Africa. They manage and develop the resources of the basin of the Niger River. The group is called by both French and English acronyms, NBA or ABN.

The organisation was founded in 1964 as the River Niger Commission. On 21 November 1980, it was refounded as the Niger Basin Authority.
Nine nations are members: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea, Mali, Niger and Nigeria. While a small area of Algeria is in the Niger Basin, it is not a member of the NBA. The organisation is based in Niamey. They work in both French and English.

Slave Coast

The Slave Coast was a name for the coastal areas of present Togo, Benin (formerly Dahomey) and western Nigeria. This is a fertile region of coastal Western Africa along the Bight of Benin. In pre-colonial times it was one of the most densely populated parts of Africa. It was one of the most important places for the Atlantic slave trade from the early 16th century to the 19th century.

The slave trade became so large in the 18th and 19th centuries that an “Atlantic community” was formed. Slaves went to the New World, mostly to Brazil and the Caribbean. Ports that exported these slaves from Africa include Ouidah, Lagos, Aného (Little Popo), Grand-Popo, Agoué, Jakin, Porto-Novo, and Badagry.

Researchers think that between 2 and 3 million slaves were exported out of this region. They were traded for goods like alcohol and tobacco from the Americas and textiles from Europe. Religions, architectural styles, languages, knowledge, and other new goods were mixed at this time.

After slavery was ended by European countries, the slave trade continued for a time with independent traders (instead of government agents).


French Dahomey

Dahomey was a French colony. It was part of French West Africa from 1904 to 1958. In 1947, Dahomey became part of the French Union and had more freedom. On 11 December 1958, the French Fifth Republic was started. The colony became the self-governing Republic of Dahomey. Two years later on 1 August 1960 the country had full independence. In 1975 it changed its name to Benin.

People's Republic of Benin

The People's Republic of Benin was a socialist state in the Gulf of Guinea on the African continent. It became present-day Benin. The People's Republic was started on November 30, 1975, after the 1972 coup d'état in the Republic of Dahomey. It lasted until March 1, 1990, with a new constitution. The end of Marxism-Leninism in the nation was in 1989.

Flag of Benin

The national flag of Benin was adopted in 1959. It was changed after the Marxist regime started in 1975. When that regime ended the old design was reintroduced on August 1, 1990. The colours are the traditional Pan-African colours : green symbolizes hope, yellow symbolizes wealth and red symbolizes courage.

Coat of arms of Benin

The coat of arms of Benin, was introduced in 1964. It was replaced in 1975. Then it was readopted in 1990.

At the top of the emblem is the national crest that has two horns with corn in the ear and filled with sand. These are to stand for prosperity. Below the crest is a shield that has the actual coat of arms of Benin. 

The shield is broken into four quadrants. The top left quadrant has a castle in the style of the Somba. This is for the history of Benin. In the top right quadrant, is the Star of Benin. This is the highest award of the nation. Below this is a ship, that stands for the arrival of Europeans in Benin. In the lower left quadrant is a palm tree.

The shield is supported by a pair of leopards, the national animal of Benin. Below the shield is the motto of Benin (Fellowship, Justice, Work) in French.

L'Aube nouvelle

"L'Aube Nouvelle" is the national anthem of Benin. In English, the name is "The Dawn of a New Day". It was written and composed by Gilbert Jean Dagnon. It was adopted when the Republic of Dahomey became independent from France in 1960.

When Dahomey became Benin in 1975, the anthem was kept, with small changes to the words to fit the new name of the country.

Zinc finger

Zinc finger nucleases (or ZFN) was a tool used to target genes and change DNA. It was one of three methods of changing the genome with engineered nucleases. It is now superseded.

Zinc fingers are man-made molecules made of a protein and zinc. Each binds to a specific DNA. Zinc-finger nucleases (ZFNs) are enzymes got by fusing a zinc finger to a DNA cleavage enzyme called a "Fokl". So the ZFN binds onto a specific DNA sequence, then snips it in two places. Regular cell enzymes stick the ends together, minus the bit snipped out (DNA repair).

Each ZFN is made to use on a single gene which is called a “target gene” or “target DNA”. They can be designed to work on specific parts of genes to create a desired change. The two types of DNA changes are mutations such as deletions and insertions. Genetics research looks at the mutated subjects (animals, plants, bacteria) to find out what the particular gene does.

'Zinc finger' is the name of many protein structures. The zinc atom binds the proteins and makes them more stable. ZFNs bind to DNA base pairs. One zinc finger can bind about 3 base pairs by itself. 

Zinc finger nucleases are made with 3-6 zinc fingers. ZFNs have two important domains: a DNA-binding domain and a DNA-cleavage domain. The DNA-cleavage domain uses an enzyme called "Fokl" that breaks DNA. 

ZFN’s can only change DNA sequences they are designed for. The DNA-binding domain binds to a specific DNA sequence. Two ZFN’s designed for the same DNA sequence are needed change one gene. The DNA-binding domains bind to both strands on the DNA double helix. DNA-cleaving domains break the DNA strand and cut the gene base pairs out. Cells fix broken DNA strands on their own using DNA repair. Deletion mutations result from missing base pairs after DNA repair. 

The length of target gene sequence can also be specified. A minimum of 9 base pairs can be changed using 3 zinc fingers. This is useful for removing and inserting very short DNA sequences and determining their effect on the target gene. Also large sequences can be changed using more than one ZFN. 

ZFNs were used to discover gene functions in many genetics studies. ZFNs could be used to change DNA on any species. Another feature of ZFNs is that they can be used "in vivo" (in living organisms). They were used on model organisms: plants, insects, and fish. 

The biggest issue with ZFNs was accidentally altering genes besides the target gene. A ZFN must be made to find the right base pairs on the target gene. These base pairs are chosen so only the target gene will have them. DNA-cleavage domains work on any DNA sequence so binding to a wrong gene sequence will change it instead. ZFNs that knock out base pairs for more than one gene are not considered accurate.

ZFNs have now been superseded by techniques called CRISPR. Crisper techniques are easier to use, less costly and have a much wider range of uses.

Mont Sokbaro

Mont Sokbaro is the highest point of Benin. The altitude is . It is on the border between Benin and Togo.

John Lawrence

Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence, GCB, GCSI, PC (4 March 1811 – 27 June 1879), better known as Lawrence of the Punjab was a famous British colonial officer, administrator and statesman in British India. He had the distinction of serving as the Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab and later Viceroy of India from 1864 to 1869. He was the younger brother of Sir Henry Lawrence. 

The Lawrence Gardens, Lahore (now renamed "Bagh i Jinnah") were originally named after John Lawrence.

W National Park

The W Regional Park is a major national park in West Africa. It is formed around a meander in the River Niger shaped like a "W". The park includes areas of the three countries Niger, Benin and Burkina Faso.

The W National Park of Niger was formed by decree on 4 August 1954. In 1996 it was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 
In the three nations, the Regional park covers about 10,000 km². Almost no people live in this area.

The park is known for its large mammals, including aardvarks, baboons, buffalo, caracal, cheetahs, elephants, hippopotamuses, leopards, lions, serval and warthogs. The park has a home for some of West Africa's last wild African Elephants. The W Park used to have packs of the endangered Painted Hunting Dog. The National Park is one of the last strongholds for the Northwest African cheetah. There is a small but increasing population of at least 15-25 animals of this rare cat in the park. 

The W area is also known for its bird populations. There are over 350 species identified in the park.

Pendjari National Park

The Pendjari National Park is in north western Benin. It is next to the Arli National Park in Burkina Faso. It is named for the Pendjari River. The national park is known for its wildlife and is home to some of the last populations of big game like elephants, West African lions, hippopotamuses, buffalo and various antelopes in West Africa. The Park is also famous for its variety of birds.

The Pendjari National Park has an area of 2755 square kilometres. The park is part of the WAP complex. The WAP complex is the W, Arli and Pendjari parks. This is a large protected area in Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger. 

Nkroful

Nkroful is a village in Ghana. The village is known because it was the birthplace of Kwame Nkrumah, the first president of Ghana who led the country to independence from the United Kingdom. He is also buried there. 

The local language spoken in Nkroful is the Akan language dialect Nzema but Fante is also spoken.

Spring (device)

A spring is a device typically made of metal, usually steel.

The metal can be compressed (squeezed). When the compression force is removed, the spring returns to its original length. The metal is usually spring steel, and it is wound tightly. There is lot of varitions with size and type, example some springs have designed for pulling, not pushing. Gas-springs are often used with vehicles tailgate.

Simple non-coiled springs were used throughout human history e.g., the bow. In the Bronze Age more advanced spring devices were used, as shown by the spread of tweezers in many cultures. Ctesibius of Alexandria developed a method for making bronze with spring-like characteristics by producing an alloy of bronze with an increased proportion of tin, and then hardening it by hammering after it is cast.

Coiled springs appeared early in the 15th century, in door locks. The first spring powered-clocks appeared in that century. They evolved into the first large watches by the 16th century.

In 1676 British physicist Robert Hooke discovered the principle behind springs' action, that the force it exerts is proportional to its extension, now called Hooke's law.

The Fens

The Fens, or , are a naturally marshy region in eastern England. Most of the fens were drained several centuries ago. They are now mostly a flat, damp, low-lying agricultural region.

A "fen" is an individual area of marshland or former marshland. The marsh is (or was) neutral or alkaline water with relatively large quantities of dissolved minerals, but few other plant nutrients.

The Fenland is mostly around the coast of the Wash. It includes parts of four counties: Lincolnshire, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk and a small area of Suffolk. The whole occupies an area of nearly .

Most of the Fenland lies within a few metres of sea level. As with similar areas in the Netherlands, much of the Fenland originally consisted of fresh- or salt-water wetlands, which have been artificially drained. They are protected from floods by drainage banks and pumps. With the support of this drainage system, the Fenland has become a major arable agricultural region in Britain for grains and vegetables. The Fens are particularly fertile, containing around half of the grade 1 agricultural land in England.

The Fens include the churches and cathedrals of Ely, Ramsey, Crowland, Thorney and Peterborough.
Other significant settlements in the Fens include Cambridge, Boston, Spalding, Wisbech and King's Lynn.

The Fens are very low-lying compared with the chalk and limestone uplands that surround them – in most places no more than 10 m above sea level. As a result of drainage and shrinkage of the peat fens, many parts of the Fens now lie below the average sea level. Although one writer in the seventeenth century described the Fenland as all lying above sea level (in contrast to the Netherlands), the area is now home to the lowest land point in the United Kingdom. That is Holme Fen in Cambridgeshire, about 2.75 metres below sea level. Within the Fens there are a few hills, which have historically been called "islands" as they remained dry when the low-lying fens around them were flooded. The largest of the fen-islands is the Isle of Ely, on which the cathedral city of Ely was built; its highest point is 39 m above mean sea-level.

Without artificial drainage and flood protection, the Fens would be liable to periodic flooding, particularly in winter due to the heavy load of water flowing down from the uplands and overflowing the rivers. Some areas of the Fens were once permanently flooded, creating small lakes or "meres", while others were only flooded during periods of high water. In the pre-modern period arable farming was limited to the higher areas. These were the surrounding uplands, the fen islands and the so-called "Townlands" on the Wash where the towns had their arable fields. Though these lands were lower than the peat fens before the peat shrinkage began, the more stable silt soils were reclaimed by medieval farmers and embanked against any floods coming down from the peat areas or from the sea. The rest of the Fenland was dedicated to pastoral farming, fishing, fowling and the harvesting of reeds or sedge, for example for thatch. In this way, the medieval and early modern Fens were in contrast to the rest of southern England, which was mainly an arable agricultural region.

Since modern drainage in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, the Fens have been radically transformed, so that today arable farming has almost entirely replaced pastoral. The economy of the Fens is heavily invested in the production of crops such as grains, vegetables and some cash crops such as rapeseed or canola.

Cult suicide

An incident where all members of a group considered a cult kill themselves has been called a cult suicide. In some cases, all or nearly all members commit suicide at the same time and place. Very often, this has been arranged as a mass suicide.

Groups that have committed such mass suicides and that have been called cults include Heaven's Gate, Order of the Solar Temple, and Peoples Temple. There are other cases, where the respective group has supported mass suicide, but where it did not encourage all members to kill themselves. An example for such a case is that of the Filippians.



Destructive cult

A destructive cult is a cult or other religious movement which has caused harm to its members or other people, or which will likely do so. There is a discussion of what "harm" really means in this context. For most researchers, it includes "physical harm", so organisations who injure or kill their members qualify.

Some researchers also include mental abuse in this notion of harm, for example: "A destructive cult is a pyramid-shaped authoritarian regime with a person or group of people that have dictatorial control. It uses deception in recruiting new members (e.g. people are NOT told up front what the group is, what the group actually believes and what will be expected of them if they become members". Psychologist Michael Langone defines a destructive cult as "a highly manipulative group which exploits and sometimes physically and/or psychologically damages members and recruits". Lifton's "Eight criteria for thought reform" are criteria to identify a destructive cult.

The use of the term "destructive cult" has also been criticised. According to some researchers, the term has been used to describe groups which are not necessarily harmful to themselves or others. The term may be used too widely, and equated with the deaths of members of Peoples Temple at Jonestown. Some complain that the term has been used to discredit groups. Lorne L. Dawson writes that though the Unification Church "has not been shown to be violent or volatile," it has been described as a destructive cult by "anticult crusaders".

The German Federal Constitutional Court ruled in 2002, that the German government defamed the Osho movement by referring to it, among other things, as a "destructive cult". The court decided that "destructive cult" and other expressions employed by the government to describe the group had no factual basis to justify their use.

Doomsday cult

A doomsday cult is a new religious movement or cult that says that the world is about to end. According to these cults, there will be a catastrophe. The only way to be saved is by joining the group, and by doing what it says. John Lofland first used the term in 1966, in a study of the Unification Church. Some researchers believe that the term should not be used by mass media or by governments, because it will reinforce the beliefs of the respective group, and lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy. 

Examples of groups said to be doomsday cults include the Peoples Temple, the Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, and Aum Shinrikyo. Aum Shinrikyo was responsible for an Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995, where thirteen people died. The People's Temple organised a forced mass suicide in Guyana, at a facility now known as "Jonestown", where over 900 people died. The Movement for the Restoration of the Ten commandments, in Uganda, predicted the end of the world would be on the 31st December 1999. When it did not come, people in the movement became skeptical, and wanted their property back, which they had donated to the church leader. At a religious service on 17th March 2000, the church where the service was held was put on fire, and 530 people died. During the inquiry, the police found other people dead, at the properties of the movement; they had likely been poisoned. In total, over 1000 people had died. The leader of the movement survived, and has not been seen since then. 

In "Globalisation and the Future of Terrorism", Brynjar Lia notes that "Doomsday cults are nothing new," but also states that they are "relatively few". Lia cites the mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple at Jonestown, Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, the use of salmonella as a poison by followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, and actions of Aum Shinrikyo as examples, noting that: "...during the past decades one has witnessed a number of increasingly violent doomsday sects, inflicting mass violence on their members and, in rare cases, also on outsiders".

New religious movement

New religious movement is a term that is used for certain religious communities. Such communities are usually small, compared to world religions. Very often, they do not have a long history. In most cases, the following will be true:

Other names for such movements include sect and cult. They are problematic though, because they have a negative connotation. Examples for movements that have been called cults are Scientology, Transcendental Meditation, Unification Church, Family International also called "Children of God", Branch Davidians, Heaven's Gate and Wicca. 

Richard Hildreth

Richard Hildreth (June 28, 1807 – July 11, 1865), was an American journalist, author and historian. He is best known for writing his six-volume "History of the United States of America, 1849-1853."

In an overview of writings by and about Hildreth, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 270 works in 870+ publications in 11 languages and 12,800+ library holdings. 


George H. Kerr

George H. Kerr (November 7, 1911 – August 27, 1992), also known in Taiwan as 葛超智 (or 柯喬治), was an American diplomat, author and academic.

In an overview of writings by and about Kerr, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 270 works in 870+ publications in 11 languages and 12,800+ library holdings. 



George Kerr

George Kerr may mean


Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt

Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt (July 29, 1861 – February 14, 1884) was the first wife of Teddy Roosevelt. She died in 1884. She was of Mexican descent and born in Texas. She had 1 child with her husband.

Richard Mason (historian)

Richard Henry Pitt Mason (3 March 1934 – 27 June 2009), also known as R.H.P. Mason, was an Australian academic, historian and Japanologist. He was a professor at the Australian National University in Canberra.

In an overview of writings by and about Mason, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 10+ works in 50+ publications in 5 languages and 1,900+ library holdings. 


Abdominal migraine

Abdominal migraine (AM) is a kind of migraine which causes severe pain in the area of the abdomen. The pain is usually around the navel (belly button) area, which is called the "periumbilical area".

It is most common in children starting at about age 7, but younger and older children may also get it. Usually, abdominal migraines stop by the time children become teenagers. However, children who have had them are more likely to have migraine headaches when they are adults. Sometimes adults also have abdominal migraines.

Abdominal migraine causes "paroxysmal attacks" - attacks that happen suddenly, and happen again and again. The attacks can last from 1–72 hours, but they usually last less than 6 hours. They happen about one-third more often in females than in males.

Abdominal migraines can cause other symptoms along with bad pain in the abdomen. People with AM usually have at least two of these other symptoms: nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite (not wanting to eat), headache, photophobia (being bothered by lights), and pallor (pale skin).

AM is more common in children of women who have had migraine headaches. This suggests that AM may have a genetic cause (a cause that is passed down from parents to their children).

Abdominal migraines can cause many different symptoms. A person having an AM may have all of these symptoms, or only a few.

To diagnose abdominal migraine, first a doctor takes a patient's clinical history (where the doctor gathers information about the medical problems and medical treatments the patient has had). The doctor also takes a family history (gathering information about family members' health), because many medical problems may be "inheritable medical conditions". This means that the problems may be passed down from parents to children, possibly because of problems in the family's genes. Most people with abdominal migraines have family members (especially mothers) who have also had migraines.

Before making a final diagnosis of abdominal migraine, a doctor must rule out "differential diagnoses". These are other medical problems which could cause the same symptoms. The doctor must make sure that the patient doesn't actually have one of these other problems:

Richard Mason

Richard Mason may refer to:


Richard Mason (novelist)

Richard Mason (16 May 1919-13 October 1997) was a British novelist and screenwriter. He is best known for writing "The World of Suzie Wong". The book was adapted into a Broadway play in 1958. Mason's work became the basis for the 1960 film starring William Holden and Nancy Kwan.

Among Mason's film screenplays was "At Town Like Alice". His work was nominated for the 1956 BAFTA British screenplay award.

In an overview of writings by and about Mason, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 20+ works in 180+ publications in 15 languages and 1,400+ library holdings. 


Jacques Prévert

Jacques Prévert (; 4 February 1900 – 11 April 1977) was a French poet and screenwriter. who wrote the screnario of "Les Enfants du Paradis".

His parents were André Prévert and Suzanne Catusse. Jacques Prévert was married to Simone Dienne (1925 – 1946) then divorced and re-married to Janine Tricotet (1947 – 1977).


Shotokan

In the past, people practiced this martial art in many countries. Shotokan is still popular in modern culture. Karate is primarily a combat sport done with bare hands. That is the meaning of "Kara-te": "empty hand". So then the only weapons that can be used against a fighter are parts of the body. 

There are many styles of karate in different parts of the world. Shotokan is a style of karate that comes mainly from a small island south of Japan named Okinawa Island. The person who began this martial art was Gichin Funakoshi. This master practised karate all his life. He taught for many years and he wrote a book about his art.

In 1939, Funakoshi established the first "Shotokan" "dojo".
To exercise you must wear a karate uniform and a belt that tells what your level of experience is.
The order of karate belts is as follows for beginner to advanced levels: white, yellow, orange, green, blue, purple, brown and black. (The order of the belts may vary depending on the style of karate). After the black belt, there are nine more levels before finishing all notions of karate. 

In a fight, you must wear shin guards, gloves, a chest protector and a mouth piece. 

Karate is beneficial to maintain good physical and mental shape. First, this discipline allows us to maintain good muscle tone. This is good for succeed as the strikes in karate take strength.
Flexibility is also developed as karate requires that one performs high kicks and jumps. In addition, better endurance is necessarily because in the fight, fighters always need a good breath.

For mental well-being, karate promotes greater self-esteem, because it is an individual sport. The students progress at their own pace and one learns to overcome. In fact, it is a physical activity, so it helps to release stress and feel less pressure. In addition, Karate improves concentration because the fighter must be more attentive to his mind and his body. Having good concentration is an advantage. When someone is hurting during a fight, with his concentration he can no longer feel pain. Also, the fighter has to watch the eyes of his opponent and thinki about what he can do to catch him off guard.


Acephalgic migraine

An Acephalgic migraine( also known as a 'Silent migraine') is a kind of migraine without the head pain. Acephalgic is Latin for "without head pain"). Most kinds of migraines start before a person is 30-years-old but this kind of migraine usually starts sometime during middle-age, which is after 40-years-old, and becomes more common as a person gets older. Unlike other migraines, males have Acephalgic migraines more often then women do.

An acephalgic migraine may cause "neurologic dysfunction" in some people, which is when parts of the brain does not function right, and causes different kinds of problems, such as seeing flashing lights or having blind spots, where nothing can be seen. These kinds of "neurologic dysfunction" are known as an aura.

Anal stricture

Anal stricture (also called "anal stenosis") is a medical problem that is not common; it may be "congenital" (a baby is born with a medical problem), but usually if it does happen it is after "anorectal surgery", which is surgery in the area of the rectum and anus. This may cause "stricture" (when a passage in the body becomes too narrow) of the anal canal, which leads to hard or painful bowel movements. When anal stenosis does occur it is usually after a "hemorrhoidectomy," which is the surgical removal of hemorrhoids; this is the cause in 90% of cases of anal stenosis.

Mild stenosis can be treated with stool softeners or fiber (which come from plant foods) supplements (in pill or powder form). When the narrowing of the anal canal is not too much, an operation called a "sphincterotomy" can be done to correct the problem. This is an operation done on the internal anal sphincter muscle, a round muscle inside the anal canal. In cases where the anal canal becomes very narrow, an operation called an "anoplasty" is done. This is "reconstructive surgery" (also known as "plastic surgery") of the anus.

Mexican standoff

A Mexican standoff is a three person duel. In a two person duel the person who shoots first has the advantage. In a Mexican duel it is different. If person A shoots B, then person C has the advantage as they can shoot person A while they are busy. So in a Mexican standoff nobody wants to be the first one to shoot. As well as this, nobody can take the risk of backing down. The term is often used to describe a confrontation between two equals, where neither side will gain a winning advantage by being the first to shoot, but neither side can risk backing down. The Cold War between the USA and the Soviet Union is often described as being a Mexican standoff, with neither country prepared to be the first to risk using nuclear weapons.

The idea of a Mexican standoff is often used as part of the plot in movies.

This page mentioned, but misquoted, in the last scene of The Big Bang Theory episode #506. 

Mughal dynasty

The Mughal dynasty, or Great Moguls or simply Moguls or Muguls (a corruption of the word 'Mongol') were a dynasty of Muslim rulers who came from Central Asia and founded the Mughal Empire in medieval South Asia. It was a branch of the Timurid dynasty founded by Tamerlane.

The Mughal dynasty is generally divided into the following:



D. H. Lawrence

David Herbert Lawrence (11 September 1885 – 2 March 1930) was an English writer. He was born in Eastwood, Nottinghamshire. He wrote under the pen name D. H. Lawrence. He wrote "Sons and Lovers", "The Rainbow", "Odour of Chrysanthemums", "The Virgin and The Gypsy", "Women in Love" and "Lady Chatterley's Lover". He died of tuberculosis in Vence, France.

He also did some poetry and one of his poems was "Last Lesson of the Afternoon."

Falconidae

Falconidae is a family of birds with 60 species of diurnal birds of prey. The family has two subfamiles, Polyborinae, which includes the caracaras and forest falcons, and Falconinae, which includes the falcons, kestrels and falconets.

The peregrine falcon is another famous falcon.

Louis Cavagnari

Sir Pierre Louis Napoleon Cavagnari, KCB CSI (1841–1879), was a British military administrator in British India. He was the son of Count Louis Adolphus Cavagnari, from Parma, Italy, 

He later obtained naturalization as a British citizen, and entered the military service of the East India Company.In 1861 he was appointed an assistant commissioner in the Punjab region of British India, and in 1877 became deputy commissioner of Peshawar (now in Pakistan) and took part in several expeditions against the Pathan tribes.

In September 1878 he was attached to the staff of a British mission to Kabul, Afghanistan, which the Afghans refused to accept on their soil. In May 1879, after the British-Indian forces had invaded Afghanistan, and the death of Afghan Emir Sher, Cavagnari negotiated and signed the Treaty of Gandamak with Sher Ali's son and successor, Yaqub Khan. With this treaty, the Afghans agreed to admit a British representative to Kabul. The post was conferred on Cavagnari. He took up his residence in July 1879. However, on 3 September 1879, Cavagnari and the other European members of the mission, along with their guards who were made up of soldiers of the Corps of Guides, were killed after Afghan troops mutinied against them.

Corps of Guides

The Corps of Guides was a regiment of the British Indian Army which was formed and served mostly in the North-West Frontier Province of British India. It had a unique composition of being part infantry and part cavalry.

The idea for raising such a body of troops was Sir Henry Lawrence's. He appointed a young officer, Lt. Harry Lumsden as its commandant and on 6 February 1847 Lumsden took over his famous command. The class or tribal composition of the men recruited for 'The Guides' was mostly of Pathans of the region. The headquarters of the Guides was at Mardan (now in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). 

After 1947 and the independence of Pakistan, the Guides regiment became part of the Pakistan Army. Its infantry section was incorporated into the Frontier Force Regiment while its cavalry side became the Guides Cavalry.

Wah Cantonment

Wah Cantonment, also known as Wah or Wah Cantt (Punjabi, Urdu: واہ) is a city in the Rawalpindi District in Punjab, Pakistan. It is a military garrison city that sprung up around the Pakistan Ordnance Factory and a cantonment with Pakistan Army barracks and other facilities. It has a proper market, hospital, schools, colleges and other civic facilities, and many areas for people to live. 

It is near the much older Wah village, along the Grand Trunk Road (GT Road). Wah villiage is a small but scenic and historical place. It is the birthplace of a famous Punjabi leader and statesman, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, Khattar.

Sable

The sable ("Martes zibellina") is a species of marten in forest environments.

Civil union

In some countries, a civil union is a contract between two people which gives them rights similar to those they can obtain in marriage. In countries where it is allowed, a civil union is often available to people of the same sex; marriage is often limited to people of opposite sex. The first country to introduce civil unions was Denmark, in 1989. In Denmark, a civil union was limited to people of the same sex. These people got the same rights and duties as married people. In 2010, such couples were also allowed to adopt children. As of 2012, Denmark allows people of the same sex to marry, and the civil union is no longer available.

Louis Cullen

Louis Michael Cullen (born 1932) is an Irish diplomat, academic, historian, author and Japanologist. He is Professor of Modern Irish History at Trinity College in Dublin.

Cullen's family came from New Ross in County Wexford. He earned a Master's degree at University College Galway. he was awarded a doctorate at the London School of Economics. 

Cullen joined the Irish Diplomatic Corps. He was posted Paris where he began research into the historic trading links between Ireland and France.

In 1963, he became a lecturer in history at Trinity College. He was appointed professor in 1972.

In an overview of writings by and about Cullen, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 70+ works in 150+ publications in 7 languages and 4,600+ library holdings. 


Palin, Arunachal Pradesh

Palin is a hillstation town in the Kurung Kumey district of Arunachal Pradesh. It is inhabited by Nyishi tribe of Arunachal Pradesh. It has a population of around 20,000 (2011 census).

The town has an average elevation of .

Palin has a subtropical highland climate (Cwb in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are warm with very high rainfall. Winters are mild with moderate rainfall. It has very hilly and high geographical terrain. Most of time it is covered by clouds. The area is windy in nature.

Palin and the areas around it are mainly populated by people of the Nyishi tribe. Nyokum, an agricultural festival of the Nyishis, is the main festival celebrated in the town. Beside Nyokum, Christmas,Diwali and Dusherra are also celebrated with great pomp and Joy.

The town's has a Roman Catholic church called the Holy Rosary Church. It was consecrated by the Bishop of Itanagar. It reflects the extensive Christian influence and provides good views of Palin and the surrounding countryside.

Holy Rosay Catholic Churh is one of largest Catholic Church in the state. It is located at the hilltop in the town.

Palin river one of the tributaries of River Subansiri flows through this town .The river ideal for river rafting,fishing and for picnics.

From here tourist places like Ziro, Parshuram Kund(in Lohit), Malinithan(in Siang), Bhishmak Nagar (in Dibang Valley) are also easily accessible by roads.

 India census, Palin has a population of 11251.
The Nyishis are the indegenious inhabitants of the area.

Palin is situated at mid-northern part of Arunachal Pradesh. The District Highway connect Palin to the other part of Arunachal and India. Regular Bus and Tata sumo services are available from Itanagar, Ziro etc. 


Veterinary medicine

Veterinary medicine is a branch of medicine that deals with the health of animals. It is the study and practice of preventing, diagnosing and treating disease and injuries in animals. Veterinary medicine covers all species of animals, including both domesticated animals and wild animals.

People who study and practice veterinary medicine professionally are called veterinarians (often known as "vets").

Veterinary science tries to help human health by monitoring and controlling zoonotic diseases (infectious diseases transmitted from animals to humans).


Ryan O'Marra

Ryan O'Marra (born June 9, 1987) is a Japanese-born Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a 33 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Edmonton Oilers and the Anaheim Ducks.

O'Marra was drafted 15th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry draft by the New York Islanders but never played a game with them although he did play 8 games with their AHL farm team, Bridgeport Sound Tigers. O'Marra was born in Tokyo, Japan to Irish Canadian parents. He moved to Canada when he was one year old.

On March 26, 2015, O'Marra announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


Kumagaya

It has been recognized as a special city since 2009.

The city has an estimated population of 153,392 (as of 1 June 2012) and the density of 1,270.8 people per km².
Kumagaya has a total area is 159.88 km².


Zomi Revolutionary Army

The Zomi Revolutionary Army (ZRA) is a nationalist separatist group dedicated to the defense of ethnic Zomi people. It fights for the reunification of Zomi people, whose homelands are split between in Myanmar (Chin State), Bangladesh (Chittagong Hill Tracts) and North-east India (Manipur and Mizoram). It aims to unite all Zomi people under one governing unit, known as a Zogam, meaning "land of the Zomi".

Gichin Funakoshi

Funakoshi died on 26 April 1957 in Tokyo of colon cancer, aged 88.

In an overview of writings by and about Funakoshi, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 60+ publications in 8 languages and 1,800+ library holdings. 


Steve Whitmire

Steve Whitmire (born September 24, 1959 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American puppeteer actor and performer. In 1978 began his career at the age of 20. He replaced Jim Henson's muppet characters. He is performer for Kermit, and many other characters that Jim Henson preformed. He has also preformed rizzo. He is married to Mellisa Whitmire. He has also preformed Ernie on Sesame Street.


Jeffrey Mass

Jeffrey Paul Mass (June 29, 1940 – March 30, 2001) was an American academic, historian, author and Japanologist. He was Yamato Ichihashi Professor of Japanese History at Stanford University. 

Mass was born in New York City in 1940. He earned a BA degree in history from Hamilton College in 1961. He received his PhD. in history from Yale University in 1971.

Mass joined the Stanford University faculty in 1973. He became a full professor in 1981. 

In an overview of writings by and about Mass, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 110+ publications in 3 languages and 5,000+ library holdings. 



Foie gras

Foie gras (play /fwɑːˈɡrɑː/; French: [fwa ɡʁɑ]); French for "fat liver") is a food product made of the liver of a duck or goose that has been specially fattened. Foie gras is defined as the liver of a duck fattened by gavage (force-feeding corn), although outside of France it is occasionally produced using natural feeding.

Foie gras is a popular and well-known delicacy in French cuisine. Its flavor is described as rich, buttery, and delicate, unlike that of an ordinary duck or goose liver. Foie gras is sold whole, or is prepared into mousse, parfait or pâté (the lowest quality), and may also be served as an accompaniment to another food item, such as steak.

There is concern in animal rights circles that the way of making it is cruel.

Birdy (musician)

Jasmine van den Bogaerde (born 15 May 1996), also known by her stage name Birdy, is an English musician. She was born in Lymington, Hampshire. She won the music competition Open Mic UK in 2008, at the age of 12. Her version of Bon Iver's "Skinny Love" was successful, peaking inside the top twenty of the charts in her native United Kingdom and in some other European countries. Her eponymous first album "Birdy" was released on 7 November 2011. the album peaked at No. 13 in the UK and in the top 5 in France, Belgium and the Netherlands and number 1 in Australia. Her second album "Fire Within "was released 23 September 2013 in the UK. She is the great-niece of Dirk Bogarde.


Staphylococcal infection

A staphylococcal infection (also called staph infection) is an infection caused by a "Staphylococcus" bacterium. Staphylococcus can cause many different infections. It can also cause food poisoning.

"Staphylococcus aureus" is a staphylococcus bacterium that can cause dangerous or even fatal diseases. Because "Staphylococcus aureus" can live on dry surfaces, such as doorknobs or tables, for longer than most bacteria, someone can get sick from "Staphylococcus aureus" from touching one of those surfaces if someone with a staphylococcal infection has touched it even if there is nobody who has a staphylococcal infection near them. "Staphylococcus aureus" can also cause toxic shock syndrome by releasing toxins into the bloodstream.

Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" is "Staphylococcus aureus" that is not cured by the antibiotic Methicillin or any other penicillin or cephalosporin antibiotics. This is called antibiotic resistance. Because penicillin and cephalosporin are the most important drugs that doctors use to treat "Staphylococcus aureus" infections, doctors may not be able to cure people with MRSA.

Other "Staphylococcus" bacteria can cause infections, including "Staphylococcus epidermidis" and "Staphylococcus saprophyticus". "Staphylococcus epidermidis" is a bacterium that is normally on the skin. If someone has a disease that makes his or her immune system work badly, this bacterium might give him or her an infection. "Staphylococcus saprophyticus" can cause urinary tract infections in women.

Musa Ibrahim

Musa Ibrahim () is a Bangladeshi mountaineer and a journalist. He reached the summit around 5:05am BST on May 23, 2010. He put up the flag of Bangladesh on the summit at around 5:16am BST. From then, Bangladesh became the 67th country to have one of its citizens reach the top of Mount Everest.

Musa Ibrahim is the General Secretary of North Alpine Club Bangladesh, a Bangladeshi mountaineering club. He also serves as Senior Correspondent at Channel 24. He also served as the sub-editor of "The Daily Star". 
He founded "Everest Academy" on 2011 to get more young people to participate in mountaineering and adventure activities.

Musa reached the top of Mount Kilimanjaro on 13 September 2011, with his team member Niaz Morshed Patwary.

Musa Ibrahim attained his Bachelor of Education(B.Ed) degree on Science Education and Master of Education(M.Ed)" degree on Educational Evaluation and Research from "'Institute of Education and Research (IER), University of Dhaka. He also attained a degree on Disaster Management from BRAC University. Musa Ibrahim was a student of Thakurgaon Sugar Mills High School during 1983 to 1994.

Musa Ibrahim is the second child of his parents. His father's name is Ansar Ali and mother's name is Bilkis Begum. His elder sister is Noor Ayesha, UN employee and younger brother is Shoeb Harun, studying in Sydney, Australia. He got married in January 2007 to Ummey Sharaban Tahura, Assistant Judge. Their only son is Wasi Ibrahim Raiid. 




Sidney Altman

Sidney Altman (May 7, 1939 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian-American molecular biologist. He was a Professor of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and Chemistry at Yale University. In 1989 he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Thomas Cech for their work on the catalytic properties of RNA. Altman was of Jewish descent.

Altman's Nobel Prize work came with the analysis of the catalytic properties of the ribozyme RNase P. RNase P is a ribonucleoprotein particle, part RNA and part protein. Originally it was thought that, in the bacterial RNase P complex, the protein subunit was responsible for the catalytic activity of the complex.

During experiments in which the complex was taken apart and put together in test tubes, Altman and his group discovered a remarkable thing. The RNA component, in isolation, was enough for the observed catalytic activity of the enzyme. This was remarkable because, previously, it was thought that only enzymes could catalyse reactions in living cells. Altman's research showed that RNA itself had catalytic properties. This was the discovery that earned him the Nobel prize.

Although the RNase P complex also exists in eukaryotic organisms, Altman's later work showed that in eukaryotes the protein subunits are essential to the catalytic activity, in contrast to the bacterial RNase P.

Altman died on April 5, 2022 in Rockleigh, New Jersey after a long illness at the age of 82.


Brian Cox (actor)

Brian Denis Cox, CBE (born 1 June 1946) is a Scottish actor who is best known for his roles in "Manhunter", "Rushmore", "X2", "Troy", and in "RED". He has won an Emmy Award and an BAFTA Award. In 2018, he began playing Logan Roy in the television series "Succession".

Cox was born on 1 June 1946 in Dundee, Scotland. He studied at the Dundee Repertory Theatre and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Cox was married to Caroline Burt from 1968 until they divorced in 1986. He married Nicole Ansari in 2002. With Burt, he had four children, two who were stillborn. With Ansari, he has two sons.

 cox voiced Emperor Nero for heirloom audios production adaptation of G.A henty's beric the Briton to radio. He has also appeared in Braveheart, rob Roy and bourne identity.

Kathryn Bigelow

Kathryn Ann Bigelow (born November 27, 1951) is an American movie director, movie producer, screenwriter and television director. Her most critically successful movies are "The Hurt Locker" and "Zero Dark Thirty". She is the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Director, the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction for "The Hurt Locker". She is also known for other movies such as "Point Break", "Near Dark," "Strange Days" and most recently "Detroit".

Bigelow was born on November 27, 1951 in San Carlos, California. She studied at the San Francisco Art Institute and got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1972. She did a study program at Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City. Bigelow went on to do graduate studies at Columbia University. 

Bigelow taught at the California Institute of the Arts. Bigelow wrote her first movie "The Set-Up" in 1978 at Columbia University. The movie was about two men beating each other up and two professors analyzing the situation. The movie was part of her MFA at Columbia.

Bigelow's first full-length movie was the independent movie "The Loveless" (1981). She directed it with Monty Montgomery. The story was about a bicycle rider played by Willem Dafoe. Bigelow did not want it to follow a traditional plot-line. The movie was, in some ways, against mainstream Hollywood.

Bigelow went on to direct "Near Dark" (1987). The movie was Bigelow's first as a single director. Three actors were also in "Aliens" (1986), which James Cameron directed. The movie did not make that much money but got positive reviews from critics. Like "The Loveless", Bigelow also broke tradition and experimented with genre. The movie is a mixture of western and vampire genres. In 1988, The Museum of Modern Art highlighted the new movie in its Cineprobe program. "Near Dark" is considered the first movie, in which Bigelow showed a unique and notable style as filmmaker. 

The next movie Bigelow directed was "Blue Steel" (1990). The movie was an action genre but also had elements of a fantasy movie and plays with genre. In the movie, Jamie Lee Curtis stars as a police officer whom a serial killer stalks. Like "Near Dark", Eric Red co-wrote the screenplay. "Blue Steel" is similar to "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991). In both, women detectives are the main characters. Some critics said the movie was empowering for women.

"Point Break" (1991) followed Blue Steel. The movie starred Keanu Reeves as an FBI agent. The movie made a lot more money than Bigelow's previous movies. It got about $80 million profit. However, it had somewhat lower ratings. Critics thought the movie was simply an action movie and was just gut emotions. Some have said the movie is not as radical or feminist as Bigelow's other movies. The movie has created a cult following.

Bigelow directed her next movie "Strange Days" (1995). She worked with her former husband, James Cameron, on the story. Bigelow focused more on the less romantic parts of the story. Bigelow partly wanted to work on "Strange Days" because of events like the 1992 Los Angeles riots. The movie was a science fiction thriller and used movie noir. It made very little money and was controversial with critics. Bigelow wanted to include controversial themes like racism, abuse of power, and rape. The movie was also controversial, because Bigelow was a female director. "Strange Days" almost ended Bigelow's career. Bigelow would not direct another movie for five years.

Bigelow directed the independent movie in 2002. The movie stars Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson and is about Soviet soldiers in the first nuclear submarine. The movie was very expensive, did not make a lot of money and got mixed reviews.

Bigelow's next movie was the independent movie "The Hurt Locker" (2008). The movie is about an explosive disposal team in the Iraq War. The movie stars Jeremy Renner, Brian Geraghty and Anthony Mackie. It was shown at the Venice Film Festival in September 2008. Bigelow wanted the movie to be as real as possible, "raw and immediate". Bigelow was interested in the idea of a man going near bombs. Usually, people would run away from bombs. Mark Boal was the screenwriter. Bigelow wanted cinematographer Barry Ackroyd because she liked how real "United 93" was. 

The movie was a critical success and got very positive reviews. Critics liked Bigelow as director. The movie got many awards. The movie got nine Academy Award nominations and won six. It also got nine Oscar nominations. The movie also won many awards from critics. Bigelow won the Academy Award for Best Director, the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. It is thought to be one of best movies of 2008. BBC also named it one of the best movies of the 21st century.

Bigelow's next movie "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012) was also a success. It is about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden. Critics praised the movie. They said it was one of the best of year. The movie got five nominations at the Academy Awards and four nominations at the Golden Globe Awards. There was only controversy about the torture scenes.  

Bigelow's most recent movie is "Detroit" (2017)"." It is about the 1967 Detroit riots. The movie had positive reviews, but made little money. Bigelow worked again with Mark Boal.

In March 2022, it was announced that Bigelow will direct a movie version of David Koepp’s book, "Aurora" for Netflix.

Bigelow was married to director James Cameron from 1989 to 1991.

Mizo National Front

Mizo National Front (MNF) is a regional political party in Mizoram, India. It held a major uprising in 1966. In 1986, it signed the Mizo Accord with the Government of India, ending the violence.

Gebhard Leberecht von Blucher

Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher, Fürst von Wahlstatt (; December 16, 1742 – September 12, 1819) was a Prussian general who went to war against Napoleon. A bust in the German Walhalla temple near Regensburg was sculpted in his honour.


João Goulart

João Belchior Marques Goulart (March 1, 1918 – December 6, 1976) was the 24th President of Brazil. He was deposed by a coup d'état in April 1, 1964.

CEU Cardinal Herrera University

CEU Cardenal Herrera University (in Spanish language "Universidad CEU Cardenal Herrera") is a prestigious private university in Valencia, Spain. The university gained its current name in 1999. The Foundation inaugurated its work in Valencia in 1971 and in Elche in 1994. Since then, their academic offers have increased.

The university has three schools: Social Sciences, Health and Experimental Sciences, and Technical. It has three campuses in Moncada and Elche (Alicante). UCH-CEU currently has over 10,000 students from all over Spain, especially the regions of Valencia, Murcia, Majorca, Ibiza. Every year, it also welcomes more international students with programs like European Erasmus Programme.



Pakistan national cricket team

The Pakistan cricket team (), nicknamed Green Shirts or Shaheens (Eagles), is the national cricket team of Pakistan. Represented by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), the team is a full member of the International Cricket Council. It Started with a Test match in 1952. Pakistan has played 889 ODIs, 121 Twenty20s and 412 Tests. Pakistan cricket team won the 1992 World Cup with the captaincy of Imran Khan and were 2nd in the 1999 World Cup.

Government of Bangladesh

Bangladesh has a parliamentary representative democratic republic. The Prime Minister of Bangladesh is the head of government.

The Constitution of Bangladesh was written in 1972. There have been fifteen amendments.

All citizens are able to vote after they turn 18. There are 300 members of the legislature. They are elected at least every 5 years.

Ricki Lake (1993 talk show)

The Ricki Lake Show was an American talk show which had Ricki Lake as the host. It began on September 11, 1993 and ended on May 25, 2004. The show was similar to "The Oprah Winfrey Show".

Valentinian III

Valentinian III (; 2 July 419 – 16 March 455), was Roman emperor in the western Roman Empire from 425 to 455. After Attila the Hun was defeated, Valentinian feared that his general Aetius would overthrow him. So, Valentinian killed Aetius, whose guards then killed Valentinian. 

Alibori Department

Alibori is the largest and northernmost département of Benin. It has an area of 25,683 km². In 2003 the population was 355,950.

The department is divided into 6 communes. Each commune is centered at one of the main towns: Banikoara, Gogounou, Kandi, Karimama, Malanville, and Ségbana. The department borders the countries of Burkina Faso, Niger, and Nigeria.

The département was made in 1999 when it was split off from Borgou. Since 2008, the capital has been Kandi.

Ridlington

Ridlington is a village in Rutland in the East Midlands of England.

Atakora Department

Atakora is the northwestern department of Benin. It borders Togo to the west and Burkina Faso to the north. It is the most mountainous area of Benin. It is where the president, Mathieu Kérékou, was born.

It is a much drier area of the country than the south. There are 3 major seasons, a rainy season that runs from May or June to September or October, a Harmattan season of cool, dry winds that runs from October or November to February, and a hot, Famine season that runs from February to April.

Atakora is divided into the communes of Boukoumbé, Cobly, Kérou, Kouandé, Matéri, Natitingou, Pehonko, Tanguiéta, and Toucountouna.

In 1999 the southern part of Atakora was split off to form the new Donga Department.

Atlantique Department

Atlantique is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Atlantique is divided into the communes of Abomey-Calavi, Allada, Kpomassè, Ouidah, Sô-Ava, Toffo, Tori-Bossito, and Zè.

In 1999 the Littoral Department was split off from Atlantique.

Borgou Department

Borgou is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Borgou borders the country of Nigeria. The capital of Borgou is Parakou. The total area is 25,310 km.².
Borgou is divided into the communes of Bembèrèkè, Kalalé, N’Dali, Nikki, Parakou, Pèrèrè, Sinendé, and Tchaourou.

Collines Department

Collines is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Collines was formed in 1999. Since 2008, the capital is Savalou. 

Collines is divided into the communes of Bantè, Dassa-Zoumè, Glazoué, Ouèssè, Savalou, and Savé.

Donga Department

Donga is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Donga was formed in 1999 when Donga was split from Atakora. The capital of Donga is Djougou. 

Desmond Llewelyn

Desmond Wilkinson Llewelyn (12 September 1914 – 19 December 1999) was a Welsh movie, television, stage, radio and voice actor. He was best known for his role as Q in 17 of the "James Bond" movies from 1963 through 1999.

Llewelyn was born on 12 September 1914 in Newport, Monmouthshire. He studied at Radley College. Llewelyn was married to Pamela Mary Pantlin from 1938 until his death in 1999. He died on 19 December 1999 in Firle, East Sussex, England due to being injured in a road accident. He was 85.

Kouffo Department

Kouffo is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Kouffo borders the country of Togo. Since 2008, the capital is Aplahoué. This department was formed in 1999 when it split from the department of Mono.

Kouffo is divided into the communes of Aplahoué, Djakotomey, Klouékanmè, Lalo, Toviklin and Dogbo.

Littoral Department

Littoral is one of the twelve departments of Benin. It has just one commune/city, Cotonou. It is the largest city in the country and the economic capital. Littoral is the smallest department of the twelve. Littoral was split from the Atlantique Department in 1999.

Mono Department

Mono is one of the twelve departments of Benin. The capital of this department is Lokossa. Kouffo Department was part of Mono until 1999. 

The Gen language is only spoken in this department in Benin. Other languages spoken in this area are Ewe and some of the Phla–Pherá languages

Mono is divided into the communes of Bopa, Comé, Grand-Popo, and Houéyogbé.

Ouémé Department

Ouémé is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

In 1999 the northern part of the department was split off to form the new Plateau Department.

The department is divided into 9 communes: Adjarra, Adjohoun, Aguégués, Akpro-Missérété, Avrankou, Bonou, Dangbo, Porto Novo, and Sèmè-Kpodji.

Plateau Department

Plateau is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Plateau is divided into the communes of Ifangni, Adja-Ouèrè, Kétou, Pobè and Sakété.

Zou Department

Zou is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Zou is divided into the communes of Abomey, Agbangnizoun, Bohicon, Cové, Djidja, Ouinhi, Za-Kpota, Zangnanado, and Zogbodomey.

Matthew Lillard

Matthew Lyn Lillard (born January 24, 1970) is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for portraying the roles of Chip Sutphin in "Serial Mom" (1994), Emmanuel "Cereal Killer" Goldstein in "Hackers" (1995), Stevo in "SLC Punk!" (1998), Stu Macher in "Scream" (1996),Tim LaFlour in "Senseless" (1998), Billy Brubaker in "Summer Catch" (2001), Jerry Conlaine in "Without a Paddle" (2004), Dez Howard in "The Groomsmen" (2006), Joey in "Home Run Showdown" (2012), Jack Rusoe in "Return to Nim's Island" (2013) and Shaggy Rogers in both "Scooby-Doo" (2002) and "" (2004). In animation, he has been the voice of Shaggy since Casey Kasem retired from the role in 2009.

Lillard was born January 24, 1970 in Lansing, Michigan. His father is of English, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Native American and Welsh descent and his mother is of Danish, English and Portuguese descent. He was raised Christian. He studied at Foothill High School and at American Academy of Dramatic Arts with fellow actor Paul Rudd. He dated Neve Campbell from 1996 to 1998, the two remained friends. And he married Heather Helm since 2000. They have three children.

Thomas Boni Yayi

Dr. Thomas Boni Yayi (born 1 July 1951) is a Beninese politician and banker. He served as the President of Benin from 6 April 2006 to 6 April 2016. He was re-elected to a second term in March 2011. From 29 January 2012 to 27 January 2013, he was the Chairperson of the African Union.

On 15 March 2007, Boni Yayi survived an assassination attempt. Several of the people travelling with the president were wounded in gunfire between the presidential guard and the would-be assassins.

On 23 October 2012, the BBC said that his doctor, niece, and former commerce minister had been arrested in a plot to poison the president. The niece changed his medicine to a "toxic substance" while he was on a state visit to Brussels.

In September 2021, Patrice Talon and Thomas Boni Yayi, political allies who have become intimate enemies, met at the Marina Palace in Cotonou. During this tête-à-tête, Thomas Boni Yayi presented Patrice Talon with a series of proposals and requests, relating in particular to the release of “political detainees”.'

Pascal Koupaki

Pascal Irénée Koupaki (born 18 May 1951) is a Beninese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Benin from May 2011 to August 2013. He was Director of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister from 1996 to 1998. 

He was a member of the Board of Directors for African Development Bank.

Silver-haired bat

The silver-haired bat ("Lasionycteris noctivagans") is a species of bat. It is the only member of the genus "Lasionycteris".

The bat is found in Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, and the United States. They are the most common bat in forested areas in the United States. Silver-haired bats are also called Silverwings.

Silver-haired bats are nearly black. They have silvery-tipped hairs on their back. It's a medium-sized, heavily furred bat. It weighs around 8-12 grams. Its total length is around 100 mm on average, its tail being 40 mm.

Silver-haired bat is found in Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, and the United States. It is found from southeastern Alaska in summer to northeastern Mexico in winter. It lives in dry habitats at low elevations during seasonal migrations. They often roost in tree cavities or in bark crevices on tree trunks, especially during migration.

Silver-haired bats mainly eat insects with soft bodies, such as moths, but will also eat spiders and harvestmen. It will forage low, over both still and running water, and also in forest openings. Silver-haired bats are slow but can turn quickly. They can use echolocation to find prey that is a short distance away.

Shade is the name of the main character in the novel Silverwing by Kenneth Oppel. He is a young silver-haired bat runt.

Bush rat

The bush rat ("Rattus fuscipes") is a small Australian nocturnal animal. It is an omnivore. It is one of the most common species of rats.

The bush rat is found most in the coastal regions of southwestern Australia. It is mostly in the lowlands, but the bush rat can also be found in parts of the Australian Alps and on some offshore islands.

It is a pest species because it can destroy cane fields. It is also host to more parasites than any other Australian rodent. 

Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad

The Old Christian Cemetery, Abbottabad (also known as the OCC, or the Gora Qabristan, White-people's cemetery), is a cemetery in Abbottabad, Pakistan. It dates from British Indian colonial times. 

The cemetery was established in 1853 when James Abbott founded Abbottabad. It was later attached to St Luke's Church, Abbottabad when it was completed in 1864.

Supermarine Spitfire

The Supermarine Spitfire is a British single-seat fighter aircraft. It was used by the Royal Air Force and many other Allied countries throughout the Second World War, gaining its respect when defending the English Channel from the Luftwaffe in Operation Sea Lion and the Battle of Britain. The Spitfire was designed by R. J. Mitchell as a short-range, high-performance interceptor aircraft. There were more Spitfires made than any other British aircraft and it was the only British fighter that was being made throughout the war.

The Supermarine Spitfire was no doubt one of the very best British warplanes, and a large roleplayer of WWII. It had great speed, agility and weaponry. Over time, the Spitfire evolved into an even better aircraft. This is all a pilot could ask for. It had very few flaws, the main being that the engine would usually stall when entering a dive or when experiencing negative pressure/G-Forces due to its float carburetor engine.

The Spitfire's elliptical wing had a thin cross-section. This allowed a higher top speed than other fighters of the time, including the Hawker Hurricane. The elliptic shaped wing gives the aircraft a very low amount of induced drag. Speed was seen as essential to carry out the mission of home defence against enemy bombers. The original airframe was designed to be powered by a Rolls-Royce Merlin engine producing 1,030 hp (768 kW).

Because of its higher performance, Spitfire units had a higher victory-to-loss ratio than units flying Hurricanes.

The Spitfires were originally built at the Supermarine factory in Southampton, to be closer to the fighting front. Later, heavy bombing struck Southampton and the production moved to the Castle Bromwich
factory in Birmingham where Spitfires would be produced for the Britain for the rest of the war. A memorial has been built in honour of the workers by Tim Tolkien. It is called "Sentinel".

Data from Spitfire: The History[184] and Jane's Fighting Aircraft of World War II[185]

NACA 2209.4 (tip)



Khokhar

The Khokhar are an indigenous tribal community from Punjab region of Pakistan who are classified as Jats, Ror and Rajputs with a high social status. It is certain that Khokhars follow Hinduism and Sikhism and are predominantly Hhindus, Sikhs and Muslims.

According to the medieval history, the Khokhars mostly lived in the Salt Range in the Northern Punjab and they have been a very dominant landowning tribe.

Khokhars are one of the "Blood proud" tribes as they hold a high social status and are classified as a higher or upper caste.

Khokhars were the most powerful and influential tribe of Punjab from 13th to 19th century.

Baha-ud-din Naqshband

Bahá-ud-dín Shah an-Naqshband Muhammad al-Uwaysi al-Bukhárí () (1318–1389) was the founder of what would become one of the largest Sufi Sunni orders, the Naqshbandi.

Bahá-ud-dín was born on 18 March 1318 CE (14 Muharram, 718 AH) in the village of Qasr-i-Hinduvan (later renamed Qasr-i Arifan) near Bukhara, in what is now Uzbekistan and it was there that he died in 1389.

Bahá-ud-dín was a Sayyid, a descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad through Imam Hasan al-Askari.

Harvard professor Annemarie Schimmel held the opinion of Bahauddin Naqshband being a descendant of Imam Hasan al Askari.

One registered lineage of him is the following:


He came into early contact with the Khwajagan (lit: the Masters), and was adopted as spiritual progeny by one of them, Baba Muhammad Sammasi, while still an infant. Sammasi was his first guide on the path, and more important was his relationship with Sammasi's principal khalifa (successor), Amir Kulal, the last link in the silsila, or chain of teachers, before Baha-ud-Din:


As a youth, Naqshbandi was recognized as an exceptional Islamic scholar before he turned 20. He traveled to Mecca for the Islamic pilgrimage "Hajj" at least three times. He became a respected scholar in Central Asia and received many guests and pupils to Bukhara from other parts of Central Asia.

Bahá-ud-dín was buried in his native village, Qasr-i Arifan, in 1389. In 1544, Khan Abd al-Aziz built over his grave a tomb and surrounding buildings. The Memorial complex is located 16 kilometers from Bukhara and is today a place of pilgrimage.



Meshech

Meshech is a person mentioned in the Bible, described in Genesis 10 as the son of Japheth, son of Noah. 

Meshech in the Bible can also mean the tribe that came from his children, or the country where they lived, for example in Psalm 120:5. Many Bible Atlases such as IVP and Zondervan state it was in Asia Minor, while others say the Caucasus.

For Gog, 'the chief ruler of the nations of Meshech and Tubal' (Book of Ezekiel 39:1) see Armageddon


Of Monsters and Men

Of Monsters and Men is an indie pop-rock group from Iceland. They have had many hit songs, including their 2011 single "Little Talks".

Mukti Bahini

Mukti Bahini () was a Bengali military force in East Pakistan. It fought against the Pakistan Army in the Bangladesh Liberation War. The war was fought in 1971, and the group was formed during the war. This organisation was also known as the Liberation Army of Bengal. Together with India it fought against the forces of West Pakistan. After the war, East Pakistan became independent from West Pakistan, and is known as Bangladesh today.

Linear A

Linear A is an ancient script used on Crete. No one has been able to translate this script yet. It was one of the writing systems used in Minoan Crete. Another script, about a century older, is called Cretan hieroglyphs. For some time, both methods of writing were used. Probably, each system was used for a special purpose.

Linear A was used from about the 17th century BC until the 15th century BC. Linear B is a script based on Linear A. It has been translated. Archaeologist Arthur Evans found both Linear A and B.

Linear A has about fifty signs that are similar to those in Linear B. About 80% of the signs in Linear A are unique. Using the knowledge from Linear B to read Linear A produces text which cannot be read. The language used has been called "Eteocretan". It does not seem to be related to any known language. Today, about 70 characters (probably representing syllables) are known. The meaning of about 100 ideographic characters is known. These are combined with the syllables. Also, there are a few numerals whose value is known.

Most texts seem to be lists. A few are probably short dedications, as they are found on libations. So far, no long texts have been found. Straight lines, such as those used for Linear A, are not very practical to use on clay tables. For this reasons, most writing was probably done on other things, such as papyrus or parchment. The problem with these materials is that they do not last as long as clay does. For this reason, most writing on papyrus and parchment has probably been lost.

Thetford Hoard

The Thetford Hoard, or Thetford Treasure, is a hoard of Romano-British metalwork found at Gallows Hill, near Thetford in Norfolk, in November 1979. It is now in the British Museum.

Dating from the mid- to late-4th century AD, this hoard is a collection of thirty-three silver spoons and three silver strainers, twenty-two gold finger rings, four gold bracelets, four necklace pendants, five gold chain necklaces and two pairs of necklace-clasps, a gold amulet designed as a pendant, an unmounted engraved gem, four beads (one emerald and three of glass), and a gold belt-buckle decorated with a dancing satyr. A small cylindrical lidded box made from shale also belonged to the hoard.

The find was made under unfortunate circumstances. The site had been recently cleared for building work, and the finder was using a metal-detector without the knowledge and permission of the owners of the site. The discovery was made late on a November day, in failing light. The finder recovered the material in great haste, probably overlooking some small items, because he knew he had no legal right to search in that area. He did not, as the law requires, report his discovery to the authorities. Instead, he unwisely attempted to sell the objects he had found to private buyers.

By the time archaeologists learned of the find several months later, the place had been built over, which made proper archaeological investigation impossible. It was not even possible to question the finder about the circumstances: by the time the material arrived at the British Museum for study, he was terminally ill, and he died about a month later, in July 1980.

There were persistent rumours that the treasure originally included coins, and probably the group as we see it now is incomplete. The full account of the circumstances of the discovery is told in the standard catalogue.

Linear B

Linear B is an ancient script, used to write Mycenaean Greek, as the oldest known form of Ancient Greek. This was proved by Michael Ventris in the early 1950s. Linear B came before the Greek alphabet by several centuries.

The script is based on Linear A, a script which cannot be read today. The oldest texts written in Linear B date from about 1450 BC. Linear B was found mainly in the palace archives at Knossos, Cydonia, Pylos, Thebes and Mycenae. The writing of Linear B language disappeared with the fall of the Mycenaean civilization.

There are about 87 signs in Linear B that represent syllables. In addition, there are many ideographic signs: These represent objects or commodities. They do not represent sounds, and are never used as word signs in writing a sentence.

Linear B seems to have only been used for administration. In all the thousands of clay tablets, a relatively small number of different "hands" (or writers) have been detected: 45 in Pylos (west coast of the Peloponnese, in southern Greece) and 66 in Knossos (Crete). The script may have only been used by a guild of professional scribes. These scribes worked at the different palaces: when the palaces were destroyed, the script disappeared.

Bijbehara

Bijbehara () is a town in Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Khalistan Movement

The Khalistan Movement is a Sikh secessionist movement for the creation of an independent ethno-religious Sikh state, Khālistān ("Land of the Pure") by seceding India's Punjab region from India. The geographical area of "Khalistan" has not been well defined, with several proposed maps from different groups that mainly include Punjab, Chandigarh, and parts of the neighboring states of India.

The Khalistan movement reached its peak in India in the 1980s and 1990s. After 1990s, the Khalistan insurgency petered out, and the movement failed to reach its objectives due to multiple reasons including a heavy police crackdown on separatists, factional infighting, and disillusionment from the Sikh population.

The 1980s and 1990s' are often called "dark days" in Punjab due to widespread violence from both the Punjab Police and the pro-Khalistan militants, as the Police took a heavy-handed approach in dealing with the armed insurgency, while the militants were also involved in large-scale murders. In October 1983, following the murder of several Hindu bus passengers by the militants, an "Emergency rule" was imposed in Punjab, which continued for a decade.

In June 1984, Operation Blue Star, an Indian military operation was ordered by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, to remove pro-Khalistan militant religious leader Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale and his armed followers from the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Punjab. On 31 October 1984, Indira Gandhi was assassinated in New Delhi by her two Sikh security guards in retaliation for "Operation Blue Star". The assassination triggered the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in New Delhi, in which large number of Sikhs were killed. In June 1985, "Air India Flight 182", which was operating from Montréal, Canada was bombed in route to London over the Atlantic Ocean, as a result of explosives planted by pro-Khalistan Sikh militants; and all on-board passengers were killed. 

Further, in August 1995, Chief Minister of Punjab, Beant Singh was killed in a suicide bombing, for which the pro-Khalistan group "Babbar Khalsa" claimed responsibility. While the pro-Khalistan militants enjoyed some support among Punjab's Sikh community in the earlier period, this support gradually disappeared. With a weakening economy, dwindling support, and increasing operations from the Indian security forces, the militancy in Punjab effectively ended by the mid 1990s.

Cretan hieroglyphs

Cretan hieroglyphs is a writing system, used in Crete from about the 20th to the 15th century BC. It is undeciphered, so it cannot be read today. For most of its history, it was used together with Linear A. Most symbols are pictograms, for some symbols, experts do not agree on what they represent. Most of the corpus consists of short inscriptions on seal stones, and clay tablets. The texts are usually very short, they are inscriptions on seals, and markers on clay tablets. There are three items that are noticeably different: A stone called Malia altar stone, the Phaistos Disc and the Arkalochori Axe. The exact relation of these items to the rest of the corpus is unknown.

In total, there are 137 symbols. 96 seem to be words, or part of words. 32 are probably Logograms. 9 seem to represent fractions. There are four numerals, standing for 1, 10, 100 and 1000. One symbol is used to separate words, like a hyphen, another looks like a cross, and probably stands for the beginning of the text. The writing is probably syllabic.


Clay tablet

Clay tablets were a medium used for writing. They were common in the Fertile Crescent, from about the 5th millennium BC. 

A clay tablet is a more or less flat surface made of clay. Using a stylus, symbols were pressed into the soft clay. It is possible to correct errors on the tablet. The tablet was then baked until dry and hard, either by leaving it out in the sun, or in a fire. Sun-baked tablets could be moistened and recycled. The ones that survived thousands of years were baked in fire.
They were used by the Sumerian civilisation in Mesopotamia.

Cuneiform was the first writing used on clay tablets. The system was used by several civilizations who spoke several different languages.

Lewis chessmen

The Lewis Chessmen, or Uig Chessmen, are 78 12th-century chess pieces, most of which are carved in walrus ivory. The hoard was discovered in 1831 on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. 

They may be some of the few complete, surviving medieval chess sets. They are owned and exhibited by the British Museum in London, which has 67 of the original pieces, and the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh, which has the other 11 pieces.

A newly identified piece, a "warder", the equivalent of a castle or rook, was sold at auction for £735,000 in July 2019. It was also bought by the British Museum. Four other major pieces, and many pawns, are still missing from the chess sets.

The pieces are figurative, like modern sets, and unlike the abstract Arabic pieces. The set has made the transition to European figures, which lasts to the present day. In particular, the arrival of a female figure is a departure from the Indo-Arabic game, and the figure of a bishop is also significant.

The chessmen were probably made in Norway, perhaps by craftsmen in Trondheim, in the 12th century, although some scholars have suggested other sources in the Nordic countries.
During that period the Outer Hebrides, and many other Scottish islands, were ruled by Norway. 

There is a broken queen piece in a similar style from an excavation of the archbishop's palace, similar carving in Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim, the excavation in Trondheim of a kite-shaped shield similar to shields on some of the pieces and a king piece of similar design found on Hitra Island, near the mouth of Trondheim Fjord. Woolf has said that the armour worn by the chess figures includes "perfect" reproductions of armour worn at the time in Norway.

Another suggestion is that the chessmen originated in Iceland. It is not possible to decide between Norway and Iceland on the evidence available, and the date of the set is also somewhat uncertain. 

Some historians believe that the Lewis chessmen were hidden (or lost) after some mishap occurred during their carriage from Norway to rich Norse towns on the east coast of Ireland, like Dublin. The large number of pieces and their lack of wear may suggest they were the stock of a trader or dealer in such pieces. With the chess pieces, there were 14 plain round tablemen for the game of tables and one belt buckle, all made of ivory, making a total of 93 artifacts.

After their discovery by Malcolm Macleod in 1831 they were sold on, and shown at a meeting of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. The chessmen were soon after split up, with 10 being purchased by Kirkpatrick Sharpe and the rest (67 chessmen and 14 tablemen) were purchased on behalf of the British Museum in London.

Kirkpatrick Sharpe later found another bishop to take his collection up to eleven, all of which were later sold. Eventually they were bought by the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, who donated them to the Royal Museum in Edinburgh. The eleven are now on display in the National Museum of Scotland.

The pieces given to the British Museum still exist, and most can be found in Room 42 with the registration numbers M&ME 1831, 11–1.78–159. Some have been lent to Scottish museums and temporary exhibitions. A range of resin replicas are popular items in the Museum shops. 

The chessmen were number 5 in the list of British archaeological finds selected by experts at the British Museum for the 2003 BBC Television documentary "Our Top Ten Treasures". They feature in the 2010 BBC Radio 4 series "A History of the World in 100 Objects" as number 61, in the "Status Symbols" section.

An exhibition entitled "The Lewis Chessmen: Unmasked" that included chesspieces from both the Museum of Scotland and the British Museum collections, along with other relevant objects, toured Scotland in 2010/11.

An exhibition entitled "The Game of Kings: medieval ivory chessmen from the Isle of Lewis" at The Cloisters in New York City included 34 of the chess pieces, all on loan from the British Museum. The exhibit ended April 22, 2012.


Hypostatic model of personality

The hypostatic model of personality is a way of viewing the many sides of a person's character. The model says that a person can behave and appear to others in many ways, depending on how that person is, but also on how someone looks at that person. It says that people are not one-sided, but are a little bit of everything. For example, today someone can be mean, and tomorrow he can be good. How someone appears also depends on things and people around him or her. For example, sometimes the most coward person may become the greatest hero, if he is called to save someone's life. All these "sides" of a person have to be known by scientists so they can change them for the better.

Boro people

The Bodos (pronounced bo-ros) are an ethnic and linguistic community, early settlers of Assam in the northeast part of the Republic of India. 


Liam Payne

Liam James Payne (born 29 August 1993) is an English singer and songwriter. He rose to fame as a member of the band One Direction. & Easy A (2010) In 2016, Payne signed a recording deal with Capitol Records as a solo artist, and with Republic Records in the United States.

Born to Run (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Born to Run" is a rock music song by Bruce Springsteen. The song is on Springsteen's 1975 album, "Born to Run". The song was recorded on August 1974. It became one of the biggest hits of his career. Rolling Stone ranked the song 21st on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".


Hogtying

Hogtie is a way of tying all limbs together, to prevent an animal from escaping. It was originally used with pigs and cattle. In BDSM, hogtie refers to the practice of tying up the submissive, so that they cannot move. This is dangerous, because the tied person or animal will have problem breathing, so precautions need to be taken. 

Ludwig Mies van der Rohe

Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (born as Maria Ludwig Michael Mies; March 27, 1886, Aachen – August 19, 1969, Chicago) was a German-American architect. He is commonly referred to, and was addressed, as Mies, his surname. Along with Le Corbusier, Alvar Aalto and Frank Lloyd Wright, he is widely regarded as one of the first masters of modern architecture.



Stickney (crater)

Stickney is the largest crater on Phobos. Phobos is a satellite of Mars. It is at and is in diameter. It makes a large part of the moon's surface.

It is named after Chloe Angeline Stickney Hall, wife of Phobos's discoverer, Asaph Hall.


Gao (surname)

Gao is a Chinese family name that can be literally translated as "high" or "tall". There are about 16 million living people with this surname. Some places, such as Taiwan, usually romanize this family name into Kao. In Hong Kong, it is romanized to Ko. In Macau, it is romanized to Kou.

Venule

A venule is a very small blood vessel. It lets blood return from the capillary beds to the larger blood vessels called veins. Venules range from 8 to 100μm in diameter. They are formed when capillaries come together.

World IPv6 Day

World IPv6 day was an event on January 12, 2011. On World IPv6 day, many websites tested IPv6, the new version of the "Internet protocol". There was another event on June 6, 2012 called "World IPv6 Launch Day". On World IPv6 Launch Day, the Internet Society hoped that IPv6 would really be enabled and work on many websites.

Matsukata Kojiro

Matsukata was the son of Matsukata Masayoshi who was a Prime Minister of Japan during the Meiji Period.

Matsukata became president of Kawasaki Shipbuilding Company ("Kawasaki Shōzō") in 1896. 

Masukata bought thousands of Western paintings and sculpture including Auguste Rodin's "The Thinker" and "Gates of Hell." The Rodin sculptures in the NMWA entrance plaza were made from the same original casting as at the Rodin Museum in France. In fact, Matsukata actually paid for the best Rodin castings in France today.

Some works collected by Matsukata are today in the French national collection of art. 

Matsukata's art collection was first seen by the Japanese public in 1959.


Aberdeen (disambiguation)

Aberdeen is a city in Scotland, United Kingdom.

Aberdeen may also be:
Aberdeen, Scotland, is home of:






Pyramid (game show)

Pyramid is a game show which was shown on television. Many different versions of the show have been made. The current show is on GSN. on 1973 Present Until 1989 on ABC Game Show Network CBS Call NBC on New 2012 or 2016 in Match Game Wheel of Fortune & Jeopardy Game Show Network GSN (1994 Present) in 2001

The first version of the game was called the "$10,000 Pyramid". It was hosted by Dick Clark. The game show offered the largest prize on television at the time.

The show ran for other versions. Some versions offered $25,000 as the prize. Others offered $100,000 as the prize.

In 2012, GSN premiered a new version called "The Pyramid". The show is based on the format of the old ones. This version premiered on September 3, 2012. It is hosted by Mike Richards. In this version, getting all 7 words right won the contestant $500, and the amount they would play for in the Winner's Circle went up by $5,000.

There are two halves of the game. The first and second halves are almost equal. In the first half, normal people team with famous people. One of the teams will try to describe a word to the other. There are seven words in each round. There are six total rounds in the first half. At the end of the half the team with the most points moves on. They go to the "Winner's Circle". In the Winner's Circle, one player will use short phrases to tell the other a category. There are six categories for the Winner's Circle. If the team guesses all six correct in one minute they win the prize money. For the second half the players switch famous people. The gameplay is the same in the second half.

There have been many bonuses offered on the show. Some of the bonus cards are:

Game Show Network

GSN (formerly Game Show Network) is an American cable television game network. It shows game show episodes. It airs in the United States. 

The company is jointly owned by DirecTV and Sony Pictures Television. The channel was launched on December 1, 1994. 



& More

Aleph one

Aleph one, written as formula_1, is an infinite cardinal number following aleph null (formula_2). It is the cardinality (size) of the set of numbers of possible arrangements for all countably infinite sets. Under the continuum hypothesis, it is also the cardinality of the real numbers. Aleph one is followed by aleph two, formula_3.


Zayn Malik

Zain Javadd "Zayn" Malik ( (born 12 January 1993), who records as Zayn, is a British singer and songwriter. He was born and raised in Bradford.

Malik wanted to pursue a career in music from a young age leading him to audition as a solo artist for the British reality television music competition "The X Factor" in 2010. After being eliminated as a solo performer, Malik was brought back into the competition, along with four other contestants, to form the boy band that would become known as One Direction.

During his time in the group, they released the albums "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" (2012), "Midnight Memories" (2013), and "Four" (2014).

Malik split from the boy band in March 2015 and signed a solo recording contract with RCA Records.

He has been in a relationship with American model Gigi Hadid since late 2015. In September 2020, Hadid gave birth to their daughter in New Hope, Pennsylvania.They broke up in 2021


Harry Styles

Harry Edward Styles (born 1 February 1994) is an English singer, songwriter, and actor. He is known as a member of the boy band One Direction, with Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne, Niall Horan and Zayn Malik (2011–present).

Styles made his debut as a singer with his band White Eskimo, who performed locally in Holmes Chapel, Cheshire. In 2010, Styles auditioned as a solo artist for the British television series "The X Factor". After being eliminated as a solo performer, Styles was brought back into the competition, along with four other contestants, to form One Direction. The group landed the title of being 3rd place through the season.

Styles and his One Direction colleagues have released the albums "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" (2012), "Midnight Memories" (2013), "Four" (2014), and "Made in the A.M." (2015). They have also performed on four worldwide tours, one featured on concert film "", and won several awards, including five Brit Awards and four MTV Video Music Awards. Second album, "Fine Line", (2019) was listed among Rolling Stone's 500 Greats Albums of All Time in 2020. The most popular songs of this album were "Watermelon Sugar" and "Adore You"

In 2017, Styles had a movie role as a British soldier named "Alex" in Christopher Nolan's war movie "Dunkirk."

In 2022, Styles starred as Jack Chambers in Don't Worry Darling. The same year he also starred as Tom Burgess in My Policeman.

In 2018, Styles and his fellow executive producer, Ben Winston, created a new television series called "Happy Together.

He has now collaborated with artist Mick Fleetwood.

Harry also created a brand called Pleasing, in which he promotes sustainability and products such as skincare, nail polishes and lounge wear. He created this brand in 2021 and initially only sold nail polishes.

Louis Tomlinson

Louis William Tomlinson (born Louis Troy Austin; 24 December 1991) is an English singer and songwriter. He is known as a member of the boy band One Direction, with Liam Payne, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik and Harry Styles.

Tomlinson began his career as an actor appearing in his high school's drama Grease as Danny Zuko, then in an ITV drama "Fat Friends" as an extra. He also went on to appear in another ITV drama movie "If I Had You" and the BBC drama "Waterloo Road". In 2010, he auditioned in the tv series "The X Factor", he met his bandmates. His band One Direction released their first album on November 18, 2011. They release 4 more albums, one of which became the most sold album of 2013. They went on a supposed "18 month hiatus", which has turned into 7 years. He was one of the main songwriters of the group. 

Following the band's hiatus , Tomlinson released the singles "Just Hold On", "Back to You", "Miss You", and "Just Like You". In 2020 Louis released his debut album walls with 12 new tracks. In his album he has 3 singles, Kill my Mind, Two Of Us, and Walls. His first single kill my mind, was played at Wembley stadium for the 2020 euro after his fans voted him in. His second single Two Of Us was writen from Louis to his mother after her death in 2016.

In 2013, he was signed as a footballer by Doncaster Rovers of the Football League Championship on a non-contract basis. The same year he also formed his own record label, Triple Strings Ltd. He appeared on Debrett's 2017 list of the most influential people in the UK.

John Burgoyne

John Burgoyne (24 February 1722 – 4 August 1792) was a general in the British Army. In 1777, he led the British troops in the Battle Of Saratoga where he surrendered to American general Horatio Gates. This success led to France and Spain recognizing the United States and offering aid to the continental army. Historians consider this to be the turning point for the American Revolutionary War.

Honda Ridgeline

The Honda Ridgeline is a mid sized pickup truck produced by Honda. The first model year for this truck was 2006; it has undergone several changes in design since being introduced. Unlike a traditional body-on-frame truck, the Ridgeline uses a closed box unibody frame similar to the one used on the Accord, Pilot and Odyssey. Despite good sales Honda pulled the truck in 2015. A second generation model was introduced in 2017. It shares much of its platform with the Honda Pilot three-row SUV, suitably beefed up for work and play. 

For the 2020 model year, a nine-speed transmission replaced the outgoing six-speed. Also, thanks to independent rear suspension, it provides superior ride quality and handling. The spacious crew cab is comfortable and handsomely finished. Besides, it has a unique two-way tailgate and a large lockable in-bed trunk. For now, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, and Honda Sensing safety features are packed as standard. The manufacturer suggested price for the new 2020 Honda Ridgeline varies from $33,900 to $43,520 depending on the trim. 

G. D. Spradlin

Gervase Duan "G.D." Spradlin (August 31, 1920 – July 24, 2011) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor. He was known for his roles as Senator Pat Geary in "The Godfather II" and as the General in "Apocalypse Now".

Spradlin was born on August 31, 1920 in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma. He studied at the University of Oklahoma. Spradlin was married to Nell Spradlin from 1944 until her death in 2000. Then he was married to Frances Hendrickson from 2002 until his death in 2011. He had two children with Nell. Spradlin died on July 24, 2011 from natural causes in San Luis Obispo, California, aged 90.

Anna Faris

Anna Kay Faris (born November 29, 1976) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress, comedian and singer who is known for her roles in all four "Scary Movie"s, "Lost in Translation", "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "The House Bunny" and "Overboard".

Faris was born on November 29, 1976 in Baltimore, Maryland. She was raised in Edmonds, Washington. She studied at Edmonds-Woodway High School and at the University of Washington. 

She was married to Ben Indra from 2004 until they divorced in 2008. She was married to Chris Pratt from 2009 to 2018. She has a son, Jack Pratt by her second husband Chris Pratt. In 2017, Faris and Pratt legally separated and divorced the following year. In 2021, she married Michael Barrett.

Hollywood Records

Hollywood Records is an American record label. They focus on pop, rock, alternative and teen pop genres. It was founded in 1989. It is one of the major DMG labels. 

Its current roster includes artists such as: Demi Lovato, Queen, Plain White T's, Jesse McCartney, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Breaking Benjamin, Jessica Sutta, Lucy Hale, Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez & the Scene, Valora, Cherri Bomb, Stefano Langone, Bridgit Mendler, and Zendaya Coleman.

Hoplite

A hoplite was a citizen-soldier of the Ancient Greek city-states. A hoplite's main weapon was his spear. They fought close together in what was called a phalanx formation. In a phalanx, each man's shield protected himself and also gave some protection to the right arm of the man on his left. 

The word ""hoplite"" comes from the type of the shield used by the soldiers. In later texts, the term "hoplite" is used to denote any armoured infantry, regardless of armament or ethnicity.

The armour of a hoplite included:

A hoplite was usually a free citizen who supplied his own armour and weapons. In most Greek city-states citizens received basic military training and served in the standing army for a specified time, participating in any military campaign undertaken during that period. The citizens of Sparta were renowned for their lifelong combat training and military prowess. Their great adversaries, the Athenians, were exempted from service after the 60th year of life.

The phalanx trained to work as a team eight rows or more deep. The first row would stab at their opponents while trying to maintain close formation. The ranks behind would support them with their spears and gently push them with their shields, not to force them into the enemy but to keep them steady and in position. Upon command of an officer, the phalanx would take a certain number of steps forward. 

Phalanxes tended to drift right in battle as each hoplite sought to keep his right arm behind the shield of his neighbour. Also, the right side of the phalanx, where right arms were unprotected by neighboring shields, was more vulnerable than the left. Thus the most experienced hoplites were often placed on the right side of the phalanx to counteract these problems.

Phalanx formation

The phalanx formation is an Ancient Greek term for a block-like infantry formation. The Greek hoplites (heavy infantry) were armed with spears, swords, or similar weapons. The mass of infantry marched forward as one entity against opponents. The system was used by city states, who often fought each other. Cavalry were rare, partly because horses were a scarce resource, and partly because the lack of space on valley floors in the Peloponnese left little room for cavalry manoeuvres. Later, the Macedonian phalanx was always supported by cavalry in the conquests of Alexander the Great.

Early battles with the phalanx usually resulted in similar formations pushing against each other until one broke. The potential of the phalanx to do more was shown at the Battle of Marathon (490 BC). Facing the huge army of Darius I, the Athenians thinned out their phalanx and lengthened their front to avoid being outflanked. However, even a reduced-depth phalanx proved unstoppable to the lightly armed Persian infantry. After routing the Persian wings, the hoplites on the Athenian wings wheeled inwards, destroying the elite troop at the Persian centre. This was a crushing victory for Athens. Throughout the Greco-Persian Wars the hoplite phalanx continued to defeat the Persian infantry (e.g. the battles of Thermopylae and Plataea).

Perhaps the best example of the phalanx's flexibility was the oblique advance made in the Battle of Leuctra. There, the Theban general Epaminondas thinned out the right flank and centre of his phalanx, and deepened his left flank to an unheard-of 50 men deep. This reversed the convention by which the right flank of the phalanx was strongest. The new arrangement allowed the Thebans to assault in strength the elite Spartan troops on the right flank of the opposing phalanx. Meanwhile, the centre and right flank of the Theban line were echeloned back, from the opposing phalanx, keeping the weakened parts of the formation from being engaged. Once the Spartan right had been routed by the Theban left, the remainder of the Spartan line also broke. Thus by heading with the powerful wing, Epaminondas was able to defeat an enemy previously thought invincible.

Philip II of Macedon spent several years in Thebes as a hostage, and paid attention to Epaminondas' innovations. When he got home he raised a revolutionary new infantry force, which was to change the face of the Greek world. Phillip's phalangites were the first force of professional soldiers in Ancient Greece (apart from Sparta). They were armed with much longer spears and were drilled more thoroughly in more complex tactics and manoeuvres. More importantly, though, Phillip's phalanx was part of a multi-faceted, combined force that included a variety of skirmishers and cavalry, most notably his famous Companion cavalry. 

The Macedonian phalanx now was used to pin the centre of the enemy line, while cavalry and more mobile infantry struck at the foe's flanks. Its supremacy over the more static armies fielded by the Greek city-states was shown at the Battle of Chaeronea, where Philip II's army crushed the allied Theban and Athenian phalanxes.

Mush March

Harold "Mush" March (18 October 1908 – 9 January 2002) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 17 seasons in the NHL for the Chicago Black Hawks.

March was best known for scoring the game-winning second overtime goal in Game 4 of the 1934 Stanley Cup Finals to win the Stanley Cup for the Chicago Black Hawks. He was also the first recorded player to win the Stanley Cup on an overtime goal. March won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks again in 1938. He scored the very first goal in Maple Leaf Gardens on November 12, 1931 and also dropped the very same puck that he used to score the first goal during the ceremonial opening faceoff as part of the final game played at the Gardens. March was the last surviving member of Black Hawks 1934 Stanley Cup team.


Semantic resolution tree

A semantic resolution tree is a tree used for the definition of the semantics of a programming language.

Oh-My-God particle

The Oh-My-God particle was a really tiny portion of matter or energy (undefined) moving incredibly fast. It was first spotted on the evening of 15 October 1991 over Dugway Proving Ground in Utah and shocked many astrophysicists. It has an estimated energy of (50 J)—in other words, a subatomic particle with kinetic energy equal to that of a baseball () traveling at about . That amount of energy is also 50 times the energy that a collision in the Large Hadron Collider would have.

The speed of the particle was almost the speed of light. If a year were to pass in a race between a ray of light and the particle the distance will be 0.00000046 millimetre or be behind 0.00000000000000015 seconds.

There have been at least 15 similar events recorded.

Doru Shahabad

Doru () is a town of Anantnag District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Jiddu Krishnamurti

Jiddu Krishnamurti (11 May 1895 – 17 February 1986) was an Indian-born speaker on philosophical and spiritual subjects. His career had two clearly distinct stages. In the first, he was the pupil and eventually leader of the new religious movement known as Theosophy. In the second part he rejected Theosophy and every belief associated with it, saying: "I maintain that truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect".

Krishnamurti was born into a Brahmin family in what was then British India. In early adolescence, he had a chance encounter with prominent occultist and high-ranking theosophist Charles Webster Leadbeater in the grounds of the Theosophical Society headquarters at Adyar in Madras (now Chennai). He was subsequently raised by Annie Besant and Leadbeater, leaders of the Society at the time. They believed him to be a "vehicle" for an expected World Teacher. While he was young, Besant had control over his life, and won a court case for custody of Krishnamurti and his brother.

As a young man, Krishnamurti disavowed Theosophy and dissolved the worldwide organization (the Order of the Star in the East) established to support it. He resigned from the various trusts and other organizations which were affiliated with Order of the Star, and the Theosophical Society. He returned the monies and properties donated to the Order, among them a castle in the Netherlands and of land, to their donors.

From then on he claimed allegiance to no nationality, caste, religion, or philosophy. He spent the rest of his life travelling the world, speaking to large and small groups and individuals. He authored many books, among them "The First and Last Freedom", "The Only Revolution", and "Krishnamurti's Notebook". Many of his talks and discussions have been published.

Krishnamurti did not accept followers nor worshippers. He thought the relationship between disciple and guru encouraged dependency and exploitation. He accepted gifts and financial support freely offered to him by people inspired by his work, and continued with lecture tours and the publication of books and talk transcripts for more than half a century.

He constantly urged people to think independently, and he invited them to explore and discuss specific topics together with him. His subject matter included: psychological revolution, the nature of mind, meditation, inquiry, human relationships, and bringing about change in society. He stressed the need for a revolution in the psyche of every human being and emphasized that such revolution cannot be brought about by any external entity, be it religious, political, or social.

His supporters, working through non-profit foundations in India, Great Britain and the United States, oversee several independent schools based on his views on education. They continue to transcribe and distribute his thousands of talks, group and individual discussions, and writings by use of a variety of media formats and languages.

XYZ Affair

France was taking American ships in 1797. President John Adams wanted to avoid a war with France, so he sent officials to France to discuss the rights of neutral nations. However, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand, the French foreign minister, sent three secret agents who insisted that America give a loan to France and pay a bribe. President Adams refused the offer that France gave. When he told the public in 1798, he addressed the Frenchmen as X, Y, and Z, hence the name of this affair. People hated the XYZ Affair, saying, “Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute!” America soon quickly declined France’s offer. John Adams decided to start preparing for unofficial war, but not declaring war so as to keep peace.

Craig Defoy

Craig Defoy (born 27 March 1947) is a Welsh professional golfer. Defoy played on the European Tour. He did not win but had three second-place finishes.

Deep Space Network

The Deep Space Network (or DSN) is NASA's group of large antennae at three stations around world. They are at Madrid, California, and Canberra, about 120 degrees apart around the Earth. They communicate with satellites and probes in space. The antennas are also used as radio telescopes to learn about stars and other natural things in space.

The DSN is NASA’s international array of giant radio antennas. It supports interplanetary spacecraft missions, plus a few that orbit Earth. It also provides radar and radio astronomy observations that improve the understanding of the solar system and the larger universe.

According to NASA, "The antennas of the Deep Space Network are the indispensable link to explorers venturing beyond Earth. They provide the crucial connection for commanding our spacecraft and receiving their never-before-seen images and scientific information on Earth, propelling our understanding of the universe, our solar system and ultimately, our place within it."

The placement of these sites allow communication with spacecraft as our planet rotates. Before a distant spacecraft sinks below the horizon at one DSN site, another site can pick up the signal and carry on communicating. All three sites have at least four antennae stations. Each are equipped with large parabolic dish antennas and ultra-sensitive receiving systems. They can detect incredibly faint radio signals from distant spacecraft.

Edwin M. Stanton

Edwin McMasters Stanton (December 19, 1814 – December 24, 1869) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Secretary of War under Abraham Lincoln administration during most of the American Civil War. Stanton's effective management helped organize the massive military resources of the North and guide the Union to victory under the command by Ulysses S. Grant.

Stanton was born in Steubenville, Ohio, the eldest of four children to David and Lucy Norman Stanton. Throughout his childhood and adult life Stanton suffered from asthma. Stanton studied at Kenyon College. He was also from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

He was married to Mary Lamson from 1836 until her death in 1844. They had two children; Lucy Lamson and Edwin Lamson. Then he was married to Ellen Hutchinson. His brother David committed suicide in 1846. Stanton died on December 24, 1869 in Washington, D.C. from respiratory failure, aged 55.


Samuel J. Tilden

Samuel Jones Tilden (February 19, 1814 – August 14, 1886) was the Democratic candidate for the U.S. presidency in the United States from which he lost to Rutherford B. Hayes in one of the most contentious and violent American elections in the 18th century. Tilden was also Governor of New York from January 1, 1875 through December 32, 1845. 

Tilden was born on February 19, 1814 in New Lebanon, New York. He studied at Yale University and at the University of New York. Tilden was never married and had no children. Tilden died on August 4, 1886 in Yonkers, New York from natural causes, aged 72. Tilden's gravestone has the phrase "I still trust the people" on it.


Horatio Seymour

Horatio Seymour (May 31, 1810 – February 12, 1886) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the 18th Governor of New York from 1853 to 1854 and from 1863 to 1864. He was the Democratic Party nominee for president of the United States in the presidential election of 1868, but lost the election to Republican and former Union General of the Union Army Ulysses S. Grant.

Seymour was born in Pompey Hill, New York on May 31, 1810. He studied at Geneva College. He was married to Mary Bleecker. They had no children. Seymour died on February 12, 1886 from an illness, aged 75. His wife, Mary Bleecker died a month later also from an illness.


Stephen A. Douglas

Stephen Arnold Douglas (April 23, 1813 – June 3, 1861) was an American politician from Illinois. He was a U.S. Representative, a U.S. Senator, and the Democratic Party nominee for President in the 1860 election, losing to Republican Abraham Lincoln.

Douglas had previously defeated Lincoln in a Senate contest, noted for the famous Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858. He was nicknamed the "Little Giant" because though short in physical stature, he was a forceful and even dominant figure in politics.

Douglas was born on April 23, 1813 in Brandon, Vermont. He was raised in Jacksonville, Illinois. He was married to Martha Martin from 1847 until her death in 1853. They had three children. Then he was married to Adele Cutts from 1856 until his death in 1861. They had one child. Douglas died from pneumonia caused by Typhoid fever in Chicago, Illinois on June 3, 1861, aged 48.


Surtur (Marvel Comics)

Surtur is a fictional character that appears in comic books by Marvel Comics. The character is based on the giant Surtr from Norse mythology.

Phaistos disc

The Phaistos disc is a bronze age artifact. The disc is about in diameter and is made of clay. It is covered with many symbols. It is from the civilization of Minoa on the Greek island of Crete, possibly from the 2nd millennium BC. 

The symbols cover both sides of the disc. They show everyday things. They were stamped onto the disc, pressed into the clay when it was still soft. They run in a spiral. This disc is the first known "printed" work in history; in the sense that there was a re-usable set of characters and drawings. It is the only artefact of its kind. Many questions have been asked about the disc, about its purpose, and if the signs shown actually represent writing.

In total, there are 242 tokens on the disc, taken from a set of 45 unique signs. There are arranged in 61 groups, separated by lines. Groups are between two and seven stamps long. Because the "text" is very short, and the disc is unique, it is likely that it will not be deciphered. 

Chris Pratt

Christopher Michael Pratt (born June 21, 1979) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles as Harold Brighton "Bright" Abbott in the series "Everwood," Ché in "The O.C." (2003), and Andy Dwyer and "Parks and Recreation" (2009), a role which garnered him a Critics' Choice nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 2013. He also was the voice of Emmet in the 2014 animated film "The Lego Movie" and "" (2019).

In recent years, Pratt is known for his role as Owen in the "Jurassic Park" movie series beginning in the 2015 movie "Jurassic World," in "" (2018), and in Jurassic World Dominion (2022).

Pratt was born in Virginia, Minnesota on June 21, 1979. He was raised in Lake Stevens, Washington. He married Anna Faris in 2009. Their son, Jack Pratt, was born August 25, 2012. In 2017, Pratt and Faris legally separated and divorced in 2018. He later married author Katherine Schwarzenegger in 2019. They have two daughters.

Rosario Couture

Joseph Albert Rosario "Rosie, Lolo" Couture (July 24, 1905 – March 1, 1986) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 8 seasons in the NHL; 7 seasons for the Chicago Black Hawks and 1 season for the Montreal Canadiens.

Couture won the Stanley Cup with the Black Hawks in 1934. Couture along with Leroy Goldsworthy were given the task of helping identify the body of their Black Hawks teammate Jack Leswick when Leswicks body was pulled out of the Assiniboine River in August of 1934. 


Affordable Care Act

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was a bill in the United States. It was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010. It is also known as Obamacare. The law addresses health insurance coverage, health care costs, and preventive care. The law was enacted in two parts: The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was signed into law on March 23, 2010 and was amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act on March 30, 2010.

Individuals who have low or no income, or their household meets a certain income threshold, they may qualify for a government subsidy to help them afford the insurance needed to cover rehab. Subsidies offered through the ACA include the premium tax credit and the cost-sharing subsidy.

There are many parts to the health care law.

There is now no limit on how long a person can get health care from a company. If an insurance company wants to make people pay more for their coverage, they have to give an explanation of their decision to the public. The amount that a person pays for health care, called an insurance premium, must now be used by the insurance companies only for health care. This money cannot be used for other things, like paying workers.

Health care that goes to preventing sickness is now free for many people. This is called preventive care. Health care plans now give people more choices for doctors. People can also get emergency health care at hospitals that are not covered by their health insurance.

Because of this law, children can use the health insurance of their parents until they are 26 years old. Children under 19 years old have to be given good health insurance by insurance companies, even if they are very sick before they purchase health insurance. This means that health insurance companies cannot limit coverage to only healthy children.

People who do not have health insurance will have to pay a tax until they get health insurance. This part of the act is called the individual mandate. The Supreme Court of the United States decided that the government has a right to give this tax under the United States Constitution. The amount that people will have to pay if they do not have health insurance will increase every year until 2016. Some people without health insurance will not have to pay this tax, such as poor people who cannot get insurance for free.

In 2015, companies that have more than 50 full-time workers will be responsible for giving these workers health insurance. Companies who have fewer than 50 workers will not have to do this. A full-time worker is a person who works for more than 30 hours a week at one job.

If you do not have health insurance, then you can purchase insurance on the Health Insurance Marketplace. You can also purchase insurance on the marketplace if the company that you work for gives you insurance and you are not happy with it. People can use the Health Insurance Marketplace to buy insurance on the website Healthcare.gov. If people want health insurance by January 1st, 2014, they have to register for the insurance on this market by December 15th, 2013. If they register after December 15th and they do not get health insurance by January 1st, then they will probably have to pay the tax from the individual mandate. There are ways to contact someone who works for the government if you have problems registering for health insurance on this market.

Each health insurance on this market has to pay for a person’s prescription medicine, emergency health care, maternity care, mental health care, rehabilitation, and many other things. Maternity care is given to pregnant women to take care of their children.

Medicaid is health insurance given to people with low income that is paid by the states and the federal government. Medicaid will be expanded so that more people can use it. States can choose if they want to expand Medicaid. If they choose to do this, then the federal government will pay for the majority of the cost of Medicaid.

People were worried that companies would not hire new workers or would make people work for less than 30 hours in one week so that they would not have to pay for health insurance. There have been some stories of companies doing this, but there are no statistics to support it.

There are 27 states that are not happy with the Medicaid expansion. The Supreme Court of the United States decided that these states do not have to expand Medicaid, even if the federal government wants them to.

In October 2013, the government stopped working for 16 days because Republicans refused to raise the debt ceiling unless President Obama agreed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They led to the shutdown of the government. Over 800,000 people who work for the government were not paid during this time and the government had to pay them back after the shutdown ended.

In August 2009, Sarah Palin, a person who used to be a candidate for vice president, said to the news that the Affordable Care Act would create death panels. She said that these death panels would be a group of people who would decide whether or not an older person was to receive health care or whether they should die. Many news companies and people who do research have shown that what she said is not true.

On May 4, 2017, the American Health Care Act of 2017 (AHCA) was passed narrowly by the United States House of Representatives with a vote of 217 to 213, sending the bill to the Senate for voting This is the second time the AHCA was voted in the House as the first version was not approved by the House in March 2017. President Donald Trump supported the passage of the AHCA and supports the idea of replacing and removing Obamacare.



National Assembly (Benin)

The National Assembly is Benin's legislative body. It is unicameral, meaning there is only one legislative body.

In 2012 the National Assembly has 83 members. Members are directly elected through a system of party-list proportional representation. They serve five-year terms. 

Robert Osborne

Robert Jolin Osborne Jr. (May 3, 1932 – March 6, 2017) was an American movie, stage, voice, television actor and movie historian who was known for hosting the Turner Classic Movies channel from the 1990s until his retirement in early 2016.

Osborne was born on May 3, 1932 in Colfax, Washington. He was raised in Whitman County, Washington. He studied at the University of Washington. Osborne was gay. His life partner was David Staller from 1996 until his death in 2017.

Osborne died in New York City, New York on March 6, 2017 from complications of kidney failure, aged 84.


Angélique Kidjo

Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo, commonly known as Angélique Kidjo, is a Beninoise singer-songwriter and activist. She is noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos. 

"Time Magazine" called her "Africa's premier diva". "The Guardian" listed her as one of their Top 100 Most Inspiring Women in the World. She was the first woman to be listed on "The 40 Most Powerful Celebrities In Africa" by "Forbes Magazine". 



Dhobi Ghat

Dhobi Ghat or Dhoby Ghaut is a word used in various parts of South Asia. It means a place where the traditional "dhobi" caste of washermen and women go to wash clothes. The word usually means a place near a river or stream, in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, but a "Dhobi Ghat" doesn't necessarily have to be near a source of natural water. 

The world's largest "Dhobi Ghat" is said to be in Mumbai, India. It figured in the famous "Dhobi Ghat" (2010).

Djimon Hounsou

Djimon Gaston Hounsou (born April 24, 1964) is a Beninese-American actor and model. As an actor, Hounsou has been nominated for two Academy Awards.

In 1987, he became a model and started a career in Paris. He moved to the United States in 1990.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe he plays the role of Korath the Pursuer in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and in "Captain Marvel" (2019). Also, in the DC Extended Universe, he played the role of the Fisherman King in "Aquaman" (2018), and the wizard Shazam in "Shazam!" (2019).

Wally Badarou

Wally Badarou (born Waliou Jacques Daniel Isheola Badarou, 22 March 1955, Paris, France) is a musician from Benin. Badarou played with the British band Level 42.

Badarou helped organise the Kora All Africa Music Awards in 1997. He co-wrote and produced "So Why", a charity album for the ICRC.




Gnonnas Pedro

Gnonnan Sossou Pierre Kouassivi, known by the stage name Gnonnas Pedro was a singer and musician from Lokossa, Benin. He is best known as the lead singer of Africando between 1995 and his death in 2004.

Gnonnas Pedro died August 12, 2004, age 61 of prostate cancer in a hospital of Cotonou, Benin.



Zam Zama

Zam Zama or Zam-zammah also often called the 'terror of Northern India' is an old cannon. It is made of brass and was made in Lahore (now in Pakistan) in 1762, on the orders of the Afghan king. Ahmad Shah Durrani. It was of great size back then, and had tremendous fire-power, and all armies opposing the Afghans were terrified of it in the region. 
The cannon was later damaged in a military campaign and sank to the bottom of the Chenab River from where it was recovered and captured by the victorious Sikh "Khalsa" forces of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. After that, the Punjab region fell under Sikh rule, giving birth to the superstition that 'whoever holds Zam Zama holds the Punjab'.

The cannon was later taken to Delhi but brought back to Lahore in 1870 and installed outside the old Lahore Museum and then later on shifted outside the present museum building in the 1890s, opposite to the old campus of the University of the Punjab. It was later restored and cleaned up in the 1990s.

During the period of British India, Zam Zama achieved special fame when the writer Rudyard Kipling mentioned in the opening pages of "Kim (book)", published in 1901.

Lahore Museum

The Lahore Museum or Ajaib Ghar (Urdu: Wonder House) is a museum in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. It is the largest and best museum in the country.

The original old Lahore Museum was made during British Indian times in the 1860s, in what had been the old 'Punjab Exhibition Hall' and the famous gun Zam Zama was installed outside it in 1870. This old museum, along with the Punjab School of Arts (later the Mayo College of Arts) was looked after by John Lockwood Kipling (1837-1911) father of the writer Rudyard Kipling, who mentioned the museum and Zam Zama in his "Kim (book)" (1901). In 1894, the museum's new building was completed and it moved there the same year, right opposite the old campus of the University of the Punjab, on the Mall.

The Lahore Museum is set in its beautiful grounds and has one of the best collections of arts and artifacts in its galleries in South Asia. Especially notable are: 




Don't Break the Oath

Don't Break the Oath is the second studio album by Mercyful Fate, a heavy metal band from Denmark. Some people who make music and people who talk about music think it is one of the best heavy metal albums ever.

In the 1980s, there were a lot of bands in Europe playing heavy metal. Many of them were playing music like bands from the United Kingdom, in a way that was called the New Wave of British Heavy Metal (or NWOBHM for short). There were a lot of hard rock bands, too, and there were a lot of things hard rock bands and NWOBHM bands both did. Mercyful Fate was one of the first few NWOBHM bands to be different from hard rock bands on purpose.

King Diamond, the singer and leader of Mercyful Fate, painted his face with upside-down crosses and wrote lyrics about Satan, Hell, and things like that. Hank Shermann, the band's guitarist, played very fast and with a lot of guitar solos to help make the band sound evil. Mercyful Fate had already started to do these things in 1983 with their last album, "Melissa".

Hank Shermann and Michael Denner wrote the songs in a way that fit well with King Diamond's singing. Like on "Melissa", King Diamond sang in a high-pitched way that was different from other heavy metal singers.

All of the ideas in all of the songs are evil. They talk about things like bringing back people from the dead, casting black magic, and witches and demons. Worshipping Satan is a special subject, and is talked about on almost every song.



Didier Demazière

Didier Demazière is a French sociologist specialized in the study of unemployment. He is senior researcher at French National Center for Scientific Research (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS).


Legal clinic

A legal clinic or law clinic is a place where people get legal help. They are non-profit organizations. Clinics can be found in many countries.

When legal clinics were first started, they were a way for law students to get practical experience. Many legal clinics offer pro bono work. 

Abdur Rahman Chughtai

A.R. Chughtai or in full Abdur Rahman Chughtai (1897-1975) was a Pakistani artist and painter. He was well known for his unique style of painting deeply influenced by the miniature paintings of the Mughal Empire. 

Ustad Allah Bux

Ustad Allah Baksh (1895-1978; ) was a very well known early modern artist and painter of Pakistan. He is best known today for his depictions of rural life in the country and for subjects from Hindu and Persian mythology.Whenever Pakistan's folk culture and life will be talked about, the name of Ustad (ustad means a maestro) Allah Baksh will stand out prominently. He was the man who immortalized our rural life, and specially of the Punjab – the land where he was born in 1885 in the small town of Wazirabad, Punjab. His very near-to-life life-size paintings are full of colour, life and people that forces an onlooker to stop in his tracks and appreciate his masterly work of art. He died in October 1978. His grave can be found at Muslim Town graveyard, Lahore.

Ustad Allah Bakhsh was lucky to have found Master Abdullah, a great maestro of his own time and a master of miniature art. He started learning from his ustad at the age of five and by the age of fourteen he had become an artist of his own style. He also learnt the art of painting from Master Meeran Bakhsh Naqash, a known teacher and painter and was also the Vice Principal of the Mayo School of Arts, now the National College of Arts Lahore.

His art treasure has been preserved in the National art gallery is an exclusive corner attributed to one of the great master painters of Pakistan and Indo-Pak subcontinent. Besides, his studio where he used to spend most of his time has been converted into an academy "Allah Bux Academy" which is now serving as a learning ground for those who wants to excel in this great master's style.

Henna

Henna, also known as mehandi or mendhi is a flowering plant. It has been used since ancient times to dye skin, hair, fingernails, leather, cotton, wool and other fabrics. The name is also used for the dye or color preparation derived from the plant, and for the art of making temporary tattoos or designs from these dyes. These henna tattoos are often used in wedding ceremonies. 

In addition, the name is also sometimes used, wrongly, for other chemical preparations and dyes that are in fact not made from this plant. 

The English name "henna" comes from the Arabic (or colloquially , loosely pronounced /ħinna/). The natural dye is still mostly used in Arabia, the Middle East, India, and Pakistan.

List of New England Patriots players

This is a list of New England Patriots players.


People of the Dominican Republic

Dominicans () are inhabitants or citizens of the Dominican Republic. The Dominican Republic is a multi-ethnic country in the Caribbean basin which is home to people of many different racial, ethnic, national and cultural backgrounds which has often become a great pride for many Dominicans.

It is estimated that some 894,000 enslaved Africans were brought to Dominican Republic between 1717 and 1870 (and more before 1717). The slaves came from various West African regions, but the majority came from primarily the Congo region (present-day Angola, Congo, Gabon, and Cameroon) and the gold coast/Guinean (present-day Ghana and Guinea).

In addition, many immigrants arrived from other places around the world. After the last smuggled slave ship that arrived in 1898, many Chinese people came to the island due to the Chinese Revolution, along with the Arabs of North Africa (Morocco or Algeria) and Indians. Immigration from Europe, most notably Spaniards, Italians and Germans occurred during the later parts of the nineteenth century into the beginning of the twentieth century, mostly settling in Santo Domingo and in rural areas in the Cibao valley alike. During World War II, the Dominican Republic became the only nation to take in Jewish refugees by orders from then president Rafael Leonidas Trujillo. Nearly 800 German and Austrian Jews settled in the town of Sosua, Puerto Plata.

Today, much of the contemporary Dominican population is largely Black and Mulatto. The Dominican Republic itself is 45% Mulatto, 40% Black, and 15% White. Studies have indicated that up to 15% of all Dominicans carry maternal Taino-Arawak lineage, figures which are higher in rural areas. Other studies often indicate that the average Dominican is 60% African , 35% European (Mostly Spanish) and 5% Taino-Arawak, but these figures also vary by region as the purest Blacks is lives mostly in the Coastal lowland regions of the country.

Bodo nationalism

Bodo nationalism is an ideology that supports self-determination for the Bodo people. The Bodo people are said to be persecuted and discriminated against by Muslim groups in the Indian state of Assam.

Somme River

The Somme is a river in the north of France, in the Hauts-de-France region, and gives its name to the department called Somme.

The name of the river is of Celtic origins, and refers to the tranquility of the river over much of its course. The river is known for the Battle of the Somme, which was an important battle of the First World War.

The Somme river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Somme is in the Fonsomme "commune" (Aisne), at an altitude of about .

The Somme passes through the departments and cities of:

The Somme river flows through 49 "communes".

Finally, it flows into the English Channel near Saint-Valery-sur-Somme.


Different archeological finds have been discovered in its valley: The Acheulean culture is named after Saint-Acheul, a suburb of Amiens. Hand axes from the Palaeolithic period were found there, and gave this name to the respective period.



United National Liberation Front

The United National Liberation Front (UNLF) is an insurgent group in the state of Manipur in the North east of the Republic of India. The UNLF wants to make Manipur an independent Socialist state.

Ghost Dance

Ghost Dance was a new religious movement among Native Americans. It was active from about 1860 to about 1890. These people had been forced to change their ways of life, and had lost much of their culture and identity. The Ghost Dance promised them that if they performed the "Dance" and lived the right way, they could re-unite the living and the dead, they would again be given most of the things they had lost to the whites, and the people who had caused such misery would be driven away from their land. There were also real dance rituals that they did to represent their spiritual path.

There was a lot of activity twice: the first time around 1860, and the second time around 1890. Around 1860, a Native American (Paiute) called "Wodziwob" had a vision. He saw that the white people would be driven away, and the people would be reunited with their ancestors' spirits, called "ghosts". He was also told how to do the dance ritual. The movement spread rapidly. Each tribe added its own elements into the Ghost Dance. The first phase ended around 1872, because it did not have success, and Wodzivob said that he was possibly wrong.

The second wave started about twenty years later. A man called Wovoka who worked at an LDS Mormon ranch started it. He was influenced by the new faith, and by some of its ideas, such as sending apostles to spread the faith. This movement spread wider, and was again adapted to each tribe's culture. The Lakota also adopted the idea of a messiah. The Lakota lived on a reservation, and the local authorities saw this as threat, when they saw 25,000 natives dance. This led to the Wounded Knee Massacre in 1890, where many Natives were killed.

Wovoka wrote a letter in 1892 to the other tribes telling them that Jesus had just returned to earth that year, and that if they lived upright lives, they would be getting their lands and culture again some day, and the dead would live. He stayed out of public sight for the rest of his life after giving this message, and lived until the 1930s.

Suiko period

The Suiko period was an era of 25 years during the Asuka period of Japanese history. This period overlaps all but 7 years of Empress Suiko's reign (604-628) or it is used as a synonym for her reign (593-628).

The adoption of the sexegenary cycle calendar ("Jikkan Jūnishi") was a significant event in the reign of Empress Suiko. This pre-dates the system of which was started in 645.





Ballast tamper

A ballast tamper is a machine used to make railway tracks level. It is like the railway version of a road roller but instead of only squashing the high parts, it also lifts the track out of dips. Before tamping machines were made, tamping was done by lots of people with shovels. The machines make tamping quicker and the track is more level than if tamping is done by hand. Also, some new tracks and sleepers are too heavy to be lifted by hand, so a tamper has to be used.

New tampers can also move the track from side to side to make it smoother.

WFMU

WFMU is a listener-supported, radio station based in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. It uses a freeform radio program format. This means each personality or disc jockey who goes on the air, gets to decide what music to play. WFMU is the longest-running freeform radio station in the U.S.

Official Homepage The official site of "WFMU".

Christiana Guinle

Christiana Guinle is a Brazilian producer and actress of stage, movies and television. She graduated from the Royal Shakespeare Company.





Jackie Earle Haley

Jack "Jackie" Earle Haley (born July 14, 1961) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Little Children", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Watchmen", "Human Target", "Dark Shadows", "Lincoln", "London Has Fallen" and "".

Haley was born on July 14, 1961 in Northridge, California. He was married three times, both ended in divorce. He was married to Amelia Cruz since 2004. He has a son, Christopher, and a daughter, Olivia.


River Phoenix

River Jude Phoenix (August 23, 1970 – October 31, 1993) was an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, musician, and activist who is known for his roles in "The Thing Called Love", "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade", "Dark Blood", "My Own Private Idaho", "I Love You To Death" and in "Stand by Me". His brother was actor Joaquin Phoenix.

Phoenix was born on August 23, 1970 in Madras, Oregon to Arlyn Sharon Dunetz and to John Lee Botton. He was the oldest of five. Phoenix never married and had no children. Phoenix died on October 31, 1993 in West Hollywood, California from a drug overdose and heart failure, aged 23.


Alan Cumming

Alan Cumming OBE (born 27 January 1965) is a Scottish actor who is known for his roles in "The Smurfs", "Spy Kids", "Son of the Mask", and in "X2". He won an Drama Desk Award and an Tony Award.

Cumming was born on 27 January 1965 in Aberfeldy, Perthshire, Scotland. He studied at Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Cumming is openly bisexual. He was married to Hilary Lyon from 1985 until they divorced in 1993. He had been in a civil partnership with Grant Shaffer since 2007. Cumming gained American citizenship in 2008; he has been a dual British-American citizen since then.


Tent pegging

Tent pegging (sometimes spelled 'tentpegging' or 'tent-pegging') is a cavalry or equestrian sport of ancient origin.
In the specific sport of tent pegging a mounted horseman, or at times a team of horsemen, rides at a gallop and uses a sword or a lance to pierce, pick up and carry away a small ground target (a symbolic tent peg) or a series of such small ground targets.

The origins of tent pegging are ambiguous and subject to some controversy. Some historians and other scholars believe it originated in Arabia, others believe that it might have evolved in Central Asia, while others still believe in its Indian origins. It is believed that people have practised the game of tent pegging since at least the 4th century BC, and over the ages Middle Eastern, Asian and later European empires popularized the game around the world.

The term "tent pegging", however, historically emerged from the attacks by Arabian Muslim cavaliers on enemy camps at dawn or late night, where they would gallop to their tents and pluck out the pegs of their tents, so that these would collapse on them, thus causing havoc and terror in the camp. Several old medieval Arab books give descriptions of such tactics.

Today, tent pegging is practised around the world, but is especially popular in Australia, Pakistan, India, Israel, Oman, the United Arab Emirates, South Africa, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Olympic Council of Asia included tent pegging as an official sport in 1982, and the International Federation for Equestrian Sports recognised it as an official equestrian discipline in 2004.

However, it is important to recognize the difference between tent pegging as an 'international sport' and the local, rural version of the sport played by the traditional tribal peoples such as the Bedu in the Middle East and Oman, the "Desi" horsemen of Pakistani and Indian Punjab and so on. The former is a milder sport, whereas the latter is a fiercer and more commanding contest.

Sadequain

Syed Sadequain Ahmed Naqvi (1930-1987) also referred to as Sadequain Naqqash or simply Sadequain, was a famous Pakistani artist. He is best known for his skills as a calligrapher and a painter.

Leavenworth, Kansas

Leavenworth is a city in the state of Kansas in the United States. It is the county seat of Leavenworth County. It is also the biggest city in the county. Leavenworth is about northwest of Kansas City, Missouri. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. There were 37,351 people living in Leavenworth in 2020.

The city of Leavenworth was started in 1854. It was the first incoporated city in Kansas. The city is south of Forth Leavenworth. The fort is the oldest active Army post west of the Mississippi River. Fort Leavenworth was started in 1827 by Colonel Henry Leavenworth. At first, the fort was outside of the city. On April 12, 1977, the city took over the fort and it became part of the city.

There are many jails, prisons, and detention centers in Leavenworth. The most famous prison is the Leavenworth federal prison. The United States military also has a maximum security prison in Leavenworth. This prison is called the United States Disciplinary Barracks. The Kansas State Penitentiary and the state medium security prison are also close to the city.

One of the famous people who was in Leavenworth prison was Ricardo Flores Magon. Flores Magon was an anarchist from Mexico. (An "anarchist" is someone who thinks that there should be no government.) He was an important person during the Mexican Revolution (1910). He died in Leavenworth prison in 1922. Some people think that the guards killed him. Other people think he died of natural causes.

There are some vaults underneath the city. These are big rooms underground. The vaults were found very recently. Historians (people who study history) think that the vaults were used for slaves, fugitives (people hiding from the law), or commerce (buying and selling things.)

The University of Saint Mary is in Leavenworth. The University is run by the Sisters of Charity.

The coordinates for Leavenworth are (39.3111112, -94.9224637). The city is above sea level. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . It covers of land and of water.

Leavenworth is on the west bank (side) of the Missouri River. It is in the Dissected Till Plains region of the Central Lowlands of North America. Four tributaries of the Missouri River go through the city. These tributaries are Quarry Creek, Corral Creek, Three Mile Creek, and Five Mile Creek.

Leavenworth is in the northeastern part of Kansas. U.S. Route 73 and Kansas Highway 92 (K-92) intersect (cross) at the city. It is about northwest of Kansas City, Missouri. Omaha, Nebraska is to the northeast. Wichita, Kansas is to the southwest.
The north half of the city is Fort Leavenworth. Both Leavenworth city and Leavenworth County are a part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. To the south of Leavenworth is another city: Lansing, Kansas.

Leavenworth is in a part of North America where the climate (weather) changes from humid subtropical (Köppen "Cfa") to humid continental (Köppen "Dfa"). The summer is hot and humid. The winter is cold and dry. The average temperature for the whole year is .

The average low temperature in the winter is in January. The average high temperature is in July. Usually the temperature only gets hotter than on 43 days every year. The temperature gets hotter than about four days ever year. The low temperature goes below freezing () for 107 days every year. The first frost usually happens in October. The last frost usually happens by April.

Every year, there are about 89.7 days of precipitation. (Precipitation is any kind of water falling from the sky. Snow, hail, and rain are kinds of precipitation.) The city usually gets about of precipitation. It also gets about of snow every year. It usually snows for eight days every year.

The coldest month of the year is usually January. The hottest month is usually July. The most rain usually falls in June. The hottest temperature ever recorded was in 1954. The coldest temperature ever recorded was in 1989.

The 2020 census found there were 37,351 people, 13,143 households, and 8,369 families living in Leavenworth. The population density was 1,540.7 people per square mile (594.9/km²). Of the households, 47.9% owned their home and 52.1% rented their home.

The people living in Leavenworth were 71.0% White, 13.8% African-American, 1.1% Native American, 1.8% Asian American, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 2.0% from other races, and 10.0% from more than one race.

The median age was 35.4 years.

The 2010 United States Census found there were 35,251 people living in Leavenworth. They made up 12,256 households and 8,129 families. The population density was 1,466.2 people per square mile (566.1/km²). The people living in Leavenworth were 75.4% white, 15.1% African-American, 0.9% Native American, 1.8% Asian American, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 2.0% from other races, and 4.6% from more than one race.

From the middle to late 19th century (1850-1900), there were many Jewish people in Leavenworth. It was one of the biggest Jewish communities in all of Kansas. By 1870, there were many Orthodox congregations in Leavenworth.

Leavenworth has two sister cities:


Arkalochori Axe

The Arkalochori Axe is a bronze double axe, probably from the 17th century BC. The axe was found in a cave on Crete, in 1934. Other items were also found together with the axe. Possibly, there was an earthquake which rendered the cave inaccessible, at the end of the period SM I. The axe was probably used for a reliious ritual. The axe is inscribed with fifteen symbols. It has been suggested that these might be Linear A but Professor Glanville Price agrees with Louis Godart that "the characters on the axe are no more than a 'pseudo-inscription' engraved by an illiterate in uncomprehending imitation of authentic Linear A characters on other similar axes." The axe and the Phaistos Disc are conserved in the Iraklion Archaeological Museum.

The cave where the axe was found was used from about 2500 BC onwards. In 1912, 53 bronze swords, and 19 double axes were found there; one of the axes is made of silver. Such axes often appear on items which have been attributed to the Minoan or Mycenean culture. One example is the Hagia Triada sarcophagus, which has been dated to the 14th century BC.

When the cave was searched again in 1934, a bigger double axe, made of bronze was found. This axe is about 30 centimetres wide. It is special because it bears an inscription. The symbols on the axe are aligned in three columns. These characters have been compared to both Linear A and the stamps on the Phaistos disc. As of 2012, the writing is unreadable.

Together with this axe, hundreds of long swords, knives and double axes were found in the cave. Most of these were given as offerings, but some are usable. There are 25 small double axes made of gold and seven made of silver. Among the axes found, there are a golden axe, and one made of sivler; either axe is only about 5 cm wide. Both axes (ref "AR Zf 1" and "AR Zf 2") bear the same inscription of a word in Linear A:

This has been phonetically transcribed as "I-DA-MA-TE". This transcription resembles the name of the goddess Demeter. The four symbols in Linear A also resemble symbols on the bigger bronze axe. The findings indicate that there probably was a temple to a deity linked to military activity in the cave.

Of the fifteen signs, two appear to be unique. The suggestions for comparison with Linear A and Phaistos Disc glyphs are due to Torsten Timm (2004).

Reading right to left, top to bottom, the symbols are as follows.

National College of Arts

The National College of Arts in Lahore, Pakistan is usually referred to by its acronym NCA. It is the oldest fine arts training institute in the country and one of the oldest and best in all of Asia. 

The NCA has a rich historical tradition dating back to the days of the British Raj. During the 1860s, it was established in Lahore, in the Punjab region, as the 'Punjab School of Arts' and was then renamed the 'Mayo School of Arts, Lahore', after Lord Mayo, a Viceroy of India. In the 1890s, it moved to its present location next to the Lahore Museum and became the 'Mayo College of Arts' and after Partition and Independence of Pakistan in 1947, it was formally designated as the 'National College of Arts'. 

The old Mayo School and College had the unique distinction of having as its first principal and head, Mr John Lockwood Kipling, father of the writer Rudyard Kipling, who was also Curator of the Lahore Museum simultaneously. 

John Lockwood Kipling

John Lockwood Kipling (6 July 1837 – 26 January 1911) was an English art teacher, illustrator, and museum curator, who spent most of his career in British India. He was the father of the famous writer Rudyard Kipling. Most of the original illustrations for Rudyard's renowned "Kim (book)" (1901) were made by John Lockwood.

Yasuhito, Prince Chichibu

Prince Chichibu (Chichibu-no-miya Yasuhito Shinnō) (25 June 1902 – 4 January 1953), also known as Prince Yasuhito, was the second son of Emperor Taishō and a younger brother of the Emperor Shōwa. 

As a member of the Imperial House of Japan, he was the patron of various sporting, medical, and international exchange organizations. As an English-speaking prince he played a significant role in post-World War 2 Japan's reconstruction. However, he died tragically early due to Tuberculosis.

The Prince was married to the Princess Chichibu.

Setsuko, Princess Chichibu

Princess Chichibu (Yasuhito Shinnōhi Setsuko, née Setsuko Matsudaira) ( 9 September 1909 – 25 August 1995) was the wife of Prince Chichibu (Yasuhito) of Japan, the second son of Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei. She was, therefore, a sister-in-law of Emperor Shōwa and an aunt of the present Emperor, Akihito. 

After her husband's death from Tuberculosis in 1953, Princess Chichibu became president of the Japanese Society for the Prevention of Tuberculosis, honorary president of the Britain-Japan Society, the Sweden-Japan Society, and an honorary vice president of the Japanese Red Cross. She also maintained close links with old friends active in similar social service ventures around the world. 

She died in August 1995 of heart failure.

Guelma

Guelma () is the capital of Guelma Province and Guelma District. It is in northeastern Algeria, about from the Mediterranean coast.

The town of Guelma was created in 1836; and the modern city was established in 1974.


Josef Fritzl

Josef Fritzl (born 9 April 1935) is an Austrian criminal who has been convicted in the Fritzl case. He held his daughter Elisabeth captive in a basement dungeon that he built under his house. Fritzl made his daughter write letters to him and her mother, saying she had joined a cult. During the 24 years that he had her imprisoned, Fritzl often raped his daughter, and she had seven children with him because of this. One of the baby boys died and Fritzl burned his body. The police eventually found out about his crimes when one of the children became very sick and he took her to the hospital. 

Fritzl was tried and convicted on several charges, and he was sentenced to life imprisonment in a facility for the mentally ill in March 2009. Fritzl could become eligible for release after fifteen years, but he is expected to be in prison until he dies. A forensic psychiatrist diagnosed him with a personality disorder and a .

Superiority bias

Superiority bias is when people think too much of themselves without good reason. They overrate their positive qualities and abilities, and underrate their negative qualities (relative to others). Other phrases for this are: illusory superiority, the above average effect, leniency error, sense of relative superiority, the "primus inter pares" effect, and the Lake Wobegon effect. This was named after Garrison Keillor's fictional town where "all the children are above average". 

Illusory superiority has been found in education (such as class performance, exams and overall intelligence), at work (for example in job performance), and in social settings (for example in estimating one's popularity, or the extent to which one possesses desirable personality traits, such as honesty or confidence), as well as everyday abilities requiring particular skill.

One problem is the ambiguity of the word "average". It is logically possible for nearly all of the set to be above the mean if the distribution of abilities is highly skewed. For example, the mean number of human legs is slightly lower than two, because of a small number of people have only one or no legs. Experiments usually compare subjects to the median of the peer group, since by definition it is impossible for a majority to exceed the median.

A second problem is that people interpret a question in different ways, so maybe most are better than the rest of the group "each on their own understanding". This interpretation is confirmed by experiments which varied the amount of interpretive freedom subjects were given. As people evaluate themselves on a specific, well-defined attribute, illusory superiority remains.

In Kruger and Dunning's experiments people were given specific tasks such as solving problems in logic, analyzing grammar questions, and deciding whether or not jokes were funny. They were asked to evaluate their performance on these tasks relative to the rest of the group. This gave a direct comparison of their actual and perceived performance.

Results were divided into four groups depending on actual performance and it was found that all four groups evaluated their performance as above average, meaning that the lowest-scoring group (the bottom 25%) showed a very large illusory superiority bias. The researchers attributed this to the fact that the people who were worst at performing the tasks were also worst at recognizing skill in those tasks. This was supported by the fact that, given training, the worst subjects improved their estimate of their rank as well as getting better at the tasks.

In a survey of faculty at the University of Nebraska, 68% rated themselves in the top 25% for teaching ability. In a similar survey, 87% of MBA students at Stanford University rated their academic performance as above the median.

Findings of illusory superiority in research have also explained phenomena such as the large amount of stock market trading (as each trader thinks they are the best, and most likely to succeed), and the number of lawsuits that go to trial (because, due to illusory superiority, many lawyers have an inflated belief that they will win a case).

In team science contexts, superiority bias has been mathematically modeled as a reluctance to adopt solutions used by others unless they are significantly better than one's current solution. This bias can increase the diversity of solutions within a team, potentially leading to higher-quality outcomes for complex problems, albeit with increased time and resource investment.

One of the first studies that found the effect of illusory superiority was carried out in 1976 by the College Board in the USA. A survey was attached to the SAT exams (taken by approximately one million students per year), asking the students to rate themselves relative to the median of the sample (rather than the average peer) on a number of vague positive characteristics. In ratings of leadership ability, 70% of the students put themselves above the median. In ability to get on well with others, 85% put themselves above the median, and 25% rated themselves in the top 1%.

Research also showed subjects rated friends higher than other peers. 

In Zuckerman and Jost's study, people were given detailed questionnaires about their friendships and asked to assess their own popularity. They showed that they generally had exaggerated perceptions of their own popularity, particularly in comparison to their own friends.

Researchers have also found the effects of illusory superiority in studies into relationship satisfaction. For example, one study found that people thought their own relationships were better than others' relationships on average. They also thought that most people were happy with their relationships. This study found evidence that the higher the participants rated their own relationship happiness, the more superior they believed their relationship was. 

In men, satisfaction was also related to the perception that one's own relationship was superior. Women's satisfaction was particularly related to the assumption that most others were happy with their relationship.

Illusory superiority effects have been found in a study of health behaviors. The study involved asking people to estimate how often they, and their peers, carried out healthy and unhealthy behaviors. They reported that they carried out healthy behaviors more often than the average peer, and unhealthy behaviors less often, as would be expected given the effect of illusory superiority. These findings were for both past self-report of behaviors and expected future behaviors.

Svenson (1981) surveyed 161 students in Sweden and the United States, asking them to compare their driving safety and skill to the other people in the experiment. For driving skill, 93% of the US sample and 69% of the Swedish sample put themselves in the top 50% (above the median). For safety, 88% of the US group and 77% of the Swedish sample put themselves in the top 50%.

McCormick, Walkey and Green (1986) found similar results in their study, asking 178 drivers to evaluate their position on eight different dimensions relating to driving skill (examples include the "dangerous-safe" dimension and the "considerate-inconsiderate" dimension). Only a small minority rated themselves as below average (the midpoint of the dimension scale) at any point, and when all eight dimensions were considered together it was found that almost 80% of participants had evaluated themselves as being above the average driver.

Subjects describe themselves in positive terms compared to other people, and this includes describing themselves as less susceptible to bias than other people. This effect is called the "bias blind spot".

OpenSolaris

OpenSolaris was an open source Unix operating system from Sun Microsystems. It was based on Sun's non-free Solaris operating system. The operating system was known for its ZFS file system. In 2010, Oracle Corporation bought Sun Microsystems and chose to stop making new versions of OpenSolaris. OpenSolaris was later forked into the illumos kernel and the OpenIndiana distribution.


Tyne Daly

Ellen Tyne Daly (born February 21, 1946) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles as Detective Mary Beth Lacey in "Cagney & Lacey" and as Maxine Gray in "Judging Amy". She has won six Emmy Awards, an Tony Award, and an Drama Desk Award.

Daly was born on February 21, 1946 in Madison, Wisconsin. She studied at Brandeis University and at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. She was married to Georg Stanford Brown from 1966 until they divorced in 1990. They had three children. Her brother is actor Tim Daly; her father was actor James Daly.


Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre

The Akhundov Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre (Azeri: "Axundov adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Akademik Opera və Balet Teatrı") is an opera house in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is used for opera performances and ballet performances. The building was built in 1911 and is in the Art Nouveau style. It is in the center of Baku. It was opened as an opera house in 1920, and in 1927 the opera house was named after the Azerbaijani writer Mirza Fatali Akhundov. The opera house has 600 seats. The opera house was renovated in 1985 but burned just after all the restoratory works were finished. In 1987, the opera house was renovated again, and after all the restoratory works were finished, the opera house finally reopened its doors.


Liz Smith (journalist)

Mary Elizabeth "Liz" Smith (February 2, 1923 – November 12, 2017) was an American gossip columnist. She was known as The Grand Dame of Dish. She was a journalist for the New York Daily Times.

Smith was born on February 2, 1923 in Fort Worth, Texas. She was raised in New York City. Smith studied at the University of Texas at Austin. She worked for five years at CBS Radio with Mike Wallace. She was married to George Edward until they divorced.

She was bisexual.

Smith died at her Manhattan apartment on November 12, 2017 of natural causes at the age of 94.


Ann Richards

Dorothy Ann Willis Richards (September 1, 1933 – September 13, 2006) was an American politician and the 45th Governor of Texas. She first obtained national attention as the state treasurer of Texas, when she delivered the keynote address at the 1988 Democratic National Convention. Richards served as the 45th Governor of Texas from 1991 to 1995 and was defeated for re-election in 1994 by George W. Bush. Ann Richards was the second woman governor of Texas.

Richards was born on September 1, 1933 in Lakeview, Texas. Richards was raised in Austin, Texas. She studied at Baylor University. Richards was married to David Richards from 1953 until they divorced in 1984. They have four children, including former President of Planned Parenthood Cecile Richards.

Richards died on September 13, 2006 just 12 days after her 73rd birthday from esophageal cancer in Austin, Texas, aged 73.


Susannah York

Susannah York (Susannah Yolande Fletcher, January 9, 1939 – January 15, 2011) was an English movie, stage, voice, radio, and television actress. She was known for her role as Alice in "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?". She won a BAFTA Award for her role as Alice. She was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

York was born on 9 January 1939 in Chelsea, London, England. She studied at Marr College and at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.

York was married to Michael Wells from 1960 until they divorced in 1976. They have two children. York died on 15 January 2011, six days after her 72nd birthday in a hospital in Chelsea, London, England from multiple myeloma, aged 72.


Robert Goulet

Robert Gerard Goulet (November 26, 1933 – October 30, 2007) was an American singer, movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor.

He was known for his deep voice and for his roles in "Beetlejuice", "", and in the broadway version of Camelot as Lancelot. He won a Grammy Award and a Tony Award. He was a "lost Canadian".

Goulet was born on November 26, 1933 in Lawrence, Massachusetts. He studied at Victoria Composite High School and at The Royal Conservatory of Music.

He was married to Louise Longmore from 1956 until they divorced in 1963. Then he was married to Carol Lawrence from 1963 until they divorced in 1981. Then he was married to Vera Novak from 1982 until his death in 2007.

Goulet died on October 30, 2007 in Los Angeles, California from respiratory failure caused by pulmonary fibrosis, aged 73.



Lucille Bliss

Lucille Theresa Bliss (March 31, 1916 – November 8, 2012) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actress. She was known for being the voice of Smurfette in "The Smurfs".

Bliss was born on March 31, 1916 in New York City, New York. Her career began in 1935 and lasted until her death in 2012. Bliss died on November 8, 2012 in Costa Mesa, California from natural causes, aged 96.


Daws Butler

Charles Dawson "Daws" Butler (November 16, 1916 – May 18, 1988) was an American actor and comedian. He was is known for his voice roles as Yogi Bear, Quick Draw McGraw, Snagglepuss, and Huckleberry Hound.

Butler was born on November 16, 1916 in Toledo, Ohio. Butler's family later moved to Chicago, Illinois were he was raised. He began his career as an entertainer in Chicago.

Butler was married to Mytris Martin from c. 1940 until his death in 1988. They had four children. Butler died from a heart attack in Culver City, California on May 18, 1988, aged 71.


Jimmy Donegan

Jimmy Donegan (born around 1940) is an Aboriginal Australian artist. His painting "Papa Tjukurpa munu Pukara" won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2010. He speaks Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra. His work is held in several major private galleries in Australia and Europe. The only major public gallery to hold one of his works is the National Gallery of Victoria.

Donegan was born about 1940. He was born at Yanpan, a rock hole near Ngatuntjarra bore in outback Western Australia. He grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra country around what is now the communities of Papulankutja and Mantamaru. His family settled at Papulankutja (then known as Blackstone) in the 1950s.

Before he began painting, Donegan worked as a stockman. He was also a hunter and a craftsman well known for making traditional hunting tools (spears, spear-throwers and boomerangs). During the early 1970s, Donegan helped to set up outstations in the south-western Pitjantjatjara lands. His wife was born near Puta Puta, a place close to Kalka in what is now the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. The couple and their children originally lived there, but they later moved to Papulankutja, closer to Jimmy's own homeland.

Jimmy's wife, Nuuniwa Imundura Donegan, was also a craftswoman. During the mid- to late-1990s, she was a member of the Tjanpi Desert Weavers, a project of women producing artistic objects made mainly from grass (""). Their life-sized "Tjanpi Grass Toyota", a truck made mostly of desert grasses, won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2005. Other examples of her work are now held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia.

Donegan began painting professionally about 2000. He was one of the first painters at the local co-operative Papulankutja Artists, established in 2001. Some of his work with Papulankutja was displayed in a group exhibition in Perth in 2005. During this year, Nuuniwa died, and Donegan moved back to live at Kalka. The couple's four children were living there, and he returned to live with them. He started painting for Kalka's community art centre, Ninuku Arts, when it was established in 2006.

Since joining Ninuku Arts, Donegan's work has been featured every year in the annual Desert Mob exhibition in Alice Springs. It has also been shown in other group exhibitions in Sydney, Canberra, Broome, Melbourne and Adelaide. He has not had a solo exhibition.

Donegan's paintings depict ancestral stories from the Dreamtime, which have spiritual significance for his family. He mostly focuses on stories relating to his paternal (his father's and grandfather's) heritage. His father was Dulu, a rock hole in the Gibson Desert where there are lots of dingoes. It is associated with the Dingo Dreaming ('). His grandfather's country is Pukara, a sacred men's site south of Irrunytju that is closely associated with the story of the two snake men ('). These are stories are about how the land was created.

Donegan's most famous painting, "Papa Tjukurpa munu Pukara", combined both of these stories onto a single canvas. It is a composition of several different styles and techniques. The painting won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in August 2010. It was given the award for best painting, and was then chosen for the overall prize from the winners of each of the five categories. It was the first time Donegan had entered his artwork into a competition.

Critics have said that Donegan's work looks influenced by the early styles of the Western Desert art movement at Warburton – as the artist was living there during the mid-1990s –, but that he also shows a new style and experimentalism.


Lady Garden Park

The Lady Garden Park (originally Ladies' Garden) is a public park in Abbottabad town, Pakistan. 

The park was established soon after the foundation of Abbotabad town itself (January 1853) by Major James Abbott. As distinct from the "Company Bagh" (East India Company Park) which was also founded down in the main bazaar for the recreation of "natives", the Ladies Garden was exclusively for the use of European or "White" ladies and families. It was laid out over a whole block of the urban military cantonment area, opposite to St Luke's Church, Abbottabad. A number of trees and flowers imported from England and other places were also planted here.

While the British Raj in India lasted, this park retained its exclusive character, but after the Independence of Pakistan in 1947, it was opened to all the general public.

The park is a very popular recreational place for the citizens of Abbottabad. Apart from the general, open area with lawns and walks etc., a section has also been segregated for women and children, with swings, slides, see-saws and so on. A small snack-bar and benches are also placed in a pleasant location, under some fine old trees. A special feature of the park is the copy of the farewell poem written by Major Abbott, the town's founder, which has been carved on a big stone slab beneath a majestic cedar tree. Many tourists come to see and read this and get themselves photographed here (See Link Below for Abbott Poem Text).

The park has some literary connections, or has been mentioned in some literary works, most notably:



Commemorative plaque

A commemorative plaque, or simply plaque, is a plate made of metal, ceramic, stone, wood, or other material. It is usually placed on a wall or a large stone. It usually has text and sometimes an image in memory of one or more persons, as used for epitaph, an event, a former use of the place, or some other thing. A plaquette is a small plaque. The word plaquette is not usually used for outdoor plaques fixed to wall.

In England there is the Blue Plaques scheme. Plaques are put on to buildings to commemorate their links with important people or events. The scheme has been run by English Heritage for over 140 years and is thought to be the oldest of its kind in the world.

Other commemorative plaque schemes are run by local councils and charities throughout the United Kingdom. These use their own rules for deciding when to put up a plaque. A list of schemes in England can be found on the English Heritage website.

As the price of scrap metal has increased plaques have been stolen by thieves wishing to sell the metal for cash.

Plaques or, more often, plaquettes, have text awarding someone or something.


Valonia ventricosa

Valonia ventricosa, also known as "bubble algae" and "sailors’ eyeballs", is a species of algae found in oceans throughout the world in tropical and subtropical regions. It is one of the largest single-celled organisms. However, although genuinely a single cell, it has more than one nucleus.

"Valonia ventricosa" usually grow alone, but sometimes they grow in groups. They appear in the littoral zones and continental shelf of tropical and subtropical areas, like the Caribbean, north to Florida, south to Brazil, and in the Indo-Pacific. Overall, they inhabit most oceans in the world, often living in broken coral.
The deepest water it lives in is about .

The single-cell organism has a spherical to ovoid (egg-like) shape. The colour varies from grass green to dark green (though in deep dark water they may appear to be silver, teal, or even blackish). This is determined by the number of chloroplasts of the specimen. The surface of the cell shines like glass. The body is a thin-walled, tough, single cell with more than one nucleus. The diameter is usually from although it may get to in rare cases. The "bubble" alga is attached to the bottom by fibres: "... anchored to a substrate by minute hair-like appendages called rhizoids that create a surprisingly strong hold". 

Reproduction occurs by cell division, where the multinucleic mother cell makes daughter cells, which become separate from the mother cell.

Because its cells are so large, "Valonia ventricosa" has been used to study the permeability of cell membranes.< In studying the cellulose lattice in the cell wall, "Valonia ventricosa" has undergone extensive X-ray analytical procedures. It has also been studied for its electrical properties, due to its unusually high electrical potential relative to the seawater that surrounds it.

Gulab Singh

Maharaja Gulab Singh (1792–1857), Dogra Rajput, was the founder of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir. It was the second largest princely state in British India.Though he was a man of principles, his descendents especially Hari Singh then turned out to be an autocratic ruler who suppressed the Muslims during his reign.

In 1821, Gulab Singh caprajauri from Azhar Khan and vishwa from raja tej Mohan Singh comma full stop that same year gulab into part in VI who had been leading of revolution against the se Kishore Singh died in 1822 and gulab Singh was confirmed as raja of Jammu by his subject Ranjit Singh afterwards gulab Singh ticket, declaration of sun

Ranjit Singh

Maharaja Ranjit Singh (13 November 1780 – 27 June 1839) was the founder of the Sikh Empire, which came to power in the Punjab from the 16th-19th century. The capital was at Gujranwala, later moved to Lahore. Ranjit Singh first came to fame around the year 1798 when he took advantage of the Durrani Empire turmoil in the Punjab region and captured the city of Lahore expelling the Afghan Muslim army garrison in the city. He then expanded in the Punjab region destroying each and ever Afghan Empire garrison and conquered many cities through his most decorated general, Hari Singh Nalwa. At its height, the Sikh Empire stretched from Jamrud in the west, Amritsar in the east, Multan in the south and Srinagar in the north.

After Ranjit Singh's death, his successors were weak and divided and the entire Punjab region fell to the British East India Company, and was conquered by the British Empire later to become part of British Raj.

Dogras

The Dogra are an Indo-Aryan ethnic group in South Asia. Dogras are mostly believed to be of Rajput origins. They are largely settled in the hilly areas of Jammu, in India. In terms of religion, they are mostly Hindus, with some Sikhs and Muslims too.

Tiwana

The Tiwana are a Punjabi Jatt and Rajput clan from the Punjab region of India and Pakistan. The Tiwanas in Indian Punjab are mostly Sikhs, while the Tiwanas of Pakistani Punjab are almost all Muslims. 

The best-known member of this clan was late Malik Sir Khizar Hayat Tiwana who for some time remained Premier of the Punjab in British India, following Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan's demise.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 15

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 15 is the fifteenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model". It premiered on September 8, 2010. The episode titles for this cycle were based on the guest judges. The international destinations for this cycle are Venice, Milan, Verona and Como. The winner was 19-year-old Ann Ward from Dallas, Texas.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Chelsey's age during on the recap episode, when she turned 23.

 The contestant was eliminated outside from judging panel


Khizar Hayat Tiwana

Sir Malik Khizar Hayat Tiwana (7 August 1900 – 20 January 1975) () was a Punjabi politician of British India. He was a member of the Unionist Party (Punjab). He remained Premier of the Punjab region from 1942 to 1947, just before the Partition of India.

He was from a Tiwana Jat landowning family which had been prominent since the 15th and 16th centuries. His father Malik Sir Umar Hayat Tiwana had also been a faithful vassal of the British Raj and did much to elevate the family further.

Tarar

The Tarar are a Jatt clan of India and Pakistan. They mostly live in the Punjab region in both these countries. Tarars in Indian Punjab are mostly Hindus and Sikhs while those in Pakistani Punjab are all Muslims.

In recent times, the most well-known member of this clan is Muhammad Rafiq Tarar, a former President of Pakistan.

Pahalgam

Pahalgam () is a town in India. It is located in the Anantnag District in the union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.

Common ivy

Common Ivy ("Hedera helix") is a vine. It is evergreen - it does not lose its leaves in winter. Originally, the plant grew on the Macaronesian islands, but it spread through the Mediterranean and Europe to Asia. All parts of the plant are poisonous. It is often used as a decorative plant in gardens. Ivy is very important for ecology: its nectar and seeds are available when few other plants are. Sometimes ivy is considered to be an invasive species, esp. in North America.


Macaronesia

The Macaronesian islands, or simply Macaronesia is a modern name for several groups of islands of volcanic origin in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Europe and Africa. They belong to three countries: Portugal, Spain, and Cape Verde.

Macaronesia ( 'blessed', 'happy' and 'island'; 'blessed/fortunate islands'). This term was used by Ancient Greek geographers for islands to the west of the Strait of Gibraltar.

The modern use of the term Macaronesia goes to the botanist Philip Barker Webb in the 1830s for botanical descriptions. The name is occasionally misspelled "Macronesia" in analogy with Micronesia.

The following groups of islands (archipelagos) are commonly counted as being part of the Macaronesia - from north to south:

Spanish is spoken in the Canary Islands and Portuguese in the rest of the islands. Cape Verde was a colony of Portugal but it is independent since 1975.

The islands of Macaronesia are volcanic in origin, and are thought to be the product of several geologic hotspots.

The climate of the Macaronesian islands goes from Mediterranean in the Azores and Madeira to arid in Cape Verde. The Portuguese archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira have a generally cooler climate and higher rainfall than the Canary Islands and Cape Verde.

Even if the distances between the different groups of islands are large, the plants and animals are similar and there are many endemic plants that are found only in these islands.

The islands have a unique biogeography, and are home to several distinct plant and animal communities. The laurel forests, known as "laurisilva", of Macaronesia are a type of mountain cloud forest with species of a vegetation type which originally covered much of the Mediterranean Basin when the climate of the region was more humid and evolved to adapt to island conditions. These forests once covered most of the Azores, Madeira, and parts of the Canary Islands ("Canaries") between 400–1200 m altitude (the eastern Canaries and Cape Verde being too dry).

Cutting the trees for timber and wood, clearing vegetation for grazing and agriculture, and the introduction of plants and animals by humans has displaced much of the native vegetation. The laurisilva has been reduced to small pockets. As a result, many of the endemic biota of the islands are seriously endangered or extinct.


Dhamrai Jagannath Roth

Dhamrai Jagannath Roth is a temple that is actually a chariot, that is located in the city of Dhamrai in Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the Hindu God Jagannath. The chariot is carved from wood, with many decorative carvings and paintings, and has six levels with statues inside. It is taken out in a grand procession once a year for a festival called the Roth Jatra (or the Rathyatra or Rathajatra). The Roth Jatra in Dhamrai is one of the most important events for the Hindu community of Bangladesh.

Killer Instinct

Killer Instinct is a fighting game published by Nintendo. The game premiered on arcade in November 1994 and onto SNES the following year. "Killer Instinct" is strongly similar to "Street Fighter", except that the characters for this game are different with far more sophistication.

Doc Severinsen

Carl Hilding "Doc" Severinsen (born July 7, 1927) is an American pop and jazz trumpeter. He is best known for leading the NBC Orchestra on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He has won a Grammy Award.

Severinsen was born on July 7, 1927 in Arlington, Oregon. He was married to Evonne Nyman from 1964 until they divorced in 1976. He married Emily Marshall in 1980. He has five children.


Warraich

The Warraich or Warraich are found in Pakistan and India. They mostly live in Pakistani Punjab and also in Indian Punjab. They belong to Sikh religion and people left in Pakistan converted to Muslim. Apparently, the roots are from shrubs of Chenab River in Gujrat now district Gujrat , Pakistan. In the beginning 20th century the spread all over the Punjab including Pakistan and India after land allocation due to modern Punjab irrigation system introduced by British India government.mahraja ranjit singh belong warraich clan

The majority of Warraich are muslim. The Warraich from the Pakistani side of Punjab are mostly Muslim, while those from the Indian states of Haryana and Punjab are predominantly Sikh.

In Pakistan, the Warraich are mostly found in the districts of Gujrat and Gujranwala. They also live in Lahore, Multan, Bahawalpur, Dunyapur Tehsil of Lodhran, Faisalabad , Chichawatni and Sargodha.
In India, Warraich are mostly found in Haryana, Patiala and the Amritsar District. 

Lena Horne

Lena Mary Calhoun Horne (June 30, 1917 – May 9, 2010) was an American singer, actress, civil rights activist and dancer. 
Horne was born on June 30, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York City. She was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and in New York City. When she was three years old, her father, Edwin “Teddy” Horne, and her mother, Edna, divorced. She lived with her grandmother, Cora Calhoun, and her grandfather, Edwin Horne. Her mother was an actor and singer, but she was not very successful. She took Lena to the South, where they moved often. When she returned to Brooklyn, she continued to move often. After her career started, Horne married Louis Jones. They divorced later. They had two children, Gail and Edwin “Teddy”. Then, she was married to Leonard George “Lennie” Hayton, a white musician. Because marriage between two races was against the law in California, they were married in Paris, France. In 1970, Horne’s son and father died. The year after, Horne’s husband died of a heart attack.

Even though her parents did not want her to be a singer, she still spent a lot of time doing it. Her family thought that she was able to do better things. Later, she decided to leave high-school to spend her time singing. Horne cared a lot about helping people without equality. Horne was a singer, actress, and dancer. She mostly sang a type of music called the blues and had a strong voice. Horne began her career in the arts by dancing and singing at the Cotton Club when she was 16. When she was 25, Horne became the first black singer with a long term singing contract. A few years later she was very popular in clubs. In the 1940s and 1950s she was in many movies and musicals, such as "Stormy Weather", "The Wiz", "Ziegfeld Follies", "Till the Clouds Roll By", "Death of a Gunfighter", and in "The Duke is Tops". At age 46, Horne wrote a book about herself called “Lena.” She won the Spingarn Medal, the Tony Award, and the Drama Desk Award. Horne won these awards at ages 64 and 66. Horne died on May 9, 2010 in New York City, New York from heart failure, aged 92. 


Francis Preston Blair

Francis Preston Blair, Sr. (April 12, 1791 – October 18, 1876) or Preston Blair was an American journalist and politician, before and during the American Civil War. Blair wanted to reunite the North and the South during the war. Blair helped to create the Republican Party. He supported many Democrats, but was mostly the ally of Republican President Abraham Lincoln. He is nicknamed The Father of the Republican Party since he was one of the men who started the Republican Party.

Blair was born at Abingdon, Virginia on April 12, 1791. He moved to Kentucky and later graduated from Transylvania University in 1811. Blair became a journalist in Frankfort, Kentucky and Washington D.C., and a prominent leader of the Democrats. He was married to Eliza Violet Gist from 1812 until his death in 1876. They had five children. He founded Silver Spring, the second largest city in Maryland, in 1840.

Blair helped create the Republican Party and supported the first nominee of the party, Abraham Lincoln. Although he had slaves, Blair was said that after the Mexican War that slavery should not be extended beyond where it was allowed. In 1848 he actively supported Martin Van Buren, the Free Soil Party candidate for the presidency. Later, he supported Franklin Pierce, but then went on to help organize the new Republican Party in supporting Anti-Slavery reforms at a convention at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in February 1856.

Blair wanted John C. Frémont for president and supported him at the June 1856 convention. At the 1860 convention he supported the nomination of Edward Bates as president. When it was clear that Bates would not be nominated, Blair then supported the nomination of Abraham Lincoln. Blair helped many democratic politicians to vote yes on making slavery illegal and becoming the 13th Amendment.

Blair asked President Lincoln that once Savannah, Georgia fell, he should travel to the capital of the Confederacy in Richmond, Virginia to talk to President Jefferson Davis, whom he knew. He organized a peace conference that failed.

In 1862, Blair had told his slaves that they could "go when they wished." He said that "all but one declined the privilege," choosing to stay on as servants.

Blair died on October 18, 1876 in Silver Spring, Maryland from natural causes, aged 85. He was later buried at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C. His wife, Eliza, died on July 5, 1877, a year after his death.

In Steven Spielberg's 2012 biography movie "Lincoln", Blair was played by actor Hal Holbrook.

A town is named after him in Georgia, Blairville, Georgia.

His great-great grandson is American actor Montgomery Clift.


Araliaceae

The Araliaceae are a family of flowering plants, also known as the Aralia family (after its type genus "Aralia") or ivy family. The family includes 254 species of trees, shrubs, lianas and perennial herbaceous plants in two subfamilies. Species usually bear pinnately or palmately compound leaves, and usually have small flowers produced in large panicles.

Hindkowan

Hindkowans is a general term used to identify speakers of the Hindko dialect of Punjabi in Pakistan. In fact this is not an ethnic grouping or category properly speaking, and comprises diverse elements in the Punjab, and small amount in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and in Mianwali District and Dera Ghazi Khan areas of Punjab (Pakistan). 

However, over time, this linguistic category or grouping has come to be linked to various indigenous regional demands and aspirations and is now thought to be an ethnic group in itself.

Patricia Neal

Patricia Neal (January 20, 1926 – August 8, 2010) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Breakfast at Tiffany's", "The Day the Earth Stood Still", "Hud", "A Face in the Crowd", and in "The Fountainhead". She has won an Academy Award in 1963, two BAFTA Awards in 1963 and in 1965, a Golden Globe Award 1971, and a Tony Award in 1947.

Neal was born on January 20, 1926 in Packard, Kentucky. She was raised in Knoxville, Tennessee. She studied at Knoxville High School and at Northwestern University. Neal was married to Roald Dahl from 1953 until they divorced in 1983. They had five children. She was partners with Gary Cooper before she meet Dahl. Neal died on August 8, 2010 in Edgartown, Massachusetts from lung cancer, aged 84.


Thaddeus Stevens

Thaddeus Stevens (born April 4, 1792) was an American Republican leader. He was one of the most powerful members of the United States House of Representatives from 1849 until his death in 1868.

He was chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee. Stevens was a witty, sarcastic speaker and confident party leader. He dominated the House from 1861 until his death. Stevens helped create the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution. He also helped with the act that helped the Reconstruction of the United States.

Stevens was born in Danville, Vermont on April 4, 1792. He went to Dartmouth College and the University of Vermont. Stevens was never married and had no children. He was in a relationship with his black housekeeper even when slavery was legal. He wore a wig because he was bald.

He wrote much of the financial legislation that paid for the American Civil War. Stevens and Senator Charles Sumner were the prime leaders of the Radical Republicans during the war and Reconstruction era. He worked and supported Abraham Lincoln's plan to end slavery and the U.S. reconstruction plan. He was part of Andrew Johnson's impeachment.

Stevens died on August 11, 1868 in Washington, D.C. from a stomach infection, aged 76. He was buried in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.

Stevens never married. However, there were rumors about his 20-year relationship (1848–1868) with his widowed housekeeper, Lydia Hamilton Smith (1813–1884). She was a light-skinned African-American; her husband Jacob and at least one of her sons were much darker than she was.

He was played by actor Tommy Lee Jones in Steven Spielberg's 2012 biography movie "Lincoln".


Lincoln (movie)

Lincoln is a 2012 biographical war drama movie that is based on events during the life of the 16th president of the United States, Abraham Lincoln. The movie was made by Disney's Touchstone label, DreamWorks, and 20th Century Fox. The movie is based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's book .

"Lincoln" tells about President Abraham Lincoln during January 1865, in his efforts to pass the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in the United States House of Representatives, which would finally ban slavery in the country. Expecting the Civil War to end within a month but concerned that his 1863 Emancipation Proclamation may be rejected by the courts once the war has stopped and the 13th Amendment defeated by the returning slave states. President Lincoln seeks help from his cabinet including the founder of the Republican Party Francis Preston Blair who can help congress vote yes on stopping slavery. As he talks about the Democrats saying no, Lincoln talks to Secretary of State William H. Seward about the problem of Democrats. As Thaddeus Stevens convinces the congress to vote yes on abolishing slavery, Union Army General Ulysses S. Grant received a surrender from Confederate General Robert E. Lee. Later on April 14, 1865, Lincoln has a final meeting with his cabinet and prepares to go to a play with his wife Mary Todd Lincoln. The movie ends when Lincoln's son receives the news that his father died after being shot at Ford's Theater. As the movie ends it shows flashbacks of Lincoln's second inaugural address.


As of November 22, 2012, the movie has made $32,291,000 from 1,775 theaters. The movie opened at 11 theaters with $944,308 and an average of $85,846 per theater. It opened at the #15 rank, becoming the highest opening of a movie with such a limited release.

The movie was nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards including: Best Musical Score for John Williams, Best Supporting Actor Tommy Lee Jones, Best Supporting Actress for Sally Field, Best Screenplay for Tony Kushner, Best Director Steven Spielberg, and Best Movie. The movie only won one Golden Globe, given to Daniel Day-Lewis for Best Leading Actor.

The movie was nominated for four Screen Actors Guild Awards including: Best Crew in a Motion Picture, Best Female Actor in a Supporting Role for Sally Field. It won two for Best Supporting Actor for Tommy Lee Jones and Best Male Actor in a Leading Role for Daniel Day-Lewis.

The movie was nominated for 12 Academy Awards some of them includes: Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Cinematography, Best Sound Mixing, Best Costume Design, Best Film Editing, Best Original Score. Lincoln won the Academy Award for Best Production Design to Rick Carter and Jim Ericson.

"Lincoln" was released on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download on March 26, 2013 from Touchstone Home Entertainment. The release was produced in two different physical packages: a 2-disc combo pack (Blu-ray and DVD); and a 1-disc DVD.


Benjamin Wade

Benjamin Franklin "Bluff" Wade (October 27, 1800 – March 2, 1878) was a U.S. lawyer and United States Senator. In the Senate, he was associated with the Radical Republicans of that time. Wade was only one vote away from becoming the President of the United States due to the impeachment of Andrew Johnson.

Wade was born on October 27, 1800 in Springfield, Massachusetts. He was raised in Jefferson, Ohio. Wade was married to Caroline M. Rosekrans from 1841 until his death in 1878. They had two children. Wade died on March 2, 1878 in Jefferson, Ohio from natural causes, aged 77.


Japanese New Year

New Year in Japan is one of the most important festivals. Unlike the Chinese New Year, it is held on January 1. 

Yoshirō Mori

In 2014, he was appointed to be in charge of the organizing committee for the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics. He resigned in February 2021 after he made some sexist comments at a committee meeting.

Harry Tjutjuna

Harry Tjutjuna is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. He belongs to the Pitjantjatjara people. Tjutjuna began painting in 2005. He held his first solo exhibition in 2007, in Darwin. His work is now held in several major public galleries in Australia, including the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the National Gallery of Victoria, and the National Gallery of Australia. His painting ' (Bilby Dreaming Story) was a finalist for the Togard Contemporary Art Award in 2009. In 2010 and 2011, another of Tjutjuna's paintings, ', was chosen as a finalist in both the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards, and the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA).

Tjutjuna was born around 1930. He was born in the bushland close to what is now the community of Pipalyatjara in the north-west corner of South Australia. Sources disagree on where exactly he was born. Some say he was born at Walytjatjara, a place to the north-east of Pipalyatjara, just over the border in the Northern Territory. Others say that he was born at Mount Davies, a hill that overlooks Pipalyatjara.

When Tjutjuna was still young, his family settled at Ernabella. He went to school on the mission there and later worked as a labourer for the community. He later moved back west to live in the communities of Irrunytju and Pipalyatjara after they were established. He moved there with his wives and children to be closer to his homeland. In his later life, Tjutjuna became known as an important traditional healer (') and law man (') for the Pitjantjatjara.

Tjutjuna began painting in late 2005, when he was aged in his mid-seventies. He was living again at Ernabella, and began to paint for the community's art company Ernabella Arts. His work at Ernabella depicted "Tjukurpa" (traditional law or stories from the Dreamtime). It supported a shift in subject matter for the centre's artists, from quite secular to more spiritual subjects. In 2008, Tjutjuna moved back to Pipalyatjara and began work for Ninuku Arts.

Tjutjuna paints concepts and stories from his Dreaming (spirituality). His main personal totem is a spider ('), and his Dreaming revolves around the (Spider Man Dreaming). According to his Dreaming, which was passed on to him from previous generations, Tjutjuna's ancestor is a powerful being known as the Spider Man. This creature is said to have created Tjutjuna's country in the Dreamtime, and so Tjutjuna associates his country, his heritage and himself with this set of beliefs. In this way, the paintings are autobiographical in addition to depicting traditional stories. Tjutjuna identifies himself as the Spider Man, and his paintings are often seen to symbolise his work as a ' (healer). Because his totem is a spider, he uses spider webs to treat wounds on people's skin.

Tjutjuna also paints figures from several other Dreaming stories associated with his country, such as the Wati Maḻu (Red Kangaroo Man) and the Kungka Mingkiri (Mice Women). Many of the paintings have sexual themes. One of Tjutjuna's most famous paintings, "", is a composition of two Dreaming stories. It depicts the story of the Kungkarungkara (Seven Sisters), which is about the constellations of Pleiades (the sisters) and Orion. Tjutjuna painted it from the male's perspective. , a shape-shifting man, chases the seven sisters and catches the youngest, raping her. The other story depicted is from the Spider Man Dreaming. The painting was chosen as a finalist for the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards in 2010, and the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2011.

Tjutjuna paints in the typical style of the Western Desert, which can be seen as very abstract. The figures in his paintings, ancestral beings, are obscured and encoded for cultural reasons. He uses fields of dots to represent their interactions, and lines to represent their journeys across the landscape. The landscape is depicted with the earthly colours of the desert (reds, oranges, ochres and white). In his works depicting , he often paints circular patterns across the background. This motif is used to represent both a spider's web and the spider man's many women. Tjutjuna is also known for drip paintings.


2012 Asia Cup

The 2012 Asia Cup was the 11th edition of the Asia Cup tournament. It was held in Bangladesh. Pakistan became the champion of this tournament as the host's Bangladesh became runner-up. It was the second time when Pakistan became champion of Asia Cup. On the other hand, in their history of Asia Cup Bangladesh qualified for the final first time.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 16

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 16 is the sixteenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model" and the tenth season to be aired on The CW network. It premiered on February 23, 2011. The international destination for this cycle is Marrakech, Morocco. The winner was 19-year-old Brittani Kline from Beech Creek, Pennsylvania.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

Episode 1

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12


Kingdom of God

The Kingdom of God, or Kingdom of Heaven is an important religious idea. It is found in Judaism, Christianity and Islam
God has a 'Kingdom' of His own. The Parables of Jesus talk about the Kingdom. Life here is seen as a test for us and if we follow the orders of God and do good deeds then we shall be rewarded in an Afterlife, where 'good' people alone will enter the heaven with all its joys.

Those who do evil will not get to heaven.


Adinath Temple, Maheshkhali

Adinath Temple is a temple dedicated to the Hindu God Adi Nath - another name for Shiva. It is on the summit of a hill, on Maheshkhali Island, off the coast of Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. The temple is famous for the fair held once a year at the foot of the hill. The fair lasts thirteen days and draws thousands of Hindus from across Bangladesh.

Chandranath Temple

Chandranath Temple is in southeastern Bangladesh, on top of a hill named Chandranath Hill. The temple is a sacred place to which people make pilgrimages.

Alec McCowen

Alexander Duncan "Alec" McCowen CBE (May 26, 1925 – February 6, 2017) was an English movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who was known for his roles in "Frenzy", "Gangs of New York", "Never Say Never Again", "The Age of Innocence", and in "Travels with My Aunt".

McCowen was born on May 26, 1925 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent. He was raised in London, England. McCowen studied at Skinner's School and at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. He was gay. His partner, Geoffrey Burridge died from AIDS in 1987.

McCowen died at his home in London, England on February 6, 2017, aged 91.


Bill Tarmey

Bill Tarmey (born William Piddington GBE; 4 April 1941 – 9 November 2012) was an English actor, singer, author, and comedian, he was best known for playing the role of Jack Duckworth in the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", first playing the role in 1979, he played the role regularly from 1983 to 2010.

Tarmey was born on 4 April 1941 in Ardwick, Manchester, England. He was married to Alma Tarmey from 1962 until his death in 2012. They had a son and daughter. Tarmey died on the morning of 9 November 2012 in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain from a heart attack, aged 71.

Stanley Tucci

Stanley Oliver Tucci (born November 11, 1960) is an American actor who is known for his roles in "The Devil Wears Prada", "Winchell" and "The Lovely Bones". He has won two Golden Globe Awards and two Emmy Awards.

Tucci was born on November 11, 1960 in Peekskill, New York. He was raised in Katonah, New York. He studied at John Jay High School and at SUNY Purchase. Tucci was married to Kathryn Spath from 1995 until her death in 2009. Then he was married to Felicity Blunt since 2012. He has three children with Spath. He currently lives in London.


Mia Wasikowska

Mia Wasikowska (born 14 October 1989) is an Australian movie, television, and voice actress who is mostly known for her role as Alice in Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland". She is also known for her television role as Sophie in "In Treatment".
Wasikowska was born and raised in Canberra, Australia. She has an older sister named Jess, and a younger brother named Kai. Her mother, Marzena Wasikowska, is a photographer from Poland while her father, John Reid, is an Australian painter-and-collagist. As a child, she frequently accompanied her parents on their gallery rounds in Europe, and in her spare time, she continues to enjoy photography. She studied ballet as a child and turned to acting when she was 15. 
After some television and movie works in Australia, Wasikowska moved to Los Angeles to be in the cable drama "In Treatment". Her portrayal of a suicidal teen earned critical praise and led to more work in American movies, including "Defiance" and "Amelia". In Tim Burton's Alice, Wasikowska co-starred with Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter and carried a blockbuster movie, appearing in almost every scene. She won an AFI International Award, a Teen Choice Award and nominated an Empire Award for her performance. In 2009, it was announced that Wasikowska was cast in the Lisa Cholodenko-directed indie comedy film "The Kids Are All Right" alongside Annette Bening, Julianne Moore, Josh Hutcherson and Mark Ruffalo. Film received positive reviews from critics, and Wasikowska received Hollywood Film Festival Breakthrough Actress Award for her role. From March to May 2010, Wasikowska filmed Cary Fukunaga's adaptation of Jane Eyre, in which she starred as the title character opposite Michael Fassbender as Mr. Rochester. In 2011, Wasikowska shot the small supporting role of Shia LaBeouf's character's love interest in John Hillcoat's "Lawless". Then she filmed the lead in Park Chan-wook's English-language debut movie, "Stoker", alongside Nicole Kidman and Matthew Goode. In 2014, she starred in David Cronenberg movie titled "Maps to the Stars" with Julianne Moore, John Cusack, Robert Pattinson, Olivia Williams, and Sarah Gadon which premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

In November 2013, it was announced that Wasikowska was cast in "Alice Through the Looking Glass", the 2016 sequel to "Alice in Wonderland".

Wasikowska lives in Bronte, New South Wales. In 2013, she began dating her "The Double" co-star Jesse Eisenberg. The two split in 2015.


Alfred Hermann Fried

Alfred Hermann Fried (November 11, 1864 – May 5, 1921) was an Austrian Jewish pacifist, publicist, journalist, co-founder of the German peace movement, and winner (with Tobias Asser) of the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1911.

Fried was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary on November 11, 1864. Fried left school at the age of 15 and started to work in a bookshop. In 1883 he moved to Berlin, where he opened a bookshop of his own in 1887.

In 1892 he was a co-founder of the German Peace Society (). He was one of the fathers of the idea of a modern organisation to assure worldwide peace (the principal idea was fulfilled in the League of Nations and after the Second World War in the United Nations).

Fried was a prominent member of the Esperanto-movement. In 1903 he published the book "" ("Textbook of the International Language of Esperanto"). In 1911 he received the Nobel Peace Prize together with Tobias Asser. During the First World War he lived in Switzerland. Fried died in Vienna on May 5, 1921, aged 56.


Christian Lous Lange

Christian Lous Lange (September 17, 1869 – December 11, 1938) was a Norwegian historian, teacher, and political scientist. He was one of the world's foremost exponents of the theory and practice of internationalism.

Lange was born in Stavanger, Norway on September 17, 1869. His father was a military engineer. He graduated from secondary school in 1887 and later went to travel and study history, English, and French at the University of Oslo in Oslo, Norway. He received the cand. philol. degree in 1893. He taught at secondary schools for many years and eventually returned to the University of Oslo to receive a doctorate.

His support of internationalism was demonstrated by the first of a three volume historical treatise (Histoire de l'internationalisme). The work, published in 1919, was said to contribute to the ideological preparation for the League of Nations. For this and all his other activities, Lange shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Hjalmar Branting in 1921.

Lange died on December 11, 1938 in Oslo, Norway from an illness, aged 69.

Tobias Asser

Tobias Michael Carel Asser (April 28, 1838 – July 29, 1913) was a Dutch lawyer and legal scholar of Jewish background. In 1911, he was cowinner (with Alfred Hermann Fried) of the Nobel Peace Prize for his role in the formation of the Permanent Court of Arbitration at the first Hague peace conference (1899).

He was the son of Carel Daniel Asser (1813-85), and grandson of Carel Asser (1780-1836). He studied law at the University of Amsterdam and Leiden University and was law professor at the University of Amsterdam. Asser died on July 29, 1913 in The Hague, Netherlands, aged 75.


Hjalmar Branting

Karl Hjalmar Branting (23 November 1860 – 24 February 1925) was a Swedish politician. He was the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party (1907–1925), and Prime Minister during three separate periods (1920, 1921–1923, and 1924–1925). When Branting came to power in 1920, he was the first Social Democratic Prime Minister of Sweden. When he took office for a second term after the general election of 1921, he became the first socialist politician in Europe to do so following elections with universal suffrage. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1921 with Christian Lous Lange.

He was also minister of Finance and Foreign Affairs.

Branting was born on November 23, 1860 in Stockholm, Sweden. He studied at the University of Uppsala. He was married to Anna Branting. Branting died on February 24, 1925 in Stockholm, Sweden from unknown causes, aged 64.


Binocular vision

Binocular vision is vision in which both eyes are used together. It can mean having two eyes instead of one, but more often it means having a visual field which is put together by the brain with input from both eyes. This is the standard equipment for vertebrates and many other types of animals.

Humans have a maximum horizontal field of view of about 200 degrees with two eyes. About 120 degrees make up the binocular field of view (seen by both eyes), and two side fields of about 40 degrees seen by only one eye.

Our system of vision uses parallax to give precise depth information, called stereopsis. Such binocular vision is usually accompanied by singleness of vision or "binocular fusion", in which a single image is seen even though each eye has its own image of an object. 

Stereopsis is the impression of depth we get when we look at a scene with both eyes. Binocular viewing of a scene creates two slightly different images of the scene in the two eyes due to the eyes' different positions on the head. These differences give information that the brain uses to calculate depth in the visual scene. The term 'stereopsis' is often used as short hand for 'binocular vision', 'binocular depth perception' or 'stereoscopic depth perception', though strictly speaking, the impression of depth associated with stereopsis can also be got under other conditions, such as when an observer views a scene with only one eye while moving. Observer motion creates differences in the single retinal image over time similar to binocular disparity; this is referred to as "motion parallax". 

Some animals, usually but not always prey animals, have their two eyes positioned on opposite sides of their heads to give the widest possible field of view. Examples include rabbits, buffaloes, and antelopes. In such animals, the eyes often move independently to increase the field of view. Even without moving their eyes, some birds have a 360-degree field of view.

Other animals, usually but not always predatory animals, have their two eyes positioned on the front of their heads, thereby allowing for binocular vision and reducing their field of view in favor of stereopsis. Examples include humans, eagles, wolves, and snakes.

Some predator animals, particularly large ones such as sperm whales and killer whales, have their two eyes positioned on opposite sides of their heads. Other animals that are not necessarily predators, such as fruit bats and a number of primates also have forward facing eyes. These are usually animals that need fine depth discrimination/perception; for instance, binocular vision improves the ability to pick a chosen fruit or to find and grasp a particular branch.

In animals with forward-facing eyes, the eyes usually move together. Some animals use both strategies. A starling, for example, has laterally placed eyes to cover a wide field of view, but can also move them together to point to the front so their fields overlap giving stereopsis. A remarkable example is the chameleon, whose eyes appear to be mounted on turrets, each moving independently of the other, up or down, left or right. Nevertheless, the chameleon can bring both of its eyes to bear on a single object when it is hunting.

Fredrik Bajer

Fredrik Bajer (April 21, 1837 – January 22, 1922) was a Danish writer, teacher, and pacifist politician. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1908.
Bajer was born on April 21, 1837 in Vester Egede, Denmark. He fought in the 1864 war against Prussia and Austria where he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant. He was discharged in 1865, and moved to Copenhagen where he became a teacher, translator and writer.
He entered the Danish Parliament in 1872 as a member of Folketinget and held a seat there for the following 23 years. As a member of parliament, he worked for the use of international arbitration to solve conflicts among nations, and it is due to Bajer's efforts that foreign relations became part of the work of the Danish Parliament and that Denmark participated in the Inter-Parliamentary Union from the beginning and earned a distinguished position among its members.
He supported many peace organizations, both inside Denmark and Europe-wide. He helped guide the passage of a bill to reach arbitration agreements with Sweden and Norway.

Bajer died on January 22, 1922 in Copenhagen, Denmark from unknown causes, aged 84.


Charles Albert Gobat

Charles Albert Gobat (May 21, 1843 – March 16, 1914) was a Swiss lawyer, educational administrator, and politician. He jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize with Élie Ducommun in 1902 for their leadership of the Permanent International Peace Bureau.

Gobat was born on May 21, 1843 at Tramelan, Switzerland. He was the son of a Protestant pastor. He was the nephew of Samuel Gobat, a missionary who became bishop of Jerusalem. He was educated at the University of Basel, University of Heidelberg, University of Bern, and University of Paris. He received his doctorate in law, "summa cum laude", from the University of Heidelberg in 1867.

In 1902, Gobat jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1902 with Élie Ducommun for their leadership of the Permanent International Peace Bureau.
After the death of Élie Ducommun in 1906, Gobat took over the direction of the International Peace Bureau.

Gobat died on March 16, 1914 in Bern, Switzerland from unknown causes, aged 70. He died while attending a meeting of the peace conference at Bern. He stood as if to speak but collapsed, dying about an hour later.


Herzl Museum

The Herzl Museum is a biographical museum in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is dedicated to Theodor Herzl, the founder of the Zionism movement. It is located at the entrance plaza of the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel.


Élie Ducommun

Élie Ducommun (19 February 1833 – 7 December 1906) was a Swiss peace activist. He won the 1902 Nobel Peace Prize, which he shared with Charles Albert Gobat.
Ducommun was born in Geneva Switzerland on December 19, 1833. Ducommun worked as a tutor, language teacher, journalist and a translator for the Swiss federal Chancellery (1869–1873).
In 1867, he helped to found the (League for Peace and Liberty), though he continued working at other positions, including secretary for the Jura-Simplon Steel Company from 1873 to 1891. That year, he was appointed director of the newly formed (International Peace Office), the first non-governmental international peace organization, based in Bern. He refused to accept a salary for the position, stating that he wished to serve in this capacity solely for reasons of idealism.
His keen organizational skills ensured the group's success. He was awarded in the Nobel Peace Prize in 1902 with Charles Albert Gobart. He served as director of the organization until his death.

Ducommun died from respiratory and heart failure on December 7, 1906 in Bern, Switzerland at the age of 73.

Garden of the Missing in Action

The Garden of the Missing in Action (, "") is a memorial garden in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is in the National Military and Police cemetery of Israel. The garden is dedicated to the missing in action whose bodies were never found from 1914 to today. There is also a temporary monument for the unknown soldiers. It is planned to move this to the National Memorial Hall. The memorial includes names of Jewish and non-Jewish soldiers and officers who have served in the Israeli Army and Israeli Police. The garden was built in 1954 a short time after an ancient Jewish cave was discovered nearby. It became the "Garden of the Missing" in 2004. The garden includes "empty graves" with a memorial board with all the names of the missing in action next to a memorial plaza.

The Operation Boatswain Memorial is next to the garden.


Leif Garrett

Leif Garrett (born Leif Per Nervik; November 8, 1961) is an American singer, actor and television personality. He became famous in the late 1970s as a teen idol, but received much publicity in later life for his drug abuse and legal troubles.

Garrett was born on November 8, 1961 in Hollywood, California.


Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel

The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel (Hebrew: אנדרטת חללי פעולות האיבה, Andartat Halalei Pe'ulot HaEiva) is a memorial to all victims of terrorism in Israel from 1851 onward. The memorial is located at the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The memorial includes the names of Jewish and non-Jewish people who have been killed in acts of terror. 


Dalton's law

In chemistry and physics, Dalton's law states that the total pressure of a gas mixture is equal to the sum of the pressure that each gas would exert (give out) independently. This law was observed by John Dalton in 1801.

Eretz Israel Museum

The Eretz Israel Museum is an archeological, historical and anthropological museum in Tel Aviv. It is dedicated to history of Jewish life in the Land of Israel before 1948. The museum has some pavilions and a large archaeological park. 


Marina Diamandis

Marina Lambrini Diamandis (born 10 October 1985), better known by her stage name Marina, is a Welsh singer-songwriter. She rose to fame after placing second in the BBC Sound of 2010 poll behind Ellie Goulding in the United Kingdom.

Her debut album "The Family Jewels" was released in 2010, which contained five singles. The album reached number five upon release in the UK. Lead single "Mowgli's Road" was re-released in November 2009 whilst Marina was working on the album. Second single "Hollywood" peaked at number 12 in the UK Singles Chart. Third and fourth singles "I Am Not A Robot" and "Oh No!" became other top forty hits. Fifth and final single "Shampain" was released in October 2010.

Marina released the single "Radioactive" in October 2011 as a lead single for her second album "Electra Heart", and it became her fourth top forty single. "Primadonna" was used as the lead single instead in April 2012 and achieved worldwide success. Marina released "Electra Heart" in the UK a week after the release of the song. It debuted at number one in the UK whilst "Primadonna" reached number eleven. "Power & Control" was released only in the UK as a second single.

Marina's third studio album, 'FROOT' was released 13 March 2015 following the leak of the whole album in February of that year. Many critics named this the best album ever released in terms of lyrics, production and general aesthetic.

On 16 July 2014, Marina published the bridge of the absolute tune, 'I'm Not Hungry Anymore', on Instagram, which many hoped would appear in FROOT repackage. Unfortunately not. However, in 2017 the whole song was leaked and revealed to be an absolute bop.

In 2016, Marina joined Clean Bandit at Coachella, performing 'Disconnect' which would be released as a single in 2017, after some (limited) request from the fanbase. 

Mid-2018 Marina began teasing her upcoming album, posting a cute note on twitter and Instagram saying new album will come in Autumn. To mixed reception, she announced a collaboration called 'Someone Else's Baby' with Clean Bandit, who you may recall she performed with in 2016 and her boyfriend, Jack Patterson, is in it. She also teased some lyrics to what would soon become 'Orange Trees', released in 2019. 
To mark a new stage in her career, Diamandis announced via Twitter in 2018 that she would be dropping her "and the Diamonds" moniker to release music as simply "Marina", explaining that "It took me well over a year to figure out that a lot of my identity was tied up in who I was as an artist and there wasn't much left ..

In February 2019, Marina announced her fourth and most recent studio album and tour, 'Love + Fear', to be released on 26th April 2019, an album of two 8 song discs. However, to much surprise she released the 'Love' half, on 4th April 2019, at 4pm on a Thursday! (UK time). 'Fear' was released as planned on 26th April. 'Love + Fear' reached number 1 in 6 countries on release day, including Russia and Greece. It reached number 3 in the UK on the ITunes album chart.

Marina is classed as a New Wave artist by critics. She is mostly known for her pop, electronic and more alternative music.

Diamandis was born in Abergavenny, Wales. Her mother is Welsh and her father is Greek. Her parents separated when Marina was sixteen and she moved to Greece to live with her father but returned to Wales two years later.

Marina first used MySpace to release music and she released two EPs before releasing her debut album. She was signed to Neon Records in 2008.

Marina says her old stage name "Marina and the Diamonds" represents her fans and her surname rather than her backing band.

Albums

EPs

Singles

Roy E. Disney

Roy Edward Disney (January 10, 1930 – December 16, 2009) was an American animator and executive for The Walt Disney Company. He is the nephew of Walt Disney. Disney is the last member of the Disney family. He and Michael Eisner are one of the most well known people in the Disney industry. Disney had about 1.2 million dollars.

Disney was born on January 10, 1930 in Los Angeles, California to Roy O. Disney and to Edna Francis. He was raised in Los Angeles, California and in Chicago, Illinois.

He studied at the Buckley School and at Pomona College. He was married to Patricia Ann Dailey from 1955 until they divorced in 2007. Then he was married to Leslie DeMeuse from 2008 until his death in 2009. He had three children with Dailey.

Disney died on the morning of December 16, 2009 from stomach cancer in Newport Beach, California, aged 79. After his death, his remains were cremated and his ashes were scattered at the Pacific Ocean.


Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research

The Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research (Hebrew: מכון וולקני) is an agricultural research center named after its founder and director Yitzhak Elazari Volcani. The Institute is located in Rishon LeZion, Israel. 


Academy of the Hebrew Language

The Academy of the Hebrew Language (, "HaAkademya laLashon ha'Ivrit") is the main institution of the Hebrew language. The academy was started in 1890 as the "Hebrew Language Committee" in Jerusalem. In 1953 it was replaced by the "Academy of the Hebrew Language" that was established in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem on the Givat Ram campus.

The Family Jewels (album)

The Family Jewels is an album released by Marina and the Diamonds on 15 February 2010. It has received mostly positive reviews scoring 68/100 on Metacritic.

It debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart, selling 27,618 copies in its first week. It also peaked at number 7 in Greece, 9 in Ireland and 20 on the European Top 100 Albums Chart. The album gave Marina three top forty singles in the UK.


Only in UK and Ireland:

Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities

Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities is the supreme institution for sciences and humanities in Israel. Its headquarters are located in Jerusalem.



Electra Heart (album)

Electra Heart is an album released by Marina and the Diamonds on 27 February 2012. It was met with average reviews, scoring 57/100 on Metacritic.

Marina has released a series of seven videos on YouTube surrounding the release of "Electra Heart". Part 2, 4, 6 and 7 are music videos to singles released from the album.

The album entered at number one in the United Kingdom (selling 21,358 copies) and Ireland. It also peaked at number 2 on the US Dance/Electronic Albums chart, whilst reaching the top twenty in three other countries. It also reached number 31 on the US Billboard 200.



Gentianaceae

Gentianaceae are a family of flowering plants of 87 genera and over 1500 species.

Distribution is cosmopolitan. The family consists of trees, shrubs and herbs showing a wide range of colours and floral patterns.

Economically, some species are cultivated ornamental plants and many species yield bitter principles used medicinally and in flavorings.

Many of this group are mycoheterotrophs: their roots need fungi to break down organic material for them to absorb.

Total Drama

Total Drama is an american animated television series in the United States that have below the airdates listed in the table with currently six "Total Drama" seasons in the series.

The show first premiered on TeleToon on July 8, 2007, it was shown on Cartoon Network on June 5, 2008., It became the Biggest franchise of Canada on August 29, 2009, it has been premiering on 100 countries or 188 countries.

The show premiered on Pop on Pop Max( formerly Kix )with some episodes of Total Dramarama, while it's reboot on CBBC is still in the UK.

Fresh TV announced they made a show with some adults while it's owners: Voodoo, Teletoon and Warner Bros. Discovery.

List of Total Drama episodes

This article contains a list of all the episodes to the "Total Drama" series in the American cable television channel, Cartoon Network. 

This series has six seasons: Every season has 27 episodes although a special episode is sometimes added as a transition from two seasons to another. Although the third season only has 26 episodes and the fourth season only has 14 episodes and for the fifth and sixth season only has 13 episodes. 

In the Cartoon Network release, in the beginning of each episode, Chris McLean narrates a voice introduction with a written disclaimer as follows: ""This episode of Total Drama contains scenes of extreme stunts performed by animated teens. Do not try any of what you see here at home. Seriously, you could get really messed up."" and laughs. In the United States, Cartoon Network creates a disclaimer with a TV-PG-D rating before the previous show's recap. 

The episodes in the series are listed and ordered in their original American titles and numbers.

Source for table:

Key:

This is a brief summary displaying all the airdates by month for the entire "Total Drama" series throughout the years.
The series is only designed to have one commercial break on every episode; this is seen by the episode fading in and fading out at the middle of each episode, while Chris (or Geoff in the Aftermath episodes) says a line (like ""We'll be right back!"", for example) right before the screen fades. Originally, Cartoon Network, they have two or sometimes three commercial breaks on each episode, resulting in an edit-out and interrupting the main plot of that episode. One example is when a contestant, or a team, wins a certain challenge, and then all of a sudden, the screen fades and a commercial pops out. Usually, Chris is supposed to warn the viewers that a commercial break is coming, and says so before the fade-in, this scene is only shown on the middle of each episode, which is a perfect place for a commercial break for Cartoon Network.

In almost every episode, there is an elimination. The tables below display all the ranks and eliminations of all the contestants throughout the entire series.
In almost every episode, there is an elimination in the tables below display all the ranks and eliminations of all the contestants throughout the entire series.


Gatka

Gatka is a South Asian martial art most commonly practised in the Punjab region. Though today generally identified with Punjabi Sikhs, it has traditionally been practiced by other ethno-cultural groups in Pakistan such as the Tanolis and Hindkowans.

The word "gatka" properly refers to the wooden sticks which were originally used for sparring in this sport although now a range of other weapons are also employed. 

Gatka can be practiced either as a contact sport ("khel") or ritual/ceremonial demonstration ("rasmi").

Maliar

The Maliars are an ethnic group, or people, mostly inhabiting the Northern districts of Punjab (Pakistan) and the lower plains of the Hazara Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 

The Maliars are by and large an agrarian people and most still work as farm tenants and small peasant farmers. The term or name 'Maliar' itself derived from the Punjabi language word that means 'gardener' and 'cultivator'. 

Almost all the Maliars are Muslims. 

Michael Eisner

Michael Dammann Eisner (born March 7, 1942) is an American executive of The Walt Disney Company from 1984 through 2005.

Eisner was born on March 7, 1942 in Mount Kisco, New York. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Eisner studied at The Lawrenceville School and at Denison University. He has been married to Jane Breckenridge since 1967. They have three children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Rita Ora

Rita Sahatçiu Ora (born 26 November 1990) is an Albanian singer-songwriter and actress based in the United Kingdom. 

In 2004, Ora appeared in the British movie "Spivs". Ora played Mia Grey in the 2015 movie "Fifty Shades of Grey". In 2019, she will appeared in the movie "".

In 2009, she auditioned for "Eurovision: Your Country Needs You" on BBC One to be the British contestant for the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest. She later quit the competition. The same year, Ora made a cameo on Jay-Z's video for "Young Forever" and "Over" by Drake. Ora caught the attention of Jay-Z and he signed her to Roc Nation, for which she was featured in a commercial for Roc Nation + Skullcandy Aviator Headphones.

Her first album "Ora" was released in August 2012 and entered the charts at number one in the UK and number two in Ireland. Four singles have been released which appear on the album. "Hot Right Now" featured Rita Ora's vocals and entered at number one in the UK in March 2012. Rita was the lead artist on "R.I.P" and "How We Do (Party)", which also entered the UK charts at number one. Her single "I Will Never Let You Down" also reached number one in 2014. So far in the UK she became the first artist to appear on four top 10 singles in 2012.

In 2012, Rita Ora was a guest judge on "The X Factor." She returned to the show in 2016 as a permanent judge for that year's season. She has also been one of the four celebrity panellists on the UK version of "Masked Singer". She was also a coach on "The Voice". Ora was also an interval act in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2023. 

Rita Ora was born in 1990 in Pristina, Kosovo to Albanian parents and moved to London in the same year.

In 2012, Ora dated Rob Kardashian. From 2013 to 2014, Ora dated Calvin Harris. The artist is currently married to Taika Waititi.

"As featured artist"
"As main artist"

Comilla Jagannath Temple

Comilla Jagannath Temple is a Hindu temple in Comilla, in southeastern Bangladesh. Its terracotta brick construction is in the typical Bengal style of temple architecture. The temple was originally built in the 16th century by Sree Sreejoktou Moharaja Rada Kishor Manikuo Bahadur, who was the king of Tripura. The statues of the deities of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra were originally installed in a temple in Tripura from where they were subsequently shifted to this temple.


Wingu Tingima

Wingu Tingima (died 8 March 2010) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She was born in Great Victoria Desert, and grew up living a traditional way of life in the bush, without any contact with Western civilisation. A member of the Pitjantjatjara people, she painted spiritual stories from her Dreaming. Along with her friend and colleague Eileen Yaritja Stevens, Wingu became one of the most well-known artists to paint in the style of the Western Desert.

Although she only began painting less than 10 years before her death, Wingu's work is now held in many of Australia's major art collections, including the National Gallery of Australia and the state galleries of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.

Wingu was born in the late 1910s or early 1920s. She was born at Nyumun, a rock hole in the Great Victoria Desert in Western Australia. This is a sacred site for Pitjantjatjara men, and it is associated with the (Eagle Dreaming). She grew up living a semi-nomadic way of life with her family in the country around Kuru Ala, very close to her place of birth. This is a sacred place for the Kungkarungkara (Seven Sisters Dreaming), which Wingu would later feature in many of her most important paintings.

Wingu was involved in traditional desert craft from a young age. Her mother and her aunts taught her how to weave hair-string belts and ' (head rings) from hair, fur, feathers and spinifex. She also learned to spin hair-string on a traditional hand-held spindle, and carve wooden tools such as "wana" (digging sticks), "piti" (bowls), "wira" (digging scoops), and ' (basins for collecting seeds). At ceremonies with other Aṉangu families, she and the other girls would paint each other in ritual designs.

When she was older, Wingu and her parents travelled by foot to settle in the mission at Ernabella, with many other Pitjantjatjara families. Wingu worked there spinning sheep's wool to make rugs and other things for the mission. While living at Ernabella, Wingu became close friends with Eileen Yaritja Stevens; the two of them would later work together closely.

After the community of Irrunytju was established in the 1980s, Wingu moved there with her family to be closer to her home country. Stevens moved to Nyapaṟi with her own family, and Wingu spent most of her life between the two communities. Wingu's son, Winmati Roberts, became married to Eileen's daughter, Yaritji Stevens. As the two elder women's success in the art business increased, they became the main providers of income for their intermingled families. Several of their grandchildren are now also painters.

The community co-operative Irrunytju Arts was opened in 2001, and Wingu was one of its first artists. She achieved success soon after, and she had her first exhibition in Melbourne in 2002. In the same year, she was also featured in the annual "Desert Mob" exhibition in Alice Springs. Her work from this exhibition was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA) in 2003. Even in her earliest work, Wingu's style was unique and stood out strongly against the styles of the other artists at Irrunytju. She used lighter shades of colour with curvier lines, while other artists at the centre were experimenting with bright colours and block shapes.

Wingu began to work in Nyapaṟi from 2006, when the community established Tjungu Palya. Wingu came to support the new centre as a working artist, while still continuing to paint for Irrunytju as well. One of Wingu's earliest works at Tjungu Palya was chosen as a finalist for that year's NATSIAA. Wingu came to work primarily in Nyapaṟi during the next few years.

Most of the time, Wingu would paint alongside her friend Eileen. The two women often shared creative ideas, and travelled to exhibitions together. Eileen died in 2008, and Wingu left Nyapaṟi; as is custom among Western Desert people, the grieving move away from the place where the dead had lived. Wingu moved back to Irrunytju and continued to work there. She continued to achieve success until her death. She died on 8 March 2010, estimated to be aged around 90.

Wingu's painting focused on her spirituality, depicting the Dreaming stories (') associated with her country. Most of her paintings are about the Kungkarungkara (', or Seven Sisters). This "Tjukurpa" is closely associated with the sacred women's place of Kuru Ala, where Wingu grew up. According to the story, the seven sisters stopped at Kuru Ala while they were travelling through the area in the Dreamtime. They were running away from a lustful man who was trying to catch them. He had supernatural powers and could transform himself into many things. There are many different versions of the story, but Kuru Ala is said to be the place where the man tricked the sisters by turning himself into a fruit tree. The story comes from a group of stars; the sisters are the Pleiades, and the man chasing them is Orion.

Although she used traditional images, patterns and icons to paint these stories, Wingu's artwork did not illustrate them explicitly or in a way that is recognisable. The images are always obscured and the meaning hidden. She combined many styles together, including ancient desert imagery that had been passed down to her through sand drawings, rock art and body painting, but by using modern tools and techniques. One critic notes that her style would change depending on where she was painting; her brush-strokes and choice of colour differing between Tjungu Palya and Irrunytju Arts.

Wingu's paintings of the Kungkarungkara story were chosen as finalists in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards in 2003, 2006, and 2008.

In 2009, Wingu's work was shown in New York City as part of the exhibition "I Have a Dream", an international tribute to Martin Luther King, Jr.. Her artwork has been exhibited in many other cities, including Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Alice Springs, Broome, Darwin and Singapore. Her work is held in the Gallery of Western Australia, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory, Art Gallery of New South Wales, the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the Australian National University.

Andrew Ebbett

Andrew Ebbett (born January 2, 1983 in Vernon, British Columbia) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Anaheim Ducks, Chicago Blackhawks, Minnesota Wild, Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, and the Pittsburgh Penguins. He also played for SC Bern of the National League A (NLA) and the EHC Red Bull München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He played college hockey with the University of Michigan for 4 seasons before entering the NHL. He signed a one-year contract worth $525,000 with the Vancouver Canucks on July 1, 2011.

Diane Downs

Elizabeth Diane Frederickson Downs (born August 7, 1955) is an American convicted murderer. She was born Elizabeth Diane Frederickson in Phoenix, Arizona. In Oregon on May 19, 1983, she shot her three children and then shot herself in the arm. On June 17, 1984, she was convicted of murder, attempted murder and assault and sentenced to life imprisonment. Downs has been diagnosed with three cluster B personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. 

The movie Small Sacrifices is about her. 

ICloud

iCloud is a cloud storage and cloud computing service from Apple Inc.. It was launched on October 12, 2011. As of July 2012, the service has more than 150 million users.

Hebrew University of Jerusalem

The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (, ; abbreviated HUJI) is a university in Israel. It is the country's second-oldest university. It was established in 1918, 30 years before the State of Israel.

It was the first university to open in Israel with three campuses. Its campuses are on Mount Scopus, in Givat Ram and Ein Karem.


Greg Jennings

Gregory Jennings, Jr. (born September 21, 1983 in Kalamazoo, Michigan) is a wide receiver. He plays for the Green Bay Packers of the NFL. He played college football at Western Michigan University. He was drafted in the second round of the 2006 NFL Draft.

Jennings played three sports in high school, football, basketball, and track. He played many football positions, including wide receiver, running back, linebacker and defensive back.

Greg Jennings decided to go to Western Michigan University. He finished his career there with 238 receptions for 3539 yards and 39 touchdowns. In his second year, he broke an ankle bone, and had to miss eight games. He graduated from the college in 2010.

Jennings declared for the NFL Draft in 2006. He was chosen by the Packers with the 52nd pick in the 2006 NFL Draft. In his fourth game, Jennings caught Brett Favre's 400th touchdown pass. He was voted Rookie of the Week that week. Jennings finished the season with 45 catches for 632 yards and 3 touchdowns. His next season was better, with twelve touchdowns and 932 yards. After his first thousand yard season in 2009, Jennings got a 26.35 million dollar contract. In 2010 and 2011, Jennings made the Pro Bowl. He also played in the Super Bowl in 2010, where he had two touchdowns in a Packers victory. He had to miss most of the 2011 and 2012 seasons with injuries.

Don Messick

Donald Earl "Don" Messick (September 7, 1926 – October 24, 1997) was an American actor. He was the voice of Scooby-Doo in "Scooby-Doo", Bam Bam Rubble in "The Flintstones", Astro the Dog in "The Jetsons", Muttley the Dog in "Wacky Races", Papa Smurf in "The Smurfs", and as Dr. Quest in "Johnny Quest".

Messick was born on September 7, 1926 in Buffalo, New York. He was married to Helen Marie McHugh from 1949 until his death in 1997. Messick died on October 24, 1997 from a stroke in Salinas, California, aged 71.



Don Hewitt

Donald Shepard "Don" Hewitt (December 14, 1922 – August 19, 2009) was an American television producer. He was known for creating "60 Minutes". He also produced the first televised presidential debate in 1960.

Hewitt was born on December 14, 1922 in New York City, New York. He was raised in New York, New York. He studied at Rochelle High School and New York University.

He was married to Mary Weaver from 1945 until they divorced in 1963. Then he was married to Frankie Hewitt from 1963 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Mariyln Berger from 1979 until his death in 2009. They have three children and one is adopted.

Hewitt died on August 19, 2009 from pancreatic cancer in his home in Bridgehampton, New York, aged 86.


Robert Wuhl

Robert Wuhl (born October 9, 1951) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, comedian, and writer who is known for his roles in "Arliss", "Batman", "Mistress", and in "Police Squad!". He has won an Emmy Award in 1991.

Wuhl was born on October 9, 1951 in Union Township, New Jersey. He studied at Union High School and in the University of Houston. He married Barbara Koldys Capelli in 1983.

Ross Perot

Henry Ross Perot (June 27, 1930 – July 9, 2019) was an American businessman. He founded Electronic Data Systems in 1962. He ran for president in 1992 and in 1996. Both times he lost to Bill Clinton. Perot had about 3.5 billion dollars. In 2012, he was ranked by "Forbes" as the 101st-richest person in the United States.

Perot was born on June 27, 1930 in Texarkana, Texas. He studied at Texas High School, at Texarkana Junior College and at the United States Naval Academy. Perot married Margot Birmingham in 1956. They had five children and 16 grandchildren.

In 2012, Perot endorsed Mitt Romney for President.

Perot died on July 9, 2019 at his home in Dallas from leukemia at the age of 89.


Cover Drive

Cover Drive were a four-piece band from Barbados consisting of Amanda Reifer, T-Ray Armstrong, Barry "Bar-Man" Hill and Jamar Harding.

The band began by performing covers of popular songs and posting them on Youtube. The band was signed by record label Global Talent, part of Polydor Records. They were an opening act for Rihanna on her Loud Tour.

Amanda met T-Ray when she became his babysitter. T-Ray was in the same year at school as Jamar although not in the same school. Amanda met Bar-Man at college because they were in the same year.

They were signed to Polydor Records in April 2011. Their album "Bajan Style" contained four singles. "Lick Ya Down", "Twilight" and "Sparks" all entered the top ten in the United Kingdom whilst "Explode" peaked at number 29. The album itself peaked at number 14 on release on 7 May 2012.

They also appeared on Far East Movement's single "Turn Up The Love" which peaked at number 13 in the UK and in the top twenty in six other countries.

2004 NFL Draft

In 2004, the thirty two teams of the NFL got together and held the sixty eighth yearly NFL Draft, where each of them chose college players to play for their team. It was held at Madison Square Garden in New York on April 24 and 25. The draft was shown on ESPN. There were 255 choices in the draft.

The draft started with the San Diego Chargers picking Eli Manning. He was traded to the New York Giants a short time later. There were 32 picks given to 16 teams because they lost free agents that offseason. The teams with the most compensatory picks were the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and New York Jets, each with four. There were several records during the draft: the most wide receivers selected in the first round (7), and the most trades in the first round (28). The University of Miami had six players chosen in the first round. Ohio State set an NFL draft record having 14 players picked in all rounds. As of 2012, this draft also has another records: it is the first draft which has had two quarterbacks who each won more than one Super Bowl (with Ben Roethlisberger winning his second in 2008 and Eli Manning winning his second in 2011). The positions of the players in the draft were:

Qazigund

Qazigund () is a notified town of the Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Abbaspur

Abbaspur () is a town of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is in Poonch district.

King Peak

King Peak (or Mount King) is the fourth highest mountain in Canada. It is also the ninth highest peak in North America. It is located just west of Mount Logan, and is considered a one of the outlying peaks of that massive mountain.

The first people to climb King Peak were some students from the University of Alaska, in 1952. They climbed from the foot of Quartz Ridge, where most of their supplies had been dropped in by a plane. They reached Camp 2, on the west ridge, on 3 June. They waited two days for a storm to pass, and then two of them set out for the summit, while a third had to stay in camp because of a knee injury. They reached the top on 6 June.

Lovebird

A lovebird (Agapornis) is a type of parrot. There are nine species. They are a social and affectionate small parrot. Seven species are native to Africa, and the Grey-headed lovebird is native to Madagascar. 

Their common name comes from the parrots' strong, monogamous pair bonding and the long time the pairs spend sitting together. Lovebirds live in small flocks and eat fruit, vegetables, grass and seeds. Black-winged lovebirds also eat insects and figs. Black-collared lovebirds have a special dietary requirement for native figs: this makes them more difficult to keep in captivity.

Patrick Leahy

Patrick Joseph "Pat" Leahy (born March 31, 1940) is an American politician and part-time actor. He became a United States Senator from Vermont in 1975. He retired in 2023.

Leahy has appeared in three Batman movies "Batman & Robin", "The Dark Knight", and in "The Dark Knight Rises". He was also the voice of a Senator in "". He supports gay marriage and LGBT rights.

On December 17, 2012 after the death of Daniel Inouye, Leahy became the new President pro tempore of the United States Senate. After Inouye's death, Leahy is now the most senior Democrat in the United States. Leahy is currently the longest serving senator in the United States. He took office at a younger age than any other current senator. On January 3, 2015, Orrin Hatch succeeded Leahy as President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He was honored with the title "President pro tempore emeritus" soon afterwards. In 2021 after Democrats gained control of the U.S. Senate, Leahy became President pro tempore of the United States Senate again.

On January 25, 2021, it was announced that Leahy would be the presiding officer of Donald Trump's second impeachment trial. In November 2021, he announced that he would not run for re-election and his retirement from the Senate, officially on January 3, 2023.

Leahy was born in Montpelier, Vermont, the son of Alba (née Zambon) and Howard Francis Leahy, a printer. His grandparents came to Vermont from Ireland and Italy during the 19th century to work at quarries.
Leahy graduated from Saint Michael's College in 1961 and received his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1964. He practiced as a lawyer until he was elected as State's Attorney of Chittenden County in 1966 and re-elected in 1970.

Leahy was elected to the United States Senate for the first time in 1974, succeeding retiring 34-year incumbent George Aiken. At 34 years old, he was the youngest Senator in Vermont history. Leahy was nearly defeated in 1980 by Republican Stewart Ledbetter, winning by only 2,700 votes amid Ronald Reagan's landslide victory. In 1986, he faced what was on paper an even stronger challenger in former governor Richard Snelling, but Leahy turned back this challenge, taking 63 percent of the vote. In 1992, he faced another opponent in Secretary of State of Vermont Jim Douglas, winning by 11 points.

Leahy was the first non-Republican Senator from Vermont since 1856. To this day, he is the only Democrat ever elected to the Senate from Vermont. He is technically one of only three Democrats to represent Vermont in either house of Congress since the end of the Civil War.

March 2004, Leahy and Orrin Hatch introduced the Pirate Act backed by the RIAA. In July 2004, Leahy and Hatch introduced the INDUCE Act. Both were aimed at combating copyright infringement.

On November 2, 2004, Leahy easily defeated his opponent, businessman Jack McMullen, with 70.6 percent of the vote. On January 5, 2005, Leahy was sworn in for his sixth term in the Senate by Cheney.

On September 21, 2005, Leahy announced his support for John Roberts to be Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. On January 19, 2006, Leahy announced that he would vote against Judge Samuel Alito to be a justice on the Supreme Court.

On January 18, 2007, Leahy received widespread coverage for his cross-examination of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales about the Maher Arar affair and the extraordinary rendition of Arar to Syria.

Upon the death of Senate President pro tempore Daniel Inouye on December 17, 2012, Leahy became the most senior senator in the majority party, and was elected as the new President pro tempore by unanimous consent.

On January 3, 2015, Orrin Hatch succeeded Leahy as President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He was honored with the title "President pro tempore emeritus" soon afterwards.

On January 20, 2021, Leahy became President pro tempore again since Democrats won control of the U.S. Senate.

On January 25, 2021, it was announced that Leahy would be the presiding officer at Donald Trump's second impeachment trial, becoming the first senator to preside over a president's impeachment trial.

On November 15, 2021, Leahy announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022. He officially retired when his term ended on January 3, 2023.

Leahy married Marcelle Pomerleau in 1962. They live in a farmhouse in Middlesex, Vermont that they moved to from Burlington, and have three children. Leahy celebrated his fifty year anniversary with his wife, saying ‘‘We hate it when we’re apart from one another.’’ Leahy is legally blind in one eye. Leahy was targeted in an anthrax attack November 16, 2001.

On January 26, 2021, Leahy was hospitalized after feeling ill. He returned home later the same day.

In April 2023, Mayor Miro Weinberger announced that Burlington International Airport would be renamed Patrick Leahy Burlington International Airport.


Michael Bay

Michael Benjamin Bay (born February 17, 1965) is an American movie director, producer and actor. He is known for his high-budget action movies which often use a lot of special effects, especially explosions. These include "Transformers", "", "", "", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Friday the 13th", "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", "Bad Boys", "Pearl Harbor", and "Armageddon".

Bay was born on February 17, 1965 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Wesleyan University. His cousin-in-law was actor Leonard Nimoy.

Bay got his start in the film industry interning with George Lucas when he was fifteen, filing the storyboards for "Raiders of the Lost Ark", which he thought was going to be terrible. His opinion changed after seeing it in the theater and he was so impressed by the experience that he decided to become a film director. He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1986, majoring in both English and Film. He was a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity and a favorite student of film historian Jeanine Basinger. For his graduate work, he attended Art Center College of Design in Pasadena where he also studied film.

Michael Bay began working at Propaganda Films, directing commercials and music videos, two weeks after finishing his post-graduate degree. His 90-second World War II-inspired Coca-Cola advertisement was picked up by Capitol Records. His first national commercial for the Red Cross won a Clio Award in 1992.

Bay's success in music videos gained the attention of producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson, who selected him to direct his first feature-length film, "Bad Boys". The film was shot in Miami in 1994 and starred Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. Shooting in Miami was a good experience for Bay who would later own a home in the city and spend a great deal of time there. The film was completed for $19 million and grossed $141 million at the box office in the summer of 1995. Bay's success led to a strong partnership and friendship with Jerry Bruckheimer.

His follow-up film, "The Rock" (1996), was an action movie set on Alcatraz Island, and in the San Francisco Bay area. It starred Sean Connery, Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris. Connery and Cage won 'Best On-Screen Duo' at the MTV Movie Awards in 1997 and the film was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Achievement in Sound category for the work of Greg P. Russell, Kevin O'Connell, and Keith A. Wester.

In 1998, Bay collaborated with Jerry Bruckheimer again, this time as a co-producer, as well as directing the action-adventure film "Armageddon". The film, about a group of tough oil drillers who are sent by NASA to deflect an asteroid away from a collision course with Earth, starred Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler. It was nominated for 4 Oscars at the 71st Academy Awards including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing, and Best Original Song. The film earned 9.6 million dollars on its opening day and a total of 36.5 million through the first weekend. The production budget, $140 million, was one of the highest of the summer of 1998. "Armageddon" went on to gross over $553 million worldwide.

In 2001, Bay directed "Pearl Harbor". It starred Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale and Cuba Gooding, Jr. Bay produced the film with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film received four Academy Award nominations, including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing and Best Song. "Pearl Harbor" won in the category for Sound Editing. Michael Bay also directed the music video for nominated track "There You'll Be" by vocal artist Faith Hill. Despite all the criticisms that Michael Bay had received through the film, "Pearl Harbor" remained in the major blockbuster list, as it featured a plot which the viewers, especially young audiences, can relate with, and special effects which made the movie very realistic.

Bay reteamed with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence for "Bad Boys II", an event which also marked Bay's fifth collaboration with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film grossed $138 million domestically, enough to cover the production budget, and $273 million worldwide, almost twice as much as the first movie.

In 2005, Bay directed "The Island", a science-fiction film starring Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson. It was the first film Michael Bay made without Jerry Bruckheimer. "The Island" cost $126 million to produce. It earned $46 million domestically and $172 million worldwide. Bay said he was not comfortable with the domestic marketing campaign as it confused the audience as to the true subject of the film.

In 2007, he directed and teamed up with Steven Spielberg to produce "Transformers", a live action film based on the Transformers franchise. The film was released in the U.S. and Canada on July 3, 2007, with 8 p.m. preview screenings on July 2. The previews earned $8.8 million, and in its first day of general release it grossed $27.8 million, a record for Tuesday box office attendance. It broke the record held by Spider-Man 2 for the biggest July 4 gross, making $29 million. On its opening weekend, "Transformers" grossed $70.5 million, amounting to a $155.4 million opening week, giving it the record for the biggest opening week for a non-sequel. As of November 2007, the film has made over $319 million domestically and over $708 million worldwide.

Bay returned as director and executive producer for "", which was released on June 24, 2009 and went on to gross over $832 million worldwide. Although it received mostly negative reviews by critics, including aggressively critical reviews by American film critics such as Roger Ebert, Michael Phillips and David Denby (who referred to Bay as "stunningly, almost viciously, untalented"), the film was well received by its intended audience and was one of the highest-grossing films of 2009. In 2010, it earned seven Golden Raspberry Award nominations and won three: Worst Picture, Worst Director and Worst Screenplay.

Bay directed "", released on June 28, 2011. He may direct a sequel to the "Bad Boys" franchise or a "small" film he's been developing for years, tentatively called "Pain & Gain". The true crime story, based on events described in a Miami Herald article written by Pete Collins, concerns a group of bumbling bodybuilders working together to commit a robbery.

Bay produced DreamWorks' "I Am Number Four", based on a series of novels by Pittacus Lore published by HarperCollins Children's Books. D. J. Caruso ("Eagle Eye", "Disturbia") directed.

Even though most his movies have made a lot of money, many movie critics do not like his work. He has often been made fun of and/or named as the worst working director. He has consistently topped or appeared in Worst Directors lists by users on Internet Movie Database (IMDB). In response to the criticism, Bay has said: "I make movies for teenage boys. Oh, dear, what a crime."


Persimmon

A persimmon is a fruit that people can eat. The ripe fruit ranges from light yellow-orange to dark red-orange depending on the species and variety. Persimmons come from a species of tree in the genus "Diospyros". A ripe persimmon tends to have an orange jelly-like inside that is usually very sweet, or a more mild taste and mango like texture depending on variety or species. 

Shimla Hill

Mount Shimla or Shimla Hill (or "Shimla Pahari" in the local Hindko dialect) is a mountain or hill to the west of Abbottabad, Pakistan. It is not to be confused with Simla in Himachal Pradesh, India. 

Shimla

Shimla, also known as Simla, is the capital city of the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. The city is up in the mountains at around 2,200 metres (approximately 7,234 feet). Shimla is a popular tourist destination in India.

In 1864, Shimla was made the summer capital of British India. After Indian independence, the city became the capital of Punjab and was later named the capital of Himachal Pradesh. It is the main commercial, cultural and educational centre of Himachal Pradesh.

Pakistan Military Academy

The Pakistan Military Academy (also known as PMA or PMA Kakul) is a military training academy. It is located at Kakul near Abbottabad, Pakistan. It provides training to the officers of the Pakistan Army. 

The Pakistan Military Academy was established in the year 1948. Before Partition of British India and the Independence of Pakistan in 1947, the location had been used as the PT and Mountaineering School of the British Indian Army, on the site of an old POW Camp for prisoners from the Boer War. Later it became the premises of the Royal Indian Army Service Corps (RIASC).

Brush-tailed rock-wallaby

The brush-tailed rock-wallaby or small-eared rock-wallaby ("Petrogale penicillata") is a kind of wallaby. It is one of several rock-wallabies in the genus "Petrogale". It lives in the rocks and cliffs of the Australia's Great Dividing Range from about north-west of Brisbane to the Grampians in south west Victoria. Its habitats include rainforest and dry sclerophyl forests. Numbers of brush-tailed rock-wallabies have gone down in the south and west of its range. It remains locally common in northern New South Wales and southern Queensland. In Victoria the species is nearly extinct with only four in the Grampians National Park, and 20 in East Gippsland. In 1988 at Jenolan caves in New South Wales, about 80 wallabies were released into the forest, but by 1992 there were only seven left.

In the late 1800s, Governor Grey introduced this and four other species of wallabies (including the rare parma wallaby) to islands in Hauraki Gulf, near Auckland, New Zealand, where they became well-established. In modern times, the wallabies have come to be viewed as exotic pests. They have caused problems for the native plants and animals and are being removed from the islands. Between 1967 and 1975, 210 rock-wallabies were captured on Kawau Island and returned to Australia, along with thousands of other wallabies. Rock-wallabies were removed from Rangitoto and Motutapu Islands during the 1990s. Another 33 rock-wallabies were captured on Kawau during the 2000s, and returned to Australia.

In 2003 some Kawau brush-tails were relocated to the Waterfall Springs Conservation Park north of Sydney, New South Wales, for captive breeding purposes.

Two wallabies escaped in 1916 on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. There is now a small breeding population.


Courtship in animals

Courtship in animals is the behaviour by which different species select their partners for reproduction. Usually, the male starts the courtship, and the female chooses to either mate or reject the male based on his "performance".

Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals. Animal courtship may involve complicated dances or touching, vocalizations, or displays of beauty or fighting prowess. One animal whose courtship rituals are well studied is the bowerbird, whose male builds a "bower" of collected objects. Another is the Great Crested Grebe, whose courtship dances were first described by Julian Huxley.

In cases like the Great Crested Grebe, the pairs form life (or at least long-lasting) partnerships. In that case, there are also pair-bonding dances throughout the mating season, and through the whole period of raising the young. If pairs get separated, there are exceptionally vigorous dances when they come together. There are a number of "dance routines" which occur in the different circumstances of life. All this behaviour is inherited, though the individual bird remembers the place and the partner permanently.

It might be thought that courtship only occurs in the kind of animals which have fairly complex brains, such as mammals and birds. This is not the case. Male "Drosophila" flies have to do a mating dance in front of the female before she will allow them to mate. If the dance is not "correct" for that species, she refuses the male. It was discovered over fifty years ago that, if the male carries a mutation which disrupts the dance, he cannot achieve mating: the females reject him. This behaviour is clearly advantageous to the female, whose genes have a better chance of contributing to the next generation if her partner is biologically fit. "Drosophila" are by no means the only insects which have mating rituals.

Sexual conflict is when the interests of males and females in reproduction are not the same: 

Mating ritual evolved because it is advantageous for females to have choice of partners. If the female has sperm from more than one male, then sperm competition comes into play. This is competition between sperms to fertilize the egg (only a single sperm achieves the union). In some insects, the male injects a cocktail of chemicals in the seminal fluid together with the sperm. The chemicals kill off older sperms (from any previous mating), up-regulates females' egg-laying rate, and reduces her desire to re-mate with another male. The cocktail also shortens the female's lifespan, so reducing her likelihood of mating with other males. Also, some females can get rid of the previous male's sperm.

After mating has taken place, males do various things to stop the female mating again. What the male does depends on the species. In some species, the male plugs the female opening after insemination. In some hymenoptera, the male provides a huge quantity of sperms, enough for the female's long life. In birds and mammals, the male may fight off other candidate males.

Thus, courtship is the visible part of a complex series of events whereby the males and females come together for mating. The continuation of pair-bonding after mating is common in birds and mammals because the survival of their genes depends on the fertilized eggs reaching maturity. If that requires support from "both" parents, the rituals are the way the pair keep connected. Established pairs, even in the Great Crested Grebe, will live as singles (often in a large group) outside the mating season.

Outcrossing is the mating of individuals that are not genetically closely related. Courtship during outcrossing faciltitates selection of a beneficial partner. The alternative mating process is inbreeding, the mating of genetically related individuals. Inbreeding leads to increased expression of deleterious traits, a phenomenon referred to as inbreeding depression. Inbreeding often occurs when outcrossing opportunities are limited. Courtship based selection of a partner is an important feature of outcrossing, but is likely less significant for inbreeding.


Roanoke Colony

Roanoke Colony was a British colony in North America that disappeared mysteriously. It is called the "Lost Colony." It was on Roanoke Island in what is today Dare County, North Carolina, in the United States. It was started in 1585 by Sir Walter Raleigh. It disappeared sometime between 1587 and 1590. Today, nobody knows what happened to the people who were living there.

On 25 March 1584, Queen Elizabeth gave Sir Walter Raleigh a charter to start a colony in North America. A "charter" is a document which gives permission from a monarch to the holder. Raleigh's charter said he could start a colony in a part of North America called "Virginia". It also said that if he did not start the colony, Raleigh would not be able to start any other colonies ever again. 

Raleigh and Queen Elizabeth hoped that the colony would be rich. They wanted it to be a base for privateering. "Privateers" are pirates who work for the government to attack ships from other countries. The English privateers from the colony would attack the Spanish ships that were carrying treasure across the Atlantic Ocean to Spain.

Raleigh sent some ships to explore North America in 1584. On 27 April 1584, Phillip Amadas and Arthur Barlowe sailed to the Eastern coast of North America. They landed on Roanoke Island on 4 July 1584. On the island they met some of the Native American people living there. The tribes they met were the Secotans and the Croatans. Barlowe took two Croatans back to England with him. They were Manteo and the chief, Wanchese. Manteo and Wanchese told Raleigh about Roanoke Island and the politics of the local tribes. Raleigh decided to send more ships back to the Island to learn more. This new expedition (trip) was led by Sir Richard Grenville.

Grenville took five ships to Roanoke: the "Tiger", "Roebuck", "Red Lion", "Elizabeth", and "Dorothy". They left from Plymouth on 9 April 1585. There was a big storm that made the "Tiger" get separated from the other ships. The captains of the ships had a plan that if the ships got separated, they would all go to Puerto Rico to meet up again. The "Tiger" arrived at the "Baye of Muskito" (Guayanilla Bay) on 11 May 1585.
Grenville and the "Tiger" waited in Puerto Rico for the other ships. While they were waiting, Grenville built a fort called Fort Elizabeth. He also did some privateering from there against the Spanish. One of the other ships, the "Elizbeth", arrived in Puerto Rico right after Fort Elizabeth was built. Grenville soon got tired of waiting for the other ships. On 7 June 1585 he left Puerto Rico and abandoned the fort. Nobody knows what happened to the fort, or where exactly it was.

The "Tiger" arrived at the Outer Banks on 26 June 1585. (The Outer Banks are islands on the coast of the Carolinas in North America. Roanoke Island is part of the Outer Banks.) The "Tiger" hit a shoal in Ocracoke Inlet. This damaged the ship and most of their food was ruined. They fixed the ship and met up with the "Roebuck" and the "Dorothy". The other ships had arrived at the islands a few weeks before. The "Red Lion" also arrived at the Outer Banks, but it dropped off its passengers and went to Newfoundland for privateering. 

The English explored some of the coast and the Native American settlements there. One of the villages they visited was called Aquascogoc. The English blamed the natives of Aquascogoc for stealing a silver cup. They destroyed the village and burned it to the ground as punishment. Aquascogoc was a village of the Croatan tribe.

Genville decided to leave some men to start a colony at the north end of Roanoke Island. He did this even though they did not have a lot of food and the Croatans were angry about Aquascogoc. Ralph Lane and 107 men were left on Roanoke Island. Grenville promised to return in April 1586 with more men and supplies. Lane and his men left for Roanoke on 17 August 1585. Lane built a small fort on Roanoke Island and explored some of the area. There are no pictures of the Roanoke fort. It was probably a lot like Fort Elizabeth on Guayanilla Bay, Puerto Rico.

Grenville did not return in April 1586. The Croatans were angry because the English had destroyed Aquascogoc, so they attacked the fort. The colonists were able to repel the attackers. (This means that the Croatan warriors didn't win the fight.) Soon after this attack, Sir Francis Drake stopped by the fort on his way back to England. The colonists agreed to go back to England with Drake. They brought with them tobacco, maize, and potatoes to Europe for the first time.

A little while after Drake left with the colonists, Grenville's ships arrived at the fort. When they got there, the fort was abandoned. Grenville decided to take his men back to England. A small number of men stayed behind to run the fort.

Sir Walter Raleigh sent 150 people to start a colony in 1587. A man named John White was in charge of the colony. John White was an artist and a friend of Raleigh. He had gone to Roanoke with Barlowe and Grenville. Raleigh told them to start a colony on the Chesapeake Bay. On the way, they were going to stop at the Roanoke fort to pick up Grenville's men and take them to the new colony. 

White's ships landed at Roanoke on 22 July 1587. They did not find any of Grenville's men at the base of the old fort. All they found was one skeleton that might have been the body of one of the Englishmen. The commander of the fleet (group of ships), Simon Fernandez, would not let the colonists get back on the ships. He said they had to start the new colony on Roanoke Island. Nobody knows exactly why he did this.

White tried to talk to the Croatans and make peace with them. The Croatans were the same tribes that Ralph Lane and his men had fought against the year before. The Croatans would not talk to White. They killed a colonist named George Howe. Howe was looking for crabs in the Albemarle Sound when he was killed.

The colonists were scared. They asked Governor White to go back to England and get help. White agreed to go. He left behind 115 colonists at Roanoke. 114 colonists had come from England with White. The last colonist was Virginia Dare. Virginia was the first English child ever born in the Americas. She was also John White's granddaughter.

Governor White left the colony in late 1587. The ship barely made it back to England. It was very dangerous to cross the Atlantic Ocean in the winter. There were bad storms and lots of heavy wind. White wanted to return to Roanoke fast with help. The captain said he would not go back during the winter because it was too dangerous. At the same time, the Spanish Armada was sailing to attack England. All English ships were sent to fight the Spanish, so there were no ships for White to sail back to Roanoke.

White found two small ships that were not being used to defend England against the Spanish Armada. He hired the ships to sail to Roanoke. They set sail in the spring of 1588. The captains of the ships were greedy. They tried to attack some Spanish ships to steal their cargo. ("Cargo" is things being carried by a ship. Cargo can be food, supplies, money, or treasure.) The Spanish ships fought White's ships and won. The Spanish took all of White's cargo. White's ships turned around and sailed back to England because they had nothing to take to the colony.

England was at war with Spain. White could not find any ships to take to Roanoke because of the fighting. After three years, White found a group of privateers who said they would take him to Roanoke. He landed on Roanoke Island on 15 August 1590. The colony was empty. All 90 men, 17 women, and 11 children were gone. There were no signs of fighting. The people had just disappeared.

The only thing White found was the word "CROATOAN" carved on a tree. The word "CRO" was carved on another tree. All of the houses and buildings had been taken apart. This means that the colonists did not leave in a hurry. 

White had told the colonists what to do if something bad happened to them. He told them to carve a Maltese Cross on a tree if someone made them leave the colony. The colonists didn't carve the cross on any of the trees. White thought that the colonists had gone to an island called Croatoan Island. (Today, Croatoan Island is called Hatteras Island.)

The men who brought White to Roanoke did not let him search Croatoan Island. They wanted to leave because there was a big storm coming. They left on 16 August 1590 and went back to England.

In 1602, Raleigh decided to find out what happened to his colony. He sent several ships to the colony. A man named Samuel Mace was in charge. Raleigh bought all of the ships and promised that the sailors would be paid. He did this so they would not go privateering on the way to Roanoke.

The ships stopped at the Outer Banks to pick up some sassafras and other aromatic woods. These plants were used to make perfume in Europe. They could be sold in England for a lot of money. By the time they finished getting the sassafras, the weather had gotten bad. The ships turned around and went back to England. They never got to Roanoke Island. Raleigh could not send any more ships to Roanoke because King James I arrested him for treason.

The Spanish also tried to go to Roanoke. They knew that Raleigh wanted to use the colony for privateering. They wanted to destroy the colony so he could not do that. The Spanish thought that the colony was a lot more successful than it really was. In 1590, the Spanish found the remains of Roanoke by accident. They didn't think it was the Roanoke Colony. They thought it was a small settlement outside of the main colony. They thought that Roanoke Colony was by the Chesapeake Bay. (That was where John White was supposed to set up the colony.) The Spanish could not get enough ships and people to look for the Roanoke colony because of the Anglo-Spanish War.

The colony was called the "Lost Colony" because no one knows what happened after 1587. There are many ideas about what might have happened. There is no proof that any of these ideas are right. It is still a mystery today. 
One idea is that the colonists went to live with the Native American tribes. They may have joined the Chowanoke tribe. The Choanoke were attacked by another tribe. The Jamestown Colony's records say that a tribe called "Mandoag" attacked the Choanoke. (Jamestown was a colony in Virginia started 20 years after Roanoke.) The word "Mandoag" is from the Algonquian language. It means 'enemy nation.' The "Mandoag" might have been the Tuscarora people or the Eno people. The historian Lee Miller wrote about this idea in the book "Roanoke: solving the mystery of the lost colony" (2000).

There is some proof for this idea. A 1607 map from Jamestown called the "Zuniga Map" had some writing on it.) The writing said "four men clothed that came from roonock" were living in an Iroquois village on the Neuse River. (The Tuscarora tribe spoke the Iroquois language.) Also, a secretary from Jamestown wrote about strange Native American villages. William Strachey wrote that there were two-story houses with stone walls in the villages of Peccarecanick and Ochanahoen. He thought that the Roanoke colonists taught the Native Americans build these kinds of buildings. 

In the late 1880s, there were Native Americans in Robeson County, North Carolina who said they were related to the Roanoke settlers. A politician from North Carolina named Hamilton McMillan learned about this claim. He found that a lot of the words in this Native American tribe's language were a lot like some old English words that are no longer used. Also a lot of the people in the tribe had family names that were the same as the names of the colonists'. McMillan thought that these Native Americans were the descendents of the Roanoke settlers. Because of this, he helped pass a bill called the "Croatan Bill" on February 10, 1885. This bill said that the Native American people in Robeson county were officially called "Croatan."

Two days after the bill, there was an article written about the tribe. It was printed in the "Fayetteville Observer" on 12 February 1885. It said that "Croatoa" was just a village and the tribe called themselves the Tuscaroras. The article also said that the tribe was always friendly to the white people of Roanoke. When they saw that there was no help coming from England, the tribe let the colonists live in their villages. Over time, the tribe left their old villages and moved to live in the center of Robeson County.

Historians are not sure that this is really what happened. There are many different Native American tribes that have legends and stories about the Roanoke Colony. There is a legend that is a lot like the Robeson County tribe about the Saponi people of Person County, North Carolina. The Saponi are now extinct (today there are no living Saponi people). The legend says that the Saponi were descended from the English colonists. When settlers met the Saponi, they were surprised to find that they already spoke English and knew about Christianity. The Saponi also had European features. (Their faces were shaped like Europeans' faces.) 

Some of the other tribes that say they are descended from the Roanoke colonists are:
The Lost Colony DNA Project was set up to test if this is true.

A historian named David Beers Quinn thinks that the Roanoke colony moved to a new place and then was destroyed. In 1607, Captain John Smith started the Jamestown Colony in Virginia. One of his jobs was to find out what happened to the Roanoke Colony. Chief Powhatan told Smith that he had killed all of the Roanoke colonists. He said that they were living with the Chesepian tribe. The Chesepians would not join Chief Powhatan's Powhatan Confederacy. Also there was a prophecy that said the Chespians would destroy Powhatan's empire.

Because of this, the Powhatan Confederacy killed all the Chesepians. Chief Powhatan showed Captain Smith proof of this. He showed Smith some iron tools made in England. The bodies of the colonists were never found. Archaeologists do not have any evidence either. 

In 1998, there was a team of scientists studying the climate (weather) of the Roanoke area. The team took cores of some 800-year-old trees on Roanoke Island. They wanted to look at the tree rings to see the history of rain and temperature over the years.

They found that the colonists had started Roanoke Colony in the middle of the worst drought in 800 years. (A "drought" is a period of time when there is very little rain.) "This drought persisted for 3 years, from 1587 to 1589, and is the driest 3-year episode in the entire 800-year reconstruction," the team wrote in the journal "Science". The drought happened in all of the southeastern United States. It was worst in the area near Roanoke Island.

The people in charge of the team were David W. Stahle and Dennis B. Blaton. Stahle was a climatologist from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Blaton was an archaeologist from The College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia.

Governor White left some ships at the colony when he left in 1587. They had a full-rigged pinnace and some small ships. One idea is that the colonists tried to sail back to England in these ships. It could be that the ships sank and the colonists died.

Another idea is that the Spanish destroyed the colony. Earlier in the 1500s, the Spanish destroyed a French colony in South Carolina called Fort Charles. They also killed all of the people in a French colony in Florida. This is probably not what happened in Roanoke, because the Spanish were still looking for the colony in 1600.


Provisional government

A provisional government is a government set up in an emergency when a political void has been created by the collapse of a government. They are usually unelected and tend to arise after civil or foreign wars. Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord used the term in the early 19th century. The first known establishment of a provisional government was in 1869 by the Métis leader Louis Riel at the Red River Colony.

Battle of Little Round Top

The Battle of Little Round Top was part of the Battle of Gettysburg. It occurred on July 2, 1863. The troops under Joshua Chamberlain, the 20th Maine, formed the left flank for the Confederate troops. They repelled several charges by the Confederates. However, eventually Chamberlain's troops ran low on ammunition. Chamberlain ordered that the soldiers mount bayonets to their rifles and he ordered a charge down the hill against the Confederates. This charge surprised the Confederates and was successful.

The success in the Battle of Little Round Top is considered a turning-point in the Battle of Gettysburg and in the Civil War.

Jean-Charles Darmon

Jean-Charles Darmon is a French literary critic born in 1961.

Graduate in 1982 from the "École Normale Supérieure", he first teaches at Amherst College (USA).

Teacher of French literature at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", Honorary Member of the "Institut Universitaire de France" (2001-2006), he was head of the "École Normale Supérieure" from 2005 to 2009.

Specialized in connections between literature, philosophy and ethics in the classical age, he is the author of books on libertarianism scholar and Epicureanism, the forms of the fable or satire, from an interdisciplinary perspective.


Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall

The Magomayev Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall (Azeri: "Maqomayev adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Filarmoniyası") is the main concert hall for classical music and folk music in the capital of Azerbaijan, Baku.

The Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall was built between the years 1910–1912 at the request of the city elite and is designed in the Italian Renaissance (outside) and German Rococo (inside) architectural styles. Its design was influenced by the architectural style of the buildings of the Monte-Carlo Casino, particularly the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. The building was originally organized as a club for the wealthy of Baku, who attended it for banquets and entertainment. During the Russian Civil War it was a place for public rallies. In 1936, the club was officially reorganized into a residence for the philharmonic society aimed at promoting Azerbaijani classical and folk music. On 11 August 1937 after the building was renovated, it was named after the Azerbaijani composer Muslim Magomayev. In 1995, the hall was closed down for more than 8 years for another renovation. It was not until November 2002 that the restoration works finally started due to President Heydar Aliyev's special decree. The opening of the fully renovated building happened on 27 January 2004.

The main building has two halls: The Summer Hall with 1100 seats and the Winter Hall with 610 seats, which are joined by a single stage. The Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall is home to 7 performing groups:




Alexander Parkes

Alexander Parkes (1813 - 1890) was an English inventor. He created the earliest form of plastics which was called parkesine.

ealiest plastic which was later called super nova
Barnston

Barnston is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 850 people living in Barnston. It has a church called St Andrew.

Berden

Berden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 427 people living in Barnston. It has a church called St Nicholas.

Birchanger

Birchanger is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 987 people living in Birchanger.

Great Canfield

Great Canfield is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 364 people living in Great Canfield. It has a church called St Mary. It includes the hamlets of Hope End Green, Canfield Hart, Bacon End and Green Street.

Accipitridae

The Accipitridae are one of the two major families in the order Accipitriformes (the diurnal birds of prey). 

They are a family of small to large birds with strongly hooked bills (beaks). They vary accordig to their diet. They feed on prey items from insects to medium-sized mammals. Some feed on carrion and a few feed on fruit. The Accipitridae have a cosmopolitan distribution, being found on all the world's continents (except Antarctica) and a number of oceanic island groups. Some species are migratory.

Many well-known birds, such as hawks, eagles, kites, harriers and Old World vultures are included in this group. The osprey is usually placed in a separate family (Pandionidae), as is the secretary bird. The New World vultures are now usually a separate family or order.

Import

An import is a raw material or a finished product that is brought into a country from abroad. For example America imports maple syrup from Canada and exports manufactured products to the Caribbean. Some Caribbean countries import nearly all their goods, paying for them with money earned through tourism, banking, and other service industries.


Semites

Semites was a word used for people who speak a Semitic language like Arabic or Hebrew. Scientists don't use the words "Semites" or "Semitic peoples" any longer, but they still speak of "Semitic languages".

The word "Semite" was taken from Shem, a son of Noah in Genesis (chapters 6-11). It was first used in the 1770s by German professors at Göttingen university.

Fazlur Khan

Fazlur Rahman Khan (ফজলুর রহমান খান) (April 3, 1929 – March 27, 1982) was a Bangladeshi-American structural engineer and architect. He and his business partner Bruce Graham are known for designing the Willis Tower and the John Hancock Center both in Chicago, Illinois. He was one of the most well-known architects in the 20th century.

Khan was born on April 3, 1929 in Dhaka, then-British India. He studied at Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology and at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

He was married to Liselotte Khan until his wife death in 1990. 

Khan died of a heart attack on March 27, 1982 while on a trip in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, at the age of 52. He is buried at Graceland Cemetery in Chicago.


Bruce Graham

Bruce John Graham (December 1, 1925 – March 6, 2010) was a Colombian-American architect. Graham and his business partner Fazlur Khan are well known for designing the Willis Tower and the 875 North Michigan Avenue, both in Chicago, Illinois.

Graham was born to a Canadian father and to a Peruvian mother in La Cumbre, Valle del Cauca, Columbia. He was raised in Bogotá, Columbia and in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Colegio San Jose de Rio Piedras, at the University of Pennsylvania, Case School of Applied Sciences, and at University of Dayton. 

Graham died on March 6, 2010 from emphysema in Hobe Sound, Florida, aged 84. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Oghi Tehsil

Oghi Tehsil is a "tehsil" or subdivision of the Mansehra District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. It is in a mountainous area close to the Kala Dhaka tribal zone. The main or capital town of this tehsil is Oghi.

The large part of the population of Oghi tehsil is indigenous Swatis, Gurjars, Awans and a mixture of other smaller groups. Hindko is spoken as the main language by around 62% of the people, Pashto language by some 30% and Gojri by some 8 %.

Part of this tehsil is the Agror valley which also used to be the estate of the former Khan of Agror, a famous tribal chieftain.

Oghi

Oghi is a town in Mansehra District, of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Hubble Extreme Deep Field

The Hubble eXtreme Deep Field (XDF) is an image of a small part of space in the center of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field. It is in the direction of the constellation Fornax. The image shows the deepest optical view into space.

The "XDF" image was released on September 25, 2012. The image combined 10 years of images. It shows galaxies that are over 13.2 billion years old. The exposure time was two million seconds, or about 23 days. The least bright galaxies are one ten-billionth the brightness of what the human eye can see. Many of the smaller galaxies are very young galaxies. Some of them became the major galaxies, like the Milky Way and other galaxies in our galactic neighborhood. 

The Hubble eXtreme Deep Field adds another 5,500 galaxies to Hubble's 2003 and 2004 view into a very small part of the farthest universe.


Hypnotic

A hypnotic is a drug designed to help you sleep. It is a type of psychoactive drug which acts as a soporific, and is also used for surgical anaesthesia. Many hypnotics are addictive, and have side-effects. Because of this, most are prescribed as a last resort, and only for a short time. Rohypnol is a particularly powerful example of a hypnotic.

Anxiolytic

Anxiolytics are drugs that are used for the treatment of anxiety, and anxiety-related disorders. The common drugs can be classified:

In addition to these drug classes, there are also certain plants that have such properties. Many of the drugs listed above have side-effects. For this reason, they are only available on prescription. Certain forms of therapy have also been used to treat anxiety disorders.

Anxiolytics are said to act on key biochemical messengers in the brain and eventually decrease the abnormal excitability. The biochemical messengers or binding sites are unevenly distributed in the brain, and also said to be associated with a GABA receptor and a chloride channel.

Eileen Yaritja Stevens

Eileen Yaritja Stevens (died 19 February 2008) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. Although she had brief career of less than four years, she quickly became one of the most successful artists of her generation to paint in the style of the Western Desert. Her work is now held in several major public art collections across Australia.

Stevens was born some time in the 1910s. She was born at Makiri, in the north-west corner of South Australia, between what are now the communities of Kaltjiti and Watarru. Her father was a Yankunytjatjara man, and her mother was Ngaanyatjarra, but Stevens described herself as belonging to the Pitjantjatjara.

Stevens grew up in the bush, living a traditional, nomadic way of life. When she was a young woman, her family settled at Ernabella, which was a Presbyterian mission at the time. She worked there milking goats. Her husband, who she met whilst living at Ernabella, also worked there chopping trees for use in building projects. The couple later moved to Nyapaṟi after it was established in the mid-1970s. This area was her husband's Dreaming country (homeland), and although she often made visits to her own birthplace, Stevens would live at Nyapaṟi for the rest of her life.

Stevens did not begin painting professionally until 2004, very late in her life. Her husband had died by then, and Stevens had become close friends with Wingu Tingima. Tingima had already established herself as an artist in Irrunytju. The two women began to paint for Nyapaṟi's local community art centre, Tjungu Palya, after it was opened in 2006. They often painted alongside one another, sharing creative ideas and travelling to their exhibitions together. Eileen's daughter, Yaritja Stevens, was married to Tingima's son; and the two shared grandchildren. As the success of their art increased, they became the main providers of income for their combined families.

Stevens had a short career of less than four years. However, her art had immediate success. Her early works – those before Tjungu Palya – were shown in group exhibitions in Melbourne, Adelaide, Sydney and Alice Springs. Her first (and only) solo exhibition was held in October 2007, less than a year before her death. The exhibition, called ": One Woman", was held at the Vivien Anderson Gallery in Melbourne.

Stevens died on 19 February 2008, at Ernabella. Her funeral was held in Kaltjiti. Her paintings continued to be featured in many other exhibitions alongside other Tjungu Palya artists, even after her death. Stevens' work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Art Gallery of Western Australia, and the National Gallery of Australia.

Stevens' art focused on her family's Dreaming (a kind of spirituality). Makiri, where she was born, is a sacred place for Aṉangu women. In her paintings, Stevens depicted the Dreaming associated with this place, the '. She also painted stories about Piltati, near her husband's birthplace, which is closely related to the Two Snake Men Dreaming ('). The paintings featured in her solo show in Melbourne were all related to this particular Dreaming.

Stevens' style was described as bold and dominating. She was said to paint quickly, with a rich mixture of colours, and her paintings were done on large canvases.

Fen

A fen is a type of wetland. It is usually fed by mineral-rich surface water or groundwater. Fens have neutral or alkaline water, with dissolved minerals but few other plant nutrients. They are usually dominated by grasses and sedges, and typically have brown mosses like "Scorpidium" or "Drepanocladus". 

Fens may have a high diversity of other plant species, including carnivorous plants such as "Pinguicula". Fens may occur along large lakes and rivers where seasonal changes in water level keep soil wet, with few woody plants. 

The distribution of individual species of fen plants is connected to water regimes and nutrient concentrations.

Fens have a characteristic set of plant species, which indicate environmental conditions. They are called "fen indicator species".

Fens are distinguished from bogs. Bogs which are acidic, low in minerals, and usually dominated by sedges and shrubs, with abundant "Sphagnum" mosses.

Fens have been damaged in the past by land drainage, and also by peat cutting. Some are now being carefully restored with modern management methods. The principal challenges are to restore natural water flow regimes, to keep the quality of water, and prevent invasion by woody plants.


Armin van Buuren

Armin van Buuren (born 25 December 1976) is a disc jockey from the Netherlands. He is the number one ranked DJ. He has won DJ Magazine's Top 100 DJs fan poll a record of 5 times. He won it 4 years in a row (2007-2010) and again in 2012. Since 2001, Van Buuren has hosted a weekly radio show called "A State of Trance". The program says about 25 million people in 26 countries listen to it each week. This fact would make it one of the most listened-to radio programs in the world. 

The Mindy Project

The Mindy Project is an American comedy television show on FOX. It stars Mindy Kaling as Mindy Lahiri, a obstetrician-gynecologist in New York City.

Wishbone

Wishbone was an American children's television show on PBS.




Bog

A bog is a wetland where peat builds up. Peat is layers of dead plant material—often mosses, in most cases, "Sphagnum" moss. It is one of the four main types of wetlands. Other names for bogs include mire, quagmire and muskeg.

Frequently, as the illustration on the right shows, they are covered in Ericaceous shrubs rooted in the Sphagnum moss and peat. The gradual buildup of decayed plant material in a bog forms a carbon sink.

Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients. In some cases, the water is got entirely from precipitation, in which case they are (rain-fed). Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown colour, which comes from dissolved peat tannins.

In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth, but decay is even slower because of the saturated soil. So, the amount of peat increases. Large areas of landscape can be covered many meters deep in peat. Bogs have a distinctive group of plant and animal species, and are of high importance for biodiversity, particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed.

The world's largest peat bog is in the Congo (Brazzaville). It is as big as England. The bog covers between 100,000 and 200,000 square kilometres (40,000 to 80,000 sq miles), with the peat layer reaching up to 7m (23) beneath the ground. It holds billions of tonnes of partially decayed vegetation.

Reflexive relation

A relation is said to be reflexive when for all members of the relations R, x=x.

For example, for the set A, which only includes the ordered pair (1,1). The relation is reflexive as 1=1.

List of Wikipedias

This is a list of many of the different language editions of Wikipedia; as of July 2023, there are 334 Wikipedias. For their number of articles, see the .

Each Wikipedia has a code, which is used as a subdomain below wikipedia.org. Interlanguage links are sorted by that code.

The codes represent the language codes defined by ISO 639-1 and ISO 639-3, and the decision of which language code to use is usually determined by the Internet Engineering Task Force language tag policy.

One code is not a language code ('be-x-old') but refers to a specific orthography.

Some deviations include:
The table below lists the languages of Wikipedia roughly sorted by the number of active users (registered users who have made at least one edit in the last thirty days). It is shown as the "power of ten" of the count of active users, also known as the common logarithm, rounded down to a whole number. In this way, "5" means at least 10 (or 100,000), "4" means at least 10 (10,000), and so on.

Internet bots have created most of the articles on the following Wikipedias:


Jagannath Temple, Pabna

Jagannath Temple is a Hindu temple in the Pabna district of the Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh. It is dedicated to the god Jagannath. It is also known locally known as the Handial Mandir.

The temple was built between 1300 to 1400 CE. The temple is famous for its terracotta sculptures, and has been described as one of the most beautiful Hindu temples in Northern Bangladesh. The temple is incurring damage by high salinity from the soil it is built on.

Kal Bhairab Temple, Brahmanbaria

Kal Bhairab Temple is a Hindu temple, dedicated to the god Shiva, in the Chittagong division of Bangladesh. The temple is famous for the large linga. It is supposed to be the largest in the world. The goddess Kali is also worshipped there.

The temple dates back to the 19th century. It was damaged by Pakistani soldiers during the Bangladesh Liberation War.

Androgen

An androgen is a male sex hormone made by the testes. Androgens control and stimulate development of male characteristics in vertebrates. The main hormone is testosterone.

BeOS

BeOS was an operating system made by Be Inc. and designed for multimedia and personal desktop use. It made good use of multiprocessor technology. Palm, Inc. bought Be Inc. in 2001 and new versions of BeOS were not made.


Coccus

A coccus (plural of cocci) is a bacterium that is shaped like a sphere or circle. Cocci are one of the three types of bacteria shapes. The word coccus comes from the Greek word "kokkos", or "berry".

Some examples of cocci are Abiotrophia, Enterococcus, Neisseria, Staphylococcus, and Streptococcus.


Spirillum

Spirillum (plural Spirilla) is any bacterium that is shaped like a spiral. It is one of the three shapes of bacteria. The other two are Coccus and Bacillus.It can be said as Spiral Bacteria. 

Spirillum is also the name of a genus of Gram-negative bacteria in the family Spirillaceae. The two species in the "Spirillum" genus are "Spirillum minus" and "Spirillum pulli".

Great Chicago Fire

The Great Chicago Fire was a large fire that started on Sunday October 8, 1871 in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The fire started out as nine separated fires. It burned until Tuesday October 10, 1871 when rain started to fall. 

The fire destroyed and $192,000,000 in property. About 100,000 people were left homeless. Three hundred people died. Because of a large fire the night before, firefighters were too tired to quickly put out these fires.

No one is sure what caused the fire. A legend says that it started when a cow knocked over a lantern in Catherine O'Leary's barn on De Koven Street. 

The oldest structure left standing in the area where the fire burned is the Couch family tomb. This stone tomb was built in 1858. 

Not all of the city was destroyed. Important places like the Stock Yards, where animals were slaughtered, were not damaged. Neither was the railroad system.

The second red star of the Chicago flag represents the fire.


Chicago Loop

The Loop or Chicago Loop is one of 77 officially designated community areas in the City of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is the historic commercial center of downtown Chicago. It is the seat of government for Chicago and Cook County, as well as the historic theater and shopping district.
As established in social research done by the University of Chicago in the 1920s, the Loop is a defined community area of Chicago. The name comes from the eleveated train tracks that form a loop. Chicago's central business district community area is bounded on the west and north by the Chicago River, on the east by Lake Michigan, and on the south by Roosevelt Road. But the commercial core has grown into adjacent community areas.
The community area includes Grant Park and one of the largest art museums in the United States, the Art Institute of Chicago. Other major cultural institutions here include the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Goodman Theatre, the Joffrey Ballet, the Cloud Gate, the Willis Tower, the Chicago Board of Trade Building, the central public Harold Washington Library, and the Chicago Cultural Center.
In what is now the Loop Community Area, on the southern banks of the Chicago River, near today's Michigan Avenue Bridge, the U.S. Army erected Fort Dearborn in 1803. It was the first settlement in the area sponsored by the United States.


Vermin Supreme

Vermin Love Supreme (born June 1961) is an American politician, artist, anarchist, and activist who ran for president in 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2020 and 2024. He made promises to give a pony to all Americans, to have a Zombie-Apocalypse, and to have time travel research. He said the he will pass a law to order everyone to brush their teeth.

Supreme was born on June 1961 in Rockport, Massachusetts. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland and in Boston, Massachusetts. Supreme studied at Gloucester High School.


Ngupulya Pumani

Ngupulya Pumani (born 1948 in Mimili) is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Mimili, in the north-west of South Australia. She is part of a well-known family of artists, who belong to the Yankunytjatjara community. Her mother, Milatjari, and her sister, Betty Kuntiwa, are both successful painters. Ngupulya has paintings held in the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.

Ngupulya began painting in 2009, for Mimili's community art co-operative, Mimili Maku. She had been inspired to paint by her mother. Her first major exhibition was later that year in Alice Springs, at the annual "Desert Mob" show. Since then, her paintings have been exhibited in several cities around Australia, including twice at the Gallery Gabriella Pizzi in Melbourne.

Ngupulya's paintings depict scenes and concepts from her family's Dreaming. Her mother's "ngura" (homeland) is Antara, and her father's is near Watarru. Antara is a sacred place associated with the (Witchetty Grub Dreaming), and Ngupulya most often paints stories from this Dreaming.

She uses pale, earthy colours in her backgrounds to depict the desert landscape, and this is contrasted with patterns of intense, bright dots and lines to represent symbols, figures and their journeys. Many of her techniques were taken from her mother, but used more consistently with her own refinements. The results have been compared to the early works of Emily Kngwarreye.


Meat ant

The meat ant ("Iridomyrmex purpureus"), also called the meat-eater ant, is a species of ant found all around Australia. The ants are often used by farmers to clean the remaining meat off dead animals.

Smoked fish

Smoked fish are fish that have been cured by smoking.

Foods have been smoked by humans throughout history. At first this was done as a preservative. Now the smoking of fish is generally done for the unique taste and flavour that comes from the smoking process.

The most common types of smoked fish in the US are salmon, mackerel, whitefish and trout. A common name for cold-smoked salmon is lox.

In the Netherlands, commonly available varieties include both hot- and cold-smoked mackerel, herring and Baltic sprats. Hot-smoked eel is a specialty in the Northern provinces. 

Smoked fish is an important item in Russian cuisine, Jewish cuisine, and Scandinavian cuisine, as well as several Eastern and Central European cuisines.

English, Scottish and Canadian cuisine have a strongly brined, smoked herring that used to be known as "red herring". Now it is called kippers.

Thandiani

Thandiani (meaning 'Very Cold') is a hill station, or resort in the Galyat hill area of Abbottabad District, Hazara, Pakistan. 

Thandiani was originally granted as a leasehold to some members of the famous Battye family in British India. They were Christian missionaries and soldiers who fought in many famous military campiagns of the British Indian Army. They gifted the location to the church authorities, where a Sanatorium and various other facilities were set up, mostly for the convenience of missionaries, Anglican church personnel and officers stationed at the neighbouring cantonment of Abbottabad. It also contained some private European houses, a camping ground, a small bazaar, and the small seasonal church of St Xavier in the Wilderness (under the jurisdiction of St Luke's Church, Abbottabad) which were occupied only during the summers.

Thandiani is in the south of Abbottabad District at 34°13'60N 73°22'0E and is about 31 kilometres from Abbottabad city in the foothills of the Himalayas. To the east beyond the Kunhar River lies the fabulous snow covered Pir Panjal Range of mountains of Kashmir.The hills of Thandiani are about 9,000 feet above sea level. Most of the people of residing here belong to the Qureshi, Gujar, and Karlal tribes.

Thandiani has excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months, and snow-covered views and hills in the winter. Many tourists from all over Pakistan visit here, especially in the summer season. 

The mountains around Thandiani are still quite thickly forested, compared to most other hill stations in the locality, which have suffered deforestation. The local wildlife includes leopards, deer, monkeys, several kinds of pheasants, the marbled polecat and the increasingly rare flying squirrel and a species of pine marten.

Abdul Qayyum Khan

Sahibzada Sir Abdul Qayyum Khan (1863 – December 1937) was a distinguished Pashtun educationist and politician of British India. He is best known for establishing the famous Islamia College, Peshawar, along the lines of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan's policy of educating Muslims. He also briefly remained Chief Minister of the NWFP province during 1936-1937. 

Marbled polecat

The marbled polecat (Vormela peregusna) is a small mammal in the Mustelinae subfamily.

The marbled polecat is found in grasslands from southeast Europe to Asia. It is found in Russia, China, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, north-western Pakistan, northern India, Mongolia and Kazakhstan. Like other mustelines, if threatened it puts out a disgusting strong-smelling secretion from anal sacs under its tail.

