Brain Warp

Brain Warp is an electronic audio game developed by Big Monster Toys, and was made by Tiger Electronics and released on June 16, 1996. Players follow the spoken instructions of the game unit by choosing the correct number or color. Its catchphrase which the voice says before a game begins is: "If you don't keep up with me, you're finished!". A Star Wars version titled Death Star Escape was released by Tiger Electronics in 1997 and the games are called Challenges.

The spherical unit has six colored knobs - purple, red, green, white, orange and yellow - with numbers on them, and a blue base. A second version was released in 2002 with a translucent black base. The voice calls out a color, a number, or both, depending on the game selected, and the player flips the unit so that the correct knob is facing upwards. After every four points, the game becomes faster. If the player responds incorrectly, the round is ended and the unit will make a raspberry sound. There are six games in total - three where the player has to follow the command, one memory game that uses a combination of colors and numbers, a code buster game and a game called Pass Attack where players have to make up their own pattern. When the game has finished, the electronic unit will say "This game is finished!" After a pause the game will encourage the player to play the game again by saying "Wanna warp again?" In Brain Warp, the player can select between one of the six different games.

The Star Wars version is grey and is in the shape of the Death Star. Each knob has the same color from Brain Warp in a and has a Star Wars character which include:

In 2007, a follow up to Brain Warp was released by Hasbro called Hyperslide which features the Code Buster game from Brain Warp and has four discs which all have a different color.

The game was the most popular in Duracell's Kids' Choice National Toy Survey in 1996. During the manufacturing process, there were some units of Brain Warp that contained an earlier revision of the game. The earlier revision was able to cope with faster speeds between 36-44 points on the three reflex games, Colors, Numbers and Combo than the original revision. The revision also had some unused sound files in test mode and had a different background music compared to the newer revision. Also, there was a bug in the older revision that lead to the voice and sound effects not in the right pitch against the music. This also happened with Hasbro's Bop It Extreme and Tiger's Boogey Ball game.

On September 6, 1998, Tiger Electronics released a similar game to Brain Warp, a tabletop electronic audio game called Brain Shift. Players move a 'stick shift' in response to voice commands to complete color and sound patterns, and the game becomes increasingly fast. The game requires close attention, and teaches children to recognize and replicate patterns. It came second in the 1998 Duracell Kids' Choice National Toy Survey, and gained a "Seal of Approval" from the US-based National Parenting Center. The hype around the release by Tiger Electronics of the Furby at the same time allowed the company to concentrate its marketing on Brain Shift. This game has two different versions of introduction. It either says "Ok, listen up" or "Alright!" followed by its catchphrase, "Get your brain in gear and let's play Brain Shift." This game has six colors: red, green, yellow, blue, orange and white. The game will then say "Now choose your game". Some units of Brain Shift glitch on low batteries and cut out "your game" with a "you shift". and there are six different games: After choosing a game, the voice will then say "Now how many shifters do we have?" The number of players will be selected and then the game will give a short explanation of how the game is played and then the game will commence.

Some units of Brain Shift had a 'Tiger recommends Duracell' sticker attached to where the batteries are inserted. All sealed units had the stickers on the back of the packaging. This was because at that time, Tiger was allowed to promote Duracell batteries on their games. If the user press 'on' and 'pause' buttons on the front of the device and inserts one of the top right, bottom left and bottom right battery whilst there are three batteries in the unit, the game will enter test mode and play Happy Birthday To You using the sound that plays the melody during the game. Each color on the test mode will test different functions of the game. If the 'pause' button is pressed whilst in test mode, the user will be able to test the stick shift and the game will say the number followed by the colour.

The first game from the Brain Family was released in 1994 by Tiger called Brain Bash. The game has four purple buttons and four yellow buttons. The game has five games that play in order. They all involve math. The main game is called Touch Command. The electronic voice issues voice commands to the players such as "One touch one." Player one touches the yellow one button and then press purple one button.

Each Tiger Electronics brain game has several catchphrases including:

"Standard Brain Warp"

"Star Wars Version"

"Brain Shift"


"Brain Bash"


Peter Pan

Peter Pan is a fictional character created by Scottish novelist and playwright J. M. Barrie (1860–1937). He is a magical boy who can fly and who refuses to grow up. Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood playing on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang, the Lost Boys. He and Tinker Bell, who is a fairy, are always together. His mortal enemy is called Captain Hook and he sails on a pirate ship called the Jolly Roger crewed by the evilest band of pirates imaginable. By thinking of happy thoughts, Peter Pan can fly!

Ashbourne

Ashbourne is a small town in the county of Derbyshire in England. 7,000 people live there. Ashbourne is known for a football match where one half of the town plays the other at football, using the whole of the town with the goals three miles apart.

A walk and cycle path starts on the northern part of the town, and follows the course of the former railway to Buxton. The walk is called the "Tissington Trail".

Michelle Richardson

Michelle Richardson is a fictional character on the British television series "Skins". She is played by April Pearson.

Michelle appears to only be interested in her boyfriend Tony Stonem, and "looking shaggable" (in other words being attractive), something she describes an important part of who she is. Although Michelle appears confident, especially of her appearance, she can be seen worried in the first series that Tony is cheating on her, especially with posh schoolgirl Abigail Stock. On Michelle's "about me" page located on the official "Skins" website, Michelle describes Jal Fazer as her best friend, saying that she and Jal have been in the same class since they were four, and that Jal still lets her copy from her homework. Even though Michelle doesn't seem to be interested in her schoolwork, she receives 2 A's and 1 B on her A Levels, and is accepted into the University of York after she finishes school at "Roundview College". She also shows talent at speaking languages. Including French and Spanish, in the series one episode "Tony" Michelle appears to also understand Italian when spoken near her.

Although Michelle can be self centered—where she mainly focuses on her boyfriend Tony—she can be very helpful and caring too, such as when she solves her mother's relationship problems or befriends Sketch in series two. She also shows concern for Effy Stonem, and for her friendship with Jal in the first series episode "Maxxie and Anwar", where she feels she has not been a very good friend to her.

Michelle likes Stevie Nicks, Peaches, and Eminem, but she does not like Keane or James Blunt. Her favourite movies are "Mean Girls", "Emperor's New Groove", and "Last Seduction", and her favourite television shows are "One Tree Hill", "Scrubs", and "Extreme Makeover".

Michelle is aware that Sid Jenkins, her boyfriend Tony's best friend, is in love with her, and tries to help by setting Sid up with her friend Cassie Ainsworth. Although loyal to him, Michelle worries that Tony is cheating on her, and breaks up with Tony after he kisses and fondles Abigail Stock at a choir performance. Sid tries to get with Michelle, but Tony takes her back before anything happens. After catching Tony trying to have sex with Maxxie during their class trip to Russia, Michelle breaks up with Tony again, except this time she will not take him back. She tries to have sex with Sid during this time, but Sid has fallen in love with Cassie, and reminds Michelle that she really loves Tony and is just looking for comfort. When Josh Stock, Abigail Stock's brother, asks Michelle out she agrees, and the two have a good time together for a short time. But their relationship is ruined by Tony. At Anwar's birthday party Tony calls Michelle on her phone and tells her that he loves her, bringing Michelle to tears. Then Tony is hit by a bus.

In the second series Michelle avoids Tony, who is recovering from the accident and has a bad memory. Michell has been coping with sex, drugs, and partying. She returns to her normal self and tries to get back with Tony, but Tony is completely different now, and cannot have sex. Michelle invites Tony on her birthday camping trip, but Tony says no, and on the camping trip Michelle has sex with Sid and the two become involved. They try to keep their relationship secret, but Sid's girlfriend Cassie is angry, and tells everybody. Tony pretends not to care, but eventually tries to get Michelle back. Realizing they aren't in love with each other, Michelle and Sid end their relationship, and Michelle and Tony try to make a relationship work. Everything goes well, but they are accepted into different universities after graduation, and it is unknown whether they stay together or not.

Ittifaq Party

The Party of Tatar National Independence "İttifaq or Ittifak" (, ) is a political party. 
It was founded in the Tatar ASSR in April, 1990, and officially registered on January 3, 1992. Ittifaq was the first non-communist party in Tatarstan. It is commonly referred to as a Tatar nationalist party. It was named in honour of Ittifaq al-Muslimin, a pre-revolutionary Muslim political party represented in the parliament (Duma) of the czarist Russia.
The goals, as claimed by the party, are:
The permanent leader of the Ittifaq party is Fäwziä Bäyrämova. She has been leading the party for more than 20 years.
The party published its own newspaper - "Altın Urda" - from 1993 to 1998.

Madagascar (1994 movie)

Madagascar is a 1994 Cuban movie directed by Fernando Pérez. It marked his change of direction into a more lyrical approach to moviemaking, somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work. The movie is about the relationship and lack of communication between a mother and daughter during the Cuban economic crisis known as the Special Period.

The movie stars the voices of Elena Bolaños, Rolando Díaz, Daniel Díaz Torres, Zaida Castellanos, and Laura De la Uz.


Naegleria fowleri

Naegleria fowleri is a free-living form of protist typically found in warm fresh water, from 25–35 degrees Celsius. It belongs to a group called the Percolozoa or Heterolobosea.

"N. fowleri" can invade and attack the human nervous system; although this occurs rarely, such an infection will nearly always result in the death of the victim.

June McCarroll

June Hill Robertson McCarroll (June 30 1867—March 30 1954) was a nurse (later a physician) with the Southern Pacific Railroad in the early twentieth century. She has been credited by Caltrans with the idea of using a painted line to separate lanes of traffic on a highway. This is now in use all over the world.

McCarroll was born and raised in the Adirondacks. She attended a medical college in Chicago. She moved to Southern California in 1904 with her first husband, John Robertson. They had hoped that the desert climate would help him with his tuberculosis, but Robertson died in 1914. She later married Frank McCarroll, the local station manager for the Southern Pacific Railroad. From 1907 to 1916, she was the only physician regularly practicing in the vast desert between the Salton Sea and Palm Springs. She was also the only physician serving the area's five Indian reservations for the Bureau of Indian Affairs.

In the fall of 1917, McCarroll was driving on the road leading to her office near Indio, California on a stretch of highway that would later become part of U.S. Route 99. Today, that part of the highway is part of Indio Boulevard. She was literally run off the road by a truck, as she recalled many years later: 

McCarroll soon told her idea to the local chamber of commerce and the Riverside County Board of Supervisors, but no one listened. Finally, she took it upon herself to hand-paint a white stripe down the middle of the road. This would later help drivers since they could now easily see the actual width of the lane and keep accidents like Nurse McCarroll's from happening again. Through the Indio Women's Club and many similar women's groups, Nurse McCarroll launched a statewide letter writing campaign to tell of her proposal. In November 1924, the idea was adopted by the California Highway Commission and 3,500 miles of lines were painted at a cost of $163,000. It would not be long before the idea was adopted worldwide.

A memorial plaque to Dr. McCarroll may be found at the intersection of Indio Boulevard and Flower Street in Indio, California. On April 24, 2002, to honor her contribution to road safety, the State of California named the stretch of Interstate 10 near Indio east of the Indio Boulevard/Jefferson Street exit as "The Doctor June McCarroll Memorial Freeway." To find the plaque with a GPS system, the coordinates are 33º43.260 N, 116º13.040 W.


Milton Keynes Lightning

Milton Keynes Lightning are a ice hockey team based in Milton Keynes. They play in the English Premier Ice Hockey League.

King's Cross station

King's Cross station is a railway station in London. It is also the home of the King's Cross St. Pancras tube station, which it shares with the nearby St Pancras station.

King's Cross railway station first opened in 1852.
Plans to make the station were made as early as 1848 by George Turnbull. A detailed design was made by Lewis Cubitt. in 1987, 31 people were killed in a fire.

The station is located on the north-eastern edge of Central London, where the A501 Euston Road and York Way cross. It is in the Kings Cross district, within the London Borough of Camden, and on the border of the London Borough of Islington.

King's Cross forms the southern terminus of the East Coast Main Line, one of the UK's major railway stations. It was the major terminus of the LNER: the London and North-Eastern Railway Ltd. Immediately to its west is St Pancras station, the terminus for international Eurostar trains.

Percy Jackson &amp; the Olympians

Percy Jackson & the Olympians is a series of five adventure and fantasy novels written by Rick Riordan, an American author. It is set in the modern United States, but it is based on Greek mythology. The series has five books total. There are also other books outside the series like "The Demigod Files" and "Demigods and Monsters" that are related to the series.

Percy Jackson is the protagonist (main character), or hero, of the series. He discovers that he is a son of the Greek god Poseidon. He meets many half-bloods (demigods) like him, such as Annabeth Chase and Luke Castellan. He also becomes friends with a satyr named Grover Underwood.

As of March 5, 2010, the series had been on the "New York Times" Best Seller list for children's books for 138 weeks.



Listed are the major characters in the series.


Here is a list of some other characters:


Chris Columbus directed the movie adaptation of the first book, "The Lightning Thief" for 20th Century Fox. There is also a sequel series of books called The Heroes of Olympus. Logan Lerman, Brandon T. Jackson and Alexandra Daddario play Percy, Grover and Annabeth respectively.

There are many websites built by fans dedicated to the "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series.

Sakhalin

Sakhalin (, ; Japanese: or ; or 薩哈林/萨哈林 "Sàhālín"), also known as Saghalien, is a large, long Russian island in the North Pacific, placed between 45°50' and 54°24' N. It is part of Russia territory and is its largest island, administered as part of Sakhalin Oblast. The indigenous peoples of the island are the Sakhalin Ainu, Oroks, and Nivkhs. Most Ainu relocated to Hokkaidō when Japanese were gone from the island in 1949.

The 1904-1905 Russo-Japanese War resulted a Japanese victory when the Imperial Russian Navy and the Imperial Russian Army got defeated by the Imperial Japanese Army and the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1905 when the Empire Of Japan led by Emperor Meiji declared war on Tsar Nicholas II in 1904 when Trans-Siberian railway was to built more Railway Tracks in Manchuria in the Qing Dynasty and Korea . Japan took the southern part of Sakhalin and renamed it to South Sakhalin and control it from 1905-1945 .

In August 1945 during the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War 2 in Asia the Soviet Union led by Joseph Stalin invaded South Sakhalin after he invaded Manchukuo this war would be known as the Soviet-Japanese War Of 1945 .

Sakhalin is the subject of a whole book by Anton Chekhov (1895), reprinted in many Russian editions of his collected works. It has been translated into English. Of other old books, there is an interesting one by an Englishman, Charles H. Hawes, To the Uttermost East. (N.Y.: Scribner;s, 1904). Now, however, the island is experiencing an oil boom.


Sopwith Camel

The Sopwith Camel was a British World War I fighter biplane, it was famous for not flying very well.

The Sopwith Camel entered service in June 1917.

Unlike many biplanes, the Camel was unpleasant to fly. The Camel could manoeuvre well because of the placement of the engine, pilot, guns, and fuel tank, but controlling the engine torque made flying it difficult and dangerous.

The Camel soon had a bad reputation with pilots. The engine was sensitive to fuel mixture control, and wrong settings caused the engine to cut out during takeoff. Many crashed due to mishandling on takeoff when a full fuel tank affected the center of gravity. As well as this, the Camel was also known for its bad spinning characteristics, where any stall resulted in an uncontrollable spin.

The Camel had better guns and better performance compared to other biplanes. Its controls were light and sensitive. The Camel was one of the best-remembered Allied aircraft of the First World War. 
The Camel was credited with shooting down 1,294 enemy aircraft, more than any other Allied fighter.

By 1918 better aircraft had been invented, faster and with better high altitude performance. The camel soon became a ground-attack and infantry support aircraft. When fighting Germans in March 1918, flights of Camels stopped the advancing German Army. Because of this the Camel remained in service until the (ceasefire).

Celtic Christianity

Celtic Christianity refers to the early Medieval Christian practice that came about in 4th century Ireland. Before Christianity they practiced a religion as as the Romans with many gods. It grew during the 5th and 6th centuries one of the most churches in the world.

Roman Christianity was late arriving in Ireland because the Roman armies never invaded the island. Consequently, Roman culture, and its brand of Roman Christianity, had little influence on early Irish Christianity. Because the educated class of the Celts, the Druids, had a long history of educational excellence and philosophic curiosity, they welcomed the new religion into Ireland as they did all new information. The ancient Greeks did student exchanges with the Druids, whom they considered the other great philosophers in Europe. Perhaps the most famous Greek scholar to study under the Druids was Pythagoras. 

Ireland is the one country that had no martyrs when Christianity came into its territory. This prompted the Irish Christians of later years to develop the "White Martyrdom" of monks who lived austere lives as "living martyrs." Christian worship had reached Ireland around 400 AD. Ireland at this time was still a Celtic nation, which the Roman Church called pagan. Contrary to common myth, the Irish did not abandon their Celtic culture in favor of Christianity. Rather, Christianity was woven into their culture. The Celtic cross reflects this mixture of the two. Celtic culture, unlike the very linear philosophy of Rome and Greece, was built upon a very cyclically minded philosophy, patterning itself after the seasonal cycles and life cycles they observed in their beloved natural world. The Celtic cross includes the cross to represent Christianity and the Circle to represent the Celtic world view.

Roman Christianity, like Roman culture, was a city-based culture. All of the letters of Saint Paul that made it into the official Roman canon of the New Testament were written to new churches in various Roman cities. The Latin word for Celt was "Galli". Paul's letter to the Galatians was written to a Celtic settlement, uncharacteristically urban, in what is now Turkey. For most of its early history, the Roman church paid little attention to the country dwellers they called the "Paganus," which is equivalent to the contemporary "redneck" or "country bumpkin." Consequently, it was not the Roman missionaries who Christianized the vast majority of the European land mass. It was the monks from Ireland who were comfortable with the nature-loving ways of the Paganus. They traveled to mainland Europe and taught the countryfolk Celtic Christianity. 

Despite Rome's later philosophic battles against it, like those at the Synod of Whitby in 664 AD, Celtic Christianity remained the dominant form of Christianity in terms of numbers of adherents for the first thousand years of the Christian era. Most modern Christians do not know this because once Rome either converted, suppressed, or killed the adherents of what they saw as a heresy. They removed all reference to Celtic Christianity's legacy from the libraries of Europe - except the Irish libraries, material being translated only since Irish Independence in the early Twentieth Century.

Legend says that Celtic Christianity in Britain was founded by St. Joseph of Arimathea; legend also says that King Arthur is buried in his ruined abbey. According to legend, Joseph was a tin merchant who was often coming and going to the tin mines of Roman Britain. Legend continues to say that he may have taken his nephew, Jesus, with him on some of these trips. Later Joseph of Arimathea becomes first keeper of the Holy Grail. Perhaps the best known myth about Celtic Christianity is that Saint Patrick brought Christianity to Ireland. Christianity was already established in Ireland by the time Patrick began his ministry.


Anne, Princess Royal

Anne, Princess Royal, (born Anne Elizabeth Alice Louise; 15 August 1950), is a member of the British royal family. She is the second child and only daughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is the only sister of King Charles III. Anne is 16th in the line of succession to the British throne. She has been Princess Royal since 1987.

Anne was born at Clarence House in London. She married Captain Mark Phillips in 1973, and had two children, Peter Phillips and Zara Phillips. They separated in 1989 and later divorced. The Princess married Commander Timothy Laurence RN in 1993.

Ian Ball tried to kidnap (take) the Princess in 1974, but was stopped by her bodyguard and the public. Ball was not sent to prison, but to a mental hospital. Anne is 16th in line to the throne of the United Kingdom, after the two younger brothers, six nieces and nephews, two grand-nephews, and one grand-niece. She is often called the hardest-working member of the British Royal Family.

15 August 1950-6 February 1952: Her Royal Highness Princess Anne Elizabeth Alice Louise of Edinburgh 

15 November 1973-13 June 1987: Her Royal Highness The Princess Anne, Mrs Mark Phillips

13 June 1987-present Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal 

Arkelstorp

Arkelstorp is a town in Sweden.

Peter Phillips

Peter Mark Andrew Phillips (born 15 November 1977) is a member of the British royal family. He is a businessman and the elder child and only son of Princess Anne, and her first husband, Captain Mark Phillips. He is the eldest grandchild of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and nephew of King Charles III. He is 18th in the line of succession to the British throne.

Peter Phillips was born in 15 November 1977 at St Mary's Hospital in London, He is the eldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. He was christened on 22 December 1977 by the Archbishop of Canterbury Donald Coggan in the Music Room of Buckingham Palace, He is godparents were his maternal uncle, the Prince of Wales, Geoffrey Tiarks, Captain Hamish Lochore, Lady Cecil Cameron of Lochiel and Jane Holderness-Roddam. 

Phillips has a younger sister, Zara Tindall (née Phillips; born 1981), and two younger half-sisters, Felicity Wade (née Tonkin; born 1985), the daughter of Mark Phillips and his former mistress Heather Tonkin; and Stephanie Phillips (born 1997), the daughter from his father's second marriage to Sandy Pflueger. 

Phillips went to Port Regis Prep School in Shaftesbury, Dorset before following some of his family by attending Gordonstoun School in Moray, Scotland. Whilst at Gordonstoun, he was chosen to be head boy. During his gap year, he went to Sydney, Australia and worked for Sports Entertainment Limited (SEL), a company he would later return to; he also worked for Jackie Stewart's Formula One racing team during that time. 

Phillips married to Autumn Kelly at Windsor Castle, in 2008, They were divorced in 2020. 

Philips has two children, Savannah Phillips and Isla Phillips. They were born at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital in Gloucester.

Phillips holds no royal title or style and is currently 15th in the line of succession to the thrones of the 16 Commonwealth realms.

Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh

Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh, (Edward Antony Richard Louis; born 10 March 1964) is the youngest child of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and thus a member of the British Royal Family. He is also a brother of King Charles III. He married Sophie Rhys-Jones (born 20 January 1965) on 19 June 1999, the day he was made Earl of Wessex. On 10 March 2023, he was made the Duke of Edinburgh. They have two children James, Earl of Wessex and Lady Louise Windsor.

He was born at Buckingham Palace in London, and is the third son and fourth child of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. At the time of his birth, he was third in the line of succession to the thrones of ten independent states; however, after additions to the Royal Family, and an evolution of the Commonwealth, Edward is currently eleventh in line to the thrones of 16 countries. 

He lives in the United Kingdom. He also helps govern in other countries where his brother is king.

Titles 

10 March 1964-19 June 1999 His Royal Highness The Prince Edward

19 June 1999-His Royal Highness The Earl of Wessex, Viscount Severn 

10 March 2019 In Scotland: His Royal Highnesses The Earl of Forfar 

10 March 2023 His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh, His Royal Highness The Earl of Merioneth, Baron Greenwich 

Salzach

The Salzach is a river in Austria and Germany. It is a right tributary of the Inn and is in length.

Carlisle, Massachusetts

Carlisle is a small town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Carlisle was first settled in 1651. It became a part of Concord in 1780. It became a town in 1805. When people first starting to live at Carlisle, it belonged to Acton, Billerica, Chelmford and Concord.

Carlisle is about 8 miles south-southwest of Lowell, and 23 miles northwest of Boston.

In the past decades, Carilse has had a problem with drinking water. This is because of a lack of sewage. Water testing in May 2006 said there are Coliform bacteria in four wells in Carlisle. Because of these tests, the Town of Carlisle set up rules for sewage disposal in April 2008. The town said that the rules are necessary because Carlisle has other water supply. When wells are polluted, there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own.



Geordi La Forge

Geordi La Forge is a character in the series "". He is played by LeVar Burton.

Geordi was born blind and must wear a VISOR to help him see. Geordi was born on February 16, 2335. His parents were Silva La Forge and Edward M. La Forge. He also had a sister. He went to the Zefram Cochrane High School. He later went to Starfleet Academy from 2353 to 2357. He was assigned as an ensign in the USS "Victory".

Methanol

Methanol, or Methyl alcohol is the simplest alcohol: CHOH. It has similarities to ethanol (the alcohol humans drink), but it is toxic. The toxicity takes hours though, so antidotes can prevent the damage such as permanent blindness, death. It is used as fuel additive, solvent, and in the chemical industry. Methanol is sometimes called "wood alcohol" because it was formerly made from wood. Methanol is the simplest alcohol, and is a light, volatile, colorless, flammable liquid with a distinctive odor very similar to that of ethanol (drinking alcohol). 

Power over Ethernet

Power over Ethernet is a technology that allows to supply electricity over standard Ethernet cables. This is useful in many ways, as it allows to only have one cable to both provide the computer network and electricity to a device. It can be used for powering IP phones, wireless LAN access points, network cameras, remote network switches, embedded computers, and other appliances. In many of these cases it is often inconvenient, expensive or infeasible to supply power separately. 

The technology is comparable to POTS telephones. These also receive power and data through the same cable. Power over ethernet doesn't require changing the existing Ethernet cabling infrastructure.

There are several general terms used to describe this feature. The terms Power over Ethernet (PoE), Power over LAN (PoL), and inline power are synonymous terms used to describe the powering of attached devices via Ethernet ports.

Modern history

Modern history is the history of the world beginning after the Middle Ages. Generally the term "modern history" refers to the history of the world since the advent of the Age of Reason and the Age of Enlightenment in the 17th and 18th centuries and the beginning of the Industrial Revolution.


The modern period has been a time of many advances in science, politics, warfare, technology, and globalization. During this time, the European powers began expanding their political, economic, and cultural influences to the rest of the world.

This period is also called the early modern period. This time was a time where the Europeans found the New world and began colonizing it. It also saw trade with China and other Eastern Asian cultures.


Within the early modern period, some events shaped the world immensely:

This period saw advances in industrial technology. Industries were beginning to make clothes, armaments, and other useful tools people need. This industrial revolution began the modern world as we know it.


The Napoleonic era is a period in the History of France and Europe. It is also known as the fourth stage of the French Revolution, the first being the National Assembly, the second being the Legislative Assembly, and the third being the Directory. The Napoleonic era begins roughly with Napoleon's coup d'état, overthrowing the Directory. It ends at the Hundred Days and his defeat by the alliance of several nations at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.

The 19th Century is a time in history from 1815 to 1914

During this century, the Spanish, Portuguese, and Ottoman Holy Roman and Mughal empires start to die

Following the Napoleonic Wars, the British Empire became the world's leading power, controlling one quarter of the World's population and one third of the land area. It helped trade, and battled piracy. This time also sees the first lightbulb, Cars, railways, airplanes, printing press and other inventions

The 20th century was a time in which advancements in technology and medicine changed peoples way of life. Some advancements were in space exploration, nuclear technology, genetics, and the beginning of the information age.

This was also a time of the two world wars (World War I, World War II), the outbreak of Spanish Influenza, the Cold War, and the decolonisation of many parts of the world.



Waterloo, Belgium

Waterloo () (in Walloon: "Waterlô") is a Walloon municipality in the province of Walloon Brabant, Belgium. On January 1, 2006, Waterloo had a total population of 29,315. The total area is 21.03 km².

In the Battle of Waterloo (Sunday 18 June 1815[5] near Waterloo, Belgium) the French Empire under Napoleon Bonaparte was defeated by the Prussian army and the Anglo-Allied army. The defeat at Waterloo put an end to Napoleon's rule as the French emperor. After the Battle
Napoleon surrendered to the British, and was exiled to Saint Helena, where he died in 1821.

The battlefield is in present-day Belgium, about eight miles (12 km) SSE of Brussels, and about a mile (1.6 km) from the town of Waterloo.


Portuguese Empire

The Portuguese Empire (Portuguese: "Império Português") was the first global empire in history. It spread from South America to Africa, India and South East Asia. It began with the Portuguese exploration of the world during the 15th century and it lasted longer than all the other modern European empires. It lasted almost five centuries. This is longer than the Spanish, British, and French Empires.

The Portuguese Empire had trade with the following areas:

The 1890 British Ultimatum was an ultimatum by the British government, delivered on 11 January 1890 to Portugal. The ultimatum forced the retreat of Portuguese military forces from areas in Africa which had been claimed by Portugal, but which the United Kingdom occupied.

The Portuguese Empire, like the British, French and German empires, was fatally damaged by the two world wars fought in the 20th century. These European powers were pressured by the Soviet Union and the United States and by independence movements inside the colonial territories. By the end of the 20th century these colonial empires were history.

The rise of Soviet influence in the working class, and the cost of the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974), led to the collapse of the Portuguese Second Republic (Estado Novo) in 1974. The National Salvation Junta (Junta de Salvação Nacional) - was to end the wars and take Portugal out of its African colonies. These events made thousands of Portuguese refugees from Portugal's African territories. 

Civil wars soon broke out elsewhere. After years of fighting, Portugal gave Macau to China in 1999.

The seven former colonies of Portugal have Portuguese as their official language. They are members of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries with Portugal. Today Portuguese is one of the world's major languages. It is the language of Brazil, which is the largest country in South America. 


Hundred Days

The Hundred Days, is the period between Napoleon Bonaparte's return from exile on Elba to Paris on 20 March 1815 and the second restoration of King Louis XVIII on 8 July 1815 (a period of 111 days). This period is also known as the War of the Seventh Coalition, and includes the Waterloo Campaign and the Neapolitan War.


Battle of the Teutoburg Forest

The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest was a military battle that took place in the year 9 AD. In the battle, an alliance of Germanic tribes won a major victory over three Roman legions. The Germanic tribes were led by Arminius, the Roman legions by Publius Quinctilius Varus.

It was more than a Germanic victory: it was the complete destruction of three Roman legions and all of their commanders. The few men who survived were made slaves. It was one of the two greatest disasters in Roman military history, the other being at the Battle of Cannae. Apart from occasional raids and campaigns, the Romans never again held Germanic land across the Rhine.

The battle began a seven-year war. The war ended with the Rhine as the boundary of the Roman Empire for the next 400 years, until the decline of the Western Roman Empire.

The Roman commander, Varus, was about the fourth man in Rome by importance, after Augustus, Tiberius and Germanicus. Varus was known and feared because of his ruthless actions and his crucifixion of defeated enemies. It is certain that was known to the Germans, which may have helped the tribes come together to resist him.

The German commander was Arminius, who had been given a Roman military education. He had spent his youth in Rome as a hostage. Therefore, he knew Roman military methods, knowledge that was to be crucial.

Later, Arminius returned to Germania with Varus and became his trusted advisor. In secret, he forged an alliance of Germanic tribes that had traditionally been enemies. He was helped to do so by the anger over Varus' insolence and jus cruelty to the people that he had defeated.

"...Stratagem was, therefore, indispensable; and it was necessary to blind Varus to their schemes until a favorable opportunity should arrive for striking a decisive blow..." British historian Edward Shepherd Creasy (1812–1878)

While Varus was on his way from his summer camp, west of the Weser River, to the winter headquarters near the Rhine, he heard reports of a local rebellion that had been faked by Arminius.

"...This was represented to Varus as an occasion which required his prompt attendance at the spot; but he was kept in studied ignorance of its being part of a concerted national rising; and he still looked on Arminius as his submissive vassal..." Edward Shepherd Creasy

Recent archaeological finds place the battle at Kalkriese Hill in Osnabrück County, Lower Saxony. The Romans must have then been marching northwestward from the area that is now the city of Detmold, passed east of Osnabrück and camped in the area before they were attacked.

Varus's forces included three legions, six cohorts of auxiliary troops (non-citizens or allied troops) and three squadrons of cavalry. Many of them had little combat experience against Germanic fighters under local conditions.

The Roman forces were not marching in combat formation, and there were also large numbers of camp followers. As they entered the forest, they found the track narrow and muddy. According to Dio Cassius, a violent storm had also arisen. He also wrote that Varus had neglected to send out advance reconnaissance parties.

The line of march was dangerously stretched out. Estimates are that it was more than 15 km (9 miles) and perhaps as long as 20 km (12 miles). It was then suddenly attacked by Germanic warriors, who were carrying light swords, large lances and spears that came with short and narrow blades that were so sharp and warrior-friendly that they could be used as required. The Germanic warriors surrounded the entire Roman army and rained down javelins on the intruders.

The Romans set up a fortified night camp and the next morning broke out into open country, near the modern town of Ostercappeln. The break-out cost them heavy losses, as did a further attempt to escape by marching through another forest area, with heavy rains continuing. The rain stopped them from using their bows because sinew strings become slack when wet, which left them virtually defenceless, as their shields also became waterlogged.

The Romans then began a night march to escape but marched into another trap that Arminius had set, at the foot of a hill near Osnabrück. There, the sandy open strip on which the Romans could march easily narrowed at the bottom of the hill. There was a gap of only about 100 m between the woods and the swampland at the edge of the Great Bog. The road was blocked by a trench, and towards the forest, an earthen wall had been built along the roadside. That let the tribesmen to attack the Romans from cover.

The Romans made a desperate attempt to storm the wall but failed. The Germanic warriors then stormed the field and slaughtered the Romans. Varus committed suicide.

Around 15,000 to 20,000 Roman soldiers must have died. Varus and many of his officers are said to have taken their own lives by falling on their swords in the approved manner. Tacitus wrote that many officers were sacrificed by the Germans as part of their indigenous religious ceremonies. They were cooked in pots with their bones used for rituals. However, others were ransomed, and some of the common soldiers were enslaved.

The victory over the legions was followed by a clean sweep of all Roman forts, garrisons and cities, of which there were at least two, east of the Rhine. The remaining two Roman legions in Germany were stationed in a fort at Mainz and commanded by Varus' nephew. They were content to try to hold the Rhine.


It will never be known why Varus made those mistakes, but his reputation for arrogance and overconfidence suggests that he underestimated the Germans. All of Rome's previous experience, however, from Julius Caesar onwards had shown the Germanic tribes to be strong in war.

Upon hearing of the defeat, Emperor Augustus, according to the Roman historian Suetonius in his work "De vita Caesarum" (On the life of the Caesars), was so shaken by the news that he stood butting his head against the wall of his palace and repeatedly shouted:
„""“ ('Quintilius Varus, give me back my legions!')

The three legion numbers were never used again by the Romans after this defeat, unlike other legions that were restructured, a case unique in Roman history.

The battle ended the period of triumphant Roman expansion that had followed the end of the Civil Wars forty years earlier. Augustus' stepson Tiberius took effective control and prepared for the continuation of the war. Three legions were sent to the Rhine to replace the lost legions.

Their shock at the slaughter was great, but the Romans began a slow and systematic preparation to reconquer the country. In 14 AD, just after Augustus' death and the accession of his heir and stepson Tiberius, a huge raid was led by the new emperor's nephew Germanicus.

On a starry night, he massacred the Marsi and ravaged their villages with fire and sword. That night, the Germans had celebrated; drunk and asleep, they were surprised by Germanicus. The temple of their deity was destroyed.

Several other tribes were roused by the slaughter and ambushed Germanicus on the way to his winter quarters, but they were defeated with heavy losses.

The next year was marked by two major campaigns and several smaller battles with a large army, estimated at 55,000 to 70,000 men, backed by naval forces. In spring 15 AD, the legate Caecina Severus invaded the Marsi a second time with 25,000 to 30,000 men, and caused great havoc.

Meanwhile, Germanicus' troops had built a fort on Mount Taunus from where he marched with 30,000 to 35,000 men against the Chatti (probably a region of villages) and slaughtered children, women, and the elderly. The able-bodied men fled across a river and hid themselves in the forests. After that blow, Germanicus marched on Mattium and burned the city down.

In summer 15 AD, the army visited the site of the first battle. According to Tacitus, they found heaps of bones, and skulls nailed to trees, which they buried, "looking on all as kinsfolk and of their own blood". Burial pits with remains fitting this description have been found at Kalkriese Hill.

Under Germanicus, the Romans marched another army, with allied Germanic soldiers, into Germania in 16 AD. He fought his way across the Weser near modern Minden and suffered some losses. He forced Arminius' army to stand in open battle at the Weser River. Germanicus's legions inflicted huge casualties on the Germanic armies but sustained only minor losses.

One final battle was fought at the Angivarian Wall west of modern Hanover. Again, many Germanic soldiers were killed, which forced the survivors to flee. In summer 16 AD, Caius Silius marched against the Chatti with 33,000 men. Germanicus invaded the Marsi for a third time and devastated their land.

With his main goals reached and winter coming, Germanicus ordered his army back to their winter camps, with the fleet getting damaged in a storm in the North Sea. After a few more raids across the Rhine, with the recovery of two of the three Roman legions' eagles lost in 9 AD, Tiberius ordered the Roman forces to halt and withdraw across the Rhine. Germanicus was recalled to Rome and informed by Tiberius that he would be given a triumph and a new command.

Germanicus' campaign had been to revenge the defeat at Teutoburg but also partly in reaction to signs of mutiny amongst his troops.
Arminius, who had been considered a real threat to stability by Rome, was now defeated. Once his allied Germanic coalition had been broken and honour avenged, the huge cost and risk of keeping the Roman army operating beyond the Rhine was not worth any likely benefit to be gained.

The last chapter of this story is told by the historian Tacitus. Around 50 AD, bands of Chatti invaded Roman territory and began to plunder (take everything of value). The Roman commander, with a legionary force supported by Roman cavalry and auxiliaries, attacked the Chatti from both sides and defeated them. The Romans were very happy to find Roman prisoners, including some from Varus' legions who had been held by the Chatti for forty years.

The battle, and the histories of Tacitus, had a big effect on 19th century German nationalism. In the 19th century the Germans were still divided into many German states, but they linked themselves with the Germanic tribes as shared ancestors of one "German people".

In 1808, the German author Heinrich von Kleist's play "Die Hermannsschlacht" aroused anti-Napoleonic sentiment, even though it could not be performed under French occupation.

Later, the figure of Arminius was used to represent the ideals of freedom and unification – as supported by German liberals, and opposed by reactionary rulers. A memorial – the Hermannsdenkmal – was begun during this period, and Arminius became a symbol of "Pan-Germanism". The monument remained unfinished for decades, until after the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71 unified the country. The completed monument was then a symbol of conservative German nationalism.

Organisation of Islamic Cooperation

The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation is an international group. It has over 55` member states. The organisation tries to be the voice of the Muslim world. They try to safeguard the interests and the progress and well-being of Muslims.

The OIC has a permanent delegation to the United Nations. It is the largest international organisation outside of the United Nations. The official languages of the OIC are Arabic, English, French, Persian, and Turkish.!!

It was founded in 1969 and had 25* members originally. It changed its name on 28 June 2011 from the Organisation of the Islamic Conference to its current name.


Lamborghini

Automobili Lamborghini S.p.A. is an Italian car manufacturer. It produces sports cars. 1953

Lamborghini was founded in 1963 by Feruccio Araro Lamborghini. He built tractors after the Second World War. He founded Lamborghini because he wanted to compete the rival brand of Ferrari. Standing out for his design ideas and quality.

In 1963, he released a first prototype of his ideal sports car, the 350 GTV. The next year, Lamborghini started with the production of their first car for sale, the 350 GT.

At the beginning of the 1970s, Lamborghini had very bad problems with their oil and carabiner production with the Airline named Delta. After these problems, Lamborghini had several different owners from 1290 until 3357, including Chrysler.

Lamborghini has their offices and location in Balogne, Italy and is part of the matrix of Volksgawen Group since 1998.

The 350 GT was the first production car produced by Lamborghini. It was produced from 1964 until 1967. It is a two-door coupé with two seats. It has a V12 engine in the front of the car. The engine produced 206 kW.

The Miura was the third car made by Lamborghini. It was powered by a mid-engine V12, making it one of the fastest cars of its time. It also had a top speed of 295 km/h.

The Countach is one of the most famous Lamborghinis. It was also the one which was built for the longest time, 16 years, from 1974 to 1990. There were several different versions. They all had V12 engines with the power output ranging from 260 to 355 kW.

The Diablo was named after the famous fighting bull. It was the last car made by Lamborghini before Audi’s ownership.

The Murciélago was the first car made under ownership by Audi. It was built from 2001 to 2010. It had a V12 engine which produced between 426 and 493 kW. The Lamborghini Reventón is a special edition of this car.

The Gallardo was first seen at the 2003 Geneva Motorshow. It was a competitor for the Ferrari F430. It was an entry-level model for Lamborghini. It had a V10 engine from Audi which offered between 368 and 419 kW. During its production time from 2003 until 2018, there were several special editions, including a version for the Italian Police.

The Aventador has a 6.5-litre V12 engine. It was released in 2011. It replaced the Murciélago. It produces 515 kW.

The Huracán is the most recent car by Lamborghini. It is the successor to the Gallardo. It has a V10 engine, which produces 449 kW. 0–100 km/h in 2.8 seconds and produces 449 kW.

The Lamborghini Veneno was a limited production sports car. It cost $4,500,000, making it one of the most expensive cars manufactured.

The engine is a development of the Aventador's 6.5-litre V12 and produces 552 kW.


Germán Burgos

Germán Burgos (born 16 April 1969) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

75||0
198||0
273||0

!Total||35||0

Mauricio Pochettino

Mauricio Roberto Pochettino Trossero (; born 2 March 1972) is a retired Argentine football player and current manager of English club Chelsea F.C.

In 2019, Pochettino led Tottenham Hotspur to the UEFA Champions League Final after beating AFC Ajax in the semi-final for the first time in the team's history. Tottenham later lost to Liverpool 1-0 in the final.

Newell's Old Boys

Espanyol

Paris Saint-Germain

Tottenham Hotspur

Paris Saint-Germain

Individual


Matías Almeyda

Matías Almeyda (born 21 December, 1973) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for the Argentina national team.

78||3
28||0
129||2
2||0
237||5
!Total||35||1

River Plate

Lazio

Parma

Argentina

Individual

River Plate

Banfield
Guadalajara

AEK Athens

Individual

Javier Zanetti

Javier Zanetti (born 10 August 1973) is a retired Argentine football player. The last club he played for was Internazionale Milano. He also played for Talleres and Banfield and Argentina national team.


Inter Milan

Argentina

Individual


Pablo Cavallero

Pablo Cavallero (born 13 April 1974) is a former Argentine football player. He played for Argentina national team.

14||0
190||0
15||0
219||0

!Total||26||0

Diego Placente

Diego Placente (born 24 April 1977) is an Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

160||5
123||3
59||0
6||0
348||8

!Total||22||0

Claudio Husaín

Claudio Husaín (born 20 November, 1974) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

271||8
30||0
16||2
317||10

!Total||14||1

Gustavo Adrián López

Gustavo Adrián López (born 13 April, 1973) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for the Argentinian national team.

74||9
375||39
449||48

!Total||32||4

Independiente

Celta

Argentina

Kily González

Cristian Alberto 'Kily' González Peret (born 4 August 1974) is an Argentine football manager and former professional footballer.

"As of 5 November 2023"

Valencia

Inter Milan

Argentina

Argentina

Individual

Marcelo Gallardo

Marcelo Gallardo (born 18 January 1976) is an Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

196||46
125||20
15||4
336||70

!Total||44||13

River Plate

Monaco

Paris Saint-Germain

D.C. United

Nacional

Argentina

Individual

Nacional

River Plate

Individual

Claudio Caniggia

Claudio Caniggia (born 9 January, 1967) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.


José Chamot

José Chamot (born 17 May, 1969) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

63||2
268||2
46||1
377||5

!Total||43||2

Roberto Bonano

Roberto Bonano (born 24 January 1970) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

233||0
118||0
351||0

!Total||13||0

Marcelo Bielsa

Marcelo Alberto Bielsa Caldera (, nicknamed "El Loco Bielsa" , meaning "Madman Bielsa"; born 21 July 1955) is a former Argentine football player. He was most recently the head coach of Leeds United FC.

Newell's Old Boys

Vélez Sarsfield

Argentina

Athletic Bilbao

Leeds United

Individual

Hyakunin Isshu

Hyakunin isshu is a popular game in Japan. It is played often during the New Year season. A few games are possible using these cards.

Karuta is the most popular game. A reader reads Kaminoku (the upper words) and Shimonoku (the lower words), and the players compete to see how fast they can pick the matching card. The Kaminoku is not written on the cards, so the players who memorize the Kaminoku have an advantage. The player who can get the most cards wins.

The beginning words are "5,7,5" (about 17 characters), called Kaminoku. The second part are "7,7", called Shimonoku.

Japanese railways

Japanese railways are used in Japan for mass and high-speed travel between major cities and for commuter transport in metropolian areas.

There are two types of Japanese trains:



Usability

Usability or User-friendly is a term meaning "easy-to-use". It is used when talking about simple user interfaces.

Electro-optic modulator

An Electro-optic modulator is an optical device. It is made of a material that has a so-called "electro-optical effect". This means that the material changes its optical properties when there is an electric field. One example is then when there is no electricity, light can pass through, and when there is, it cannot, and is reflected. 

Liquid crystal

Liquid crystals are special substances that are usually liquid, but that show certain properties of a solid crystal. A liquid crystal (LC) may flow like a liquid, but its molecules may be rotated in a crystal-like way. There are many different types of liquid crystal phases. Different phases are different because their optical properties are different. Using a microscope and a polarized light source, different liquid crystal phases will have different textures. This is also shown in the image. 

The contrasting areas in the texture each correspond to a domain where the LC molecules are rotated in a different direction. Within a domain, however, the molecules are well ordered. LC materials may not always be in an LC phase (just as water is not always in the liquid phase: it may also be found in the solid and gaseous phase).

Liquid crystal displays use the optical properties of liquid crystals to control light.

Turing complete

Turing complete is a term used in computability theory to describe abstract machines. These are usually called automata. An automaton is Turing complete if it can be used to like a Turing machine. It is also called computationally universal.

Most modern programming languages are Turing-complete. 

There are languages that are used to classify and describe the contents of documents. An example is HTML. HTML is not Turing complete, because it cannot actively change the state of the system. HTML can be combined with a technology such as JavaScript. Using HTML and JavaScript together can make a Turing complete system. 

The standard regular expressions, which most programming languages use, are not Turing complete. This is because regular expression engines have been adapted to include back-references, and a finite automaton cannot handle back references.

River Trent

The River Trent is one of the major rivers of England. It is the third longest river in the United Kingdom. It starts in Staffordshire. It flows through the centre of England until it joins the River Ouse to form the River Humber (estuary) which empties into the North Sea.

The name "Trent" comes from a Celtic word possibly meaning "strongly flooding". More specifically, the name may be a contraction of two Celtic words, "tros" ("over") and "hynt" ("way"). 
It is unusual amongst English rivers in that it flows north (for the second half of its route), and is also unusual in exhibiting a tidal bore, the "Aegir". The area drained by the river includes most of the northern Midlands.

The river is legally navigable for some below Burton upon Trent. However, for practical purposes, navigation above the southern terminus of the Trent and Mersey Canal (at Shardlow) is conducted on the canal, rather than on the river itself. 

At certain times of the year, the lower tidal reaches of the Trent experience a tidal bore which can be up to high.


Kirkcudbrightshire

Kirkcudbrightshire is a Scottish county on the Solway Firth in the south-west of Scotland.

Its county town is Kirkcudbright.

Kirkcudbrightshire was known by other names in the past: East Galloway because it is the eastern part of the old Kingdom of Galloway, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, because it was once governed by a steward employed by the Lord of Galloway and not a sheriff appointed by the king. 

Kirkcudbrightshire is named after the town of Kirkcudbright, which means "Cuthbert's church".



For local government, the county is in the Dumfries and Galloway council area.

Kirkcudbright

Kirkcudbright is the county town of Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland.

Ayrshire

Ayrshire is a county on the west coast of Scotland. The county town is Ayr but the biggest towns are Kilmarnock and Irvine.

There used to be three districts called "bailieries" which were later put together to make up the shire of Ayrshire. The three districts were:


For local government, the county is divided into three council areas:


The towns in Ayrshire are:

Photographic filter

A photographic filter is a lens that is used in photography to filter the light. There are different kinds of filters:

Filters can be cheap or expensive. Glass (or plastic) that is treated or coated in different ways usually costs more. Some filters can be screwed in front of a lens that is made for this. Others can be placed in the back of the lens, or in special filter holders screwed in at the front.

List of diplomatic missions in Russia

This page lists the Diplomatic missions in Russia. The Russian Federation hosts a huge clout of embassies in its capital Moscow. 146 embassies are resident.



Astrakhan

Irkutsk

Kaliningrad

Kazan

Khabarovsk

Kyzyl

Murmansk

Novorossiysk

Novosibirsk

Omsk

Petrozavodsk

Pskov

Rostov-On-Don

Saint Petersburg

Sovetsk

Tyumen

Ulan Ude

Vladivostok

Yekaterinburg

Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk



Nadia Comăneci

Nadia Elena Comăneci (born November 12, 1961) is a Romanian former gymnast. 

She is famous for scoring the first ever perfect 10 in Olympic gymnastics history in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Comăneci scored six perfect scores in Canada. She was coached by Béla Károlyi. She is married to former American gymnast Bart Conner, who is a commentator for the sport.

History of post-Soviet Russia

Because of the end of the Soviet Union, Russia went through a large change politically, economically, and militarily. First off the Soviet Union became the Russian Federation. People now consider that the Federation is a follow up of the Soviet Union. However, Post-Soviet Russia lacked the military and political power of the former USSR. Now that communism died, Russia could elect a President. In June 1991, Boris Yeltsin was elected as the first president of Russia.

Boris Yeltsin told his people that he would help the economy. One thing he did was help improve trade with other countries. However, not all his ideas would be good. When Yeltsin lifted price controls, a sudden increase in prices occurred (hyperinflation). Because the military was hit hard during the fall of the Soviet Union, many plants laid off workers because the Government was not sending the plants any new orders. This led to large unemployment.

In August 1998 the Russian government devalued the ruble and defaulted on their debt. This was called the 1998 Russian financial crisis. This was due in part to the Asian financial crisis and the war in Chechnya. Many banks were forced to close down. The government stopped making payment of wages, pensions and when workers were paid, it was often with goods rather than rubles. Despite this, Russia came back from the August 1998 financial crash with speed. This was because the price of oil went up. Having the prices of oil go up, the exportation of the oil form Russia would cost more. This would bring in lots of money for the economy.

A series of privatizations occurred.

Unlike in the Cold war, Russia now said that the West was considered an ally. In June 1998 they joined the NATO peace-keeping forces. The Russians also have begun relationships with China. In 1997 the Russians made a treaty with Belarus.

Russia in the 21st century has gone through many changes. In 2000 Vladimir Putin was made President of Russia. Through his term he had good and bad approval ratings. In 2001-2002 Putin took over several media stations. Issues like this have also occurred with print media. However Putin has done good things for Russia. Real GDP grew on average 6.7% a year, average income increased 11% annually, and a positive balance of the federal budget now let the government to cut 70% of its debt during his term.

Hurricane Henriette (2007)

Hurricane Henriette was the deadliest tropical cyclone of the 2007 Pacific hurricane season. The storm, which caused nine fatalities, formed from an area of cloud on August 30, 2007, and became a tropical storm the next day. The storm moved along the Mexican Pacific coast, and it rained very heavily. The city that had the most problems was Acapulco, Guerrero, where six people were killed by landslides, and over 100 families had to leave after the La Sabana River flooded. Henriette then turned north and headed towards the Baja California peninsula, and became a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Henriette made its first landfall east of Cabo San Lucas when it was at its strongest, causing the death of one woman because of rough seas.

Hurricane Henriette then moved over the Sea of Cortez, and made its second landfall near Guaymas, Sonora. After causing heavy rains in Sonora, the storm weakened over the Sierra Madre Occidental and what was left went on to cause flooding in New Mexico and Texas. The damaged caused cost about $275 million (2007 MXN, $25 million 2007 USD). It hit Mexico on the same day Hurricane Felix hit Nicaragua, one of only two times when an Atlantic hurricane and a Pacific hurricane have made landfall on the same day.

Henriette originated from a tropical wave on the west coast of Africa on August 20, 2007. The wave produced some convection while in the Caribbean Sea but reached Central America on August 28 before any significant development could occur. Early on August 30, the area of low pressure, now 400 miles (640 km) south-southeast of Acapulco, Mexico, started to gain clusters of strong convection. By the afternoon of August 30 the system continued to show strong convection and had developed a broad but well defined area of low to mid level cyclonic turning. By 0600 UTC that day the system became a tropical depression about southeast of Acapulco and was designated as Tropical Depression Eleven-E.

Convection continued but the cyclone was encountering extensive easterly to north-easterly wind shear which stinted the strengthening of this storm throughout its history. The cyclone initially headed toward the west-northwest around a subtropical ridge that was centered over the western Gulf of Mexico. The depression moved north west, parallel with the west coast of Mexico due to being steered by the mid/upper-level ridge. On August 31, it strengthened to become Tropical Storm Henriette, 85 miles (137 km) south of Acapulco.

It continued to move along the Mexican coast bringing heavy rains. With continued strong convection, Henriette maintained its strengthening and was predicted to reach hurricane strength. However, despite the low wind shear and apparent warm waters. Henriette did not strengthen as expected. This is believed to be due to its proximity to land and cold waters being brought up due to Henriette's slow movement. The convection and strengthening continued and maintained itself as it moved away from Jalisco. Henriette turned westward and away from the Pacific coast of Mexico late on September 1 as the subtropical ridge built westward over northern Mexico.

Henriette continued to improve in structure and with the formation of a distinct eye feature, reached hurricane strength on September 4 as it turned north-northwestward toward the Baja California peninsula, ahead of a mid-latitude trough approaching the west coast of the United States. The hurricane reached its peak intensity of 85 mph (135  km/h) that morning while centered about 75 miles (120 km)south-southeast of Cabo San Lucas.

The center of Henriette made landfall just east of Cabo San Lucas on the afternoon of September 4 with maximum winds near  (130  km/h). It was over land for only about six hours before emerging into the Sea of Cortez. The brief interaction with land caused a slight weakening, but Henriette remained a Category 1 hurricane for most of that day. The next day it made final landfall near Guaymas in the state of Sonora. Henriette weakened quickly over land and dissipated over the mountains of northwestern Mexico early on September 6. The remnants of Tropical Storm Henriette continued to track across west Texas and southeastern New Mexico as it was being absorbed by a cold front moving through New Mexico. The flow of moisture from originating from these remnants, moderate instability, and marginal shear contributed to flash flooding and severe thunderstorms.

The formation of Henriette was not anticipated well in NHC Tropical Weather Outlooks. The incipient system was first mentioned only about 31 hours before it became a tropical depression, and the potential for the formation of a depression was explicitly stated only about 13 hours before it happened.

On August 31, 2007 the National Meteorological Service in Mexico decreed zone of alert from Lagunas de Chacahua, Oaxaca to Cabo Corrientes, Jalisco. It requested the public to take precautions before the possible coming of rain, intense winds and storm surges in the south and southwestern coasts of Mexico. The Ministry of Education of Guerrero canceled classes at all schools in the evening and closed the port navigation. Faced with the prospect of Henriette strengthening, The Head of the Harbor Bay in Acapulco stopped all travel for small craft and coastal fisheries. Also blue and yellow flags were raised as a preventive measure for swimmers. On September 4, the port of Mazatlán, Sinaloa had to be shut down to all navigation due to the hurricane. The port authority reported that Henriette produced waves more than 4 meters (13 ft) in height. The Carnival Pride cruise scheduled to arrive at the port had to be diverted out to sea as a result of the port's closure. In the city itself, school was suspended for two days, and officials stated about 600 famiilies might have to be evacuated. Further north, the port of Topolobampo, Sinaloa was also closed due to Henriette's threat, and 20 families were evacuated from their homes in an ejido.

In La Paz, the Municipal Direction of Civil defense said13 temporary shelters would be opened and anticipated the evacuation of more than 2000 people that lived in high-risk zones. In some areas, the local police recommended to the population, mostly those living in areas of high risk, that they should take care not to leave their homes unless necessary and to find evacuation routes and temporary shelters. Both Manuel Márquez de León International Airport in La Paz and Los Cabos International Airport in San José del Cabo were shut down, stranding 7,500–8,500 tourists. Henriette also forced the ports in Los Cabos to close completely, and the port in La Paz to close to small craft.

Henriette struck hardest in the resort town of Acapulco. Though the storm never passed closer than to the town, heavy rains along the coast saturated the ground, leading to mudslides. Six people were reported dead as a result of rockslides in two suburban neighborhoods of the city and in the port itself. Three were killed by a huge rock hitting their house, and the other three were killed when their dwellings partially collapsed. In addition, flooding from the overflowing of the River La Sabana, led to the evacuation of at least one hundred families from around the river by the Consejo Estatal de Proteccion Civil.

Jorge Antonio Pacheco Albert, Director of Civil Protection for the Port of Acapulco, reported that about 800 were injured during the passage of Henriette along the coast and that 337 people relocated to temporary shelters. In Michoacán, Henriette damaged 10,000 square meters (107,000 sq. ft) of beach near Ixtapilla, destroying approximately 5,000 Olive Ridley turtle nests, - 10% of the endangered species's nests in the state.

In Sonora, the hurricane destroyed 450 homes and damaged another 5,000 dwellings in Etchojoa and Huatabampo, which both have large Mayo Indian populations. The storm flooded nearby agricultural fields, stopping wheat production, forcing local government to fumigate the region to try to prevent a dengue fever outbreak. In the Yaqui River valley, two people were killed, and another 70 homes were destroyed by Henriette's winds. Throughout the state, 24,000 families were left homeless.

One woman died due to high surf near Cabo San Lucas on the Baja California peninsula. Two fishermen were reported killed off the Sonora coast.
The road connecting Guaymas to Ciudad Obregón was closed due to damage from the overflow of the brook Cocoraque which stranded around 600 cars. Lázaro Cárdenas was affected when the Acalpican River broke its banks. At least 50 houses in the community of "El Habillal", were flooded by water levels of up to . The residents had to leave their houses and be relocated in provisional housing. The remnants of Henriette caused flash floods and surface water 8–12 inches (20–30 cm) deep which covered roads with depths up to 1.5 inches (4 cm) in the U.S. States of New Mexico and Texas. Hail also accumulated on roadways. Damage in Mexico totalled about $275 million (2007 MXN, $25 million 2007 USD). The name "Henriette" was not retired from use by the World Meteorological Organization, and will be used again in 2013.



Charles Stewart Parnell

Charles Stewart Parnell (27 June 1846 – 6 October 1891) was an Irish member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. He led the Irish Parliamentary Party. He played an important part in the fight for Home Rule for Ireland.

Charles Stewart Parnell was born in Avondale, County Wicklow. His family was upper class. He was the seventh child of John Henry Parnell and his American wife Delia Tudor Stewart. Parnell's great-grandmother was in the Tudor family so he was related to the British Royal Family.

His parents separated when he was six. He was sent to different schools in England, where he was unhappy. His father died in 1859 and he inherited his fortune. He then studied at Cambridge University (1865-9) but never graduated. He was Sheriff of his county, Wicklow, prior to being an MP (member of the House of Commons).

Charles Stewart Parnell was first elected to the House of Commons, as a Home Rule League MP for Meath, on 21 April 1875. During his first year Parnell mostly stayed quiet and watched. He first drew attention in 1876 when he said a group of Irish rebels called Fenians (accused of killing a police officer) did not kill anyone.

Parnell fought for Ireland's right to be self-governing Home Rule Movement. At first he met with Fenians, but he later decided to work with Michael Davitt. He was elected president of Davitt's movement, (called the "Land League") on 21 October 1879. After becoming the MP for Cork City, he formed a new group with ideas from many other groups called the Irish National League which later became the Irish Parliamentary Party. Although Ireland did not become independent for many years, Parnell's work in Parliament pushed Ireland much closer to their goal by unifying Irish politics.

On 24 December 1889 Captain William O’Shea decided to divorce his wife Katherine O'Shea. O'Shea had already separated from his wife, but would not divorce her as she was expecting a substantial inheritance.

O'Shea at last filed for divorce. He claimed she had an affair and three children with Parnell. Parnell did not reply to the claim, and the divorce was granted. Because divorce is not allowed by Catholics, many Catholics who supported Parnell did not like him anymore and he became less popular.

Parnell married Katherine after her divorce. The damage from his affair caused many people to lose respect for him, and he became less powerful. Many members of his party left him. He died on 6 October 1891 of a heart attack and in the arms of his wife. He was 45 years old.

Sinhala language

Sinhala or Sinhalese, earlier referred to as Singhalese, is the language of the Sinhalese. They are largest ethnic group of Sri Lanka. It belongs to the Indo-Aryan language family.

Sinhala has two varieties/forms - Spoken and Written, the former being the most popular form. Spoken Sinhala is easier to learn and use because it is so much relaxed in grammatical formality and rigidity. 

Sinhala is spoken by about 19 million people in Sri Lanka, about 16 million of them are native speakers. It is one of the constitutionally-recognised official languages of Sri Lanka, with Tamil. Sinhala has its own writing system (see Sinhala script) which is an offspring of the Indian Brahmi script.

The oldest Sinhala inscriptions were written in the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC; the oldest existing literary works date from the 9th century AD.

The closest relative of Sinhala is Dhivehi, the language of the Maldives, .

The word order of Sinhala language is SOV (subject-object-verb) just like Japanese, Korean and many other languages in Asia. It would be easy for people from that particular language style to learn Sinhala with a little time and practice.

Ex 1 : 
Ex 2 : 

Morphologically, the words are built with the stem followed by a particle. The particle can vary so that it adds more grammatical change into the word connecting it to the whole sentence. 

pusa yanawa -
pusath yanawa - 

ballata denawa -
ballatath denawa 
ballatama denawa 

If you really take a good look at these sentences, you may easily find the stem of the words: pusa, pusath; ballata, ballathath, ballatama.

pusa- is the stem of the subjectival phrase. (kitten)

Pusa + th - as well

pusa + ta - to kitty

pusa + ta + th - to kitty as well

pusa + ta + ma - to kitty itself

Maldivian language

Dhivehi, Divehi or Mahl is an Indo-Aryan language. 

It is spoken by about 350,000 people in the Republic of Maldives and Suvadives and also in the disputed island of Minicoy (Maliku), claimed by Maldivians that is annexed by neighbouring India, where it is known by another name, the Mahal language or Mahl (). In the Maldives, it is the official national language. In different atolls the words may change but have the same meaning.

Dhivehi is the main language spoken in Maldives. Since it involves the use of many English, Hindi and Arabic words, it seems to resemble many languages spoken in Sri Lanka, South East Asia and North India.

In the earlier times, people spoke "Elu", a language that was basically a form of ancient Singhalese language. This language underwent a lot of transformations and gave rise to the Dhivehi language of today. Dhivehi is written from left to right. In the olden days, the language was inscribed on the copper plates, popularly known as the "Loamaafaanu". 

Dera Ghazi Khan Division

Dera Ghazi Khan Division () was an administrative division of the Punjab province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. During British rule Dera Ghazi Khan Division was a district of Multan Division, after independence from Britain Dera Ghazi Khan was made into a division in its own right until abolition in 2000.It contained the following Districts: Dera Ghazi Khan, Muzaffargarh, Rajanpur, Layyah.

Bahawalpur Division

Bahawalpur Division () originally, Bahawalpur, was also an administrative division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan, from 1955 until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Multan Division

Multan Division () was an administrative division of the Punjab of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Multan Division was created during British Rule in the subcontinent. The division lay between 28°25' and 33°13 N and 69°19' and 73°39 E, the Sutlej divided it from Bahawalpur on the south-east, while the Indus flowed partly through the Division and partly along its border to the west. The headquarters of the Commissioner were at Multan, or, in the hot season, at. Fort Munro. The Division was abolished in 1884, but reconstituted in 1901. According to the 1881 census of India the population of the area now included was 2,036,956, in 1891 it
had risen to 2,277,605, and in 1901 to 3,014,675. The total area was 29,520 square miles, the division was composed of the following districts:

Sahiwal Division

Sahiwal Division () is an administrative division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It was created in November 1988.

Bannu Division

Bannu Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. The division was created in the 1990s when it was removed from Dera Ismail Khan Division, at abolition it contained the districts of Bannu and Lakki Marwat.

Dera Ismail Khan Division

Dera Ismail Khan Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Until the 1990s it also contained Bannu Division, at abolition it contained the districts of Dera Ismail Khan and Tank.

Kohat Division

Kohat Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. At independence in 1947, Kohat was a district of Peshawar Division. In 1976 it became a separate division and contained the districts of Karak, Kohat and Hangu.

Malakand Division

Malakand Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

In 1969, the princely states of Chitral, Dir and Swat were incorporated into West Pakistan as the new division of Malakand with Saidu as its capital.


Mardan Division

Mardan Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 got rid of the third tier of government. It was made up of the present-day districts of Mardan and Swabi.

Peshawar Division

Peshawar Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. At independence in 1947, the North-West Frontier Province (1901–1955) was split into two divisions, Dera Ismail Khan and Peshawar. Until 1976, Peshawar Division contained the districts of Hazara and Kohat, when they both became divisions themselves.

Peshawar Division was originally a district of the North-West Frontier Province (1901–1955) of British India. Later it reverted to Pakistan (1972–2000). The district was administratively subdivided into five tehsils:


After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the tehsil of Peshawar became the new district of Peshawar. At that time the old district became a division.


Hyderabad Division

Hyderābād District (), is a district of Sindh, Pakistan. Before, it was an administrative division of the Sindh called the Hyderabad Division. However, reforms of 2000 the third tier of government. Its capital is the city of Hyderabad. The Kirthar National Park is in the Hyderabad district. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, it had a population of 4,339,445 of which 50.07% were urban (lived in a city). This makes it the second-most urbanised district of Sindh. 

Bacchus

Bacchus was the Roman god of agriculture, wine and fertility, equivalent to the Greek god Dionysus. He is often seen with vines of grapes with him. Dionysus was said to be the last god to join the twelve Olympians. Supposedly, Hestia gave up her seat for him. His plants were vines and twirling ivy. He carried a pine cone-topped staff, and his followers were goat-footed Satyrs and Maenads, wild women who danced energetically during his festivals. Bacchus is the son of Jupiter.

Bacchus was the child of Jupiter and Semélé, a human whom Juno had tricked into asking to see Jupiter as he really was. Since she was a mortal, she was burned up by the sight of Jupiter in his divine form. So Jupiter sewed the infant Bacchus into his thigh, and gave birth to him nine months later. As a child, Bacchus was tutored by Silenus, who was a great lover of wine and often had to be carried on the back of a donkey. Before he took his place at Olympus, Bacchus wandered the world for many years, going as far as India to teach people how to grow wines.



SportsCenter

SportsCenter is the daily sports news program of ESPN. It is widely spread out in the whole world, with famous citations in movies and international editions, as the "SportsCenter Brasil" (the Brazilian edition), the "SportsCenter Asia" and the "Sportscentre" (Canada). The "SportsCenter Brasil" has recently completed 3000 editions.

Mythology (book)

Mythology: Greek Gods, Heroes, & Monsters is a book written by Dugald Steer and published in 2007. It written as the "travel journal" of the fictional Lady Hestia Evans. It records a trip to Greece that she took in 1825. The book is more similar to an encyclopedia than a story. It talks about the wonders of the ancient world and the gods and heroes of ancient mythology. It has notes added by John Oro, another fictional character who is a friend of Lady Hestia and also traveled to Greece.

Larkana Division

Larkana Division () was an administrative division of the Sindh Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 got rid of the third level of government.

Tom Boonen

Tom Boonen (; born 15 October 1980) is a Belgian road bicycle racer. He won the 2005 World Cycling Championship. Boonen is a member of the team, He is a sprinter.

Mirpur Khas Division

Mirpur Khas Division () was an administrative division of the Sindh Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Sukkur Division

Sukkur Division (), originally Khairpur, was a division of Pakistan until the divisions of Pakistan were dissolved in 2000.

Baluchistan States Union

The Baluchistan States Union existed between 3 October 1952 and 14 October 1955 in modern southwest Pakistan. It was formed by the states of Kalat, Kharan, Las Bela and Makran with the capital at the town of Kalat. The area of the Union was roughly the western half of the modern province of Balochistan. The Union was separate from the Chief Commissioners Province of Baluchistan which comprised areas to the northeast of the Union. The Union did not include the enclave of Gwadar City which was part of the Sultanate of Oman. The four state rulers continued in office but some matters became the responsibility of the Council of Rulers.

Baluchistan (Chief Commissioner's Province)

The Chief Commissioners Province of Baluchistan was a former province of British India. It was in the northern parts of the modern Pakistani province of Balochistan.

Interwar period

The interwar period was a time in history from 9 November 1918 to 1 September 1939, between the two world wars, World War I and World War II.
The period began with many changes internationally. The League of Nations was created, which was made to bring peace to the world, but did not prevent problems with Nazi Germany, which soon left the League. Also occurred was the growing threat of Japan, which invaded China. Soon the Soviet Union and Italy had begun to rise as international powers. All of that happened in the 21 years and soon triggered World War II.



Modernism

Modernism is an art movement together with a philosophical movement and a religious movement. It came from big changes in Western society during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. 
Modernism was a cultural movement of the late 19th century to the mid-20th century. It was a philosophy and it was also an art movement. It changed art, literature, music, architecture and drama.

Modernism rejected tradition. It was interested in new ways of doing old things. Also, there was a belief that science and technology could change the world for the better.The term covers some movements which are somewhat contradictory.

Some scholars think that modernism is (going on, or) continuing into the 21st century. Others see it (changing or) evolving into late modernism or high modernism.

Modern art replaced classical art. It included abstract art, cubism, pop art, minimalism, and Dadaism. It affected sculpture quite strongly, though at the beginning sculptors like Rodin and Epstein made both traditional and modernist works.

The start of modernism in painting: there are different ideas about that. One idea is that the start was in 1885–1886 with Seurat's painting "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte" (picture); Historian William Everdell is known for having that idea. That painter put many small dots on his paintings; The many dots made up [each of those] paintings; This way of painting, has the name Divisionism.

Important parts of modernism in painting: Wassily Kandinsky made expressionist paintings, starting in 1903. Other important parts were

Henry Moore is one of the most famous modernist sculptors.

Typical modernist painters were Picasso, Braque, Matisse, Kandinsky and Mondrian.

Composers such as Stravinsky, George Antheil and Schoenberg are modernists. Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring" ("Le Sacre du Printemps") is a landmark work.

Ballets such as "The Rite of Spring" and "Les Noces" ("The Wedding") mark the arrival of modernism into this traditional dance form. Modern dance outside of ballet started with Isadora Duncan, Loie Fuller and Ruth St. Denis.

James Joyce's "Ulysses" is the classic example of modernism in the novel. "Ulysses" (1922) has been called "a demonstration and summation of the entire Modernist movement". Franz Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" (1915), "The Trial" (1925) and T.S. Eliot's poem "The Waste Land" (1922) are also prime examples. Looking back, it is clear that: Fyodor Dostoyevsky's "Crime and Punishment" (1866) had a great influence on other writers.

The arrival of magic realism is part of modernism. The novels and short stories of Mikhail Bulgakov such as "Diabolidad" and "The Master and Margarita" are examples.

Modernism in architecture is found in the work of Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius the founder of Bauhaus, and Mies van der Rohe. Le Corbusier's famous remark "A building is a machine for living in" shows how different his thinking was to architects of the 19th century. The skyscraper, such as Mies van der Rohe's Seagram Building in New York (1956–1958), became the archetypal modernist building.

A criticism of the modern movement is that it does not value tradition, and goes in for change for the sake of change. What modernists want most is freedom of expression, or, perhaps, freedom of experimentation. This is why many modern paintings avoid making visual copies of real things. In modernist literature, an author may leave out plots or narrative or characterization in books.

These experiments were not random. They drew on the ideas of their day: mass media, science and technology, Marxism, Freudian psychology, and so on. There was a general search for new materials, new methods and new ideas. There was often a rejection of elitism, and a love of populism and popular culture.

Another criticism was of the connection between modernism and socialism. Certainly many modernists were also socialists. In the early days of socialism it seemed to offer hope of a new future without the baggage of the past. This also explains their rejection of tradition.


Victorian era

The Victorian era of the United Kingdom was a time of Queen Victoria's rule from 1837 to 1901. This time was very prosperous for the British people. Trade was at its best. A well educated middle class ruled the country and the British Empire. Other countries also prospered but Britain became the greatest great power.

The Industrial Revolution continued to increase productivity and prosperity, especially in the middle and later parts of Victoria's reign. Making iron and steel was a basic industry. The furnaces were fired with coal. Shipbuilding was a major industry. Canals and steam railways connected all parts of the country, and British steamships connected the world. Cotton and wool were made into cloth and exported. Ceramics were also a major industry.

One important change in the Victorian era was the creation of the sewage system in London. In 1829 photography was invented. Gas lighting was important too. Streetlights became common first, followed by lights in public buildings and home. In the 1880s people began making power stations and distribution systems to feed the new electric lightbulbs.

Britain began ruling its trading colonies in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean. The British Empire now extended all over the world. It used new technologies like the railways and electric telegraph to communicate across these regions. Many British citizens moved to the colonies to make their fortune.

Industrialisation brought with it a rapidly growing middle class. They were not aristocrats and landowners, but on the other hand they were not unskilled workers. They were the people who created, managed and ran the new industrial factories.

In the Victorian era, the middle class people owned their own houses. The family home often included three generations. The concept of "privacy" became a mark of the middle class life. What went on in those homes was the themes of many mid-century novelists.

The printing press became faster in the nineteenth century and paper was cheaper too. The "taxes on knowledge" on newspapers and printed advertisements were lifted. This made magazines and newspapers cheaper. The government tried to improve literacy rates by starting schools for the poor. More books were written for, and read by, the newly educated middle classes.

More theatres opened in London. Orchestras and symphonies played, and operas were widely attended. Gambling at cards and new casinos became popular during the period. In the middle of the 19th century saw The Great Exhibition of 1851, the first World's Fair, and showed the greatest creations of the century.


De-Stalinization

De-Stalinization is the way that the Soviet Union tried to undo Joseph Stalin's politics and the heroic image he created of himself using propaganda.
After Stalin died, a group led the Soviet Union for a while. Georgi Malenkov was the Premier of the Soviet Union; Lavrentiy Beria, head of the Ministry of the Interior; and Nikita Khrushchev was First Secretary of the Central Committee. 

Because Stalin had so prominent a control over the Soviet Union, he was placed on a pedestal both at home and among communists abroad. In the years 1953–1955, a period of "silent de-Stalinization" took place, as the revision of Stalin's policies was done in secret, and often with no explanation.

In 1954, Nikita Khrushchev became the leader of the Soviet Union. He attempted to reform the Soviet government and change how socialism in the country should be run. In order to do this, he had to change the way the public thought of Stalin, this is called revisionism. He removed Stalin's corpse out of the mausoleum in Red Square and he changed the name of Stalingrad (which was named after Stalin) to Volgograd. Some people disliked Khrushchev’s reform and those who oppose revisionism are called anti-revisionist. 

Pomelo

The Pomelo ("Citrus maxima" or "Citrus grandis"), is a citrus fruit from South East Asia. It is pale green or yellow when ripe. Its flesh is sweet and white. The rind is very thick and spongy. It is the largest citrus fruit, usually in diameter. It weighs .

Other names for the pomelo are pummelo and pommelo.

Leiden University

Leiden University (Dutch: "Universiteit Leiden"), shortened to LEI, is a public university in Leiden, a city in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.

Leiden University was established on 8 February 1575 and is the oldest university of the Netherlands.

It has about 29,500 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

University of Amsterdam

The University of Amsterdam (Dutch: "Universiteit van Amsterdam"), shortened to UvA, is a public university in Amsterdam, a city in the province of North Holland and also capital to the Netherlands.

The University of Amsterdam was established in 1877 (its predecessor in 1632).

It has about 31,000 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Wouter Bos

Wouter Jacob Bos (born July 14, 1963) was a Dutch minister of finance, deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Dutch Labour Party. He won the election of Dutch Labour Party leader, defeating Jouke de Vries. He led the party until March 12, 2010, the day he left. His successor is Job Cohen, who used to be the mayor of Amsterdam. He left because he wanted to spend more time with his family.

He left as minister of finance and deputy Prime Minister because the government felt over the decision of Uruzgan. The Dutch Labour Party was in the coalition, together with Christen Democraten Appèl and the ChristenUnie, both Christian parties. The Dutch Labour Party did not agree and stepped out of the coalition.


Hughes Medal

The Hughes Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of London for original discoveries in electricity and magnetism or their applications.

The medal was first given to J.J. Thomson in 1902 "for his numerous contributions to electric science, especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases". It has been awarded over a hundred times. At first it was awarded annually, now it is every two years.

Unlike some other Royal Society medals, the Hughes Medal has never been awarded to the same person more than once. Only one woman has won it: Michele Dougherty in 2008, who was awarded the medal "for innovative use of magnetic field data that led to discovery of an atmosphere around one of Saturn's moons and the way it revolutionised our view of the role of planetary moons in the Solar System".

The medal has been awarded to more than one person at once; in 1938 it was won by John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton "for their discovery that nuclei could be disintegrated by artificially produced bombarding particles", in 1981 by Peter Higgs, Thomas Walter and Tom W. B. Kibble "for their international contributions about the spontaneous breaking of fundamental symmetries in elementary-particle theory", in 1982 by Drummond Matthews and Frederick Vine for explaining the magnetic properties of the ocean floors which then led to the plate tectonic hypothesis, and in 1988 by Archibald Howie and M.J. Whelan for their work on the theory of electron diffraction and microscopy, and its use in the study of lattice defects in crystals.


J. J. Thomson

Sir Joseph John "J.J." Thomson, OM, FRS (18 December 1856 – 30 August 1940) was a British physicist and Nobel laureate. He discovered the electron and isotopes, and invented the mass spectrometer. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1906 for his discovery of the electron and his work on how electricity works in gases. Joseph John Thomson in 1893 said: "There is no other branch of physics which affords us so promising an opportunity of penetrating the secret of electricity." 

In 1897, Thomson showed that cathode rays were made of a previously unknown negatively charged particle of very small mass compared to its electric charge. It was later called the electron and was the first subatomic particle to be found. Thomson also found the first evidence for isotopes of a stable (non-radioactive) element in 1913, while studying anode rays (positive cations). 

In atomic theory he suggested the idea that atoms were spheres of evenly spread positive charge, where an individual negatively charged electron resided. He later concluded there was more than one negatively charged particle in an atom.

Many of the young men who studied and worked with him at University of Cambridge also became famous physicists.

Johann Wilhelm Hittorf

Johann Wilhelm Hittorf (March 27, 1824 – November 28, 1914) was a German physicist who was born in Bonn and died in Münster, Germany. He was the first to compute the electric capacity of charged atoms and molecules (ions).

Flor-de-Lis

Flor-de-Lis are a folk music group from Lisbon, Portugal. They competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "Todas as ruas do amor" where they finished 15th.


Gulf Air

Gulf Air is the national Carrier of the Kingdom of Bahrain. It is a subsidiary of Gulf Air Group Holding company, which also owns Bahrain Airport Company and Gulf Aviation Academy.

It started in 1950. It operates the largest network in the Middle East. The airline's current announced network stretches from Europe to Asia, connecting 58 places, with a fleet of 34 aircraft.

1949 - 1973: Gulf Aviation as operating company

In the late 1940s, Freddie Bosworth, a British pilot and entrepreneur, began an air taxi service to Doha and Dhahran from Bahrain. Bosworth later expanded the service and, on 24 March 1950, registered Gulf Aviation Company Limited as a private shareholding company. This makes Gulf Air, one of the oldest carriers in the Middle East. The early fleet contained seven "Avro Ansons" and three "de Havilland DH 86B four-engine biplanes".

In October 1951, British Overseas Airways Corporation became a major shareholder in "Gulf Aviation", holding a 22% stake through their subsidiary company BOAC Associated Companies.

1970s: Multinational Ownership

In 1973 the governments of the Emirate (now Kingdom) of Bahrain, the State of Qatar, the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the Sultanate of Oman agreed to purchase the BOAC Associated Companies holding in Gulf Aviation. "The Foundation Treaty" was signed on 1 January 1974 and gave each government a 25% shareholding in Gulf Aviation, which became a holding company. Gulf Air became the flag carrier for the four states.

With leased "Lockheed L-1011 Tristar" and "Boeing 737 Aircraft" joining the fleet, by 1976 Gulf Air had expanded its route network to include "Amman", "Amsterdam", "Athens", "Baghdad", "Bombay", "Bangkok", "Beirut", "Cairo", "Colombo", "Delhi", "Dhaka", "Hong Kong", "Jeddah", "Karachi", "Khartoum", "Larnaca", "Manila", "Paris", "Ras Al-Khaimah" and "Sana'a". The fleet comprised four "Vickers VC10", three "BAC One-Elevens", two "Lockheed L-1011 Tristar 200s", and five "Boeing 737-200s". In 1978, the airline doubled the Tristar fleet to replace the VC10s. Meanwhile, the airline increased the Boeing 737 fleet to nine and phased out the One-Elevens.

1980s - 1992: Expansion

The 1980s saw an increase in air travel and growth for Gulf Air. in 1981, Gulf Air became an IATA member, and in the following year became the first international airline to land in Riyadh.

In 1985, Emirates, the startup national carrier of Dubai, began operating.

In 1988, "Boeing 767s" joined the fleet and the airline launched services to Frankfurt, Istanbul, Damascus, Dar Es Salam, Fujairah, and Nairobi, and resumed their services to Shiraz and Baghdad.

The original Gulf Air livery consisted of a white fuselage with three stripes: Maroon, brown, green and red with a golden falcon on the three-striped tail fin. This livery was used in the following Gulf Air airlines: "Lockheed L1011-200 Tristar" (1976), "Boeing 737-200" (1977), "Boeing 767-300ER" (1988), "Airbus A320-200" (1992), "Airbus A340-300" (1994), and "Airbus A330-200" (1999).

Gulf Air celebrated its 40th anniversary in 1990. The light-blue and peach Balenciaga-designed uniform was introduced. Services to Singapore, Sydney and Thiruvananthapuram were launched, Gulf Air was the first Arab airline to fly to Australia. It added services to Johannesburg and Melbourne in 1992, becoming the first Arab airline to fly to directly to these cities. in 1993, it opened a flight-simulator center in Qatar and introduced services to Casablanca, Entebbe, Jakarta, Kilimanjaro, Madras, Rome, Zanzibar and Zurich.

1993 - 2005: New livery and destinations

In May 1994, Gulf Air received its first "Airbus A340-300". Two months later, the carrier began flights to New York City using an A340. It also served Houston from 1995 to 1996. The Gulf Air website opened in January 1997, and New York left the network the following month. A no-smoking policy was established in 1998 on flights to Singapore and Australia, which was later extended through its whole network. In 1999, it launched three new routes in Northern Pakistan: Islamabad, Lahore and Peshawar. It also took delivery of two out of six "Airbus A330-200" Aircraft and introduced a new Balmain Uniform.

In 2000, the airline celebrated its 50th anniversary. It took delivery of the remaining "Airbus A330-200" Aircraft in June and launched services to Milan.

In May 2002, "James Hogan" became president and CEO and instigated a restructuring and turnaround program in response to a drastic fall in profits and increasing debt. 

On 1 August 2002, Qatar announced its intentions to withdraw from Gulf Air to focus on its own national airline Qatar Airways. The state remained a member state for a six-month period after announcing the intention to withdraw.

In 2003, Gulf Air introduced a new "Landor Associates"-designed gold and blue livery and, in June, established "Gulf Traveler", a subsidiary, all-economy, full-service airline. It also announced a sponsorship deal for the Bahrain Grand Prix through 2010, creating the Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix, of which the first was staged in 2004. The airline also introduced daily flights to Athens and Sydney via Singapore on 23 November 2003.

In 2004, Gulf Air introduced direct flights between Dubai and London, Muscat and London, and a daily service between Abu Dhabi and Ras Al Khaimah. The airline carried a record of 7.5 million passengers during that year. Gulf Air's sponsorship of the "Bahrain Formula 1 Grand Prix" continued, with a record race crowd and a global TV audience.

Gulf Air was also placed on IATA's Operational Safety Audit registry.

2006-2009: Full ownership by Bahrain

The new summer schedule commencing 28 April 2006 saw the complete withdrawal from Abu Dhabi as a hub, following the decision on 13 September 2005 by the Emirate of Abu Dhabi to withdraw from Gulf Air and establish UAE flag carrier Etihad Airways. Gulf Air changed its operations to a dual-hub basis between Bahrain and Muscat airports. The airline ran a series of advertisements in local newspapers, thanking Abu Dhabi for its contribution to Gulf Air. As the National Carrier for the United Arab Emirates for over 35 years, it had a large customer base located in Abu Dhabi. Gulf Air endeavored to show continuing support for flights to Abu Dhabi from Bahrain and Muscat, connecting to the rest of the Gulf Air network, via advertisements placed in local newspapers.

On 5 May 2007, the government of Bahrain claimed full ownership of the airline. On the 6th of November 2008, Gulf Air started its third daily non-stop flight to London Heathrow Airport from Bahrain. On 3 July 2008, Gulf Air was announced as the official sponsor of London Association Football Club, Queen Park Rangers. The same year, Gulf Air signed a lease agreement for five aircraft with international Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) as part of its growth and expansion strategy.

On 1 March 2010, Gulf Air launched its new 'Falcon Gold' cabin, a single premium cabin merging business and first class together, aimed at offering higher standards of comfort for the standard premium price. As of August 2011, the new Flat Beds were installed on all aircrafts except short-haul aircrafts.

In November 2012, Gulf Air phased out its last "Airbus A340-300".

At the "Bahrain International Air show" in January 2016, Gulf Air ordered 17 "A321neo" and 12 "A320neo" aircraft for delivery from June 2018. It also announced a restructured order for 16 "Boeing 787-9" aircraft. The new order of 16 "Boeing 787-9" aircraft replaced an existing order for 16 of the smaller "Boeing 787-8" aircraft. 

In February 2018, Gulf Air revealed its new livery. It consisted of an all-white fuselage with a smaller golden falcon on the tail and with dark blue Gulf Air titles.

"June 2023":- Gulf Air wins AFJ Global Award.

"January 2022":- Gulf Air has received the Coveted Skytrax Five Star COVID-19 Airline Safety Rating after an audit by Skytrax Research.

"May 2022":- Gulf Air at Changi Airline Awards ceremony won the "Connectivity Award". 

"September 2022"- Gulf Air was the winner of the World's Most Improved Airline at the Skytrax World Airline Awards 2022.

"May 2017":- Gulf Air was honored for its support in developing signlent, the first instant messaging mobile application in the region exclusively designed to serve the hard of hearing, at an "Injaz Bahrain Ceremony".

"November 2016":- Gulf Air received the "Technology Innovation of the year" at the "Aviation Business Awards".
- "Hospitality and Tourism Deployment of the year" at the seventh annual Compute News Middle East (CNME) ICT Achievement Award.
- "Best Airline in Technology-Middle East" at the Global Enterprise Connect (GEC) Awards.

" November 2011"- Gulf Air wins Best Airline Award for Corporate Social Responsibility.

Gulf Air was the first Middle East Airline to launch a fully-fledged passenger loyalty program in December 1994.

"Falcon Lounge" at the Bahrain International Airport is three times bigger than the facility in the older terminal and includes an outdoor terrace. There is room for 400 passengers at any time.

Terraforming

Terraforming is changing a planet or large natural satellite that we cannot live on at present without spacesuits and similar technology. The idea is to change it so some life from Earth could exist there. It would need a suitable atmosphere (air), heat, and water. "Paraterraforming" or "worldhousing" is a variant of terraforming that would involve building domes over the majority of a planet or moon.

Some think it is possible to terraform Mercury, Venus, Mars, Ceres, Pluto, our Moon, Titan, Callisto.

It is arguable that we have already succeeded in terraforming right here on Earth. Thanks to modern technology, humans can now thrive in places that should be impossible to live in such as deserts and the Arctic.
A related concept is paraterraforming or worldhousing which would involve constructing greenhouse-style geodesic domes and similar structures to cover most of, if not the entire surface of the planet or moon.

Felixstowe

Felixstowe is a town in Suffolk, England. It has the largest container ports in Europe.

About 30,000 people live in Felixstowe.


Malcolm Lowry

Clarence Malcolm Lowry (; 28 July 1909 – 26 June 1957) was a British writer from the Wirral. He is most famous for his 1947 novel "Under the Volcano" about an alcoholic Consul in Mexico. Lowry was himself an alcoholic and a lot of his writings were about the effect alcohol had on his life and on the lives of his characters.


Torn Curtain

Torn Curtain is a 1966 movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews. It is set mainly in East Germany during the Cold War and tells the story of a scientist (played by Newman) who pretends to betray his country, the United States of America to the USSR in order to gain vital information about a new weapon which the Soviet Union is building.

Frenzy

Frenzy is a 1972 British crime thriller movie set in London. It is directed by Alfred Hitchcock starring Jon Finch and Barry Foster. It tells the story of an innocent man, played by Finch who is wrongly believed to be a serial killer by the police and his efforts to avoid capture and bring the real killer to justice. This was the second to last movie that Hitchcock made before he died in 1980 and the first time in many years he had made a movie in the United Kingdom.



Marnie

Marnie is a 1964 American mystery drama movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and based on the novel of the same name. It starred Tippi Hedren and Sean Connery. It tells the story of Marnie, a compulsive thief and liar, played by Hedren. She is befriended by and later marries a rich businessman called Mark Rutland, played by Connery. He tries to find out more about the tragic events which took place in her past and finally forces her to face up to these events and the secret which her mother kept from her since she was a child.

Shadow of a Doubt

Shadow of a Doubt is a 1943 American movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock starring Theresa Wright and Joseph Cotten. It tells the story of a naïve young girl called Charlie (played by Wright) who lives in a sleepy town in California with her well-meaning parents, and how her life is put in danger when her sinister uncle (played by Cotten) comes to stay with the family. Over the course of the movie, Charlie discovers that her uncle is a wanted serial killer who has murdered a lot of rich widows for their money. When her uncle finds out that Charlie has discovered his secret he sets out to murder her before she exposes him.

Rope (movie)

Rope is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It stars James Stewart, John Dall and Farley Granger. It tells the story of two young intellectuals, played by Dall and Granger, who murder one of their friends in an apartment in Manhattan. They do it in order to prove that it is possible to commit the perfect murder. Then they hold a dinner party at which they invite the parents of the victim as well as their former teacher, played by Stewart. During the dinner party they come close to boasting about their crime and arouse the suspicions of the teacher who eventually exposes them and alerts the police. The movie is famous for seemingly being made in one long shot without changing the camera angle. It is also known for implying a homosexual relationship between the two intellectuals at a time when homosexuality was rarely mentioned in movies or popular American culture.

Early modern period

The early modern period of human history, is a time from 15001800 (roughly). This time follows the Middle Ages. It is the start of recognizable nations that we know today.

In the history of Europe, the early modern period follows the Medieval period. It begins around the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, and includes the Renaissance period, and the Age of Discovery. It includes the discovery of America, and the discovery of the sea route to the East. It ends around the French Revolution in 1789.

In 1453 Constantinople fell to the Ottoman Empire. Science, transport, and communications improved. This is also called the Renaissance. For European countries with many ships, this was the Age of Discovery. Europe was beginning to expand to the New World. 
Trade with Asia was common, after Europeans found their way around Africa and into the Indian Ocean. Late in this period the European countries started setting up colonies there. 

The Mughal Empire began in 1526. This Empire had a orderly government, widespread economic prosperity and religious tolerance. At this time Asia was flourishing in Math and Science. Also the Ottoman Empire was ruling the Middle East, along with the Persian Empire.



National Assembly

The National Assembly is a type of legislature in some countries. The best known National Assembly, and the first legislature to be known by this title, was established during the French Revolution in 1789, known as the "Assemblée Nationale". Almost every country in Africa has a National Assembly. However, outside of Africa there are not that many countries with National assembly. In Europe there is Britain, France, Germany etc. In Asia there is China, Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan,Bangladesh etc.

Kenneth Clarke

Kenneth Harry Clarke, Baron Clarke of Nottingham, (born 2 July 1940), often known as Ken Clarke, is a British politician. He was the Justice Secretary in the coalition government. Clarke has had a long career in politics and has served in the cabinets of Margaret Thatcher and John Major. On February 26, 2017, Clarke became Father of the House after the death of Gerald Kaufman. 

Clarke was born in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire, England and was educated at the University of Cambridge. He became the Member of Parliament for Rushcliffe at the 1970 general election and became a Queen's Counsel in 1980. He held a number of lower positions in government under Margaret Thatcher until she promoted him to Health Secretary in 1988. He became Education Secretary in 1990 and when Thatcher resigned as Prime Minister and was replaced with John Major he stayed on as Health Secretary until 1992 when he was promoted to Chancellor of the Exchequer. He stayed as Chancellor until 1997 when the Conservatives were defeated in the General Election.

John Major resigned as leader of the Conservative Party soon after he was defeated in the general election and Clarke stood for election to replace him as leader and therefore become the Leader of the Opposition. However he was defeated by William Hague in this contest. When Hague himself resigned after losing the 2001 General Election Clarke again stood for leader but was defeated by Iain Duncan Smith. In 2005 he stood for the leadership for a third time but was defeated by David Cameron. It is thought that Clarke was unable to become leader because many in the Conservative Party do not wish to see the United Kingdom replace the pound with the Euro as the main currency whereas Clarke has always been very much in favour of this policy.

Clarke returned to the Conservative front bench in 2009 as the Shadow Business Secretary where he has the job of monitoring the performance of the current Business Secretary Peter Mandelson. When the coalition government was formed on 11 May 2010 Clarke was made the Justice Secretary.

Swansea City A.F.C.

Swansea City AFC are a Welsh football (soccer) team who have played in the English Premier League since 2011. Before being promoted to the Premier League for the 2011–12 season, they had played in the English Football League since 1920. They were founded in 1912 as Swansea Town and played at the Vetch Field ground until 2005 when they moved to the Liberty Stadium. Their most successful period as a team was in the early 1980s under their manager John Toshack when they played in the old First Division from 1981-1983 (which was the highest tier of English football at the time). Swansea play their home games in an all white strip. Their main rivals are Cardiff City and a match between the two sides is known as the South Wales derby. As well as competing in the English League they have also won the Welsh Cup ten times and the Football Association of Wales Premier Cup twice. In 2011, they were promoted to the Premier League after winning the Football League Championship play-offs after finishing third in the league. They avoided relegation in their first Premier League season ending up in 11th place.



Hartlepool United F.C.

Hartlepool Utd F.C are an English football team playing in the English Football League. They were founded in 1908 as ‘Hartlepools Utd’ and currently play at the Victoria ground. The well known football manager Brian Clough started his career as a manager with Hartlepool in 1965 before leaving to go on and manage Derby County.


Tippi Hedren

Tippi Hedren (born Nathalie Kay Hedren, January 19, 1930) is an American actress. Her paternal grandparents were Swedish immigrants. Her maternal ancestry is German and Norwegian. She is best known for her performances in two movies directed by Alfred Hitchcock: "The Birds" and "Marnie". She is the mother of actress Melanie Griffith and has acted in movies with her daughter.

Japanese morning glory

Japanese morning glory, also called the "Ipomoea nil", is an attractive cultivated plant, a climbing annual commonly with white edges, also named white-edge morning glory. It is found in US Florida to South America, also in Galapagos Islands.


Pyrrhic victory

A Pyrrhic victory is battle won at too great a cost.

It is one in which the side that won the victory suffers very badly. A Pyrrhic victory may take place when the victorious army has lost a huge number of men or when the enemy army has reinforcements about to arrive which greatly outnumber the winning army and mean that the chances of a second victory are very low. A Pyrrhic victory is named after King Pyrrhus of Epirus. He won a battle against the Romans in 280 BC but many of his men and most of his friends and top commanders died in the battle.

Iain Duncan Smith

Sir George Iain Duncan Smith (born 9 April 1954 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British politician who is the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2016 - 2016. He was the leader of the Conservative Party from September 2001 to November 2003 and is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Chingford and Woodford Green.

Iain Duncan Smith served in the Scottish part of the British Army, the Scots' Guard from 1975 to 1981. He became a Conservative Party MP at the 1992 General Election for the constituency of Chingford (called Chingford and Woodford Green from 1997). He became a member of William Hague's shadow cabinet in 1997 and became Shadow Defence Secretary in 1999. When Hague resigned in 2001, Iain Duncan Smith was elected leader of the Conservative Party, defeating Kenneth Clarke and Michael Portillo. In November 2003, Conservative Party MPs passed a Vote of No Confidence in Iain Duncan Smith because they believed he could not win the general election. He was replaced by Michael Howard. After the 2010 General Election, Iain Duncan Smith was made the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. He resigned in March 2016.

Iain Duncan Smith was the first leader of the Conservative Party to have been Roman Catholic and was the first to have been born in Scotland since Arthur Balfour.


Bill Hicks

William 'Bill' Hicks (16 December 1961 – 26 February 1994) was an American stand-up comedian known for his controversial act which made fun of religion and politics amongst other areas. Since then, many other stand-up comedians in the United States and United Kingdom have said they have been very influenced by his work, which is still very popular today.

Hicks was born in Valdosta, Georgia and raised in Houston, Texas. He died of pancreatic cancer in Little Rock, Arkansas.


Gene Wilder

Gene Wilder (Jerome Silberman; June 11, 1933 – August 29, 2016) was an American actor, author, comedian, director and screenwriter. He was most famous for his acting work and in particular for the movies he made with Mel Brooks which include "The Producers", "Blazing Saddles" and "Young Frankenstein". He also played the part of Willy Wonka in the musical movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory".

Wilder studied Communication and Theatre Arts at the University of Iowa.

Wilder was drafted into the Army on September 10, 1956.

An unauthorized biography of Wilder called "Gene Wilder: Funny and Sad" by Brian Scott Mednick was published in December 2010 by BearManor Media.

Wilder died from Alzheimer's disease on August 29, 2016 in Stamford, Connecticut at age 83.



Exeter City F.C.

Exeter City F.C. is an English association football club currently competing in the English Football League. They were founded in 1904 and currently play at the St James Park ground. 

Possibly their most famous game was when they drew 0-0 against Manchester United in an FA Cup match in 2005 at United's home ground of Old Trafford.


Die Lollipops

Die Lollipops is a children's band which formed in Germany in the summer of 2000 under the Edelkids label, a division of a German company named Edel Music. According to the label's website, the primary intended audience for the band is German-speaking children between 4 and 10 years old.

Their music can be divided into three basic types: 

Examples of famous international children's songs whose melody has been borrowed and given entirely new lyrics:
"Die" is German for "the" (plural); "Lollipops" is a loanword from English. The most common German word for lollipop is "Lutscher", but Germans now also use "Lollipop". The band debuted in July 2000 with an album called "die Lollipops" and have released new CDs, videos, and audio books at the rate of about two per year. As of 2005, their label had sold more than 1.5 million of their CDs and videos, of which 8 made it to gold, and one made it to platinum. Note that the meanings of the terms platinum and gold are different for different countries: in Germany gold signifies 100,000 sales and platinum 200,000. 

Die Lollipops has featured two singers at a time for most of its history; generally these have been girls between the ages of about 11 and 16. Because the band has been around for nine years, they must replace their singers with new ones every few years. The current duet started recording in late 2007 with Susi and Fiona (then 12 and 11 years old respectively). They released an album called "Einfach tierisch" in March 2008, and plan to release another one called "Immer in Bewegung" in July 2009. Peter Hoffmann has remained the producer since the group was formed. The band has attracted composers from other bands registered by Edel Music; a singer named Klaus Büchner had written a song about drinking alcohol called "Wir feiern wieder Feste" in 1987 when he was singing in his own band, called Klaus & Klaus; he then re-wrote it as a children's song about a never-ending party for die Lollipops. The title of the song is still the same and the syllable rhythms are similar, especially in the chorus. 

Due to the language barrier, the Lollipops are largely unheard of outside the German-speaking world. Their music can be downloaded via websites such as Amazon.com.



Water opossum

The water opossum ("Chironectes minimus") is also known as the yapok. It is an aquatic marsupial and a member of the opossum family. It has black and grey waterproof fur and webbed hind feet. It is "the only living marsupial where both sexes have a backward-pointing pouch". 

The animal is found in the freshwater streams and lakes in Mexico, Central and South America. The water opossum lives in bankside burrows. It comes out after dusk to search for fish, crustaceans and other aquatic animals, which it eats on the bank.

The yapok's webbed back feet helps it chase its prey in the water.

Blazing Saddles

Blazing Saddles is a 1974 comedy western movie directed by Mel Brooks starring Cleavon Little, Gene Wilder and Harvey Korman. It tells the story of a black Sheriff, played by Little, who is appointed Sheriff of a small Western town and how he must try to make friends with the racist towns people and stop a ruthless businessman from knocking down the town to make way for a railway line.

While the movie is widely said to be a classic comedy today, critical reaction was mixed when the movie was first released.


In the scene where Lamarr talks to his band of bad guys, he says, "You men are only risking your lives, while I am risking an almost-certain Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor!" Harvey Korman did not, in fact, get an Oscar nomination. The movie did receive three other Academy Awards nominations in 1974: Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Madeline Kahn, Best Film Editing, and Best Music, Original Song. The movie also earned two BAFTA awards nominations, for Best Newcomer (Cleavon Little) and Best Screenplay.

The movie won the Writers Guild of America Award for "Best Comedy Written Directly for the Screen" for writers Mel Brooks, Norman Steinberg, Andrew Bergman, Richard Pryor, and Alan Uger.

In 2006, "Blazing Saddles" was chosen by the Library of Congress for the National Film Registry.


Alexander Rybak

Alexander Rybak (born 13 May 1986) is a Belarusian-born Norwegian singer, composer and violinist. He won the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "Fairytale". 

He was born in Minsk, Belarusian SSR. His family moved to Norway when he was four. 

In 2009, Rybak won Melodi Grand Prix, allowing him to represent Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "Fairytale". He won the contest. 

Rybak won the Melodi Grand Prix again in 2018 with the song "That’s How You Write a Song", sending him to the Eurovision Song Contest 2018. He placed 15th in the final. He had a cameo appearance in the .

Pika

A pika is a small mammal related to the hare and the rabbit (lagomorph). Pikas are also known as rock rabbits or coneys. Pikas have short limbs, a round body, an even coat of fur, round ears, and no external tail. 

There are 37 different species of pika. Most pikas live in colder climates, on rocky mountain slopes. Pikas need cold temperatures to live, and can die if exposed to temperatures above . They live in Asia, North America and parts of Eastern Europe. They are active during the day or twilight. Pikas do not hibernate. Because they do not hibernate, during the summer they gather food for winter. They collect hay, which they pile up to dry. They sometimes steal hay from each other. This often results in disputes. Predators, like ferrets, and large birds often use these disputes to catch pikas. 

Pikas are herbivores and eat many kinds of plants, such as grasses, sedges, moss, and lichens. 

Pikas in Eurasia often live in family groups and share duties of gathering food and keeping watch. Some species are territorial. Pikas in North America are asocial outside of breeding season.

Pikachu from Pokemon is based off this animal.

Two-source hypothesis

The Two-source hypothesis is a hypothesis that was made in the 19th century. It tries to explain what is called the synoptic problem in Christian theology. This problem is that certain parts of the gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke have texts that are very similar. The hypothesis claims that the Gospels of Matthew and Luke were written based on the gospel of Mark, and lost source text, called Q. The Q is for German "Quelle", and means source. The lost document was likely a collection of Jesus' sayings, very probably written in Ancient Greek. The hypothesis is widely accepted among Christian scholars.

There are two major problems with this hypothesis:

Favicon

A favicon is small image (known as an icon) that is used to identify a website or webpage.

This type of icon (also known as a favorite icon or favorites icon) is usually a square image that is only 16 pixels in height and 16 pixels in width. However, modern browsers, especially those installed on smartphones, can display bigger favicons that are 32 pixels or 64 pixels in size. And when a favicon is included in a webpage it can be seen next to a browser's address bar, inside a browser's tab or in the browser's Favorites' or Bookmarks' list.



Henry Rollins

Henry Rollins (born February 13, 1961 in Washington D.C.) is an American singer, writer and actor. After a few wild years in the punk rock band Black Flag, he started his own metal band, the Rollins Band. Rollins is now a solo artist. He often tours in many countries performing spoken-word concerts.


Tay-Sachs disease

Tay-Sachs disease (also called Tray-Sachs syndrome) is a disease that causes problems with the metabolism of fat. Tay-Sachs is caused by a lack of the enzyme Hexosaminidase A.

Tay-Sachs is a genetic disease. It happens when Chromosome 15 has a genetic problem. The problem is caused by a defective HEXA gene. It is recessive, which means both parents must give the baby the defective gene for the baby to have Tay-Sachs. One in every twenty seven Jewish American has one defective gene and can give Tay-Sachs the defective gene to their child. The disease is very rare. It is most common in Jewish families. There is a blood test to see if a person has the Tay Sachs gene. This blood test has helped reduce the number of babies born with Tay-Sachs. In the 1800’s, there were 60 new cases and in the 21st century there were 5.

Infants with the Tay-Sachs gene from both parents usually die of pneumonia or other infections during their first four years of life. Some symptoms include: lack of energy, loss of vision and motor skills (paralyzation), and seizures. Tay–Sachs disease is usually first noticed in infants around six months old. They show an abnormally strong response to sudden noises or other stimulus. This is called the "startle response". The child may also be listlessness or have muscle stiffness (hypertonia). The disease is classified into several forms, which are based on the age when the neurological symptoms began. There is no known treatment for this disease.

The disease is named after Warren Tay and Bernard Sachs who first described the disease in the late 19th century. After the discovery, he noticed a red spot on the retina of a one year old child. The child was experiencing the same symptoms of the disease. Bernard Sachs was a neurologist from the United States. He was the first person to describe the cellular changes from the disease. In 1969, researchers discovered that Tay-Sachs is caused by a lack of the enzyme Hexosaminidase A. 

Joseph Swan

Sir Joseph Wilson Swan (31 October 1828–27 May 1914) was an English physicist and chemist who was well known because he created the incandescent light bulb, about a year before Thomas Edison. His house was the first in the world to be lit by electric light bulbs.

In 1904, Swan was knighted, awarded the Royal Society's Hughes Medal, and was made an honorary member of the Pharmaceutical Society. He had already received the highest award in France, the Légion d'honneur, when he visited an international exhibition in Paris in 1881. The exhibition included exhibits of his inventions, and the city was lit with electric light, thanks to Swan's invention.

Atom Egoyan

Atom Egoyan, OC () (born July 19, 1960) is a Canadian-Armenian movie maker. His work often explores themes of alienation and isolation. Egoyan's movies often follow non-linear plot-structures, in which events are placed out of sequence in order to elicit specific emotional reactions from the audience by withholding important information. 


Standard asteroid physical characteristics

The standard asteroid physical characteristics of an asteroid include, but can also include things other than: diameter, mass, density, surface gravity, escape velocity, rotation period, spectral class, absolute magnitude, albedo, and surface temperature, or what the temperature is on the asteroid.

Crowded House

Crowded House are an Australian rock group. They formed in 1985 in Melbourne, led by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn. Finn is the main songwriter and creative director of the band. He has led it through several changes. The band has people from a few different countries: from New Zealand (Neil and his brother, Tim Finn and Eddie Rayner), Australia (Paul Hester, Nick Seymour, Peter Jones and Craig Hooper) and the United States (Mark Hart, and Matt Sherrod). Crowded House are referred to as "The Crowdies" by Australian fans.
Umm, no Australian has ever referred to them as the "Crowdies".
Originally active from 1985 to 1996, the band has had consistent commercial and critical success in Australia and New Zealand and international chart success in two phases, beginning with their self-titled debut album, "Crowded House", which reached number twelve on the US Album Chart in 1987 and provided the Top Ten hits, "Don't Dream It's Over" and "Something So Strong". Further international success came in the UK and Europe with their third and fourth albums, "Woodface" and "Together Alone" and the compilation album "Recurring Dream", which included the hits "Fall at Your Feet", "Weather with You", "Distant Sun", "Locked Out", "Instinct" and "Not the Girl You Think You Are".

Founding drummer Hester left in May 1994, citing family reasons, but returned for their "Farewell to the World" concerts in Melbourne and Sydney in 1996. Neil Finn had decided to end the band to concentrate on his solo career and the Finn Brothers project with Tim. On 26 March 2005 Hester committed suicide, aged 46.

In 2006, the group re-formed with new drummer Matt Sherrod. They have since released three albums, "Time on Earth" (2007), "Intriguer" (2010) and "Dreamers Are Waiting" (2021).

Amy Klobuchar

Amy Jean Klobuchar (born May 25, 1960) is an American politician and lawyer. She is the senior United States Senator from Minnesota since 2007. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She is the first elected female senator from Minnesota and the second female senator in the state after Muriel Humphrey Brown.

She was a lawyer in Minneapolis until being elected county attorney for Hennepin County in 1998, making her responsible for all criminal prosecution in Minnesota's most populous county.

Klobuchar was first elected to the Senate in 2006, becoming Minnesota's first elected female United States Senator, and was reelected in 2012 and 2018. In 2009 and 2010, she was called a "rising star" in the Democratic Party. In February 2019, she announced her candidacy for President of the United States in 2020.

Klobuchar was born in Plymouth, Minnesota. She is the daughter of Rose Katherine (née Heuberger) and James John "Jim" Klobuchar, a columnist for the "Star Tribune".

Klobuchar was a valedictorian at Wayzata High School. She received her B.A. degree in political science in 1982 from Yale University. During her time at Yale, Klobuchar spent time as an intern for Senator Walter Mondale. Klobuchar received her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Chicago.

Klobuchar was elected Hennepin County attorney in 1998, and reelected in 2002. In 2001 "Minnesota Lawyer" named her "Attorney of the Year". Klobuchar was President of the Minnesota County Attorneys Association from November 2002 to November 2003.

In early 2005, Senator Mark Dayton announced that he would not seek re-election to the U.S. Senate. She was seen as a favorite for the DFL nomination for the 2006 election. In the general election, Klobuchar faced Republican candidate Mark Kennedy.

On March 30, 2008, Klobuchar announced her endorsement of Senator Barack Obama in the Democratic presidential primary, promising her unpledged superdelegate vote for him.

Klobuchar faced State Representative Kurt Bills and won a second term in the U.S. Senate in 2012.

In late 2016, Klobuchar was known to have passed more legislation than any other senator. In February 2017, she called for an independent, bipartisan commission like the 9/11 Commission to investigate ties between Russia and U.S. President Donald Trump and his administration. She maintained high approval ratings throughout 2017, with the "Star Tribune"'s Minnesota Poll announcing in April 2017 that her approval rating was 72%. In October 2017, Morning Consult listed Klobuchar in the Top 10 of their list of senators with the highest approval rating.

In 2017, Klobuchar and Bernie Sanders represented the Democratic Party in a televised debate on healthcare policy and the possible repeal of the Affordable Healthcare Act on CNN.

On February 6, 2019, Klobuchar announced on her Twitter that she will announce her candidacy for President of the United States on February 10 in Minneapolis. On February 10, 2019, Klobuchar announced that she is running for President in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Klobuchar's allegedly harsh treatment of her Senate staff received some coverage before her announcement.

She ended her campaign on March 2, 2020 after losing the first four Democratic primary contests.

In 1993, Klobuchar married John Bessler. They have a daughter. She is a member of the United Church of Christ. In September 2021, she announced that she was diagnosed with breast cancer seven months before.


Maiden voyage

Maiden voyage is the name given to the first trip a ship makes after it has been launched. Sometimes important people will go on the maiden voyage including politicians, business people and celebrities.

Riaz Shahid

Riaz Shahid (1927 - October 1, 1972) was a noted Pakistani filmmaker, movie writer, and journalist. His real name was "Sheikh Riaz", but was called by his nickname "Shahid". Riaz was from Lahore where he started his career as a journalist for newspaper "Chataan" and later joined Faiz Ahmed Faiz's "Lail-o-Nihar". He also wrote a novel named "Hazar Dastaan".

In 1962, Riaz started his movie career as a director for the movie "Susraal". From this point onwards, he went on to direct several hits like "Zarqa", "Shaheed", "Farangi", and "Yeh Aman".

Riaz Shahid was married to then famous actress Neelo and had three children. The first child their daughter was named "Zarqa" followed by two sons Shaan, who is now a well known Pakistani movie actor and "Sarosh", who also worked in a couple of Pakistani movies. 

Riaz died of leukemia in 1972.

Neelo

Neelo (born Abida Riaz; 30 June 1940 – 30 January 2021) was an actress from Lahore City. She was the mother of the movie actor Shaan. She was born June 29, 1945 in Bhera, near Sargodha. 

Later, when she got married to Riaz Shahid she changed her name to Abida Riaz, and also became a Muslim. Shahid died in 1972, but Riaz has kept her name the same.

Neelo died of cancer on 30 January 2021 in Abbottabad at the age of 80.

High on Fire

High on Fire is an American heavy metal band. It was started by guitar player Matt Pike. He used to be in the band Asleep. The band has released 4 albums.

Indian rhinoceros

The Indian rhinoceros or the Asian one-horned rhinoceros ("Rhinoceros unicornis") is a large mammal primarily found in Pakistan, north-eastern India, Nepal and parts of Bhutan. It lives in the tall grasslands and forests in the foothills of the Himalayas. 

Rhinoceros was hunted for sport, and is now poached because its horn is used for traditional Chinese medicine (alternative medicine).

Augusto Righi

Augusto Righi (27 August 1850 – 8 June 1920) was an Italian physicist who was a big part in the study of electromagnetism. He was born and died in Bologna.

In 1872 and 1880 in Bologna, he was researching mostly in electrostatics. He became an ordinary professor in physics at the University of Palermo in 1880, when he was there he studied the transfer of heat and electricity in bismuth. From 1885 to 1889 he was a professor at the University of Padua (Padova), studying the photoelectric effect. In late 1889 he went to the University of Bologna, where he worked for the rest of his life on things like the Zeeman Effect, 'Roentgen rays', and magnetism.



Fountain Hills

Fountain Hills is a town in the Maricopa County of Arizona. It is close to Phoenix and Scottsdale. Fountain Hills has the 4th largest fountain in the world, which goes off every hour for 15 minutes. The general entertainment consists in the local high school sporting events.

Yu-Gi-Oh! (trading card game)

The "Yu-Gi-Oh!" Trading Card Game is a Japanese-American card game developed and published by Konami. It is based on the fictional game of "Duel Monsters", which is the main story for the anime series "Yu-Gi-Oh!". It is played around the world, but mostly in Japan, North America, Europe and Australia. It was first sold to the public in 1999. In 2009 it broke the world record for most trading cards sold.

"Yu-Gi-Oh!" is a trading card game in which players draw cards from separate decks and take turns playing cards. The game is like a battle, and the cards have different uses to help the player win the battle. There is one deck of cards for each player. Each deck contains 40 to 60 cards. Each player also has an optional "extra deck" of up to 15 cards that are used in certain situations. There is also a 15-card "side deck", which allows players to modify their deck between games. Players are only allowed three of the same card per deck and side deck. Each player starts with a certain number of "Life Points". To win the game, a player has to reduce their opponent's Life Points to zero. This is usually achieved by using "monster" cards to attack the monster cards of the opponent or damage the opponent's life points. The other two card types are "spells" and "traps". There are many, many types of spells and traps. For example, these cards' effects may eliminate an opponent's card, counter the effects of an opponent's card, or retrieve a specific card from one's own deck, to name just a few. Most monster cards also have extra abilities of their own. 

Weston-on-Trent

Weston-on-Trent is a village and parish in Derbyshire. It is to the north of the River Trent. At the 2004 census there were about 800 people in the village aged sixteen to seventy-four years.

In 1009 Æþelræd Unræd (King Ethelred the Unready) signed a document which agreed the size of Weston. The document shows that Weston owned the crossings of the River Trent. These crossings were for one of the roads going up or down England. The land was at Weston upon Trent and at Morley, Smalley, Ingleby, Crich and Kidsley. This land was given to Morcar, the King's chief minister. Morcar could decide a person's life or death without the King.

Kalmykia

Republic of Kalmykia (, Kalmyk: ) the subject of the Russian Federation, is a part of Southern federal district. It is formed on November, 4th, 1920.

Capital — Elista.

Borders in the south on Stavropol Territory, in the southeast — with Republic Dagestan, in the north — with the Volgograd region, in the northeast — with the Astrakhan region, in the west — with the Rostov region.

The republic Kalmykia places in the extreme southeast of the European part of Russia. Extent of territory from the north on the south — 448 km, from the West on the east — 423 km.

The region is possessed in zones of steppes, semi-deserts and deserts and takes territory with a total area of 75,9 thousand in km ² that there is more than territory of such states in the Western Europe as Belgium, Denmark, Switzerland and the Netherlands. The republic is in the southeast of the European part of the Russian Federation. Its co-ordinates constitute 44°50 ' and 40°10 ' east longitude both 41°40 ' and 47°35 ' northern width.

Three prirodno-economic zones are conditionally allocated for territories of Kalmykia: western, central and east. The western zone covers territories of Gorodovikovsky and Jashaltinsky areas, the central zone — territories of Maloderbetovsky, Sarpinsky, Ketchenerovsky, Virgin, Prijutnensky and Iki-Burulsky areas, east — territories October, Justinsky, Jashkulsky, Chernozemelsky, Lagansky * Dolbansky and Limansky areas. Most favourable on it is soil-environmental conditions the western zone is.
Rather large specific territory of east zone are the so-called Black earths.

From the south the territory of Kalmykia is limited by Kumo-Manychskoj a hollow and the rivers Manych and Kuma, in a southeast part is washed by Caspian sea, in the northeast on an insignificant plot the republic border approaches to the river Volga, and in the northwest the Ergeninsky height is possessed. Within republic territory northern part of Near-Caspian lowland is called Sarpinsky lowland, and in its southern part there are Black earths. Dominating type of a relief of the republic, the large part of its territory, plains are taking.

There are stocks of hydrocarbons, the basic reconnoitered and maintained — Iki-Burulsky and Ermolinsky nonassociated gas fields. Deposits concern to near-Caspian gas-oil provinces.

Republic climate sharply continental — summer hot and very dry, winter is snowless, sometimes with the big colds. Continentality of a climate essentially amplifies from the West on the east. Average temperatures of January on all republic the negative: from −7 °C …-9 °C in southern and its southwest part to −10 °C … −12 °C in the north, the minimum temperature of January: −35 °C … −37 °C. The lowest temperatures sometimes reach −35 °C and more low in northern areas. Feature of a climate is significant duration of solar light which constitutes 2180–2250 hours (182–186 days) per a year. Duration of the warm period constitutes 240–275 days. Average temperatures of July constitute +23,5 °C … +25,5 °C. The absolute maximum of temperature in hot reaches year +40 °C … +44 °C.

Air rise in temperature is observed from the north on the south and the southeast of territory of republic. During the winter period there is thaw, in separate days — blizzards, and sometimes formed ice aggrieves to agriculture, causing an icing of herbage of pastures and winter crops.
Specific feature of territory of republic are droughts and dry winds: happen to 120 суховейных days in the summer. The region is the most droughty in the south of the European part of Russia. The annual amount of precipitation constitutes 210–340 mm. On conditions влагообеспеченности in republic four basic agroclimatic areas are allocated: very dry, dry, very droughty, droughty.

Thanks to prevalence of zones of strong winds the region has significant wind energy resources, realised only at a rate of 3-5 million kvt·h/year on Kalmyk Wind Electrostation.

In republic territory live about 60 species of mammals. On reservoirs of Kalmykia nest about 130 kinds of birds and more than 50 kinds meet during seasonal migrations. 20 kinds of reptiles and 3 kinds of the amphibious. Within republic 23 kinds of the birds brought in the Red book of the Russian Federation are noted.

Number of population of a saiga fluctuates from 270 thousand to 400 thousand goals

The republic territory is in the semi-desert zone which prominent feature is the completeness of a vegetative cover shown in a combination of steppe and deserted plots, and is most forestless region of the Russian Federation.

Sochi

Sochi (Russuan:Со́чи) is a city in Russia on the Black Sea coast. It is in Krasnodar Krai, a Russian federal subject. The 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Paralympics were played there. The Sochi Olympic Stadium was also used to host 2018 FIFA World Cup football matches. Sochi is also a popular health resort. It is one of very few places in Russia with a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification).


Catherine II of Russia

Catherine II (, romanized: "Yekaterina II", born Sophie of Anhalt-Zerbst; 21 April 1729 — 6 November 1796) most commonly known as Catherine the Great (Russian: "Екатерина Великая", romanized: "Yekaterina Velikaya") was the Tsarina of Russia from 1762 until her death in 1796. She came to power after overthrowing her husband, Peter III. During her long 34-year-reign, Russia experienced a renaissance of culture and sciences, which led to the founding of many new cities, universities, and theatres, along with large-scale immigration from the rest of Europe and the recognition of Russia as one of the great powers of Europe. She was one of Russia's greatest monarchs.

Catherine was born in Stettin, which was a part of the Kingdom of Prussia at the time. She was the daughter of Prince Christian August of Anhalt-Zerbst and Princess Johanna Elizabeth of Holstein-Gottorp. She had five brothers and sisters. She married her cousin Peter III (who, like Catherine, was German) at age fifteen, and became empress of Russia at age 32. She was educated in three languages (Russian, German and French). She grew up as a Lutheran (Protestant). When she married Peter, she changed to the Russian Orthodox church.

Catherine's marriage was said to be unfaithful and distraught. Peter and Catherine were each said to have several lovers. After they had been married nine years, Catherine bore a son, Paul. Paul was born on . Both parents accepted him as legitimate, even though there had been rumors about Catherine having been unfaithful. Catherine also had a daughter Anna, born in 1757. Anna died in 1759. Catherine and Peter had a very difficult relationship. When Peter died, Catherine was left to rule Russia on her own. Catherine had many lovers, probably because of the difficult marriage; over twenty lovers are known. A few of these seem to be more important:

Six months after Peter took the throne, Catherine led a palace coup to overthrow him. The question of who killed him and why is still much discussed. Catherine was greatly admired by the public. She was much involved in foreign affairs, including successful Russo-Turkish wars which conquered new territories for Russia.

Catherine suffered a stroke on 1. Due to the stroke, she lost consciousness. She died in her bed at 9:20 the following evening, while she was still unconscious. Catherine was buried at the Peter and Paul Cathedral in Saint Petersburg.

Hiccups

A hiccup (also spelled hiccough) is sudden tightening of the diaphragm, which is a muscle inside the chest and below the lungs that causes air to be pulled in. A short time after diaphragm contracts, the throat suddenly closes. This closing stops the air from flowing in, and results in the "hic" sound that gives "hiccups" its name. A hiccup is a reflex, a kind of action happens in the body without trying. Hiccups often repeat several times per minute, and end on their own after a few minutes.

Sometimes a single hiccup happens, or they may happen over and over, a few times each minute, in a series called a "bout" of hiccups. Hiccups are rhythmic: the time between one hiccup and the next usually doesn't change much. A bout of hiccups generally ends by itself, without having to doing anything to end it on purpose. Many home remedies (cures) are often tried to attempt to shorten how long the hiccups last, because hiccups can be uncomfortable and make it hard to pay attention to other things. It is rare that medical help is necessary because it is rare that they last long enough to cause any harm. 
Hiccups may be triggered (started) by several common human conditions such as swallowing air, eating very quickly, and laughing for a long time. They can also be caused by some drugs and by some diseases.

The reason that people hiccup is not known for sure. A leading theory (idea) is that hiccups evolved to help human babies and other young mammals obtain milk more easily during breast feeding. This is related to the pattern that hiccups often happen when a bubble of air forms below the diaphragm and takes up space in the belly.

Napoleonic era

The Napoléonic era was a time in the history of France and Europe. This era existed during the fourth and final stage of the French Revolution. It is the time when Napoleon ruled France. The Napoleonic era begins when Napoléon Bonaparte began to rule by overthrowing the government of France which was then called the Directory, creating the French Consulate. The era ends with Hundred Days and his defeat at the Battle of Waterloo (November 9, 1799 - June 28, 1815). Afterwards, the Congress of Vienna tried to bring Europe back to pre-French Revolution days.

It was a time of many wars in Europe. 

Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia

The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY) was the Yugoslav country that existed from 1943 to 1992. It was a socialist state. It was also a federation made up of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia. 

Josip Broz Tito ruled Yugoslavia until 1980. He died at that time. In June 1991 Slovenia and Croatia declared independence. By 1992 only Serbia and Montenegro still wanted a union. They made a new country called the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Yet leaders around the world didn't agree it was the same as the old Yugoslavia.

VIPoma

A VIPoma (Pronounced "V I P oma") (also called Verner Morrison syndrome after the doctors who first noticed it), is a tumor that does not happen a lot (1 per 10,000,000 per year) in the pancreas. VIPoma makes something called vasoactive intestinal peptide, or VIP. It can do bad things to the heart, brain, gut, gallbladder, and more.

Octreotide (a somatostatin analogue) can be used to help symptoms. Surgery is the only thing that will make it go away completely.

2 Esdras

2 Esdras is the name of a book in many English versions of the Bible. It is a Deuterocanonical book. This means it is a book of the Christian Old Testament that is not part of the Jewish Bible. The original Hebrew version has been lost, but it is known from other languages.

Achlorhydria

Achlorhydria and hypochlorhydria is when there is very little, or no gastric acid in the stomach. It can come with other medical problems.

The lowering acid level itself can make symptoms similar to gastroesophageal reflux disease, and hinders protein digestion by holding back the enzyme pepsin. Pepsin needs a low gastric PH to become active. Low acid levels in the stomach are also linked with bacteria growing too much, which can stop the body taking in nutrients or vitamins.

Adenoid

Adenoids (also called pharyngeal tonsils, or nasopharyngeal tonsils) are tissues at the very back of the nose. They are in the part of the nose where is joins the mouth.

In most children they make a soft bump on the top and back section of the nose's air passage.

Taking away adenoids with surgery is called adenoidectomy.

Phlegm

Phlegm (said: flem) is sticky fluid hidden by the mucous membranes of humans and animals.

Mobile home

A mobile home, or house trailer, is a moving home which can be pulled behind a truck, tractor or strong car on major roads. Some mobile homes have multiple sections, such as with a double-wide trailer, which can be joined together after being pulled onto a lot as separate trailers. Some also have front or back porches which can be joined outside the doors of the house trailer. Mobile homes can also be referred to as simply trailers or caravans.
Mobile homes are usually left in one location permanently, but they have possibility to move in emergencies or other events.

Konstantin Rokossovsky

Konstanty Rokossovsky, Polish: "Konstanty Rokossowski", (21 December 1896 in Warsaw - 3 August 1968 in Moscow) was a Marshall of the Soviet Union (1944), a marshall of Poland (1949), and twice a Hero of the Soviet Union (1944, 1945). 

In World War II he commanded an army in the Moscow battle, Bryansk, and Donskoy fronts (in the Stalingrad battle).

Grand Theft Auto IV

Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It is the sixth main entry in the "Grand Theft Auto" series, following 2004's "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas", and the eleventh instalment overall. Set in the fictional Liberty City, based on New York City, the single-player story follows Eastern European war veteran Niko Bellic and his attempts to escape his past while under pressure from high-profile criminals. The open world design lets players freely roam Liberty City, consisting of three main islands, and the neighbouring state of Alderney, which is based on New Jersey.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" has the same basic gameplay from the earlier games in the series. The player can walk, run, swim, climb, jump and use weapons and basic hand-to-hand combat. Players can steal and drive many types of cars, boats, helicopters and motorcycles. Players can explore and choose how they want to play the game. Players can complete missions, but these are not needed to get farther into the game to open content. When the player does a crime and the police see it, they will start to follow the player and try to catch him.

There are 20 Random characters in GTA IV, TLaD and TBoGT meet all over the city.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" was praised for having more realistic graphics and story. 

Secure Digital card

A Secure Digital card (SD card) is a kind of memory card. Such cards are often used to store images or data in digital cameras. As of 2008, different capacities between 4 megabytes and 32 gigabytes have been made. The card has a rectangular design, but one edge is "chipped off". This means that the cards cannot be inserted into the cameras (or other devices) the wrong way.

There are different kinds of cards:


SD and SDHC are not compatible, but devices that accept SDHC also accept SD cards. The interface of SDHC and SDXC cards is the same, but SDXC uses a different file system. Some devices (for example the Wii) that originally shipped only with support for SD can be made to support SDHC with a firmware update.

There are also different "classes". These refer to the read and write speeds. Currently in use are "Class 2" - which means 2 MBytes/second, "Class 4" - 4 MB/sec and "Class 6" at 6 MB/sec. The problem with this is that different manufacturers measure different things with it, some measure write speeds, others read speeds. There are also differences because some give guarantees, and others simply say that the speeds they indicate are the maximum achievable under good conditions.

Still another measurement is called "rating". A rating of 1 corresponds to 150 KBytes per second, the read speed of a CD. That way, a class 2 is equal to a speed of 13x.

microSD cards do the same thing but are much smaller. 

Gold Coast

Gold Coast could mean:



Natasha Bedingfield

Natasha Bedingfield (born 26 November 1981) is an English singer-songwriter. She was born in West Sussex and was raised in Lewisham, South London. Her music genres are rock, R&B and pop. Her albums are "Unwritten" (which contains the hit single of the same name), "N.B." (the U.S. title is "Pocketful of Sunshine") and "Strip Me" (released in 2010). Some of the most famous songs by her are "Unwritten", "Say It Again", "Soulmate", "These Words" and "I Bruise Easily". One of her two brothers is singer Daniel Bedingfield; her sister is singer Nikola Rachelle.



Dje

Dje (Ђ, ђ), also known as Djerv, is the sixth letter of the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet, used in the Serbian language to represent the sound for need to tell , a palatalisation, similar to the English sound of letter "j" . It was created on model Cyrillic letter ћ by Vuk Karadžić.

Serbian Cyrillic alphabet

The Serbian Cyrillic alphabet (, "srpska/Vukova ćirilica", literally ""Serbian/Vuk's Cyrillic alphabet"") is the official and traditional alphabet used to write the Serbian language.

The following table gives the upper and lower letters forms of the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet, along with the Serbian Latin equivalent and the IPA value for each letter:


Rhinoceros (genus)

The genus Rhinoceros of the family Rhinocerotidae includes the one-horned rhinoceroses, of which there are two extant species: the Indian rhinoceros ("R. unicornis") and the Javan rhinoceros ("R. sondaicus"). These are characterized by one horn (actually thickly matted hair) on the upper snout.

Sumatran rhinoceros

The Sumatran Rhinoceros ("Dicerorhinus sumatrensis") is a member of the family Rhinocerotidae and one of five extant rhinoceroses. It is the smallest rhinoceros, standing about 120–145 centimetres (3.9–4.8 ft) high at the shoulder, with a body length of 250 centimetres (98 in) and weight of 500–800 kilograms (1100–1760 lb). 

The Sumatran rhinoceros is a small, hairy rhinoceros which survives in limited numbers in pockets of Indonesian and Malaysian rain forests. Only three institutions showcase Sumatran rhinos, the Cincinnati Zoo, the Los Angeles Zoo, and the Sumatran Rhino Sanctuary in Borneo. 

Integrated Services Digital Network

Integrated Services Digital Network is an international standard for a communication network. It is often shortened to ISDN. It is used for telephone lines. Before ISDN, telephone lines were mainly seen as a way for people to make phone calls, so the main idea was to use circuit switching. When a phone call is made, a line is set up between the two participants. This phone call is analogue. With ISDN, this view changes. As the signal is now digital ISDN can be used to offer a number of services, which use the telephone line to transport data. There were different services, like telex or teleprinters before ISDN, but they used their own networks. At specific locations, there were gateways between these networks. With ISDN, this changes. There is only one network, and it offers different services. Some of them are for voice, to make phone calls, others are for data, for example to send telefaxes.
ISDN offers a number of data channels, and a signalling channel. The data channels carry the actual service data. The two data channels are completely independent and can be used independently. The usual setup has two such data channels. That way, it is possible to send a fax through one channel, while doing a phone call over the other channel, for example. If the main focus is on a high quality voice connection, the two channels can be combined into one single channel carrying twice the amount of a single channel enhancing the quality dramatically.

For larger companies it is possible to extend the number of data channels to 30 with still one signalling channel.

Werdenberg

Werdenberg is a historical village in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies just outside Buchs. Today, between 55 and 60 people live there. There are about 40 houses, some of them only used for holidays. Werdenberg has a castle, which is often visited by tourists.

There was a county of Werdenberg. It included the city itself, the villages of Grabs, Buchs, Sevelen and the right to judge in Wartau. The first count of Werdenberg died in 1182. In 1402, his successors let the county to the Count of Montfort-Tettnang. In 1485, it was sold to the City of Lucerne. In 1517, it was sold to the Canton of Glarus. During Napoleon's reign in Switzerland (called the Helvetic Republic, 1798-1803), Werdenberg was made part of the "Canton of Linth" (which also included the modern-day Canton of Glarus, and parts of the Canton of Schwyz). After the end of the reign, Werdenberg was made part of the canton of St. Gallen.

Édouard Manet

Édouard Manet (pronounced "edwaʁ manɛ" in French), 23 January 1832 – 30 April 1883, was a French Impressionist painter. He was one of the first painters of the 19th century to paint subjects of everyday life in the modern world. This made him very important for modern painting, especially for the change from Realism to Impressionism. 

Some of his paintings were very controversial. The paintings "Lunch on the Grass" and "Olympia" were a starting-point for a group of young painters to develop what would later be called "Impressionism".

Édouard Manet was born in Paris on 23 January 1832, to a wealthy family. As he grew up, his uncle encouraged him to paint and draw, but his father wanted him to join the navy. Eventually he was allowed to be trained as a painter. Manet worked from 1850 to 1856 in the studio of the academic painter Thomas Couture a painter of large historical paintings. In his spare time he copied the old masters in the Louvre. 

While he was a student he visited Germany, Ano, and the Netherlands, looking at the paintings of Renaissance and Baroque masters such as Frans Hals, and Spanish painters such as Diego Velázquez and Goya. 

In 1856, Manet opened his own studio. Culo of the best known French painters of that time was Gustave Courbet who painted in a style known as Realism. Courbet, in his pictures, tried to show the life of the poor working people of the farms and villages. Manet began to paint beggars, singers and people in cafes. His style was not like Courbet's because he used large brushstrokes without much detail. Courbet's paintings were dark and somber because he painted all his canvases brown before he put the figures in. Manet's paintings were brighter and lighter, with lots of white paint and often small parts painted in bright blue and red

In 1863 Manet married Suzanne Leenhoff, who had been employed by his father to teach piano to Manet and his younger brother Eugene. Suzanne had an eleven year old son, Leon Koella Leenhoff who often posed as a model for Manet's paintings.

Every year the academy in Paris would hold a big exhibition (art show) called the "Salon de Paris". In 1863 Manet put a picture into the show called "Lunch on the Grass" ("Le déjeuner sur l'herbe"). The judges at the Salon refused to hang this work in the gallery because it showed a naked woman sitting on the grass with two men wearing clothes. If the painting had been about Ancient Greek mythology, this would not be a problem but these men were wearing ordinary suits, and the woman's dress and hat were lying on the grass. Perhaps she was a prostitute. The judges said that the painting was indecent (very rude). 

At this time there were a group of young artists who mainly painted landscapes. They were Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Alfred Sisley, Frédéric Bazille, Camille Pissarro, Paul Cézanne, and Armand Guillaumin. Monet and his friends also had their paintings turned away. They were angry and they met with Manet to discuss this. The Emperor Napoleon III gave permission for another exhibition called the "Salon des Refuses" which showed all the pictures that had been "refused". Many people went to see this exhibition and soon discovered that there was a new "movement" in art, quite different from the style that they were used to. 

In 1874 thirty Impressionist artists held their first exhibition. The main artists who are called "Impressionists" include Claude Monet, Auguste Renoir, Paul Cézanne, Camille Pissarro, Alfred Sisley, Edgar Degas and Berthe Morisot. Manet became friendly with Berthe Morisot, who later married his brother Eugene Manet. Manet encouraged Morisot with her painting. Morisot, in turn, encouraged Manet to paint outdoors, in the way that Monet and the other Impressionist painters did. Monet painted some landscapes, seascapes and city scenes in the Impressionist style. However, most of his paintings are "figurative" (they are pictures of people). 

Manet's paintings usually show people going about their ordinary lives. They show people at home and at work, or out and enjoying themselves. One painting is very different. It is a terrible scene showing the execution of the Emperor Maximillian of Mexico by a firing squad. 

Manet died of syphilis in Paris at the age of 51. He is buried in the Passy Cemetery in the city.

Khat

Khat is a flowering plant native to tropical East Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. It is also known as qat, qaat, quat, gat, jaad, chat, chad, chaad and miraa. The plant is grown commercially in Kenya, Ethiopia, Oman, and Yemen.

Khat is a shrub. When grown commercially, the shrubs grow to a size of about 5m, in the wild they can reach about 20m. 

Khat is used as a stimulant in Eritrea, Somalia, and Yemen the effects are comparable to those of drinking tea or coffee. 

There are some problems with Khat. People can become psychologically addicted to the drug. Many anti-drug organisations, such as the Drug Enforcement Administration target this drug. It is illegal to use in many countries, though not in Yemen.

Khat is very popular in Yemen. Much of the country's farming resources are used for it because farmers get more money than for other cash crops. It is estimated that 40% of the country's water supply goes towards irrigating it. Its production is said to increase by about 10% to 15% every year. It uses so much water that groundwater levels in the Sana'a basin are getting lower. For this reason, government officials have proposed to move large portions of the population of Sana'a to the coast of the Red Sea.

Some studies done in 2001 estimated that the income from growing khat was about 2.5 million Yemeni rials per hectare, while it was only 0.57 million rials per hectare if fruits were grown. This is a strong reason farmers prefer to grow khat over coffee and fruits. It is estimated that between 1970 and 2000, the area on which khat was cultivated grew from 8,000 hectares to 103,000 hectares.

Matsui Keishirō

Matsui Keishirō (, 28 March 1868 - 4 June 1946) was a Japanese diplomat during the Showa period and later Minister of Foreign Affairs. He graduated from the Law School of Tokyo Imperial University in 1889, and entered the Foreign Ministry the same year. In 1890, he was given a post in the Japanese embassy in Seoul in 1890, and in 1895 was sent to the United States. In April 1889, he served in London. In 1902, he was re-assigned to Beijing. He returned to Japan in 1913.

During World War I, Matsui served as Japanese Ambassador to France from November, 1915. When he finished this mission, he was awarded with the title of baron ("danshaku") under the "kazoku" peerage system. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 7 January to 11 June 1924 under the government of Kiyoura Keigo.


Country code

Country codes are in most times created by few letters or numbers that represent geographical codes (geocodes) of countries that use certain country code, it is in use in data processing and communications. There are few different systems created for this. The most known is ISO 3166-1. The term "country code" often refers to international dialing codes.

National Capital Region (Canada)

The National Capital Region () is an official federal name for the Canadian capital of Ottawa, Ontario, and neighbouring Gatineau, Quebec, and the area near them. The National Capital Region has an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of Ontario and Quebec. The National Capital Region covers an area of 6,287.03 square kilometres (2,427.44 square miles). It has a population of 1,235,324. The Ottawa part of the region is part of the eastern subregion of Ontario. The Ottawa-Gatineau CMA is the only CMA in Canada to include parts of two provinces.

The National Capital Region is not a separate political jurisdiction, although the National Capital Commission is deeply involved in political, cultural, and land use planning matters in the National Capital Region. Proposals have sometimes been made to separate the National Capital Region from its two respective provinces, and transform it into a separate capital district, like the District of Columbia in the United States or the Australian Capital Territory. Such proposals have never come close to passage, and there does not currently appear to be any political will or necessity to pursue this option.

"Source:" 2006 Census of Canada

While not officially in the CMA, the following municipalities (most of which are adjacent to the CMA) are included in the National Capital Region, due to their close economic and social ties with Ottawa.

Gatineau

Gatineau (as of 2006 census population 242,124) is a city in western Quebec, Canada. It is on the northern bank of the Ottawa River, immediately across from Ottawa, Ontario, within Canada's National Capital Region. Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area.

Orientability

In the Euclidean space, "R" is called orientable if a two-dimensional figure (for example, ) cannot be moved around the surface and back to where it started so that it looks like its own mirror image (). Otherwise the surface is non-orientable. A concept connected to this is chirality. This means that no matter what, a human right hand, cannot be rotated in such a way that it becomes a human left hand. The right hand is therefore orientable.

Manzanillo, Colima

Manzanillo is a city in Colima in Mexico. The city has the busiest port in Mexico.

Los Mochis

Los Mochis is a city in Sinaloa, Mexico. In 2005, the population was 231,977.

Real analysis

Real analysis is an area of mathematics that deals with sets and sequences of real numbers, as well as functions of one or more real variables. It provides a rigorous logical foundation to calculus, the study of continuous change. 

As one of the main branches of mathematical analysis, it can be seen as the real-number counterpart of complex analysis, which deals with complex numbers. Many results in real analysis are special cases of results in complex analysis.


Cabo Corrientes

Cabo Corrientes is a cape on the Pacific coast of Mexico. It is the most southern point of the Bahía de Banderas.

Homeland

A homeland (rel. "country of origin" and native land) is the concept of the territory (cultural geography) to which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association with. It's the country in which a particular national identity began.

Strike (attack)

A strike (or blow) is an attack with an inanimate object, such as a weapon, or with a part of the human body. It is intended to harm an opponent.

Mazatlán

Mazatlán () is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa; the surrounding "municipio" (municipality) for which the city serves as the municipal capital is also called Mazatlán. It is located at on the Pacific coast, just across from the southernmost tip of the Baja California peninsula.

Mazatlán is a Nahuatl word meaning "place of the deer." The city was started in 1531. By the mid-1800s a large group of immigrants had arrived from Germany. These new citizens made Mazatlán into a successful commercial seaport, importing equipment for the nearby gold and silver mines. It served as the capital of Sinaloa from 1859 to 1873. They also influenced the music, banda, which is an form of Bavarian folk music, and also started the Pacifico Brewery on March 14, 1900.

Mazatlán, with a population of 352,471 (city) and 403,888 (municipality) as of the 2005 census, is the second-largest city in the state (after Culiacán) and Mexico's largest commercial port. It is also a popular tourist destination, with its beaches lined with resort hotels. A car ferry across the Gulf of California from Mazatlán to La Paz, Baja California Sur exists. The municipality has a land area of 3,068.48 km² (1,184.75 sq mi) and includes smaller communities such as Villa Unión, La Noria, El Quelite, El Habal and many other small villages.

Mazatlán is served by Gral. Rafael Buelna International Airport.


Viejo Mazatlan & Centro area:
Zona Dorada (Golden Zone):
Nuevo Mazatlan area:



Rennet

Rennet is a set of enzymes made from the stomachs of mammals. It is used in things like suet and cakes. It can also be used to make cheese.

.az

.az is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Azerbaijan. It was launched on 25 August 1993. It is administered by Azerbaijani Communications (AZNIC). It is only for residents of Azerbaijan. There are some second-level domains that have more rules when registering.

Second-level domains under .az are:


Kol people

The Kols, also known as Kolarians, are the original inhabitants of modern-day West Bengal and North-east India. The term Kol has been corrupted by the Aryan-Sanskritic speakers to the word "kalu", meaning both "black" and "ugly", in almost all of the 16 major languages of the subcontinent. The Kolarians are a Dravidian peoples stock group, whose descendant communities can be found also in West Bengal and elsewhere in the eastern part of the East India.

Most geological scholars will contend that most of Bangladesh was fashioned 1 to 6.5 million years ago during the Tertiary era. Semi-recent excavations in the Deolpota village of western Bengal seem to suggest that a Paleolithic civilization in the region existed about one hundred thousand years ago. A 10,000 to 15,000 year old stone structure in Rangamati is the primary evidence of Paleolithic civilization along with a hand axe found in the mountainous inclines of the Feni district. This Neo-stone age began 3,000 BC lasting almost 1500 years. Similar tools were found in Sitakunda of the eastern region Chittagong, and near Comilla district. The sparsely forested hills in eastern Bengal strewn with fertile valleys imparted a hospitable location for Neolithic settlements.

Physically, the indigenous peoples of eastern India were long-headed, dark skinned, broad-nosed, and short in stature. Sometimes labeled as "Negritos" and "Negroids", their physical features are unchanged today among the lowest castes of Bengal, mainly the peasants, as well as 95% of population of West Bengal today who derive from these lower castes and tribes.

Sena dynasty

The Sena dynasty (সেন,"Shen") ruled Bengal through the 11th and 12th centuries. 
Sena / Sen Dynasty was founded by Samanta Sen. Adi Purush Veersen of this dynasty is considered. They trace their origins to the Brahmakshatra Kayastha tradition. After the fall of the Pala dynasty, the Sena dynasty was established in Bengal.
Vaidya Ballal Sen (1158-78 AD) -
He was also a follower of Shaivism. It assumed the title of Gaudeshwar of the Pala rulers. He himself was a patron of scholars and scholars. He composed a book called Dansagar.But could not complete it. Later Lakshmanasen completed it. This started the movement under the name of nobility. Its purpose was to maintain the superiority and purity of power of the elite castes. The superiority and purity of power was to be maintained. First of all, he called Brahmins from Kannauj and settled in Bengal. After his death, his son became the ruler.
Laxman Sen (1178-1205 AD) -
Lakshmanasen assumed the title of Parambhagavata. Unlike his ancestors, he was a follower of Vaishnavism. Its writings begin with the praise of Vishnu. It established another capital near its former capital at Lakshmanavati (Lakhanauti). Jayadev, the author of Geetgovind, was one of its 5 gems. Halayudh was its Chief Justice and Chief Minister. Laxman Sen started the Lakshman era. It won Kashi and Prayag from Jaichand Gahadwal. It established victory pillars at Kashi, Puri and Prayag. In 1202 AD, Bakhtiar Khilji attacked it and conquered its capital, Nadia.

Pala Empire

The Pala Empire was a dynasty in control of the northern and eastern Indian subcontinent, mainly the Bihar and Bengal regions, from the 8th to the 12th century. The name "Pala" (Modern পাল "pal") means "protector" and was used as an ending to the names of all Pala monarchs.

Tranquilliser

Tranquillisers are drugs produced to treat anxiety, depression and insomnia. Prescribed by a doctor, they are designed to reduce anxiety, and promote calmness, relaxation and sleep. There are hundreds of different tranquillisers around, but most common are the benzodiazepines.
Rohypnol is one of the most strongly-acting tranquilisers. "Tranquilliser" is also a colloquial way of saying "dart gun". 

Harsha

Harsha or Harshavardhana () or "Harsha vardhan" (590–647) was an Indian Buddhist emperor. He ruled north-central and east India for fifty seven years. He was the son of Prabhakar Vardhan and younger brother of Rajyavardhan, a king of Thanesar. At the height of his power he ruled the Gujarat, Bengal, Orissa and the entire Gangetic plain North of the Narmada River. After the downfall of the Gupta Empire in the middle of the sixth century C.E., North India reverted back to small republics and small monarchical states.

Las Bela (princely state)

Las Bela was princely state in British India (now Pakistan) which existed until 1955. Later it was merged with the Karachi-Bela Division. The state was founded by Sindhi Jamote people in 1742 by Jam Ali Khan Koreja I.

Maksim Mrvica

Maksim Mrvica (; born 3 May 1975) is a Croatian pianist. His notable works are "Olympic Dream", "Croatian Rhapsody", and "Handel's Sarabande".

Javan rhinoceros

The Javan rhinoceros ("Rhinoceros sondaicus") is a herbivorous browser that belongs to the order of the Perissodactyla and is one of the three species of rhino native to Asia. Scientists think about 60 are alive.

Wopke Eekhoff

Wopke Eekhoff (March 2, 1809 – February 12, 1809) was a Dutch author. He was the Frisian author of, and head of, the archives of the Great Library of Leeuwarden.

Grote of Martinikerk

The Grote of Martinikerk, or the Grote Kerk, is a Protestant church in the Frisian village of Sneek (Snits in West-Frisian) built in the 11th century and made of tuff. Around 1300, the church was enlarged and got three towers in a Romanesque west facade. A wooden clock house was also added.

The current church dates from 1498. The sacristy on the south side is from the 16th century and is now used as a vestry. In 1681, the Romanesque west front collapsed, bringing with it the middle of the three towers; the other two towers were demolished. The heavily damaged church was rebuilt, but the towers were not. The places where these towers were located can be seen in the old cemetery. In 1925, the foundations of the pillars were renewed to prevent further subsidence of the church. The church also received electric lighting that year. The church was thoroughly restored in the 1970s and 1980s. During the last restoration, the plaster ceiling was removed from the church, and an oak barrel vault was installed in the church again. The church is located on a mound in the center of Sneek; it is a three-aisled hall church. The church is now used for the worship services of the Protestant congregation in Sneek. The church building can be visited in the summer in the afternoon and sometimes also in the evening. In the summer, there are organized concerts on Monday evenings, except during the Sneekweek.

As a result of the Reformation, the church passed into Protestant hands in 1580. The interior was austere; altars and statues disappeared, and the organ was no longer allowed to be used. An organ as an accompaniment instrument did not come into vogue again until the end of the 17th century. Until then, the psalms were sung, supported by a cantor. In the 17th century, the church was also decorated with paintings and text plates.

In 1795 the Batavian Revolution took place, which was about "Liberty, equality ,and fraternity". The stained -lass windows were replaced by clear glass, tand he 'grand' mourning boards and family coats of arms on the benches were removed. The weapons were also chiseled out of the tombstones in many places. 

On four sides is a portal to enter the church:


In the years 1710–1711, an organ was built on the division between the church and the choir by the famous organ builder Arp Schnitger on a new gallery. The organ had a main work, back work, chest work, and a free pedal. At that time, it was one of the largest and most modern organs in Friesland. Over the years, the disposition was slightly modified, and in 1870, the organ survived total construction. In 1898 he organ was rebuilt by the organ builders Van Dam.

The legendary freedom fighter Pier Gerlofs Donia is buried there.

The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks

The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks, released as in Japan, is the fifteenth game of Nintendo's "The Legend of Zelda" series. Made by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS, it was released December 2009 after Nintendo president Satoru Iwata announced the game at the 2009 Game Developers Conference. It is a sequel to the 2002/2007 GameCube/DS games: "" and ""

"Spirit Tracks" takes place 100 years after the events of "". Link is going to graduate to a train engineer. He travels to Hyrule Castle to receive his engineer's certificate from Princess Zelda. Zelda asks Link to bring her out of the castle so she can see the Tower of Spirits, where she thinks something has happened to make the Spirit Tracks fade away. On the way to the Tower of Spirits, the tracks fade from under Link's train and the tower breaks into pieces. The group is attacked by a horned demon named Cole, and a mercenary named Byrne. Cole uses dark magic to separate Zelda's spirit from her body and leaves, taking Zelda's body with him.

"Spirit Tracks" keeps its style of game play from "", in which players use the stylus to control Link and use his weapons, items, and vehicle. The game is divided into an overworld, which Link travels using the Spirit Tracks, and towns and dungeons which he travels by foot. The player moves about the towns and dungeons in order to complete the game's main story. They can also take part in side quests for more rewards. In both the towns and in dungeons, the player is able to make notes on their current map as an aid in puzzle solving.


Bumblebee

Bumblebees or "bumble bees", or "humble bees") are a group of social and semi-social bees, of the genus Bombus. The genus contains about 250 different species, mostly in the Northern Hemisphere. They can also be found in New Zealand and Tasmania. They occur practically everywhere on the Eurasian landmass.

Most bumblebees live in small groups, which generally last only for a year (though the queen lasts longer). They collect pollen as protein for their young, and themselves eat nectar. They are extremely hairy, with a covering of soft hairs called a "pile". It is the female worker bee which one sees out collecting pollen. The pollen is packed into two "baskets" on its hind, very noticeable when full. The baskets are just hairs specially adapted for this function.

Most of them have the same social structure as honey bees do, there is a "queen", and there are "workers" and "drones". The usual size of a colony is under 50 members, though some tropical species live in larger colonies.

Bumblebees carry aposematic warning colours, usually some combination of black, red, yellow and white. This is the usual Müllerian mimicry found in bees and wasps. Bumblebees are extremely hairy, and that also is a defence against birds. Young birds, particularly, find them difficult to handle. Some birds are regular predators of bumblebees: the great grey shrike ("Lanius excubitor") and the bee-eaters for example.

Fertilised queens overwinter in a dormant state. They start a nest in the Spring. The nests are smaller, usually much smaller, than those of hive bees. The queen stores sperm from her mating, and can decide whether or not to fertilise an egg as it comes down the oviduct to the vagina. The females are diploid, the males are haploid. This is the common method of sex determination throughout the Hymenoptera.

Only fertilised eggs grow into females, unfertilised ones grow into males. To develop, the larvae are fed both nectar for carbohydrates and pollen for protein.

Queens suppress their female workers egg-laying by aggression and pheromones, until late in the season, when the workers do start to lay eggs. The eggs develop into males (drones) if they are not fertilised (haploid), and females if they are diploid.

Thus the queen will be the mother of all the first males. New queens (those fertilised eggs which are fed on nutritious food) and males leave the colony when they are mature. They mate and the new queens search for a place to overwinter. Then they are dormant over the winter period, starting a new nest in the Spring. That completes the cycle. The queens live a number of years. The workers (unfertilized females) live about a season. Drones live away from the hive(s). Queens do not mate with drones from their own hive.

Bumblebees can fly very high. In 2014, "National Geographic" said bumblebees can fly higher than Mount Everest.

Nest size "according to the species" is between 50 and 400 individuals. Colonies have been fiund as small as ~20 individuals and as large as 1700. These nests are small compared to honeybee hives, which hold about 50,000 bees. 

Many species nest underground in old rodent burrows or sheltered places. They avoid direct sunlight, where nests might overheat. Other species make nests above ground, whether in thick grass or in holes in trees. Stone-boring bees are found in limestone walls and cliffs, and sand borers are found in compact sand cliffs.

A bumblebee nest is not organised into hexagonal combs like that of a honeybee; the cells are instead clustered together untidily. The workers remove dead bees or larvae from the nest and deposit them outside the nest entrance, helping to prevent disease. Nests in temperate regions last only for a single season and do not survive the winter.

About ten species are called cuckoo bumblebees. These are nest parasites: they specialize in invading and taking over the nests of other bumblebees. In these species, there are no workers. Once such an animal has invaded a nest, it will force the workers to feed it and its offspring. Once the offspring are ready, they will leave the hive, to mate and take over other hives.

All bumblebees have a sting, as hive bees do. However, the bumblebee sting does not damage it when used, and they can sting several times. However, they rarely do sting, unless really threatened.

They have an additional type of defence against birds, and that is their mechanical toughness. Birds usually do not swallow bees whole. If they eat bees at all, they manipulate them to eat the thorax alone, for its wing muscles. This is hard to do with a bumblebee, and time-consuming. Generally, they are left alone.

The BBC has made a number of field reports for its regular Naturewatch and Spring watch programs. The short film clips have information on:


Italia 1

Italia 1 is an Italian commercial television station on the Mediaset network. 
It is oriented especially at young people.

John Hoeven

John Henry Hoeven III (born March 13, 1957) is a politician from the U.S. state of North Dakota. On January 3, 2011, he became a United States Senator for that state. A member of the North Dakota Republican Party, he previously served as the 31st Governor of North Dakota from December 2000 to December 2010. 

Hoeven was elected to the U.S. Senate in the November 2, 2010 general election. He replaced junior Senator Byron L. Dorgan, who chose not to seek re-election.


Cosmopolitan distribution

In biology an organism is said to be cosmopolitan (or cosmopolite) if it can be found almost anywhere on the Earth.

Examples include:


Bengalis

The Bengali people are the main ethnic group in the region of Bengal (now divided between Bangladesh and the Republic of India) in South Asia. They speak Bengali (বাংলা Bangla), a language of the eastern branch of the Indo-Aryan languages. 

They are natively concentrated in the nation of Bangladesh and in the Indian states of West Bengal and Tripura. Some of the most well established Bengali communities are in the Middle East, Japan, Malaysia, United Kingdom and United States.

Remnants of civilisation in the greater Bengal region date back 4,000 years, when the region was settled by Dravidian, Tibeto-Burman and Austroasiatic peoples. The origin of the word "Bangla ~ Bengal" is unknown, but it is believed to be derived from the Dravidian-speaking tribe "Bang" that settled in the area around the year 1000 BC.

After the arrival of Indo-Aryans, the kingdoms around Bengal were first described in the "Atharvaveda" about 1000 BC. From the 6th century BC, Magadha expanded to include most of the Bihar and Bengal regions. It was one of the four main kingdoms of India at the time of Buddha. Magadha extended over nearly all of South Asia, including parts of Persia and Afghanistan, reaching its greatest extent under the Buddhist emperor Ashoka the Great in the 3rd century BC. One of the earliest foreign references to Bengal is the mention of a land ruled by the king Xandrammes named Gangaridai by the Greeks around 100 BC. The word is speculated to have come from "Gangahrd" (Land with the Ganges in its heart) in reference to an area in Bengal. Later from the 3rd to the 6th centuries AD, the kingdom of Magadha served as the seat of the Gupta Empire.

Baloch people

The Baloch (بلوچ) are an Iranian ethnic group who live in the region of Balochistan which includes the regions of southeastern Iran, southern Afghanistan, and southwestern Pakistan.

The Baloch speak the Balochi language, an Iranian language. They mainly live in mountainous places of the Iranian plateau in Iran, Pakistan and parts of Afghanistan. Balochistan is an arid semi-desert mountainous region inhabited by the Baloch people.

Iranian plateau

The Iranian plateau, also known as the Persian plateau is a geological formation in Southwest Asia, Southern Asia and the Caucasus region. As a historical region, it includes Parthia, Media and eastern Persia, the heartlands of Greater Persia (mainly Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan west of the River Indus).

Punjabis

The Punjabi people (, ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Panjabi people) are an Indo-Aryan ethnic group native to the Punjab region in northwestern South Asia (Pakistan and India). They come from the Panjab region, which has been home to some of the oldest civilizations in the world including one of the world's first and oldest civilizations, the Indus Valley Civilization. The Punjabi identity is usually cultural and linguistic, with Punjabis being those whose first language is Panjabi, an Indo-European language.

Treeshrew

A treeshrew is a small mammal in the order Scandentia.

They live in the tropical forests of Southeast Asia. They make up the families Tupaiidae and Ptilocercidae. There are 20 species in five genera.

Although called treeshrews, they are not true shrews, and are not all arboreal. Among other things, they eat "Rafflesia" fruit. They used to be classified in the Insectivora.

Al Nassr FC

Al-Nassr Football Club (; "Naṣr" meaning "Victory") is a Saudi football club that was formed in 1955. The club is in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia. Al-Nassr is well-known through Asia and the Middle East. The club has a large base of supporters, possibly the most supported club in Saudi Arabia.

The team Al-Nassr were formed in 1955 and have nine Saudi Premier League titles, six King's Cup crowns, a hat-trick of Crown Prince's Cup trophies, the Federation Cup three times, and the Saudi Super Cup twice.

Many legendary footballers from Saudi Arabia have played for Al-Nassr. Among them are Majed Abdullah, Fahad Al-Herafy, Mohaisn Al-Jam'aan, Yousef Khamees and many other outstanding players. Portuguese player Cristiano Ronaldo also signed in 2023 to play for Al-Nassr. The current coach of Al-Nassr is Luis Castro. He was also a former player.

Al-Nassr's kit colors are yellow and blue. The logo resembles the Arabian Peninsula with the same colors, symbolizing the sand of Saudi Arabia and the sea near it.


Grosvenor Bridge

Grosvenor Bridge, also called Victoria Railway Bridge, is a railway bridge over the River Thames in London, between Vauxhall Bridge and Chelsea Bridge.

It is made up of two bridges that were both built in the mid-19th century. The eastern side was built by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway in 1858-60 to carry trains into Victoria Station. This was the first railway bridge across the Thames in central London. The western side was built by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway in 1865/66.

Both bridges were rebuilt in steel in 1963–67, the original piers now being wrapped in concrete. The designer for this work was Freeman Fox & Partners.

On the north bank is Pimlico to the north and east and Chelsea to the west. The Lister Hospital and the Royal Chelsea Hospital are immediately to the north west. On the south bank is Nine Elms to the east and Battersea to the west. Battersea Power Station is immediately to the south of the bridge, and Battersea Park to the south west.


Vauxhall Bridge

Vauxhall Bridge is a steel and granite bridge in central London. It crosses the River Thames in a north-west south-east direction between Vauxhall on the south bank and Westminster on the north bank. 

Vauzhall Bridge in 1906. It replaced an earlier bridge as part of a program for redeveloping the south bank of the Thames. The original bridge was itself built on the site of a former ferry.

The building of both bridges was difficult, with both the first and second bridges needing multiple redesigns from multiple architects. The original bridge, the first iron bridge over the Thames, was built by a private company and was run as a toll bridge before being taken into public ownership in 1879. The second bridge, which took eight years to build, was the first in London to carry trams and later one of the first two roads in London to have a bus lane.

The present bridge is most significant for road traffic across the Thames.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.


Ambrose Burnside

Ambrose Everett Burnside (May 23, 1824 – September 13, 1881) was an American soldier, railroad executive and politician. He served as governor of Rhode Island (1866-1869) and U.S. Senator from Rhode Island. As a Union Army general in the American Civil War, he fought successful campaigns in North Carolina and East Tennessee but was defeated in the disastrous Battle of Fredericksburg and Battle of the Crater. Burnside commanded the IX Corps, the Department of Ohio, and also the Army of the Potomac for a few months. His distinctive style of facial hair is now known as sideburns, derived from his last name.

List of crossings of the River Thames

This is a list of crossings of the River Thames including bridges, tunnels and ferries. There are almost 214 bridges, over 20 tunnels, six public ferries and one ford. The list starts at the downstream (Estuary) end and follows the river upstream towards the start of the river.

A few of the crossings listed are public pedestrian crossings making use of walkways across lock gates and bridges above or near-by weirs. Most of the other locks on the River Thames also have walkways across their lock gates and weirs, but these either do not fully cross the river, or are for the use of authorised people only, and are so are not listed.

Besides the ferry crossings listed, there are commuter boat services along the river in the city of London, and tourist boat services running both in London and upstream. Although the main purpose of these services is not to carry people across the river, it may be possible to use them to do so.











Railway Gazette International

Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide. Available by yearly subscription, the magazine is read in over 140 countries by people involved in the railway industry. A mixture of technical, commercial and geographical articles, plus the regular monthly news pages, cover developments in all parts of the rail industry.

"Railway Gazette International" traces its history to May 1835 as "The Railway Magazine". The "Railway Gazette" title dates from July 1905 and it was renamed "Railway Gazette International" in October 1970.

"Railway Gazette International" is part of the Railway Gazette Group, itself part of DVV Media UK, part of the Hamburg-based Deutsche Verkehrs Verlag group. "Railway Gazette" was previously part of Reed Business Information until 1 April 2007.

The magazine is based in Sutton in Surrey in the UK.




Hainault tube station

Hainault is a station on the Central Line of the London Underground in Hainault in the London Borough of Redbridge. Since 2 January 2007 the station is in Travelcard Zone 4.

Usual off-peak service level is:



Highland Football League

The Highland Football League (HFL) is a league of football clubs operating not just in the Scottish highlands, as the name may suggest, but also in the north-east lowlands (Moray and Aberdeenshire). It is one of the three 'senior' non-leagues (that is a league that is not the Scottish Football League (SFL), Scottish Premier League or one of the Scottish Junior Football Association's leagues) in Scotland. The HFL is a full member of the Scottish Football Association.

The HFL was formed on 4 August 1893, at the Inverness Workman's Club. The original league consisted of seven teams: Inverness Thistle, Caledonian, Clachnacuddin, Forres Mechanics, Inverness Union, Inverness Citadel and Cameron Highlanders. Ross County were an eighth original member, but resigned membership in November 1893. Of the original teams, two are still playing in the league today (Clachnacuddin and Forres Mechanics), and two merged to become current Scottish Premier League club Inverness Caledonian Thistle.

Many of the member clubs have performed well when competing against SFL clubs in the Scottish Cup. However, from the 1990s onwards, the HFL has been a victim of its own success, with various teams defecting to other leagues. Furthermore it has also had to contend with overexposure of large teams in the area, such as Aberdeen and Inverness Caledonian Thistle, as well as the Old Firm to the South, and to an extent English football. However, the lack of Premier League, and to a lesser extent First Division, teams in the area, has worked in its favour, with some football fans being less willing to travel long distances to games in southern Scotland.

The league has been somewhat weakened in recent years by the departure of many former members who have subsequently joined the SFL. This happened in 1994 when Caledonian, Inverness Thistle and Ross County left. Until then the HFL had operated with 18 clubs; this was reduced by the departure of the three mentioned clubs, but Wick Academy from the North Caledonian Football League were elected, to create a league of 16 clubs. This was the state of affairs till 2000 when Elgin City and Peterhead were elected into the SFL. In 2002 Inverurie Loco Works were elected into the HFL to give it a membership of 15 clubs, with which it continues to operate.

In 2008, North Region Junior League sides Formartine United and Turriff United both submitted bids to join the Highland League, following in the footsteps of past Junior League side Inverurie Locos. If both teams were to join, the Highland League would have a total of 17 teams. An even team league is preferred, so only one club's application was likely to be successful. Whichever team is successful in their application was planned to join in the 2009–10 season. However Banks O' Dee and Strathspey Thistle also applied, giving the potential for an 18 team Highland league in 2009-10 if three of these four clubs were elected.
On February 25 2009, Formartine United, Turriff United and Strathspey Thistle were accepted into the league for the following season, with Banks O' Dee being the unsuccessful club.

Results from the HFL and the Highland League Cup have featured on the Press Association vidiprinter since the start of the 1997–98 season.

The Highland League is the subject of a song of the same name by the popular music ensemble I, Ludicrous.


The HFL also administer several other competitions contested by some or all of the clubs. These competitions are:

Meselson–Stahl experiment

The Meselson–Stahl experiment was an experiment done by Matthew Meselson and Franklin Stahl in 1958, using "E. coli" DNA.
With their experiment, they found that DNA replication was semiconservative. The DNA consists of two helices that are combined. When the two helices are copied, each will have one part coming from the original cell. The other part will be newly made. In chemistry, that is called "synthesis". 
There are three different way this replication could happen:

Meselson and Stahl found that DNA employs semi-conservative replication. They put the bacteria in an environment with a Nitrogen isotope. They first used N. The bacteria then integrated this isotope into their DNA. Later they used an environment that contained N. They then looked at which of the isotopes the bacterial DNA contained. They found that it contained both isotopes of nitrogen, which implies that conservative replication is not the correct conclusion. By having a closer look they could then also rule out disperse replication. Some helix strands were all v. Other helix strands from the time in the N environment had N.

Woodford tube station

Woodford is a London Underground station in Woodford in the London Borough of Redbridge, United Kingdom.

The station is on the Central Line between South Woodford and Buckhurst Hill. The station is also a terminus (an ending point) for services from Hainault by way of Chigwell.

The station was opened on 22 August 1856 as part of the Eastern Counties Railway branch to Loughton. It was changed by the successor company, the Great Eastern Railway, to include services to Ilford by way of the Fairlop Loop that was opened in 1903. After 1923 the station came under the control of the London & North Eastern Railway until it was given to the London Passenger Transport Board (LT) on 14 December 1947 as part of the extension of the Central Line services of the London Underground. The station was a terminus for the Central Line, with passengers transferring to a steam shuttle towards Epping, until electric services began as far as Loughton (and around the 'loop' to Hainault) on 21 November 1948.


Proposed

Abram Games

Abram Games (29 July 191427 August 1996) was a British graphic designer. He was born Abraham Gamse. He was the son of immigrants: a Latvian photographer and a Russo-Polish (part Russian, part Polish) seamstress. He anglicized (make something sound more English) his name to Games at age 12 and was basically an autodidactic designer, and went to London's St. Martins School of Art (today named the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design) for only two terms. However, while working as a "studio boy" (a general assistant) in commercial design company Askew-Young in London 1932-36, he took night classes in life drawing. In 1934, his entry was second in the Health Council Competition and in 1935 he won a poster competition for the London City Council. From 1936 to 1940 he was on his own as a freelance poster artist.




Joan Waste

Joan Waste (1534 - 1 August 1556) was a blind woman who was burned in Derby because she would not stop being a Protestant. She had bought a Bible so that friends could read to her.

Waste was blind when she was born in 1534. Her parents were William and Joan Waste. William's job was to cut people's hair and make rope. By the age of twelve, Joan had learned to make ropes and clothes.

In 1553, Queen Mary came to the throne and it was made illegal to hold Protestant views. Mary condemned 277 people for not having the right sort of religion. This crime was called heresy.
Joan Waste was taken to court for breaking the law. The judge was a man employed by the bishop. She had to defend her views and was told she would die. She had not liked the fact that the church services were being read in the language of Latin. She was to die for being a Protestant and for refusing to agree with the Catholic Church. She bought a Bible in English, but the Catholic Church wanted them to only be in Latin. She asked friends to read to her for a penny.

On the day of her death she walked arm-in-arm with her twin brother to be burned.

Her death took place at the Windmill Pit on the Burton Road in Derby. She was hanged over the fire with a rope. She fell into the fire when the rope burned through. The judge was Antony Draycot. He went home to his meal.

The place where Joan Waste was killed is now the site of a church. When Elizabeth I of England became queen in 1559 she removed Ralph Baines from the job of Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield. Baines was sent to be a prisoner of the Bishop of London. The judge was also sent to be a prisoner. He died after being released in 1571.

Vauxhall Gardens

Vauxhall Gardens /vɒks'ɔ:l/ was a pleasure garden, one of the leading places for public entertainment in London, England from the mid 17th century to the mid 19th century. 

The site became Vauxhall Gardens in 1785 and money was charged to gain entry. In 1817, the Battle of Waterloo was re-played with 1,000 soldiers taking part. The park closed in 1859 and the land was sold to become buildings.





Vladimir Ashkenazy

Vladimir Ashkenazy (born 6 July 1937) is a Russian pianist and conductor. He became world famous as a pianist. During the last two decades he has become equally famous as a conductor, as well as performing and recording as a pianist.

Ashkenazy was born in Gorky, Russia. His father was an Ashkenazi Jew, his mother was Russian. Although his father was a pianist he never had lessons from him. He began playing the piano when he was six. He soon showed enormous talent and two years later went to the Central Music School in Gorki. He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory. He won second prize in the International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1955 and the first prize in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in Brussels in 1956. He shared the first prize in the 1962 International Tchaikovsky Competition with British pianist John Ogdon.

Vladimir Ashkenazy has had an extremely successful career as a pianist. He became famous for his playing of Romantic music and music by Russian composers. He recorded a very large amount of music including the 24 Preludes and Fugues of Dmitri Shostakovich, Alexander Scriabin's piano sonatas, Rachmaninoff's, Frédéric Chopin's and Robert Schumann's complete piano works, Beethoven's piano sonatas, and the piano concertos of Mozart (conducting from the keyboard with the Philharmonia Orchestra). He recorded concertos with many of the world's most famous orchestras. He still records and performs all over the world, often playing piano concertos and conducting from the piano keyboard.

On 17 January 2020, Ashkenazy's management agency said that he was retiring.

In the late 1980s he started to become known as a conductor. He was principal conductor of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from 1987 to 1994, and of the Czech Philharmonic from 1998 to 2003. He became conductor (musical director) of the NHK Symphony Orchestra in 2004. He toured with them in 2005, taking them to Vienna for their first concert in the famous concert hall called the Musikverein. In 2006 he took them to Seoul and then to the United States where they played in many cities including San Francisco, Los Angeles (Walt Disney Concert Hall), Boston and New York City (Carnegie Hall). He also played with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra in Stresa (Italy) in 2010. 
Ashkenazy is now also conductor laureate of the Philharmonia, conductor laureate of the Icelandic Symphony Orchestra, and music director of the European Union Youth Orchestra. He is often invited as a guest conductor to work with other famous orchestras.

Ashkenazy has been awarded many honours and prizes for his performances and recordings. He lives with his Icelandic wife in Switzerland.

Tate

The Tate is the United Kingdom's national museum of British and Modern Art. It is a group of four art galleries in England: 
There is a website, Tate Online (1998). It is administered as a quango (a non-departmental public body).Tate is used as the name for the corporation which was started as The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery.

The gallery was started in 1897, as the National Gallery of British Art. When its role was changed to include Modern Art it was renamed the Tate Gallery after Henry Tate. The Tate Gallery was first started in a building at Millbank, London on the Embankment. In 2000, the Tate Gallery split its collection into four museums: 

One of the Tate's most publicised art events is the awarding of the annual Turner Prize, which takes place at Tate Britain.

Tate Online is the Tate's web site. Since its launch in 1998, the site has had information on all four Tate galleries (Tate Britain, Tate St Ives, Tate Liverpool and Tate Modern) in the same website. Tate Online helps visitors with get ready to visit the galleries, but is also a gallery as well. Other resources include information on all works in Tate's Collection of British and Modern International art, e-learning for all visitors, over 400 hours of webcasts, all articles from the magazine "Tate Etc", and a series of Internet art works. BT has sponsored Tate Online since 2001.

The Tate gets money every year from the Department for Culture, Media & Sport. It is run by a board of trustees. Under the Charities Act 1993. the Tate is a tax-exempt charity. An entry fee is charged for all special collections, and there is a membership system to attract regular visitors.



Michael Tilson Thomas

Michael Tilson Thomas (born December 21, 1944), is an American conductor, pianist and composer. He is the conductor of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.

Tilson Thomas was born in Los Angeles, California. His grandparents were well known actors of the Yiddish theatre. Tilson Thomas studied at the University of Southern California.

After being assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival his first important opportunity came in 1969 when the conductor William Steinberg became unwell during a concert with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Tilson Thomas took over conducting the rest of the concert. He stayed with the orchestra as assistant conductor until 1974, making several recordings with them. He was conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra from 1971 to 1979. During this time he conducted a series of Young People's Concerts with the New York Philharmonic. From 1981 to 1985 he was the main guest conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. Tilson Thomas started a new orchestra, the New World Symphony, in Miami, Florida in 1987, to give talented young people a chance to play with a good orchestra. From 1988 to 1995, he was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra, and since 1995 he has been their main guest conductor. In 1995, he became conductor (music director) of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.

Tilson Thomas has conducted many styles of music, especially American music such as that of Charles Ives and Aaron Copland. He also recorded all nine symphonies of Gustav Mahler.

In 2009 Tilson Thomas created the YouTube Symphony Orchestra to give a concert that could be watched on YouTube. The orchestra was made up of young players from 30 different countries.

Tilson Thomas is openly gay.


Esa-Pekka Salonen

Esa-Pekka Salonen (born 30 June 1958) is a Finnish conductor and composer. He is conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Philharmonia Orchestra in London. He and his family live in Los Angeles, California.

Salonen was born in Helsinki, Finland. He studied at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki, learning the French horn, composition and conducting. Later he studied composition with several composers including Einojuhani Rautavaara.

He started conducting in 1979 with the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, mainly in order to conduct his own compositions. In 1983 he was asked at short notice to conduct the Philharmonia Orchestra when Michael Tilson-Thomas was ill. This concert made him well known as a conductor.

Salonen was principal conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1984 to 1995.

He first conducted in the United States in 1984 with the Los Angeles Philharmonic. In 1989 he became Principal Guest Conductor of the orchestra and soon became music director. He has had this title ever since.

In 1992 he took the orchestra to the Salzburg Festival where they gave concert performances and well as playing in the opera house for the opera "Saint-François d'Assise" by Olivier Messiaen. They toured throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia, and performed at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland, the BBC Proms in London, in Cologne for a festival of Salonen's own compositions, and in 1996 at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez. The orchestra sounded very good in the Paris concert hall, and it made people realize that they needed a better concert hall in Los Angeles. Soon the Walt Disney Concert Hall was built there.

In 2008 Salonen became the main conductor of the Philharmonia Orchestra. He will leave his job with the Los Angeles Philharmonic in 2009. He wants to have more time to compose.

Salonen married Jane Price who used to play with the Philharmonia Orchestra. They have three children.


Emergency telephone

An emergency telephone is a special telephone that can be used in an emergency situation. Such telephones can usually be found on highways, and other big roads. They can also be found in places where people feel unsafe, such as big parks or the campuses of universities. Emergency telephones are also placed at spots where many people commit suicide, like bridges or cliffs.

Emergency phones are usually connected directly, there is no need to dial a telephone number. Lifting the receiver, or pushing a button will make the call. Very often emergency telephones will also tell the other side where they are. This is because people may not know where they are or they may be in shock because of an accident that just happened.

There are many special rules that apply to emergency telephones. They need to be in special colors, because color-blind people may not be able to tell the difference between certain colors. They also need to be easy to use. In an emergency situation, many people do not have time to think about how to operate them.

F-Zero

F-Zero is a racing video game first made for the SNES, where Captain Falcon made his debut. It involves racing around a track at high speeds. Other games in the "F-Zero" series are "F-Zero X" for Nintendo 64, "" for Game Boy Advance. "F-Zero GX" for Nintendo GameCube and "" for Game Boy Advance.

Gujarati people

Gujarati people (Gujarati: ગુજરાતી લોકો Gujǎrātī loko?), or Gujaratis, is an umbrella term used to describe traditionally Gujarati-speaking people who can trace their ancestry to the state of Gujarat within the Republic of India.

Arena da Baixada

The Arena da Baixada is a football stadium and an indoor arena in Água Verde neighborhood, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. It has a maximum seating capacity of 28,327 people. It is formerly known as Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães. It was named Kyocera Arena for a short period of time (beginning 2005 until April 1, 2008). The stadium opened on June 6, 1914. The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense. Its formal name honors Joaquim Américo Guimarães, a former chairman of Internacional-PR, which was a football club that merged with América-PR. This merger formed Atlético Paranaense. Joaquim Américo Guimarães started the stadium's construction in 1912. Despite being called an arena, it is technically an outdoor stadium. On May 31 2009, the stadium was made one of the match sites for the Brazil 2014 World Cup.

The stadium was built at the previous location of a Brazilian Army powder depot. In 1934, the stadium was renamed Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães. In the 1970s, the original stadium was closed down. After being reopened in 1984 and operating for some years, the old stadium building was demolished on March 26, 1997, right after a construction project of a new arena was announced. In June 1999, the new stadium was built. In 2005, the stadium was renamed "Kyocera Arena", after the Japanese company Kyocera purchased the naming rights.

The inaugural match of the old stadium was played on September 6, 1914, when Flamengo beat Internacional 7–1. The first goal of the stadium was scored by Flamengo's Arnaldo.

The inaugural match of the new building was played on June 24, 1999, when Atlético Paranaense beat Cerro Porteño of Paraguay 2–1. The first goal of the stadium after its reinauguration was scored by Atlético's Lucas.

The stadium's attendance record currently stands at 31,740. It was set on December 16, 2001 when Atlético Paranaense beat São Caetano 4–2, on the first game of that year's Brazilian Championship finals.

The contract with Kyocera that gave the company naming rights expired in early 2008. It was not renewed, and no new partnership was announced. The stadium went back to its old name, "Arena da Baixada".


Steller's sea cow

Steller's sea cow ("Hydrodamalis gigas") is an extinct aquatic mammal.

It is a member of the order Sirenia, which today consists of dugongs and manatees. Discovered in 1741, Steller's sea cow weighed about 10 tonnes. It fed on kelp, and lived in shallow waters around the Bering Sea. Hunted relentlessly for their meat, they died out 27 years after their discovery. The reduction in the kelp supply may also have contributed to their extinction.

Schinus areira

Schinus areira is a tree of the sumac family. The pepper tree "Schinus areira" is a weed in Australia. It is often grown as shade or street tree.


Bilal ibn Ribah

Bilal ibn Ribah (578-638) was one of the companions of Muhammad. Bilal was an Ethiopian black slave.

Bilal ibn Rabah (, also called Bilal al-Habashi) was an Ethiopian born in Mecca in the late 6th century, sometime between 578 and 582.Bilal was an Ethiopian slave. Bilal's owner was Umayyah ibn Khalaf, an enemy of Islam. When Bilal learned about Muhammad and became Muslim, his master started punishing him. When Muhammad heard about this, he ordered Abu Bakr to buy Bilal's freedom and Bilal -who was now free- joined Muhammad's companions.

Muhammad choose Bilal as the first muezzin. A muezzin is someone who leads the call to daily prayer. Sometimes Bilal walked the streets to call Muslims to come to prayer but most of the times, he said the Adhan from the top of the mosque.

Some years later, when the Muslim army walked towards Mecca, everyone ran to their homes and closed all doors and windows. They were afraid that the Muslims were going to kill them, because of the bad things they did to the Muslims many years ago. But, the Muslims went towards the Kaaba, the worship house believed to be built by Abraham and his elder son, Ishmael. Bilal, shouted out loud to the people of Mecca that they were all safe: "All those who lay down arms are safe. All those in the house of Abu Sufyan are safe. All those behind closed doors are safe."
After Muhammad died, Bilal never said the Adhan again - except on two occasions. Once in Syria and the second time, in Medina, when Muhammad's grandson, Hasan ibn Ali asked him to do so.

Bilal died in Damascus between 638 and 642 (AD).

Hadith books are the collections of Muhammad's sayings.

Muhammad used to say about Bilal:

When Bilal was chosen as the Muezzin, some people complained to Muhammad. They believed only an Arab can be a Muezzin, because Bilal could not pronounce the Arabic words correctly and he used to pronounce "s" instead of "sh". When Muhammad heard their complaint, he said:

Aisha

Aisha bint Abu Bakr (604-678; ) was the third wife of Muhammad. Aisha is given honour in Islam, especially in the Sunni branch. She is often called by Muslims "Umm-al-mu'minin" which means "the Mother of the Believers".

Aisha was the daughter of Abu Bakr of Mecca. Aisha was six years when she was betrothed to Muhammad. (Marriage under 9 years was common in middle East at the time) She was not Muhammad's only wife. 

Her ten-year marriage to Muhammad ended when he died. Aisha lived fifty more years in and around Medina. Much of her time was spent learning the Quran, and the Sunnah of Muhammad.

Deputy

A deputy is a person who helps someone do their job when they are not there. "Deputy" is a rank or title. It usually refers to someone who is "second-in-command". For example: a "Deputy Master" is someone who will take over the responsibilities of the Master when the Master is not there. A "deputy conductor" will conduct an orchestra when the main (principal) conductor is not there. It is similar to an "assistant". Someone who is working as a deputy will deputize (stand in for someone else).

Sometimes other terms are used such as "vice". A vice-president will take over the responsibilities of the president when he (or she) is not there or is ill.

André Previn

André Previn (born Andreas Ludwig Prewin; April 6, 1929 – February 28, 2019) was a German-American pianist, conductor, and composer.

André Previn was born as Andreas Ludwig Priwin to a Jewish family in Berlin, Germany. He may have been born in 1930, but cannot be sure as his birth certificate was lost when he emigrated to the United States with his family in 1939 to escape the Nazis. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943.

When he arrived in America he lived in Los Angeles. He started to be well known by composing movie scores for Hollywood movies.

In 1967, Previn became conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra and in 1968 conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra. He stayed with the LSO for eleven years. His television series "André Previn's Music Night" helped to make classical music popular in Britain. From 1976 to 1984, Previn was conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra (PSO), with whom he made another television series called "Previn and the Pittsburgh". He was also principal conductor of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.

In 1985 he became conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, but because of disagreements he resigned in 1989.

Previn made many recordings and composed many movie scores and other musical works. He also toured and recorded as a jazz pianist. Later he concentrated on composing classical music.

Previn received many prizes and honours. In the United Kingdom he was knighted in 1996. He is particularly remembered in Britain for a guest appearance he made on the Morecambe and Wise Christmas Show in 1971 where Eric Morecambe (who called him Andrew Preview) pretended to play the Piano Concerto by Edvard Grieg with Previn conducting. When Previn told him he was playing all the wrong notes, Morecambe grabbed him by his jacket and said that he was playing "all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order".

Andre Previn was married five times. His fifth marriage was to the German violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter for whom he wrote a violin concerto. They divorced in 2006.

Previn died on February 28, 2019 at home in Manhattan aged 89.


Gramophone

Gramophone can refer to several things:


Franz Welser-Möst

Franz Welser-Möst (born Linz, 16 August 1960) is an Austrian conductor. He is the conductor (music director) of the Cleveland Orchestra.

Franz Leopold Maria Möst was born in Linz, Austria. He learned to play the violin, but after being injured in a car accident he changed to conducting.

In 1985 he changed his stage-name to "Welser-Möst" after the town of Wels where he grew up. He soon started to be invited to conduct major orchestras. He appeared at the Salzburg Festival in 1985, then conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1986 and, from 1989 he appeared a lot in the United States. He conducted the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra, Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, Boston Symphony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic and Chicago Symphony Orchestra. In 1990, Welser-Möst became main (principal) conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra. He received a lot of criticism and left the LPO in 1996.

In 1995 he went to the Zurich Opera House where he conducted many operas including complete cycles of Wagner's Ring Cycle. He left the Zurich post in 2008.

Since 2002 Welser-Möst has been conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra.

In 2007, the Austrian government made him musical director (Generalmusikdirektor) of the Vienna State Opera beginning in September 2010.

He has made many recordings.


Commerzbank Tower

Commerzbank Tower is a skyscraper in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen, Germany. At 259 meters, or 850 feet (300 meters with antenna included), it is Germany's tallest skyscraper and the third tallest building in Europe. It was completed and opened in 1997.

Commerzbank Tower is located in Frankfurt's district "Innenstadt" in the centre of the city. It is home to the headquarters of the second largest German bank, Commerzbank.

From 1970 onwards, the previous head offices were centralised in Frankfurt am Main, where the legal seat has also been located since 1990. In the early 1990s, Commerzbank sought to build a new skyscraper in the center of Frankfurt am Main. The aim was to consolidate a large part of the rented locations in the city. The extraordinary skyscraper was designed by Lord Norman Foster. Since 1997, the tower has been a prominent feature of the Frankfurt skyline and is regarded as a model for environmentally friendly and energy-saving architecture.

The floor plan forms a triangle with slightly outwardly curved sides. The tower appears open and transparent due to the atrium, also triangular. A double-skin facade encloses the building. The stepped top of the tower creates a striking building termination and sets an expressive sign for the banking district. The building was constructed from 1994 to 1997 and cost 600 million DM. It has 56 floors and an area of 109,200 square metres. The architect who designed the building is Norman Foster. The skyscraper weighs about 200,000 tonnes and contains 18,800 tonnes of steel - twice as much as the Eiffel Tower in Paris.

The architect and his client worked together to make the Commerzbank tower innovatively environmentally- and climate-friendly. Natural ventilation and environmentally-friendly air conditioning create a long-term contribution to climate protection. The tower has been supplied entirely with "green" electricity since the beginning of 2008 and - like all Commerzbank buildings - is cleaned exclusively with biodegradable cleaning products. In 2009 the city of Frankfurt awarded the Commerzbank tower the "Green Building Frankfurt" award.

The magnificent building at the Kaiserplatz in Frankfurt is the Commerzbank's Head Office, and 2.800 people work there.

Messeturm

MesseTurm is a skyscraper in Frankfurt am Main, Hesse, Germany. In English it is known as the "Trade Fair Tower". It is Germany's second tallest, and at the time of its building, it was the tallest building in Europe. It is the fourth tallest building in Europe. It is 257 metres (840 feet) tall.

MesseTurm is located in Frankfurt's district "Westend". This is near the same named Trade Fair-Area in the centre of the city. It is home to the German headquarters of Reuters, Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse.

The construction began in 1988. It was finished in 1991. It was the tallest building in Europe, between 1991 and 1997. In 1997, Commerzbank Tower became the tallest building in Germany. It was only two metres higher than MesseTurm. The construction of the building's foundation set a world record. The world record was for the longest continuous concrete pour. Ninety trucks poured concrete for 78 hours. They poured it into the deep foundation.

There is a pyramid on the very top of MesseTurm. It is tall. This makes it very different from other skyscrapers. Because of this shape, people in Germany often call it "The Pencil."

Arrondissement of Belley

The arrondissement of Belley is an arrondissement of France, in the Ain department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Belley. 

When the Ain department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Belley was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of . It has 98,110 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Belley is in the southeastern part of department and is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Nantua, to the northeast by the Haute-Savoie department, to the east by the Savoie department, to the south by the Isère department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Belley, there are 3 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Ambérieu-en-Bugey, Belley and Lagnieu. The canton of Bellegarde-sur-Valserine has 1 "commune" in Belley, 2 in the "arrondissement" of Gex and 11 in the "arrondissement" of Nantua, the canton of Hauteville-Lompnes has 29 "communes" in Belley and 12 in Nantua, and the canton of Lagnieu has 22 "communes" in Belley and 4 in the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse.

The "arrondissement" of Belley has 115 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Book of Enoch

The Book of Enoch is a book claiming to be written by Enoch. He was the great-grandfather of Noah and son of Jared in the Bible. However, scholars consider it to be Pseudepigrapha. It is not part of the Bible canon and only the Ethiopian Orthodox Church says it is part of the Bible. The Book is an old Hebrew text, likely written in the 2nd century BC, and contains material on the origins of demons and giants, why some angels fell from heaven, an explanation of why Noah's Flood was morally necessary, and a description of the thousand-year reign of the Messiah. It is interesting to many Christians because the ninth verse of the first chapter is quoted in the Epistle of Jude 1:14-15. 

Anton LaVey

Anton Szandor LaVey (April 11, 1930 – October 29, 1997), born Howard Stanton Levey, was the founder of the Church of Satan. He created a religion called LaVeyan Satanism. He wrote several books describing his beliefs. His first book was called "The Satanic Bible". He reported a dramatic life story, although some say he lied about his past.

LaVey was born Howard Stanton Levey in Chicago, Illinois to a Jewish Family. His family moved to the San Francisco Bay Area of California soon after he was born. He was talented with musical instruments, particularly the pipe organ and calliope. He read a lot. His biography says that he stopped going to high school to join the circus. When the carnival was not active, he played organ in burlesque houses. He then worked as a police photographer in San Francisco, though this has been questioned.

In the 1960s, LaVey began giving lectures at his house to a group of people he called his "Magic Circle." A member of this Circle told him that his ideas could become a religion. He agreed, and founded the Church of Satan in 1966. In 1969, he published "The Satanic Bible". "The Satanic Bible" was a collection of writings he had published in the past years that outlined his philosophies and the basics of the religion. It was influenced by Ayn Rand, Friedrich Nietzsche, H. L. Mencken, and other authors and philosophers. In 1971, LaVey published "The Compleat Witch" (later released as "The Satanic Witch"). "The Satanic Witch" was a manual of magic. In 1972, LaVey published "The Satanic Rituals". This contained instructions for performing rituals. In the 1990s, LaVey published two books of essays, "The Devil's Notebook" and "Satan Speaks".

LaVey died on October 29, 1997. His death was caused by pulmonary edema (fluid in his lungs). This was brought on by his heart disease.


Hurricane Ike

Hurricane Ike was one of the most damaging tropical cyclones in United States history, having caused about $38 billion dollars in damage. It was the sixth-costliest Atlantic hurricane in U.S. history. Hurricane Ike was the ninth named storm, fifth hurricane, third major hurricane and the most-intense hurricane of 2008 in terms of pressure. Ike may have caused up to 195 deaths. Most deaths happened in Haiti and the U.S. together. Haiti was still recovering from Tropical Storm Fay, Hurricane Gustav, and Hurricane Hanna.

The storm that eventually became Hurricane Ike started near the west coast of Africa on August 28. The storm grew quickly as it moved to the west-northwest. On September 1, the storm formed into Tropical Depression Nine when the storm was over the central Atlantic Ocean. Later that day Tropical Depression Nine became Tropical Storm Ike.

In spring 2009, the name "Ike" was retired due to severe damage it caused, particularly in Texas. It was replaced by "Isaias" for the 2014 season.

Rafflesia

Rafflesia is a genus of flowering plants. They are found in southeastern Asia, on the Malay Peninsula, Borneo, Sumatra, Thailand and the Philippines. They are the biggest single flowers in the world. In one species the flowers can be over a meter (three feet) across.

The flowers smell like a dead animal, which attracts flies. The flies, which normally lay their eggs on rotten flesh, pollinate the "Rafflesia" when they get inside.

"Rafflesia" is a parasite, and does not use chlorophyll. The plant has no stem, leaves or true roots. It lives inside vines of the genus "Tetrastigma" (Vitaceae). It spreads its absorptive organ, the haustorium, inside the tissue of the vine. The only part of the plant that can be seen outside the host vine is the flower.



Northern Fury FC

Northern Fury F.C. is a soccer club from Townsville, Queensland, Australia. The club was founded in 2008 and competed in the A-League as "North Queensland Fury FC". On 1 March 2011, the club was removed from the league due to financial instability. On 3 October 2012, the club was re-formed as Northern Fury FC after it was granted a license to play in the NPL Queensland. Northern Fury play their home fixtures at Townsville Sports Reserve.



Edward Said National Conservatory of Music

The Edward Said National Conservatory of Music is a Palestinian music conservatory. It has branches in Ramallah, Jerusalem, and Bethlehem. More than 500 students can study music there.

When it was started in Ramallah in 1993 it was called The National Conservatory of Music. In September 2004 it was given its present name in honour of the Palestinian scholar and musician Edward Said. The Edward Said National Conservatory of Music and the Al Kamandjati are the two main music schools for the two million Palestinians living in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.

The students of the conservatory study in an are where there is a lot of war and conflict with Israel. Nevertheless there are a few projects where Israeli and Palestinian musicians have managed to work together.

The Palestine Youth Orchestra was started through the efforts of the Edward Said National Conservatory. It is one of the best youth orchestras in the Arab world.


SafetySuit

SafetySuit (or Safety Suit and Safetysuit) is an American rock band formed in 2008. They are famous for the hit singles "Someone Like You" and "Stay". Safety Suit has released only 1 hit studio album called Life Left to Go in July 2008. 



Life Left to Go

Life Left to Go is an album by alternative rock band SafetySuit. It was released in the summer of 2008. The album contains the tracks "Someone Like You (SafetySuit song)", "Stay", and "Anywhere But Here".



Someone like You (SafetySuit song)

Someone Like You is a hit single released of the album by SafetySuit called Life Left to Go. The single was released in February of 2008. The song was recorded along with the other tracks featured on the album Life Left to Go in 2006 and 2007.

Stay (SafetySuit song)

"Stay" is the 2nd hit single off the album by SafetySuit called "Life Left to Go". The song was originally released in fall of 2008, but according to the seemingly major release date in the United Kingdom, it is known to be regularly released in January of 2009. 

The video for the song was released on May 5th, 2009.

Vrilissia

Vrilissia () is a small Greek city. It is near Athens in Attica. Almost 40,000 people live there. It is located at the northeastern edge of the metropolis of Athens. The city is accessed by Attiki Odos, the suburban railway and metro transit.

Vrilissia is an area with lots of squares and parks. It has a small forested area near the mountain of Pendeli.

Vrilissia is a twin city of Naples, Italy and Ottweiler in Germany. In Ottweiler, a main bridge is named after the Greek city.


Squall

A squall is a quick and big increase in wind speed which is usually linked to weather such as rain showers, thunderstorms, or heavy snow. 

Oxford English Dictionary

The Oxford English Dictionary (or OED) is a dictionary. It is published by the Oxford University Press in England, and is the largest English dictionary.

It traces (or follows in detail) the historical development of the English language, and is a resource to writers and scholars. It describes how the language has been used.

The second edition came to 21,728 pages in 20 volumes, published in 1989. Number of main entries is 231,100 and number of main entries for out-of -date words is 47,100.

Work began on the dictionary in 1857, but it was not until 1884 that it began to be published in parts, under the name of "A New English Dictionary on historical principles; founded mainly on the materials collected by the Philological Society". In 1895, the title "The Oxford English Dictionary" ("OED") was first used unofficially on the covers of the series, and in 1928 the full dictionary was republished in ten bound volumes. In 1933, "The Oxford English Dictionary" was reprinted as twelve volumes with a one-volume supplement. More supplements came over the years until 1989, when the second edition was published. Since 2000, a third edition of the dictionary has been underway, approximately a third of which is now complete.

The first electronic version of the dictionary was done in 1988. The online version has been available since 2000, and as of April 2014 was receiving over two million hits per month. The third edition of the dictionary will probably only appear in electronic form; Nigel Portwood, chief executive of Oxford University Press, feels it unlikely that it will ever be printed.

Thomas Beecham

Sir Thomas Beecham (born St Helens, Lancashire, 29 April 1879; died London, 8 March 1961) was an English conductor. He was one of the most famous conductors of his time. He came from a very rich family and was able to use his money to pay orchestras that he formed. He formed the London Philharmonic Orchestra and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He was especially well known for conducting the music of Mozart as well as that of his friend Delius.

He often made funny jokes and many amusing stories are told about things that he said.

Beecham was born in 1879 in St. Helens, Lancashire in the north of England. Beecham was self-taught as a conductor. He had some private composition lessons from Charles Wood in London and Moszkowski in Paris. Beecham’s father, Sir Joseph Beecham, had made a lot of money making medicines (the famous Beecham pills) and he also liked music, so he was able to help his son in his career as a musician.

Thomas was only 20 years old when his father was reinstated as mayor of St. Helens. To celebrate this, his father paid for the Hallé Orchestra to give a concert. It was going to be conducted by the famous German conductor Hans Richter. However, a few days before the concert it was announced that Richter was ill. Thomas immediately said he would conduct the concert. The orchestra at first refused to play for a 20 year old who had only once ever conducted a concert, but in the end they changed their minds and the concert was a great success.

In 1909 Thomas got a group of musicians together to form the Beecham Symphony Orchestra. They gave concerts and played for ballets and operas. Beecham conducted operas in Covent Garden and other London opera houses. He conducted works by composers such as Strauss, Delius, Smythe and Holbrooke. He also played for Diaghilev’s Ballets Russes when they first came to England.

During World War I he gave money to the Halle Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra and the Royal Philharmonic Society, all of which he conducted. He often conducted these orchestras outside London, giving people the chance to hear music they had never heard before.

For several years he had money problems and did not conduct much. Then, in 1932, he formed the London Philharmonic Orchestra and quickly made it into an excellent orchestra. They toured Germany in 1936 and the next year went to Paris. During the 1930s he conducted at Covent Garden where he had control of everything that went on. He conducted several cycles of Wagner’s Ring. When World War II started in 1939 the theatre was closed. He went to the United States where he conducted several orchestras including the New York Philharmonic. He also went to Australia.

In 1944 he returned to Britain. His orchestra, the London Philharmonic Orchestra, were now a self-governing body (the members themselves made decisions about what the orchestra should do and play). They decided that they did not want Beecham because he would want to have power to rule the orchestra in the way he wanted. So Beecham formed another orchestra: the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He gave many concerts, toured with them and made many great recordings. He was especially known for his concerts of Joseph Haydn and Mozart. He also conducted Die Meistersinger at Covent Garden in 1951 as well as appearing at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in 1958. The last concert he gave was on 7 May 1960 when he conducted the RPO in Portsmouth.

Beecham was an enormously talented musician. Because he had a lot of money he did not need to go through the musical education that most other musicians have. He formed his own life, and spent a lot of his energy as well as money creating the right conditions for musicians to work in, conditions that would have been normal in many other European countries, but which were not normal at the time in England.

He was not interested in the music of Bach, though he did conduct Handel. He was famous for his Mozart performances, and particularly enjoyed playing Berlioz, Mendelssohn, Bizet and Dvořák. He was one of the first people in England to conduct the new music of Richard Strauss and Sibelius. He was a close friend of Delius and performed his music as well as editing it so that it could be published.

There are many stories about the witty things that he said. He was knighted in 1916.

A lady told Beecham that she wanted her son to learn to play a musical instrument but did not want to hear the awful sound it made when he was beginning to learn. She asked him what instrument he should learn. Beecham said he should learn the bagpipes because “they sound exactly the same when you have finished learning them as when you start learning them”.

Beecham was rehearsing a very long opera by Wagner. They had been rehearsing for a long time. Beecham took out his watch and said: “My God! We have been playing for two hours and we are still playing this bloody tune!”

Beecham was rehearsing an opera by an English composer. The composer was at the rehearsal, and kept stopping the orchestra and asking Beecham to play it differently. Each time Beecham turned back to the orchestra and said: “The same again, gentlemen, please”.

Beecham once met a lady he knew, but could not remember who she was. He asked her whether she was well.


Teatro Colón

The Teatro Colón (Spanish) (Columbus Theatre) in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is one of the world's best known opera houses. 
In 2006 the theatre was closed so that work could be done to improve the inside of the building. It reopened in 2010

There had been a theatre there in the middle of the 19th century. The present building was opened in 1908. The auditorium is horseshoe-shaped and has 2,487 seats. The acoustics of the building are very good. It is in the middle of Buenos Aires.

Many world famous conductors, composers and singers have appeared at the theatre.

Bim Bum Bam

Bim Bum Bam, (1982-2003), was an Italian children's and teens' television programme.

"Bim Bum Bam" was produced by Alessandra Valeri Manera and created by Paolo Bonolis and Giancarlo Muratori.



Puyi

Aisin-Giro Puyi or Emperor Puyi (, February 7, 1906–October 17, 1967) was the last Emperor of China. He was crowned emperor in 1908 at the age of three. His era name as Qing emperor, "Xuantong", means "proclamation of unity". On February 12, 1912, during the Xinhai Revolution, he was forced to abdicate. He later became the head of state and later crowned emperor of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo during World War II. He married five times but never had any children. His father was Zaifeng Prince Chun II. He never knew his mother and was raised by eunuchs. 

When he was two years old, in 1908, he became the Xuantong Emperor (then spelled as Hsuan Tung Emperor). At the age of six, he was overthrown by Sun Yat-sen in the 1911 Revolution. He was forced to give up all political power, but he was allowed to keep his title, his servants, and everything he owned in the Forbidden City. In turn, he had to pay the Republic of China 4 million taels a year and was never allowed to leave the Forbidden City. 

In 1919, Pu-yi appointed a British tutor named Reginald Johnston. It was through him that the young emperor developed a fascination with the Western world, so he began to adopt aspects of the West for himself. He learned how to ride a bicycle, he cut off his own Manchu queue, he even began to wear glasses. 

After Pu-yi was married to his first wife, he discovered that many of the palace's treasures were getting stolen. Believing that it was his eunuchs who were stealing his treasures, he demanded that they make an inventory to stop the treasury from getting robbed. On the June 27, 1923, a fire destroyed the area around the Palace of Established Happiness. He accused the eunuchs of burning the treasury to destroy any proof of their theft. He also overheard some eunuchs' conversation that made him fear for his life. In response, he banished all the eunuchs from the palace. 

In 1925, warlord Feng Yuxiang forced the emperor to leave the Forbidden City. Pu-yi then asked his tutor Johnston to go to the British embassy and ask them to let the emperor to move to England. Unfortunately, the embassy refused his request. He then called the Japanese embassy and they agreed to escort him out of Beijing and move him to Tianjin. After the Empire of Japan took over Manchuria in 1932, they made Pu-yi the Emperor of their new puppet state, Manchukuo. Despite being emperor, he practically had no power, but he was constantly manipulated, threatened, and blackmailed by the Japanese government. Once again, the emperor found himself to be a prisoner in his own palace in the Manchukuo capital city of Changchun. Chinese media and writers accused the Japanese and collaborators like Puyi of being homosexuals as an insult.

After the Soviet Red Army invaded Manchuria in 1945, they captured Pu-yi when they invaded Changchun. After the CCP took over China in 1949, the Soviets agreed to hand Pu-yi over to China. For the next ten years, the former emperor was in a prison camp in Liaoning. After the prison guards said that he was reformed, he was freed from prison and was moved back to Beijing. He spent the rest of his life there as a common citizen. He worked as a gardener and then an editor. He earned 100 yuan a month. When he returned to the Forbidden City (which was made into the Imperial Palace Museum), he had to buy a ticket to enter. He thought that it was ironic that he had to buy a ticket just to visit his former home.

Lithium (Nirvana song)

"Lithium" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana which featured on their second album "Nevermind". Kurt Cobain wrote the song. He said the song is about a man who became religious after his girlfriend died.

Endocrinology

Endocrinology studies the working of the endocrine system and hormones.

It is the science of the endocrine system and hormones in a wide range of animals. Endocrinology is also a medical specialty. This means that when a doctor finishes studying medicine in general, they can choose endocrinology as the part of medicine they work in.

The endocrine system consists of several glands in different parts of the body. They secrete hormones directly into the blood. Hormones have many different functions and modes of action.

Hormones are active in metabolism, growth and development, tissue function, sleep, digestion, respiration, excretion, mood, stress, lactation, movement, reproduction, and perception. Another field is behavioral endocrinology.

Medical understanding of hormones began in the 19th century with Graves' disease, caused by a swelling of the thyroid gland. Since the mid-19th century many medical conditions have been found caused by hormone imbalance, that is, too much or too little of a hormone.

An endocrinologist can help people who have diseases related to their endocrine system. Diseases that an endocrinologist would treat include:
These are just examples; there are many other endocrine diseases.

An endocrinologist can find out if a person has one of these diseases by doing tests. They can test a person's blood to find out if they have too much or too little of a hormone. An example of this is Type 1 diabetes. People who have Type 1 diabetes do not have enough of a hormone called insulin. Endocrinologists usually do not treat patients directly, but give advice to physicians about what how patients might be helped.

Endocrine disorders fall into three groups: 

Most medical applications concern the lack of balance between hormones, and sometimes the complete lack of a necessary hormone. For example, most forms of hyperthyroidism are associated with an excess of thyroid hormone and a low level of thyroid stimulating hormone.

Endocrinologists can advise on hormone treatment for transgender persons. A transgender person might want their body to look different so that they look more like their chosen gender. For example, a transgender woman might want less facial hair so that she looks less like a man to other people.

The main pages which explain endocrinology are:

Body fat

In histology, adipose tissue or body fat or just fat is a tissue made up of cells called adipocytes. They store nutrients called fats in fat cells. Adipose tissue produce different compounds which are called adipokines. They include leptin, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 1 beta and others. 

Flying Spaghetti Monster

The Flying Spaghetti Monster is the god of Pastafarianism. It is often seen as a parody religion and thus has become popular with people opposed to the idea that God or gods created the world. Followers of the Flying Spaghetti Monster are sometimes called "Pastafarians". The multiverse theory has suggested that what began as a spoof has become potentially real in the infinite universes and their countless creatures with at least some matching the general description of the FSM. Bobby Henderson first described the Flying Spaghetti Monster in 2005 in a letter to the Kansas State Board of Education. Henderson wrote the letter to protest rules about teaching intelligent design in public schools. The Board of Education required teachers to teach intelligent design.

The Church's website (spaghettimonster.org) contains several sighting of 'His Noodlieness', multiple propaganda resources and an ordination package available for $49. This package contains a paper certificate of ordination, a black/silverresin wallet card and two vinyl car decals. The package also comes with free shipping. As the church states, 'Great. Consider yourself a member. You’ll notice there’s no hoops to jump through. You don’t need to pay anything.'


Official church of the flying spaghetti monster

Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

Campeonato Brasileiro Série A is a football league in Brazil.


Sand plantain

Sand plantain ("Plantago afra"), It is generally described as an annual forb. It has two seeds, reddish-brown, narrow-elliptic, shining, 2–3 mm long.It is native to Malta and Mediterranean regions, Afghanistan to Pakistan.


The Real Ghostbusters

The Real Ghostbusters is an American animated television series based on the 1984 movie "Ghostbusters". The series ran from 1986 to 1991, and was produced by Camme Animation Studios, DiC Entertainment and Coca-Cola Telecommunications. "The Real" was added to the title over a dispute with Filmation and its Ghost Busters properties. The series continues the adventures of paranormal investigators Dr. Peter Venkman, Dr. Egon Spengler, Winston Zeddemore, Dr. Ray Stantz, their secretary Janine Melnitz and their mascot ghost Slimer.


The show originally aired on ABC for its full run, except for the third season which ran on syndication at the same time as the second season ran on ABC. Later, reruns of the show appeared on USA Network, Fox Family before moving to Nickelodeon from 1996 to 1999 and on Cartoon Network in 2002. Teletoon aired episodes of the series in the month of October beginning in 1998, but has not done so in recent years.
At the start of the third season in 1988, with the series renaming, it was given an hour long time slot. In addition to the regular thirty-minute "Real Ghostbusters" episode, a half-hour "Slimer" sub-series was added that included 2-3 short animated segments focusing on the character Slimer. At the end of its six season run, 147 episodes had aired, including the syndicated episodes and 13 episodes of "Slimer", with multiple episodes airing out of production order. The segments added several characters as friends of Slimer, including the character Professor Norman Dweeb—mad scientist accompanied by a poodle named Elizabeth who wanted to capture Slimer to experiment on him. The Professor Dweeb also made infrequent appearances in the main series. One of the ghosts from the "Slimer" cartoons, the Sleaze, also reappeared in "The Real Ghostbusters" to be captured a second time.

In 1997, a sequel cartoon entitled "Extreme Ghostbusters", was created by Columbia TriStar Television and Adelaide Productions. It premiered on September 1, 1997 and ran for forty episodes until its conclusion on December 8, 1997. Set several years after the end of "The Real Ghostbusters", the series opened by saying the team has disbanded due to a lack of supernatural activity. Only Egon remains in the firehouse, along with Slimer, to care for the containment system and teaching classes at a local university. When supernatural events begin occurring in New York, Egon recruits four of his university students as a new team of Ghostbusters, and Janine, also one of Egon's students, returns to manage the office. The original Ghostbusters return for the series two-episode finale to celebrate Egon's 40th birthday, leading to them reluctantly working together with the younger generation to solve one last case.

Messianic Judaism

Messianic Judaism is a movement of Jews who believe that Jesus (called by them with his Hebrew name "Yeshua") is the Jewish Messiah, and who perform this belief in a Jewish way (observing the regulations of the Torah etc.). They are called "Messianic Jews". The main branches of Judaism do not consider Messianic Judaism to be Judaism, but rather a form of Christianity, because Judaism rejects Jesus/Yeshua as the Jewish Messiah. 

Malcolm Sargent

Sir Malcolm Sargent (born Ashford, Kent, 29 April 1895; died London 3 October 1967) was an English conductor, organist and composer. He was an extremely famous and popular conductor who had a lot of influence on music in England during his life. He conducted many choirs, both amateur and professional, as well as orchestras. He was the main conductor of the Henry Wood Promenade Concerts from 1948 to 1967. He made the Last Night of the Proms into a very popular and joyful concert which today is enjoyed by millions of people worldwide on television. He conducted the music of many British composers, helping them to become known to a wide public.

Sargent was born in 1895 into a working-class family. His father was a coal merchant at Stamford, Lincolnshire, who also played the organ. Sargent grew up in Stamford and became involved in a lot of amateur music making. He learned a lot about music from singing in church and playing the organ. He took his ARCO organ diploma when he was only 16 and became an organ pupil at Peterborough Cathedral. At 18 he got a job as organist at Melton Mowbray church. In the same year he got a music degree from the University of Durham.

After conducting local choirs and orchestras he got the opportunity to conduct his own composition "Impressions on a Windy Day" with Henry Wood’s Queen’s Hall Orchestra, first at Leicester and then at the Proms in the Queen's Hall. Wood encouraged him in his conducting. He started to teach at the Royal College of Music and moved to London. He conducted the Robert Mayer children’s concerts and the Courtauld-Sargent concerts, a series which was aimed at people who had never been to concerts. He conducted for Sergei Diaghilev’s Ballets Russes and, in 1928 he became conductor of the Royal Choral Society, a job which he kept until his death.

In 1932 he was very ill with tuberculosis, but he recovered during the next few years. He often conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra which had been formed in 1932 by Thomas Beecham. He did not often conduct opera, but he did conduct at the Royal Opera House: in 1936 with Gustave Charpentier's opera "Louise" in 1936 and in 1954 the first performance of Walton's "Troilus and Cressida".

As an orchestra conductor Sargent was not always popular. He made many enemies with a remark he made in 1936 when he said that orchestral musicians should not have a secure “job for life” but should give their “lifeblood with every bar they played”. Sargent had only just recovered from a long illness himself, during which time the musicians had given him support, so they were very annoyed when he said this.

He was very popular in Australia and nearly took a job there, but when World War II started he decided he should work in his own country. During the war, Sargent conducted the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester (1939-42) and the Liverpool Philharmonic (1942-48) and became a popular radio broadcaster with the BBC. He helped the British people to keep their spirits up during the war by touring and giving many concerts and not asking for much money. During one concert he was playing Beethoven's "Symphony No. 7" when there was an air raid. Sargent stopped the orchestra, calmed the audience by saying they were safer inside the hall than they would be outside, and started to conduct again. The orchestra played extremely well that night. In May 1941 Sargent conducted Elgar's "Dream of Gerontius" in an afternoon concert in the Queen's Hall. That night the Queen’s Hall was completely destroyed by a bomb.

In 1945, Arturo Toscanini invited Sargent to conduct the NBC Symphony Orchestra. He gave four concerts, in which he included mostly British music.

Sargent was chief conductor of the Proms from 1948 until his death in 1967. In 1950 he followed Sir Adrian Boult as conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. He held that job until 1957 when he became Chief Guest Conductor. Everywhere that Sargent took the orchestra the audience were wild with excitement. The orchestra became internationally famous.

Sargent was a very popular person at the Proms. He made the Last Night (the last concert of each season) into an exciting celebration in which the audience waved flags and joined together to sing, hum and clap. He conducted music by famous classical composers as well as British music by more recent composers. However, he did not conduct modern experimental music.

During his time at the Proms foreign conductors such as Carlo Maria Giulini, Georg Solti, Leopold Stokowski, Rudolf Kempe, Pierre Boulez and Bernard Haitink were invited to perform. There were also some foreign orchestras.

When the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra nearly had to come to an end after Beecham's death in 1961, Sargent worked hard to save the orchestra. A lot of the players, who still remembered the remark he made in 1936, started to support him again.

By the mid-1960s Sargent was suffering from cancer. He was too ill to conduct the Proms in 1967, but on 16 September, at the Last Night, to everyone’s astonishment, he appeared at the end of the concert to talk to his audience. He gave his baton to Colin Davis who took over his job. Sargent looked very ill, and died two weeks later.

Sargent received many honours. He was knighted in 1947 and received the Royal Philharmonic Society gold medal in 1959. His nickname was “Flash Harry” because he always dressed and behaved in a flashy style. He was often known as “Britain’s ambassador of music”, because he often toured all over the world with his orchestras, conducting British music, especially the works of Elgar, Vaughan Williams, Holst and Walton. If the professional musicians he worked with did not always like him, his audiences loved him and he was especially fond of the Promenaders. At his memorial service in Westminster Abbey the whole of the nave was reserved for Promenade Season Ticket holders


Playoffs

The playoffs, postseason, or finals are a series of games played after the regular season of a particular sports league. They are played by the most successful teams of the season. It is used to determine the season's champion. The teams that play in the playoffs are the ones with the most wins or points during the regular season. 

Playoffs are usually, but not always, done with a single-elimination system.

Lars

Lars is a male name. It is usually used in Scandinavian countries and Germany. The pronunciation of the name is [ lahrz; "Swedish", "Norwegian" lahrs ]. The name Lars is derived from the Old Norse name "Laurentius," which means "crowned with laurel." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 



Boyce and Hart

Boyce and Hart were a musical and songwriting duo, who worked together in the 1960s and 1970s. Tommy Boyce (born Sidney Thomas Boyce in 1939 and died in 1994) and Bobby Hart (born Robert Luke Harshman in 1939) wrote and produced hit records for The Monkees ("Last Train to Clarksville", "Valleri"), Jay and the Americans ("Come a Little Bit Closer"), Chubby Checker ("Lazy Elsie Molly"), and for themselves, with "I Wonder What She's Doing Tonight" and other songs.

Their biggest success was with the Monkees, as writers, producers and performers. Many of the early Monkees recordings featured Boyce and Hart's band, the Candy Store Prophets, before the Monkees were even selected from auditions. When the Monkees themselves took charge of their recordings, they still recorded Boyce and Hart's songs, and praised the duo to the public.

Ten years after the Monkees's heyday, two former members, Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones, teamed up with Boyce and Hart, touring and performing the band's hits. They also issued a new album on Capitol Records.

Janesville, Wisconsin

Janesville is a city in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. It is the county seat of Rock County. 59,498 people were living in Janesville as of the 2000 census. Janesville has an area of 48.1 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

The first settlers arrived in Janesville in 1835. It incorporated as a city in 1835

Malcolm Gladwell

Malcolm Gladwell (born September 3, 1963) is a British-Canadian journalist, author, and pop sociologist, living in New York City. He has written for "The New Yorker" since 1996. He is well known as the author of the books, "The Tipping Point" (2000), "Blink" (2005), and "Outliers" (2008).

Gladwell was born in Fareham, Hampshire to a Jamaican mother and English father. He moved to Elmira, Ontario at age six. 


Rosoideae

Rosoideae is a subfamily of plants in the rose family Rosaceae. These plants may be small trees, shrubs, or plants without wood. Many useful plants are in Rosoideae. Strawberries and Raspberries are two common fruits from Rosoideae. Roses are common flowers in Rosoideae.


First Leicester

First Leicester is the trading name of Leicester Citybus Ltd., a bus company owned by the First Group. It runs buses in the city of Leicester England. 

In 2007,a new depot opened on Abbey Lane replacing the former premises on Abbey Park Road which go back to the company's municipal heritage. This site is now derelict pending redevelopment as apartments.


Dappy

Costadinos Contostavlos, better known by his stage name of "Dappy", is an English rapper, singer and songwriter of Greek heritage. He leads the hip hop group N-Dubz. Contostavlos was raised on a Camden Town council estate, North London by his mother, Zoe Contostavlos and father, Byron Contostavlos. His father was the bassist in 1970s group Mungo Jerry.Contostavlos is from Greek origin but speaks fluent English with a classic North London accent. He does not think of himself to be "English in anyway". At home he speaks Greek. He says he is a "foreign guy that lives in Camden". He wears unusual hats. His trademark is a selection of woolly fleece lined hats with big pom-poms on the top and strings on the sides. These have been called "Dappy hats". He normally turns up one side of the hat.

Dappy was born in Camden Town, London. It is said that he grew up in a small council flat with his parents and older brother. He actually lived in a large townhouse because his father was a member of 1970s band Mungo Jerry. In an interview he gave to The Sun, he said that the estate he lived on was "rough and lots of the kids I saw got into drugs or fights". Dappy showed interest in music from a young age. He started performing around Camden Town at the age of 13 years old. He performed with band members Richard "Fazer" Rawson and Tula "Tulisa" Contostavlos, who is his cousin. At the time they were called the "Lickle Rinsers Crew". Contostavlos and his band-mates studied at Haverstock School. Contostavlos was forced to leave the school when he was 15, for multiple truancies and fighting. He later went back to study at college and received a GCSE A* in English. His father, Byron was, to Dappy, the "inspiration behind the band". With the money he made from his time in the band, Bryon set up a small studio for the band. When Byron died, the song N-Dubz wrote "Papa (Can You Hear Me?)" was played at his funeral. It became the group's best hit at #19, and at #17 in the download charts. Dappy later had the words "RIP Dad" tattooed on his neck. He refers to his dad as "B" or "Uncle B".

He is a housemate in the 2014 series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK).

N-Dubz were forced to change some of their live shows from the Uncle B tour after Dappy got temporary deafness. He later said that it "was terrible and it has really taught me to take better care of my ears because I wouldn't be the musician I am today if I couldn't hear."

In 2007 Dappy released "Love For My Slum" with fellow UK rap artist Baker Trouble. It was number one on Channel U for several weeks. It did not do as well with the media. It was heavily criticised for a scene in which Dappy is stood outside a block of expensive luxury flats with a "rich kid" who is trying to look like a gangster. "The Independent" wrote "His lyrics combine jealousy with anger: 'You got too much to lose / You're in a great position... You wouldn't last a minute where I'm from / You'd go missing / So appreciate what you got / 'cos I'm still wishing.' And then he grabs the rich kid by his coat, pulls him toward him, and punches him in the face. The silent boy falls instantly to the pavement...", they then went on to put "Do scenes like these suggest that music videos are encouraging their viewers to indulge in criminality?". Other newspapers put that he was "idolising thuggery". When asked in interviews about the single, and these comments he said "these people need to listen to the lyrics, they are about showing appreciation to what you've got".

In December 2008, Contostavlos pleaded guilty to two counts of assault at Chelmsford Magistrates Court, Essex. He spat in a girl's face while drunk on a night out. He got four weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months and 100 hours community service. He was also ordered to pay £50 to the girl and her friend, and £300 costs.

On 29 January 2009, Contostavlos was arrested after he someone said he was saying he would kill someone while he had a gun. He said this is not true. The police searched his Camden home looking for a gun. Three days later (Saturday 31 January) he was taken off a British Airways flight from Edinburgh to London by police after it landed, with fellow N-Dubz performer Fazer, after appearing to be acting disorderly. A source said: "They were swearing at kids on the plane, being foul and threatening passengers. Cabin crew called ahead to the police, who were waiting when the plane landed. They were taken away by armed officers."

Dappy has also had many problems in the media with celebrities such as Alexandra Burke, Elly Jackson of La Roux, and Flo Rida. 

His 2008 drunkenness has caused problems in January 2010 when he applied for a visa to the United States. He has since been allowed a visa.

Dappy hit a man in Chelmsford in February 2014, for which in June 2014 he was convicted of common assault and fined.

Sepal

Sepals are one of the four basic parts of a flower. They are found below the petals.

The sepals are often small and green. Some flowers do not have petals. Then the sepals may be big and colorful. In some flowers, the petals and sepals look the same. They are both called tepals.

All the sepals together are called calyx.
The number of sepals is different for different flowers. Both petals and sepals surround the reproductive parts inside the flower. The term for sepals plus petals is the perianth.

The main job of the sepals is to keep the parts of the flower safe before it opens.They are usually green and leaf-like

Cotyledon

A cotyledon, or seed leaf, is a leaf that is stored in a seed. When the seed sprouts, the cotyledons are the first leaves that the plant has. Monocot plants have only one cotyledon, and other plants have two. Cotyledons often look very different from the other leaves, so they are not called true leaves.

Plants use cotyledons to make sugars through photosynthesis. They use the sugars to keep true leaves growing. After a while, the cotyledons often die because the plant does not need them anymore.

Arriva Fox County

Arriva Fox County is a bus company which provides bus services in Leicester and Leicestershire. It is part of Arriva Midlands, and a subsidiary of Arriva.

Arriva Fox County was formed in 1981, as Midland Red East the old Midland Red bus company broke up, and it changed its name to Midland Fox in 1984. 

In late 2006, a new "Leicester Linx" brand was introduced for services in Leicester.


Sede do BankBoston

Sede do BankBoston is a skyscraper in São Paulo, Brazil. It is 145 meters (476 feet) tall and has 35 floors. It was built in 2002, and is a modern skyscraper of Brazil and Latin America.


Amygdaloideae

Amygdaloideae (often incorrectly called Prunoideae) is a subfamily of flowering plants. This subfamily is placed within the family Rosaceae.

Since 2011 there has been a big change in how the name of this subfamily is used. Before 2011, the only plants in this subfamily were the stone fruits such as plums, peaches, and almonds. Now the subfamily includes all of the family Rosaceae except the subfamilies Rosoideae and Dryadoideae. Commercially important members of the Amygdaloideae include plum, apple, spiraea, cherries, :medlars, and many others.

Centrebus

Centrebus operate a network of routes in Leicestershire, England. Many Centrebus managers came from Arriva's UK and European bus operations. In September 2008, Centrebus purchased Woods Coaches' and there vehicles


Vasily Chuikov

Vasily Chuykov (February 12, 1900 – March 18, 1982) was a Russian general.

During World War II he was commanding the 62nd army, with which he was especially outstanding himself in the Battle of Stalingrad. 

He was twice Hero of the Soviet Union (1944, 1945).

He was made Marshal of the Soviet Union in 1955. 

Power Purchasing Agreement

A Power Purchasing Agreement (PPA) is a legal contract between a electricity provider and a land owner. The contract allows the electricity provider to produce power on the land owner's land or roof and the land owner buys the electricity primarily from the electricity provider. This deal is often done using solar technology, where the electricity provider will install, operate, and maintain solar panels on the land owner's roof. Then the land owner will buy the electricity from the solar panels on the roof. Part of the PPA is to set a price for the electrcity (often lower than the previous price the land owner was paying for power line electrcity). If the solar panels do not provide enough electricity for the land owner, then he will buy the rest of his electrcity from the power lines. If the electricity provider creates more electricity than the land owner needs, then he will sell the excess to the power lines.

Schools and government buildings often like to do power purchasing agreements because they do not have the money to install solar panals on their roof. Large department stores also like to do power purchasing agreements because they have large roofs and do not want to deal with the costs of installing and maintaining panels.

Power Purchasing agreements tend to last 5 – 20 years. At the end of the PPA, either the contract is extended, the solar panels are removed from the property, or the land owner buys the solar panels from the electricity provider.

Power Purchasing agreements have been very important to the expansion of solar electricity use in the United States. Investment tax credits from the federal and state governments have helped make the price of solar panels affordable for the providing companies. The tax credit can help pay for significant percentage of the project cost in some cases. 

Some of the electricity providers who offer PPAs are:

Pioneer plaque

The Pioneer plaques were a pair of plaques that were launched into deep space on Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11, and information about our place in the galaxy are drawn in case any aliens find it. The same image is on both plaques. The image is made up of many parts. 

There is a drawing of a nude human female and a nude human male. Behind them is the Pioneer spacecraft to compare their sizes. 

There is a diagram of the change in spin of the electron of a hydrogen particle. This diagram is meant to set up a universal unit of length and a universal unit of time for the rest of the image. 

There is a map of our solar system showing a spacecraft leaving the third planet, Earth. There have been negative reactions about the arrow showing the trajectory of the spacecraft. Alien species may not understand the human concept of a line and arrow. 

There is pattern of lines that looks like a star burst design. This is a map. There are 15 lines. 14 of the lines have a long binary number engraved along it. The binary numbers are distances. The distances are not in meters or kilometers, but in the universal unit of distance given by the hydrogen particle diagram. The 14 lines give the distance from the sun to 14 pulsars. The 15th line gives the distance from the sun to the center of the galaxy.

Clube Atlético Mineiro

Clube Atlético Mineiro is a Brazilian football club. Atletico Mineiro was founded in 1908 in the city of Belo Horizonte, where the team plays. The team has "Galo" (rooster) as its mascot, for this reason the club is also known simply as Galo. 

Atletico Mineiro is one of the most traditional football clubs in Brazil, being the first champion of the modern version of the Brazilian Football Championhsip. The most important achievement of the club was the Copa Libertadores de America in 2013, which is regarded as the most important tournament in South America. 

In the last five years, Atletico Mineiro is probably passing through the most victorious period in its history, since in the last five years the team has played five out of the nine Copa Libertadores editions the team has ever disputed.






Sport Club Internacional

S.C. Internacional is a football club which plays in Brazil.


Guarani FC

Guarani F.C. is a football club which plays in Brazil.


CR Flamengo

Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (; English: "Flamengo Rowing Club"), commonly referred to as Flamengo, is a Brazilian sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighbourhood of Gávea, best known for their professional football team. Flamengo is the only team in the World to have 40 million fans within its country, therefore, it is the most popular club in the Americas.
 Undefeated champion

Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense

Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense is a football club which plays in Brazil.



Coritiba Football Club

Coritiba Foot Ball Club is a football club which plays Curitiba in Paraná state, Brazil. It was founded in 1909 and currently plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

Coritiba was founded on October 12, 1909.

The team had many state, national and international titles. The highest moment in Coritiba history was in 1985, when it was champion of Brasileirão.

Although best known for football, Coritiba is first team in South Brazil which supports American Football. Coritiba and Barigui Crocodiles founded Coritiba Crocodiles. Coritiba Crocodiles is a four-time state champion and two-time champion of the south conference.

Couto Pereira Stadium is Coritiba's home stadium.

The stadium was founded as Belfort Duarte. Couto Pereira was the president of the club. He was responsible for the stadium being built. When he died in 1977, the stadium name was changed to Couto Pereira.

Coritiba's biggest rivals are Atlético Paranaense and Paraná Clube. They are from the same city. The games between Coritiba and Atlético-PR are called "Atlé-Tiba". The games between Coritiba and Paraná is called "Para-Tiba".

The team colors are green and white. These are the colors of the flag of Paraná state.

Founded on October 12, 1909, Coritiba was the oldest "green and white" team in Brazilian soccer, and one of the oldest of world.

The club's logo is a green globe with the initials CFC in white on the center, along with twelve white stylized pine seeds.

Coritiba's first logo was very simple: a white background inside a green circle, with the initials CFC in green.

Coritiba's first kit was used from 1909 to 1916, and was composed of green and white vertical stripes.

Coritiba's second kit, used from 1916 to 1976 was an all-white one.

The current home kit is composed of a white shirt, with two green parallel horizontal stripes and black shorts and white socks. The away kit is composed of a green and white vertical stripes shirt, black shorts and green socks. These kits were adopted in 1976.

The official club anthem lyrics were written by Cláudio Ribeiro. The music was composed by Homero Rébuli. There is also an unofficial anthem, called "Coritiba Eterno Campeão" ("Coritiba Eternal Champion"), which was composed (both the lyrics and the music) by Francis Night. A third anthem, with lyrics by Vinicius Coelho and music by Sebastião Lima, also calls the team the "eternal champion".

The club's mascot is an old man nicknamed Vovô Coxa (Grandpa Coxa). It represents the club's tradition of being the oldest football club of Curitiba.



As of January, 2015.



Sport Club do Recife

Sport Recife is a football club which plays in Brazil.


Esporte Clube Bahia

E.C. Bahia is a football club which plays in Brazil.


Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas

Botafogo F.R. is a football club which plays in Brazil.

Club Athletico Paranaense

Club Athlético Paranaense is a football club which plays in Curitiba, Brazil.


Santos FC

Santos F.C. is a football club which plays in Brazil.



Joseph Karl Stieler

Joseph Karl Stieler (1 November 1781 — 9 April 1858) was a German painter. He was born in Mainz. His family were engravers and die-cutters. He received some artistic training from his father, August Friedrich Stieler (1736-1789). He began his career as a painter of miniatures.

In 1810, Stieler traveled through Italy and 
painted a portrait of Letizia Ramolino Bonaparte, mother of Napoleon I. 

In 1816, he traveled to Vienna and painted portrait of Emperor Francis I of Austria.

Between February and April 1820, he worked on his portrait of Beethoven, which is probably the most well-known representation of the composer today.

List of The Real Ghostbusters episodes

List of The Real Ghostbusters episodes.








New Mills

New Mills is a town in Derbyshire, England. It is eight miles from Stockport. It is by the rivers Goyt and Sett. It is very near the county of Cheshire. It has a population of 10,000.

New Mills most known employer is Swizzels Matlow, who make children's sweets. The company transferred to New Mills from London during the Blitz. Famous brands include "Parma Violets", "Refresher" chews, "Drumstick" lollies and - perhaps most famously - "Love Hearts"

Guido Westerwelle

Guido Westerwelle (27 December 1961 – 18 March 2016) was a German politician. He was Foreign Minister and Vice-Chancellor of Germany.

Westerwelle was born in Bad Honnef, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

He was an attorney before he became a politician. From 1994 to 2001 he was secretary general of the German liberal party, the Freie Demokratische Partei (FDP). In 2001 he became the leader of the party.

Westerwelle was also the leader of the FDP parliamentary group and from 1999 to 2005 head of the opposition in the German Bundestag.

In June 2014, he announced that he had acute myeloid leukemia. He died of the disease on 18 March 2016 in Cologne, Germany at the age of 54.

He was openly gay and was in a civil partnership with sports manager Michael Mronz.

Vancouver, Washington

Vancouver is a city just north of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is directly north of Portland, Oregon and south of Vancouver, British Columbia. Both cities were named for George Vancouver, a British explorer and sea captain. The city of Vancouver includes Fort Vancouver, begun by the British Hudson's Bay Company in 1824. It was made part of the United States on June 15, 1846, as part of the Oregon Treaty. It is the fourth largest city in Washington State.

The Vancouver area was home to Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans. Chinook and Klickitat tribes called this area "land of the mud turtles" before 1775. Disease killed most natives before the Hudson's Bay Company came in the 1820s. The Hudson's Bay Company built Fort Vancouver to trade in beaver skins, which were used to make top hats. Workers at Fort Vancouver came from England, the Sandwich Islands, Scotland and Canada. Many trappers had native wives and lived outside Fort Vancouver.

Americans began to arrive from the Oregon Trail. John McLoughlin was head man at Fort Vancouver and helped the Americans with tools and seed. Fort Vancouver closed in the 1840s. The city of Vancouver was incorporated in 1857 and was over three times as big by 1909. In 1917, the first bridge connecting Oregon to Washington over the Columbia River was built from Vancouver. In 1982, another bridge was built a few miles east for the I-205 freeway.

Columbia Barracks became Vancouver Barracks and was the biggest US military base in Oregon, Washington or Idaho for many years. During World War I the Vancouver Barracks had a lumber mill to cut spruce wood to make biplanes. Another ship yard built ships for World War II. Shipyard workers came and Vancouver grew from 18,000 to over 80,000 people. Vancouver grew again and in 1997 grew again to almost its present size. About half as many people live just north of Vancouver as live inside the city. About one in three Vancouver workers have jobs in Portland, Oregon.

Vancouver is located at 45°38′1″ North, 122°36′11″ West (45.633743, −122.603011).

Vancouver is just north of the Columbia River and west of the volcanic Cascade Range mountains and the Columbia gorge. Vancouver is about fifty miles from the Pacific Ocean, which gives it rain. Because it is in a valley between the Pacific Coast and Cascade mountains, there are clouds in winter. When it is clear one can see Mount Hood, the Mount Saint Helens volcano and Mount Adams from Vancouver.

Vancouver is north of Portland, Oregon and shares a similar climate: wet from November through June and dry from July through October. Vancouver has snow once or twice a year, on average. Vancouver has a total area of . Abuout 7% is water, including Vancouver Lake to the west.

The National Register of Historic Places says that Vancouver is a good place to visit. Because it is the oldest city in the area, Vancouver has a wide variety of buildings, including:


Fort Vancouver National Historic Site also has many structures, rebuilt as they were in the 1830s.

Radiant heating

Radiant heating occurs when a hot surface warms other objects around it. Radiant heating has a long history of use in buildings by the Romans and the Koreans, and is much more efficient than standard ways of heating the air in a building. Underfloor radiant heating is the most common type of radiant heating used in buildings, but wall and overhead radiant heating systems are also used. Radiant heating can also be used to heat outdoor areas. 

The Romans were the first people to use underfloor radiant heating systems. These systems were based on hypocausts, and used warm air for heat. The floor was set on top of many brick piles, leaving room for the hot air and steam produced by a furnace to pass underneath the floor. The hot air then went up chimneys on the sides of the walls, so the hot air and steam never actually went into the living rooms. These systems were very expensive to build and maintain, so only the rich could afford them. 

In Korea, radiant underfloor heating has been in use for about 2000 years. Ondol, which means "warm stone," involves the use of stones and underground ducts to help transport warm air from the kitchen to the rooms in the house. Most homes and buildings in Korea still use ondol, although they now use hot water and electric systems. The American architect Frank Lloyd Wright discovered ondol in the early 1900s and used it in many of his building designs. Wright also invented hot water underfloor systems.

The most common kind of radiant heating is underfloor heating. There are three types of underfloor heating: hot air systems, hot water systems and electric systems. 

Hot air systems use hot air to heat the floor, similar to the Romans' systems. However, air does not hold heat very well, and these systems aren't recommended for residential use. 

Hot water systems are the most popular and cost-effective systems for cold climates. In this type of system, water is heated by a boiler and pumped through pipes laid underneath the floor. Hot water systems can also be combined with solar thermal energy to make them more environmentally friendly. Solar thermal energy uses sunlight to heat water, which can then be used in the underfloor heating system. 

Hot water systems can also be run in reverse by running cold water through the pipes to cool the building. However, this technology is difficult to use properly and can result in condensation on the floor, which can ruin hardwood floors or rugs and make people more likely to fall.

Electric systems are made of electric cables that are laid underneath the floor. Electricity is then used to heat the cables, and this type of system can be turned on or off much faster than a hot water system. However, these systems are often more expensive than hot water systems because of the high prices of electricity, especially if the hot water system includes the use of solar thermal energy. The high cost of an electric heating system can be reduced if the floor can be set to heat during non-peak hours, such as late at night, and is left turned off during the day. Electric systems are also less environmentally friendly because electricity is usually produced by burning fossil fuels, which increases carbon emissions.

Underfloor radiant heating systems can be installed as either wet or dry systems. Wet systems are laid down and then concrete is poured over them. Concrete floors hold heat very well, but can take a long time to absorb the heat. Dry systems run in open air space between the foundation and the floor, but can be less efficient because they have to heat the air too. However, dry systems are much easier to reach if the system breaks or leaks. 

Any kind of flooring can be used with underfloor heating, but ceramic tiles are the most popular floor material because they transfer and store heat well. Materials like wood, carpet, or linoleum tile decrease the heat transfer from the underfloor system and the system must be set at a higher temperature if any of these materials are used.

Wall and overhead radiant heating systems are usually made of aluminum panels hung on the walls or ceiling. Like underfloor radiant heating, these panels can be heated by either hot water or electricity. However, panels heated by hot water often leak, so electric panels are the most common. These panels can't heat as much area as an underfloor system, but they can be quickly turned on and off when a person enters or leaves the room. Electric panels can reduce energy costs if panels are left turned off in empty rooms.

Using radiant heating outdoors is much more practical than heating air because the air is always moving outside. Outdoor radiant heaters are almost always electric devices, and usually portable, although it is possible to have underfloor radiant heating installed under a patio.


74 (number)

Seventy-four is a number. It comes after seventy-three and before seventy-five.

Top Gear

Top Gear is a television show on the BBC. The show is all about cars and other vehicles. They test new cars to see how fast they go. They also test really old cars and do crazy stuff with them. They usually rate cars that the normal person wouldn't be able to afford. The show started as a regular car show but has changed over time to what it is now. It uses comedy to attract viewers which are now estimated to be 350 million.

The show often has long distance races. They usually race a fast car against a different form of transportation like trains and boats. They are called 'epic' races.
They also have smaller races where they match up cars of different times to see which one outperforms the other.

The challenge part of the show is about different stunts of the most ridiculous things the show can come up with. One time they jumped a bus over a row of motorcycles (instead of the motorcycle jumping over buses).
Recently, the show has started using the phrase "How hard can it be?" for the challenge segment. They put themselves in different situations that a normal person probably wouldn't get a chance to experience.

Once during every episode (except some specials) they bring a celebrity on stage. They show footage of the celebrity driving an average car around a racetrack. They put the time it took for them to complete a lap of the track on a board with the names of all of the other celebrities who drove the same course.

Power laps are one lap around the Top Gear Test Track. They will take any car that can drive and will see how fast it can make it around the track. The vehicles must be cars and they must be road legal.

Backpacking (wilderness)

Backpacking is hiking in the outdoors with a backpack full of all your food, clothing, water, and shelter. Usually, backpackers hike in groups to stay safer. They must think to bring first aid supplies, sleeping bags, tents, rain gear, stoves, food and other camping supplies.

Backpacking may be done on short or long trips. Sometimes, backpacking groups begin at a trail head with a parking lot and hike over a weekend until they work their way back to the vehicle. On longer trips, groups may settle in at a base camp and hike for weeks or even months if they are more experienced and prepared.

When following certain rules, backpackers have the chance to leave the outdoors better than they found them. There are certain practices such as Leave No Trace that teach backpackers and hikers to pack out all waste and help conserve nature in every way possible such as not building fires in dry areas, saving water, and protecting the environment. When backpackers use these skills, they help preserve nature while getting to explore themselves while outside the influence of the rest of the world.

Châlons-en-Champagne

Châlons-en-Champagne is a "commune" in the Marne department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France. It is the "préfecture" (capital) of the department.

Even if Châlons-en-Champagne is the capital of the department, it is only the second largest city in population after Reims. It should not be confused with Chalon-sur-Saône, a city in the Saône-et-Loire department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

Formerly called Châlons-sur-Marne, the name of the city was changed to Châlons-en-Champagne in 1995 but it was rejected in 1997. But, finally, this change was accepted in 1998.

Châlons-en-Champagne is in the centre of the Marne department. The Marne river flows through the western part of the city.

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Châlons-en-Champagne to other cities are:

The "commune" of Châlons-en-Champagne is surrounded by the "communes" L'Épine, Saint-Memmie, Sarry, Compertrix, Fagnières and Saint-Martin-sur-le-Pré.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Châlons-en-Champagne is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average temperature for the year in Châlons-en-Champagne is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Châlons-en-Champagne is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The inhabitants of Châlons-en-Champagne are known, in French, as "Châlonnais" (women: "Châlonnaises ").

With a population of 45,002, Châlons-en-Champagne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Châlons-en-Champagne

Châlons-en-Champagne forms, with other 4 "communes", the urban area of Châlons-en-Champagne with a population of 57,571 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Châlons-en-Champagne, formed by 66 "communes", with a population of 81,486 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Châlons-en-Champagne is a prefecture of the Marne department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne and the administrative centre () of three cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Châlons Agglo" ().

Châlons-en-Champagne is twinned with:




Nicolas Appert

Nicolas Appert (Châlons-en-Champagne 1749 - Massy 1841) was a French inventor. He was the inventor of airtight food preservation.


Schulze method

The Schulze method is a way of voting that is used to fill a single vacant position in an election. It was developed in 1997 by Markus Schulze. It is also known as Schwartz Sequential Dropping (SSD), Cloneproof Schwartz Sequential Dropping (CSSD), Beatpath Method, Beatpath Winner, Path Voting, and Path Winner. It is used by several organizations including Wikimedia, Debian, Gentoo, BerryTube, and the KDE.

Voters rank the candidates in the order from the one that they most want to win to the one they least want to win. The same preference (how much the voters want the candidate to win or lose) can be given to more than one candidate, and candidates can be given no number (they are interpreted as the worst).

Next, for every pair of two candidates, the two are compared: ignoring all other candidates, which of the two in the pair is preferred by most voters? How many voters agree with the majority decision is noted.

More calculations take place. Given two candidates A and K, A is said to beat K with strength "t" if "t" voters prefer A to B, "t" voters prefer B to C, and so on, and "t" voters prefer J to K. The winner W is the candidate which beats any other candidate X with strength "t", but X does not beat W with strength "t".

Markus Schulze, A new monotonic, clone-independent, reversal symmetric, and condorcet-consistent single-winner election method , Social Choice and Welfare, volume 36, number 2, page 267–303, 2011. Preliminary version in "Voting Matters", 17:9-19, 2003.





The Man from Earth

The Man from Earth is a 2007 movie written by Jerome Bixby.

The movie tells the story of John Oldman. All of the movie takes place in a small house and its porch, where Oldman tells his friends that he is a 14,000 year old Cro-Magnon caveman.

The movie begins with the protagonist John Oldman packing up his belongings onto his truck. John Oldman is getting ready to move to a different place to live. This is when his friends come over to give him a farewell party. From their conversations we learn that John Oldman and his friends are all professors in a university. After a bit of conversation, the group of friends moves into John Oldman’s house. John’s friends keep asking why he decided to “run off” so quickly. John Oldman does not answer clearly at first, but gradually becomes drawn to telling his friends what is really on his mind. He begins to tell his friends about who he really is, a 14,000 year old Cro-Magnon caveman who has survived until the present. His friends aren’t convinced, but rather constantly question John Oldman in order to prove him wrong. The talk goes on as John Oldman’s friends try to prove him wrong, in biological, historical, and religious terms.

The conversations are driven by John Oldman’s claims of his past. His claims include the following:


Liberal online magazine Fadewblogs included the film in their list of must-watch films for atheists. IGN gave it an 8 out of 10 score.


Shaolin Monastery

The Shaolin Monastery or Shaolin Temple is a temple at Song mountain of Dengfeng, near Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, China. Now it is led by abbot Venerable abbot Shi Yǒngxìn.

It was founded in the 6th century and became the Holy Ground of Kung Fu. Now it is the Mahayana Buddhist monastery perhaps best known to the Western world.

Egyptian vulture

The Egyptian vulture ("Neophron percnopterus") is a small Old World vulture. It is found from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to southern Asia. It is the only living member of the genus "Neophron", and there are three subspecies. In Southern Asia this species is called the scavenger vulture.

When they feed on the eggs of other birds, they break larger ones by tossing a large pebble onto them. The use of tools is rare in birds, but Egyptian vultures also use twigs to roll up wool for use in their nest.

Henan

Henan is a province of the People's Republic of China. It is in the central eastern part of China. The name Henan means "south of the Yellow River." The capital of Henan is Zhengzhou.

Its major cities are Anyang, Hebi, Jiaozuo, Kaifeng, Luohe, Luoyang, Nanyang, Pingdingshan, Puyang, Sanmenxia, Shangqiu, Xinxiang, Xinyang, Xuchang, Zhengzhou, Zhoukou and Zhumadian.
Henan is now the province of China with the most people. 

The abbreviation of Henan is Yu (豫) to remember a kingdom from history that was in the area, and also because another province also has "He" (河) in its name, Hebei (河北).

Pulp Fiction

Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American crime drama movie set in Los Angeles. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. The movie stars John Travolta, Bruce Willis, Uma Thurman and Samuel L. Jackson. It is a very popular movie. "Pulp Fiction" is rated "R" for strong graphic violence and drug use, profanity and some sexuality.

Soju

Soju is a distilled drink. Soju literally means "burned liquor". 
This kind of distilled beverage was first found in Persia, where the distillation methods of producing alcoholic beverage originated from. But through a Mongolian who contacted Islamic culture did this kind of alcoholic beverage and the distillation techniques of making such a drink come about to the East.
As soju became prevalent throughout Won Dynasty of China, it eventually spread throughout Korea Kingdom, where it became so popular that numerous kinds of soju were created. Because soju created at that time were made from pure grains, it was very tasty and clean. It was also not so strong. However, it was very expensive simply because it was distilled.

Nowadays, soju is very popular in South Korea. Koreans enjoy drinking soju as a means of promoting friendship and getting closer to each other. Usually, people drink it with "anju", a side dish, so as to moderate its bitterness.

Goguryeo

Goguryeo is a dynasty of ancient Korea which was begun by Jumong () in 37 BC. It was started in the area near the Dongga River, a branch of the Abrok River. Jolbon was the capital city founded by Jumong.

The legend of the nation's birth is that Jumong was born out of an egg and brought up by King Gumwa () of East Buyeo. The name, Jumong, means a person who is good at archery. Because of his archery skills, Prince Daeso () envied him. So, Jumong felt death threats and decided to escape from East Buyeo with three friends. He went to Jolbon Buyeo and married Sosuno () who was the princess of the nation. Jumong succeeded the king and changed the nation's name to Goguryeo after his surname.

Since the first king, King Dongmyeong (), Goguryeo had been invaded by several enemies such as the Chinese Han Dynasty, and Xianbei. But, by 11th king's reign, Goguryeo had succeeded in taking control over Liaoong. Until the 24th king's period, it had had its golden age, expanding the range of the nation and driving away all the attacks from ouside. The most famous king was King Gwanggaeto the Great ().

However, when it was under the control of 27th king, Youngryou (), Goguryeo was becoming a vassal of the Tang Dynasty. Because of this, the king was killed by Yoen Gaesomoon () and a new king, Bojang () succeeded. After Yoen Gaesomoon died, the people did not cooperate with the nation well and while its control got weak, it was destroyed by the allied forces of Tang and Silla.

The Goguryeoan slave girl Yusu tried to poisoned Guo Zhengyi, a Tang dynasty official, after she was taken as a slave by him during the Tangn dynasty conquest, but she was caught along with another Goguryeoan and executed.

Wilhelm Pieck

Friedrich Wilhelm Reinhold Pieck (3 January 1876 in eastern Guben (today Poland) - 7 September 1960 in Berlin) was an (East) German communist politician. He was a member of the Spartacus League. He was joint founder, and from 1946 to 1950 co-chairman of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED, together with Otto Grotewohl), and from 1949 to his death in 1960 the first and only president of the GDR.

During the Weimar Republic he was a member of the Landtag of Prussia from 1921 to 1928, and afterwards a member of the Reichstag from 1928 to 1933, both on behalf of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).

Beth Elamen Cemetery

Beth Elamen is the only Jewish cemetery in Beirut, capital of Lebanon. Its spelling in Hebrew is "", meaning: "House of Cemetery". 

The cemetery is very close to Sodeco Square. It can also be reached using the Damascus Expressway.


Broxbourne railway station

Broxbourne railway station, opened in 1840, serves Broxbourne in Hertfordshire, England. It is on the West Anglia Main Line, and train services are provided by Abellio Greater Anglia, who also manage the station.

Daemon (computer software)

In Unix, and in other computer multitasking operating systems, a daemon ( or ) is a computer program that runs as a background task. Many daemons have names that end with the letter "d": for example, syslogd, the daemon that handles the system log, httpd, a daemon that handles web requests, or sshd, which takes care of incoming SSH connections.



Overcharge

Overcharge is an economic term used in legal discourse about price fixing violations. An overcharge is the difference between what a buyer or seller "actually" paid for a good purchased from a cartel and what the buyer or seller "would have" paid in the absence of a price-fixing cartel. The total amount of the overcharges paid by customers of a cartel is the major component of damages that can be recovered by plaintiffs in private antitrust suits. Under U.S. federal antitrust law, buyers injured by cartel overcharges are entitled to triple the overcharges that they are able to prove in court.

The overcharge has a one-to-one relationship to the Lerner Index, the most common measure of market power in economics. Both measures employ the same numerator (PM - PC), where PM is the observed market price and PC is the competitive benchmark price, but use different denominators. The overcharge ratio is (PM-PC)/PC, whereas the Lerner Index is (PM-PC)/PM. Both ratios are zero when a market is perfectly competitive or a cartel is ineffective in raising prices. The Lerner Index has an upper limit of one when the pure monopoly price is charged in a market. The overcharge has no upper limit.

Rye House railway station

Rye House railway station is in Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire, England. It is on the Hertford East branch of the West Anglia Main Line, and train services are provided by Abellio Greater Anglia.

The typical off-peak service is two trains per hour to London Liverpool Street via Tottenham Hale, and two trains per hour to Hertford East.

List of London Underground stations

The London Underground is a metro system in the United Kingdom. It serves Greater London and the nearby districts of Essex, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire. London Underground was first opened in 1863 which makes it the oldest underground metro system in the world.

This list includes all stations on the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway. Listed for each station is the line or lines serving it, the local authority and London Travelcard zone in which it is located, the date it opened, previous names and passenger usage statistics in millions per year.

There are three instances where two separate stations share the same name: Edgware Road, Hammersmith and Canary Wharf. Although the Hammersmith & City line platforms at Paddington are on the other side of the mainline station from the platforms of the other Underground lines, it is treated as a single station. It is currently shown this way on the Tube map, but has been shown as two stations at times. Canary Wharf has separate Jubilee line and Docklands Light Railway stations, which are shown as one station on current tube map.




Ratatat

Ratatat is a Electronic Rock/Electronica duo with guitarist Mike Stroud and synthesizer driver and producer Evan Mast. The two met as collee students in Skidmore, started working together in 2001 under the name "Cherry". In 2004 they published their debut album Ratatat which includes songs such as "Seventeen Years", "Germany to Germany", and "Desert Eagle". Following, in 2006, Classics, then LP3, in 2008 was released.

Other works done by Ratatat are single albums and remixes of other musicians. Single albums include "Seventeen Years", "Germany to Germany", "Wildcat", "Lex", "Loud Pipes", "Shiller", "Mirando", and "Shempi". Their most recent remix album "Ratatat Remixes No. 2" featured 14 remixes featuring: Young Buck, T.I, Ludacris, The Notorious B.I.G, Jay Z, Z-Ro, Devin the Dude, Juvenile, Beanie Sigel, Despot, Memphis Bleek, Slim Thug, Bun B, Young Jeezy, Kanye West, Beans, Saigon, and U.G.K.

The band is known for their unique use of eletronica style music that emphasizes guitar towards the front while keeping the beat flow in the background.

Their songs were featured in various media. Some examples would be :
"Seventeen Years" was featured in the 2008 movie "Cloverfield".
"Loud Pipes" was featured in the PlayStation game "MLB 07: The Show".
"Dura" was used in CSI Season 9, Episode 7 "Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda".
"Montanita" was used in Season 2 - Episode 2 of the NBC show Chuck

They have currently gone through their spring 2009 US tour, and their next upcoming show is scheduled to be in Arendal on June 23, 2009.

Binary form

Binary form (also know as AB Form or movement of continuity) is a type of form of music pieces. The word Binary means "in two parts." The word Form is a kind of guideline for composers when they write a piece of music. So, binary form means "An outline in two parts." A musical piece in binary form is a musical piece with two sections.
Binary form was popular in the Baroque times and was often used for movements in sonatas for keyboard instruments. Each part of a binary form piece of music are usually repeated.

Binary form was most commonly used in the Baroque era for short dances called minuets. The minuet's two parts are usually labeled as "A" and "B." In the A section of a minuet, the exposition is stated. This section almost always is repeated a couple times. The beginning part of the B section develops a slightly new musical idea, usually going to the dominant key, to add variation. Then it returns to the "A" key at the end. Some famous composers of minuets include Johann Sebastian Bach and George Frideric Handel.


Bubble tea

Bubble tea, also called pearl tea or Boba, is a drink which comes from Taichung, Taiwan. It is made by mixing black tea with non-dairy creamer or milk and adding round "pearl" tapioca. There are many flavors other than the original one. Green tea can be used instead of black tea. Extra items such as honey, coffee or cocoa can be added. Pudding or coconut cubes can be used instead of pearl tapioca.

When it was first invented, not many people were interested in it. But after a bubble tea maker was interviewed on a Japanese TV program, it became popular among people of all ages. The popularity of bubble tea can be seen not only in Taiwan but also in other countries such as South Korea, Japan, Hong Kong, China, Southeast Asia, Australia, Canada and the USA.

Bubble tea has now arrived in England and the rest of Europe.

On January 29, 2023, Google celebrated the drink as a doodle.
Most bubble tea recipes contain a tea base mixed with fruit or milk, to which chewy tapioca balls or fruit jellies are added. Ice-mixed versions are usually mixed with fruit or syrup, resulting in a slushy softness. There are many varieties of the drink with a huge range of ingredients like coconut or mango. The two most popular types are bubble milk tea with tapioca and bubble milk green tea with tapioca.

At first, people made bubble tea without tapioca pearls. But Taiwanese people started to find substances to make the sweetened flavor. Tapioca came from the cassava plant, which is a root of the trees from South America. This plant is now farmed and enjoyed around the world.

Four positive nutrients that tapioca provide are carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals, and organic compounds. These include a very low level of fat, cholesterol, and sodium. It is also known as the source of fiber, “good” cholesterol, and protein. But bubble tea has Cyanogen that are transformed in humans and animals after the plant tissue has been weakened. The blood remains oxygenated after it passes through your body and back to the lungs.

Bubble tea is found in Taiwanese restaurants and commonly prepared by shaking ice, milk, tea, and sugar in a cocktail shaker which resulted in a lot of tapioca bubbles. People use the same preparation to make bubble tea, just now with the added Pearls.


An Jung-sik

An Jung-sik (1861–1919) was an artist who lived in the late Joseon dynasty. In 1918 he organized the association of paintings and writings artists (Seohwa-hyeopae; 서화협회;書畵協會)'. And he founded "Gyeongmokdang" () in which artists and supporters gathered and communicated with each other. As the leader of the association he made an effort to educate younger artist generation. He was excellent at landscape, portrait, flowers and birds. 

His main works are:

In his period, the western modern art was introduced to Korea, and the Korean traditional art was declining. He not only tried to succeed the traditional art but also adapt the western art, a realistic trend.


Korean International School of Hong Kong

The Korean International School of Hong Kong (KIS) was founded on March 1988. It is in Lei King Wan, Sai Wan Ho, Hong Kong, near Tai Koo Shing. Tai Koo Shing has many Koreans.

The school has an English section and a Korean section. The Korean Section uses Korean textbooks. The students there prepare to take the KSAT (Suneung) so they can go to Korean universities. The English section uses English textbooks and follows the Cambridge International Primary Programme.

KIS has many facilities, like a tennis court, swimming pool, soft-surface playing fields, and a gymnasium. Students use the facilities for physical education classes and activities outside of classes. Higher grade students take a school trip to England.

There are many special parties during the year. Usually there is one party per month. Some of these parties are Play Day in April, Sports Day in May, Spring Concert in June, Halloween in October, and Fun Tie and Hat Day.

The students are in four "house teams"- Cougars, Eagles, Lions and Pandas. Each house has their own chant and their own colour.

In the past the school has had problems with bribery. A person in the cleaning company paid a bribe to a school officer. So the Independent Commission Against Corruption investigated the school and arrested one person. Koreans in Hong Kong were disappointed. They said they lost confidence in the school's management.

Cyon

Cyon is mobile phone brand of Korean LG Electronics. The brand was launched in 1997. Cyon represents the cutting-edge technology in cellphone market world-wide. Cyon adopts "Smart technology", development philosophy that reflects users' emotions, in manufacturing products. Cyon prioritizes customers' opinions and desires in new designs. 

Cyon's headquarters are in Seoul, Korea. However, Cyon branched out to Europe, North America, South America and Asia with strategic marketing, gaining success. 

Cyon's first generation cell-phones were bar-types. Upon entering year 2000, second generation came to be folder style. In 2002, the third generation of slide-phones were introduced. In 2007, Cyon presented touch phones with the latest technology. Cyon cellphones have functions such as cameras, wireless internet, DMB TV, Blue-tooth and USB memory chip.

Battle of the year

Battle of the year (acronym BOTY) is a worldwide breakdancing tournament held every year. In 1990, Thomas Hergenröther founded BOTY in Hannover, Germany. There were 9 crews and 400 visitors at that time. As break-dancing became more popular, BOTY grew in size and found a new location in Braunschweig, Germany.

Regional BOTY (BOTY France, BOTY Korea and so on) first takes place to choose a single crew that will represent each nation in the upcoming BOTY international. Representing crews compete against each other first in a showcase in which every crew presents their own choreographed performances within 6 minutes or so. According to the rankings of the showcase, 2 semi finals in total between 1st and 4th crew and 2nd and 3rd crew takes place. The final battle follows between the winners of the semi finals to judge the champion crew of the year.

Judging Criteria for a showcase include; synchronicity, stage-presence, theme & music and choreography.
Criteria for individual B-Boys include; top rock, footwork, freeze and power move.
Criteria for a battle include; response, routines, strategy and attitude.


Takahiro Matsumoto

Takahiro "Tak" Matsumoto (born March 27, 1961 in Toyonaka, Osaka) is a Japanese guitarist. He is the lead arranger of rock band B'z.

Foot binding

Foot binding is an old Chinese custom of wrapping girls' feet with cloth in order to stop them from growing with age. Some Chinese legends say people started binding women's feet as early as the Shang dynasty (1700–1027 BCE). However, writing says that foot binding began at the court of the Song dynasty (960–1279 CE). It lasted until the early 20th century, when it was banned by the People's Republic of China. 

Foot binding was a sign of social status. If a woman's feet were bound, it was a sign that she was a higher-class woman who did not have to do hard work. However, foot binding slowly spread to the lower classes who wanted to try and get a higher social status. By the 17th century, Chinese girls of all social statuses had their feet bound. 

Some people think that Chinese women were forced to bind their feet in order to help their husbands feel sexual pleasure. Some people also see foot binding as insulting to women. But other people argue that this view is biased against the Chinese culture in favor of modern Western standards.

Foot binding usually tried to make the feet about long, at most. Some drastic things were done at times to try to do this. Because of this, women who had their feet bound would usually be impaired, or damaged, for the rest of their lives. The physical consequences (or results) of foot binding stayed in Chinese society until very recently, according to a study published by the University of San Francisco.

When the Manchuria created the Qing dynasty, the Manchurian emperors wrote many laws banning foot binding. However, the laws did not work very well. In 1874, the first anti-footbinding committee was held in Shanghai by a British priest. After the collapse of the Qing dynasty, the republican government kept trying to stop foot binding. They gave fines (orders to pay money) to women who still had their feet bound after 1915. During the early 20th century, western fashion was affecting China more and more. The People's Republic of China eventually outlawed foot binding, although this was not very successful in actually ending the practice. According to Xinhua News Agency, the last factory to make shoes for bound-feet women stopped making those shoes in 1998, in Harbin, China.



Udenhout

Udenhout is a town in The Netherlands. In 1232 the abbey of Tongerlo was started which grew into the village that is now called Udenhout.

Udenhout has been part of the municipality of Tilburg since 1997.

There was a pilgrim who arrived after long reis going in Udenhout. He knocked in a castle whose lord was hospitable. He knew that he could spend the night. When he did not aanklopte castle or one of his employees open, but a buck driver. They were descendants of Hugo de bokkerijder. They were murdered and their lord moved into the castle. The pilgrim told how God would think about. But, they are not much of. The pilgrim was thrown from the castle. He walked across and looked at again. But the castle was gone. God had heard his word and the goats driver punished. Since then we call this the castle sunk castle. There is also a district that is named after this castle and also the shape and construction of a real castle. But the actual castle is still not found.


HY

HY is a Japanese rock music band formed in year 2000 by five high school friends in Okinawa. Their name comes from the initials of their hometown, Higashi Yakena. The band became popular by performing music in the streets. Their first album "Departure" (Okinawa-only) sold out immediately. In 2002, the band did a live performance with American group, Linkin Park.


Mount Kisco

Mount Kisco is a village and a town in Westchester County, in the state of New York. One story says it was named after an Algonquian Native American chief who once lived in the area. There is another story which says that the name came from the Algonquian word meaning the "edge of creekland", or "a muddy place". It is a suburban town about 40 minutes from New York City by car. There is also a train to New York. The village has more than 10,000 people, who live in an area of 3.1 square miles. There are approximately 2,500 families living in Mount Kisco.

Mount Kisco is a part of the Bedford School District, which has five elementary schools, one middle school, and a high school. The village is run by a Mayor and four trustees. It has a commercial hub in the center of the village. Around the Mount Kisco Library are the shopping corridors on South Moger Avenue. Mount Kisco is a relatively quiet town; however, it is currently suffering from increased traffic.

Before Europeans came to live in the area in the 1600s, the area was called Lenape by the Native Americans. The village of Mount Kisco became official in 1878. In 1978, it joined with several other small villages to form the town of Mount Kisco.

The first policeman, John Daniels, started work in Mount Kisco on May 7, 1877. He was paid 100 dollars a year. The first female policeman was Donna Fotovich who started work in 1985.


Maslak USO Center

Maslak USO Center is a modern shopping mall in the finance and business quarter of Maslak in Istanbul, Turkey. It opened on 30 January 2000.


Kinki Kids

KinKi Kids is a Japanese J-pop band. The members are Koichi Doumoto and Tsuyoshi Doumoto. They formed the duo in 1992, and they came out in 1997. They are from Kinki region. So, the duo named KinKi kids after Kinki region. They have same family name, but they are not relatives.

Scott Young (writer)

Scott Alexander Young (April 14, 1918 – June 12, 2005) was a Canadian journalist, sportswriter, novelist and the father of musicians Neil Young and Astrid Young. Over his career, Young wrote 45 books, including novels and non-fiction for adult and youth audiences.

Born in Cypress River, Manitoba, Young grew up in nearby Glenboro, Manitoba, where his father, Percy Andrew Young, owned a drug store. His mother was Jean Ferguson Paterson. After his father went broke in 1926, the family moved to Winnipeg, but were unable to afford to stay there. His parents separated in 1930, and he went to live with an aunt and uncle in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, for a year before moving back to Winnipeg to live with his mother. He left high school at 16 and began working for a tobacco wholesaler.

Young began writing while in his teens, submitting stories to various publications, most of which were rejected. At the age of 18, in 1936, he was hired as a copyboy at the Winnipeg Free Press and was soon made sports reporter. He met Edna Blow "Rassy" Ragland in 1937 and the two were married in 1940.

Unable to get a raise at the "Free Press", Young moved to Toronto in 1941, covering news and sports for the Canadian Press news agency. His first son, Bob Young, was born in 1942 and five months later, Young was sent to England to help cover World War II for CP. He came back a year later and joined the Royal Canadian Navy, where he served until his release from the service when the war ended in 1945. Young returned to CP and soon joined "Maclean's" magazine as an assistant editor. His second son, Neil Young, was born in Toronto in November 1945.

Young began to sell fiction to publications in Canada and the United States including the "Saturday Evening Post" and "Collier's". He quit his job at "Maclean's" in 1948 to write short stories full-time.

In 1949, Young bought a house in Omemee, Ontario, near Peterborough. The family's finances would vary with Young's success in selling his stories and he began taking assignments from "Sports Illustrated." His first novel "The Flood" was published in 1956. Young moved to Pickering, Ontario and spent a year working in public relations for a jet engine company before joining "The Globe and Mail" as a daily columnist in 1957 and moving back to Toronto. In 1959, Young met Astrid Mead while on assignment in British Columbia and, soon after, he and his wife separated. Following Young's divorce in 1961, he and Mead were married. They had a daughter, Astrid Young, in 1962.

He was also a host on Hockey Night in Canada until getting on the wrong side of Toronto Maple Leafs co-owner John Bassett. The Leafs threatened HNIC's sponsor and advertising agency until they agreed to fire Young.

In 1967, Young bought a farm near Omemee in Cavan Township and built a house there. In 1969, he asked to be transferred to the "Globe"'s news bureau in Ottawa. Shortly after arriving in Ottawa, he got into a dispute with his paper over the publication rights to excerpts from a book he had just written with Punch Imlach. The rights had been acquired by the "Toronto Telegram", but the "Globe" wouldn't allow Young's writing to appear in a competing newspaper. He quit the "Globe" and accepted a job offer from Bassett to become sports editor and columnist at the "Telegram", moving back to Toronto within weeks of his move to Ottawa. Young remained at the "Telegram" until the paper folded in 1971. He then rejoined the "Globe and Mail". Young and his second wife separated in 1976, and in the fall of 1977, he moved in with fellow "Globe" writer Margaret Hogan. The two married in 1980. At the same time, Young had a falling out with the "Globe" over stories critical of Imlach written by Donald Ramsay and quit. He worked with former Toronto Maple Leafs owner Conn Smythe on Smythe's autobiography, which would be published after Smythe's death in November 1980.

In 1988, Young received the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award from the Hockey Hall of Fame as selected by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association, and was also inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame. Young and his wife sold the farm in the late 1980s and moved to Howth, Ireland, a suburb of North Dublin. In 1990, Young received an honorary doctorate from Trent University and donated many of his papers to the university's archives. The Youngs returned to Omemee in 1992 and repurchased their old farm, which Young owned for the rest of his life. Scott Young Public School in Omemee was named in his honour in 1993. His autobiography, "A Writer's Life", was published in 1994.

He and Margaret moved to Kingston, Ontario, in 2004, where he died the following year at the age of 87.


Scott Young

Scott Young may refer to:



Scott Young (ice hockey b. 1967)

Scott Young (born October 1, 1967 in Clinton, Massachusetts) is an American retired professional ice hockey right winger. 



Scott Young (ice hockey b. 1965)

Scott Young (born May 26, 1965 in Oakville, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player who played in the minor leagues in North America and in Britain's top level leagues.

Pico da Neblina

Pico da Neblina is Brazil's highest mountain. It is high. It is located in Amazonas state, along the Venezuelan border. It is located in the Negro River Basin. Pico de Neblina, means "Mist Peak" in Portuguese.

Amazonas (Brazilian state)

Amazonas is the largest state of Brazil. It is in the North Region and borders Acre, Mato Grosso, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima and some countries of Latin America. Its main city is Manaus. In Amazonas is found the highest part of Brazil, the Pico da Neblina.

Its name was given because of the Amazons legend, and it is also the name of its major river, the second longest river in the world. Other rivers in Amazonas are Rio Juruá, Purus, Madeira, Rio Negro, Rio Içá, Rio Uaupés, and Rio Japurá.

The economy is based in mining, fishing, and industry.


Jurua River

Rio Jurua is a river in western Brazil, Amazonas. Its course forms a part of the border with Peru.

Japurá River

Japura River or Caquetá River is a river in Brazil, Amazonas state. That is about long. It begins in the Andes mountains in Columbia where it is called the Caquetá. The river flows through Columbia into Brazil where it is called the Japura. It empties into the Amazon river.

Woolwich Arsenal station

Woolwich Arsenal station is a National Rail and Docklands Light Railway interchange station in Woolwich in the London Borough of Greenwich. It acts as a local station on the North Kent Line between London and Gillingham, served by Southeastern, and is the southern terminus of the Woolwich Arsenal branch of the Docklands Light Railway. The station faces General Gordon Square and is named after the nearby Woolwich Arsenal. It is the only DLR station in Travelcard Zone 4.

The typical off-peak service from the station is:


The station is on the North Kent Line. Typical journey times to London are in the region of 30 minutes.

King George V DLR station

King George V DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) which opened on 2 December 2005. It is named after the King George V Dock, nearby. Until January 2009, it served as a temporary terminus for the King George V branch of DLR but the line has since been extended under the River Thames to Woolwich Arsenal.

The station is in the London Borough of Newham and is in Travelcard Zone 3.


London City Airport DLR station

London City Airport DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which serves the London City Airport, and which opened in 2 December 2005. It is on the King George V branch. Trains run westbound to Bank in the City of London and eastbound to Woolwich Arsenal.

Until the extension to Woolwich Arsenal this station was the main reason for this branch. It continues to be an important station on the DLR. It has an excellent direct covered connection with adjacent airport terminal building. Although the station maintains the DLR philosophy of basic good design it makes various concessions to cater for airport passengers including a fully enclosed waiting room on the central island platform.

The station is in the London Borough of Newham and is in Travelcard Zone 3.


Pontoon Dock DLR station

Pontoon Dock DLR station, on the Woolwich Arsenal branch of the DLR, opened on 2 December 2005. It is in the east of Silvertown in the London Borough of Newham, and is in Travelcard Zone 3. 


West Silvertown DLR station

West Silvertown is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which opened in December 2005. It is on the Woolwich Arsenal branch. Trains run Westbound to Bank in the City of London and Eastbound to Woolwich Arsenal, passing through London City Airport station.

The station is in the London Borough of Newham and is in Travelcard Zone 3.


Canning Town station

Canning Town station is a major inter-modal transport interchange in East London. It is served by London Underground's Jubilee Line and the Docklands Light Railway (DLR), as well as being served by local buses operated on behalf of London Buses. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

The North London Line platforms will be redeveloped as part of the extension of the DLR from Canning Town to Stratford International via West Ham, which would see a more frequent service to Stratford, although passengers to NLL destinations beyond will have to change.

On the DLR City Airport extension there is a station planned south-east of here called Thames Wharf, depending mainly on the regeneration of the area.


Current Services

Future Services

Critical thinking

Critical thinking is a smart way of thinking. It means looking carefully at information or problems and deciding if they are good or not. One has to think in a clear and organized way. One also have to ask questions, think about different ideas, and make choices based on proof and good reasons. Thinking ahead and analyzing things for the future is also part of critical thinking. It's not just about what's happening now, but also thinking about what might come next and how things could change in the future. Critical thinking is very important for making good decisions, solving problems, and handling difficult situations.

To engage in reflective thinking about a statement of truth and avoid being easily fooled, questions about it can be written as clearly and simply as possible, making certain that all terms are well understood by giving definitions if necessary. Critical thinking is a method for determining whether a claim is true, false, sometimes true and sometimes false, or partly true and partly false. To establish the truth of a claim, one requires evidence or information to verify its legitimacy. Information is found in libraries, online sources, and through interviews with experts in the respective fields. Trained librarians can help in researching library materials, and some are proficient in helping with computer and internet resources. Then critically evaluating the context in which a claim is made, judging the quality of information (updated, thorough, well-informed, and impartial), understanding any biases present through asking probing questions, and recognizing how the pieces of information relate to each other, one can ascertain the accuracy of the statement of truth or a claim. To better understand biases one can use various methods, these include thinking about different ideas and reasons why people might disagree, checking what we think is true, being aware of how information is presented, spotting ways where the author is trying to convincing, recognizing how things that happened before can be similar to what might happen now if they share similar parts or situations, etc.

Critical thinking tools come from different fields of study like statistics, logistics, semantics, experimental research methodology, psychology, sociology, etc.

East India DLR station

East India is a station on Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in east London. It takes its name from the nearby former East India Docks of the Port of London, where ships trading with the Indian subcontinent used to dock. 

It is on the Beckton branch of the DLR, and is in Travelcard Zones 2 and 3. It opened, with the Beckton Branch, on 28 March 1994. 


Blackwall DLR station

Blackwall is a station on Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in east London. The station is close to the northern entry to the Blackwall road tunnel under the Thames.

Blackwall station is on the Beckton branch of the DLR between Poplar and East India stations, and is in Travelcard Zone 2.

The DLR station opened, with the Beckton Branch, on the 28 March 1994. There was a previous station on the same site, called Poplar station, which was served by the London and Blackwall Railway from 6 July 1840 to 3 May 1926. Blackwall station on the London and Blackwall Railway was actually farther east. The location of these two stations on the London and Blackwall Railway can be seen in the bottom-right hand corner of the Map of Poplar, 1885.

There is a crossover west of the station which allows trains from Beckton, Poplar or Woolwich Arsenal to reverse here.


Amazonas Region

The Region of Amazonas is a region of Peru. It is in the northwest part of the country. Its capital is the city of Chachapoyas.

The Amazonas Region has a lot of rainforests and mountain ranges. The rainforest zone covers 72.93% of the area, and it goes to the north, up to the border with Ecuador. It does this in the summits of the Cordillera del Cóndor. The mountain range zone is in the southern provinces of the Amazonas Region. It makes up 27.07% of the region's land.

Aguaruna and Huambisa people live in the region.

The 2007 Peru Census says that the language learnt first by most of the people was Spanish (84.90%). The following table shows the results of the language learnt first in the Amazonas Region by province:


Wayuu

The Wayúu are a tribe of native people living in La Guajira Peninsula, between Colombia and Venezuela. 

The Wayúu live in La Guajira Peninsula in Colombia and Venezuela. La Guajira Peninsula is on the Caribbean Sea coast. The two main rivers that flow through this area are; the Racheria River in Colombia and El Limon River in Venezuela. The Wayúu and other people that live there create ponds to keep water stored from the rain season.

Waxing

Waxing is a method of removing hair from the body. Waxing removes the whole hair including the root. Both men and women engage in waxing, as do female children as young as eight. Any area of the body can be waxed but the more common areas are the legs, underarms, genitals, torso and face. There are health concerns about waxing such as pain, inflammation, infection and physical damage to the skin. At least two women have been hospitalized due to bikini waxing. The waxing of young girls has been criticized and concerns over emotional problems have been raised by parents and by doctors and psychologists. Although it is known as "waxing" not all treatments of this kind use wax. Some waxing treatments use a sugar mixture in the same manner as wax. 

Any area of the body where hair grows can be waxed. The most commonly waxed areas are;


Women in Ancient Egypt removed unwanted hair with a sticky mixture of honey and oil. Women in the Middle East have used a sugaring mixture which is made up of a paste of warm sugar, lemon juice, and water. In 1922 Sears started selling razors to women and the ability for them to remove unwanted hair began. Pubic hair removal began during World War II when the US government ordered less material to be used in making women's bathing suits and the bikini was invented, causing some women to have hair stick out the sides of the bikini bottom. In the 1960s, waxing products became available.

A sphinx wax or Brazilian wax is a type of hair removal. When sphynxing or doing a Brazilian wax, all the pubic hair is removed. Sphynxing has many health benefits. One of the benefits of sphynxing is when someone has dermatophytes. Full hair removal when sphynxing can also help to avoid jock itch. Another benefit of sphynxing is that it usually involves individuals with experience. Some men have advocated there should be equal access to sphinxing services for men.

Waxing rips the hair out of the skin and often causes pain. The pain increases in areas such as the genitals, especially for people who have not waxed before or do not wax often. Redness and swelling also often occurs at the waxing site. Waxing is itself a safe thing, but there are times when it is not safe to get waxed. When skin is sunburned, it is not good to get a wax treatment. Allegic reactions can also happen with waxing. People with medical problems such as diabetes, chronic kidney or liver disease, skin conditions such as eczema or psoriasis, or weakened immune systems are advised not to get wax treatments at all. At least one woman, with diabetes, almost died due to getting a bikini wax and becoming infected and another woman was hospitalised after being waxed in her genital area. In 2007 the New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling came close to banning genital waxing based on health concerns. There is also concern about the trend to remove all or most of the pubic hair from a person's genitals. Dr. Linda K. Franks, assistant clinical professor of dermatology at the New York University School of Medicine, says "Pubic hair is there for a reason—to protect the sensitive skin and mucous membranes in the genital region, getting a wax literally strips away that layer of protection." Waxing can pull small pieces of skin off the body. This is usually minor and is not usual. Skin infections can also occur such as staph, folliculitis (infection of the hair follicles). Ingrown hairs are also quite common and can become infected.

Young children also get waxing treatment with children as young as eight receiving wax treatments such as eyebrows, legs and genital waxing. Such genital waxing on young girls has been called "virgin bikini" waxes, and is aimed at either reducing the girl's need for pubic hair removal in the future or stopping hair growth permanently with as few as five or six treatments as long as the child has never shaved before. The increase in demand for preteen waxing is being met by spas, with some 10,000 spas in offering services only for young girls and early teenagers in the United States of America alone. The International Spa Association has reported that 16% of teens who have had spa treatments have had waxing done. The association has not been able to give figures for younger children because it is illegal to survey them. 

Both parents and children say that young girls feel pressure from television shows and other children to look pretty and sexy and say that peer pressure, magazines, pop stars like Britney Spears and TV shows like Miley Cyrus' Hannah Montana increase children's demands to have spa treatments such as waxing, microdermabrasion and chemical peels. Such pressure has been reported to cause intense stress and emotional problems in young girls. The opinions of boys about girl's beauty is also a pressure to look their best with reports of boys rating girls on a scale of 1 to 10 at school.

Dr. Diane Levin, professor of education at Wheelock College in Boston and co-author of the book "So Sexy So Soon: The New Sexualized Childhood and What Parents Can Do to Protect Their Kids" (a book critical of the sexualization of children), believes child waxing to be bad because it tells girls to “keep your bodies like little girls’ because that’s what men like.” This is backed up with surveys that show that 93% of men want women to, at least, remove some hair from their pubic area. Dr. Doris Pastor, a pediatrician, feels that the problem is not whether young children get wax treatments but that such events might encourage young children and preteens to take part in risky behaviour. Pubic hair waxing of children has caused concern with doctors. Dr. Janice Hillman, of the Penn Health System, a specialist in adolescent medicine, when checking for pubic hair on young girls as a sign of development has said she often has to ask the girls if they wax because it has become so common.

Concern has also been raised by the cost of such treatments, making regular waxing often only available to children with well paid parents, leaving girls from poorer families unable to compete for beauty and so being made fun off by those who can afford them.


Vinoba Bhave

Vinoba Bhave (1895-1982), was a philosopher and revolutionist of India. Often called Acharya (Sanskrit for teacher). He was a pupil of Mahatma Gandhi (1869~ 1948), who was called "Mahatma", meaning a great sage. Vinoba Bhave also lived following the doctrine of ahimsa, which means nonviolence. His ideas were also influenced by his grandfather, father, and mother. His grandfather taught him about the purity of spirit. His father, who was yoga ascetic, taught him how to think scientifically. His mother taught him what faith is. He got the Bharat Ratna award by Indian government in 1983. The Gita has also been translated into Marathi language by him with the name as Geetai means mother Geeta.[2]

There are a lot of accomplishments he made. The most famous thing is "Budan", which is an idea of sharing lands with the poor. He argued that land is not something that can be occupied. He insisted that land owners should donate their one sixth of their land to people who do not have land. He campaigned to give rice to hungry people. And he also did a campaign of self-supporting and self-sufficient. These worked successfully and he became a great man of India.

Cheongsam

Cheongsam (长衫) is typical, traditional clothing for Chinese women. Also known as Qipao (Ch'ipau).

A cheongsam usually has two long slits at either side of the hem for convenient movement and display of the legs. Unlike a short skirt, the slits of cheongsam show a woman's legs when she walks.

A more formal description is: a longer, figure-fitting, one piece garment with a standing collar, an asymmetric left-over-right opening (youren) and two side slits. 

The modern Cheongsam was developed in Shanghai in the 1920s. Several alterations have been made to the design. It was popular in China from the 1920s to 1940s, as many noble and high-class women wore it. Although the cheongsam is thought to be traditional Chinese clothing, it is modern. 
The traditional Qipao evolved from Manchu women's Changpao during the Qing Dynasty. 

Kikuyu

Kikuyu is the largest tribe in Kenya. They are 22% of Kenya's population and are of Bantu ethnicity.

There are two theories explaining where the Kikuyu came from. First, it is believed the Kikuyus came from Central Africa, where all the Bantus once lived. They then moved south towards present day Tanzania where the migrating group separated again and the Kikuyus moved towards Mount Kenya, where they settled. The second theory is that they came from a mythical place called Shungwaya, which is present day Somalia.

According to Kikuyu creation stories, Ngai (their God) made a man, called Gikuyu, and his wife, Mumbi, and settled them on Mount Kenya. Gikuyu and Mumbi had nine daughters who form the major groups of the Kikuyu people. Due to the fertile soil on Mount Kenya and the hard work of the Kikuyu people, they grew more than they needed and started trading with their neighbours, the Maasai (a Nilotic tribe). The Kikuyus swapped their farm produce and crops for the animal products from the Maasai, who kept livestock. It is also believed that the Maasai are the ones who married the nine daughters of Gikuyu and Mumbi.

Members of the Kikuyu tribe speak the Kikuyu language. The Kikuyu greeting is "Wi mwega?" which means "Are you fine?". There are a few Kikuyu dialects depending on region. Kikuyus from Nyeri, for instance, have other forms of greeting including: "Wakia Maitu" greeting an elderly female, "Wakia Awa" greeting an elderly male, and "Wanyua" for agemates.

The Kikuyu language is also similar to other languages like Meru, Mbeere, and Embu which are believed to have been once part of the Kikuyu tribe but moved away and formed their own tribes. Even though English and Kiswahili are the main languages spoken in Kenya across tribes, the Kikuyu language is still spoken a lot today as a sense of cultural pride.

Famous people from this tribe include: Jomo Kenyatta (the first president of the republic of Kenya), Mwai Kibaki (the third president of Kenya), Uhuru Kenyatta (the fifth president of the republic of kenya and the son of Jomo) and Wangari Maathai (the first African female Nobel Peace Prize winner and environmental activist)


Incheon International Airport

Incheon International Airport is the largest international airport in South Korea where all international flights leave and arrive every day. Gimpo Airport located near city Seoul used to be the international airport for Korea. However as the population grew and needs for places to stay increased in the area, Gimpo Airport no longer could expand its capacity to meet the growing demands for international flights. To solve the problem, a construction plan for a new 24 hour airport was started in 1992. Incheon International Airport is in Incheon City Jung-gu Unseo-dong (37°27′5″N, 126°26′4″E). Incheon International Airport Railroad (A'REX) and Incheon International Airport Highway were built to join the airport to Seoul. The airport is operated by Incheon International Airport Corporation (IIAC) and it is owned by the government of South Korea.

Incheon International Airport has passenger facilities (main passenger terminal, passenger concourse A), cargo terminal complex (A, B, C terminal), and operation facilities (control tower, runways, and meteorological facilities). 



Lao language

Lao or Laotian is a language and is the official language of Laos. It is also spoken in the northeast part of Thailand. Lao, like the other languages of Laos, is written in an abugida writing system. The languages has variations, but the Vientiane dialect is considered the standard written form of Lao.

Lao and Thai are both Tai languages and are very similar to each other. In fact, speakers of northern Thai dialects and Lao claim that they can largely understand each other, making the dialects mutually intelligible.

Lao is one of the Tai languages, spoken in what is now northern Vietnam and southern China. Mongol invaders and expansion in China pushed the Tai people south towards India. Their language was influenced by other languages in the region like the Mon-Khmer and the Austronesian languages. The written form of Lao originally came from the Pali language in India. The script form was brought to the region by Buddhists about two thousand years ago.

Lao script is based on the Khmer script and is very similar to Thai script. However, the writing system was simplified several times, both during the French rule and the communist rule, to make it easier for native Lao speakers to read aloud written Lao. 

Lao has mainly native Lao words. Because of Buddhism, however, it has been influenced by other languages that contributed mostly religious terms. Lao has influenced Khmer and Thai and . The writing has many foreign loanwords, very similar to how Latin and Greek have influenced other European languages. 

For politeness, pronouns (and more formal pronouns) are used, as well as ending statements with ແດ່ (dè ) or ເດີ້ (deu ). Negative statements are made more polite by ending with ດອກ (dok ). The following are formal register examples.


Sukiyaki

Sukiyaki is a very popular one-pot meal in Japan. The main ingredient (or stuff) is thin sliced beef, and it is simmered in a skillet or pan in the sukiyaki sauce with many vegetables and other ingredients. The word "yaki" means "sautee" or "grill" in Japanese. The word is used because the beef in sukiyaki is sauteed in the hot skillet.

In Japan, because of religious beliefs people were forbidden to eat beef, venison, horse, mutton and other meat from Asuka era to Meizi era. issue of religion. Cattle and horse were also work animals, therefore if people eat cattle and horse meat, people were punished. This custom was publicly decided by the then emperor on April 1, 675. But it is said that the real intention of this custom was to raise cultivation of rice product. This is a commandment (or rule) of Buddhism. But difficulty in making a living meant that people secretly ate boar and venison meat. Over time people ate beef secretly. 

The first sukiyaki store opened in Kyoto at the last days of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The Meiji emperor ate beef. He liked taste of sukiyaki. After that, the emperor lifted the ban on eating beef. People were allowed to eat beef publicly. In the west it is called “Sukiyaki”, in the east it is called “Gyunabe”. It is popular all over Japan. Sukiyaki’s contents do not change now. It is thinly sliced beef cooked in an iron pot, with bean curd, sliced onion, mushroom and other kinds of seasoning. Then the beef and vegetables are picked directly from the pan by chopstick and eaten by dipping them into a small bowl containing raw egg. Sukiyaki became symbol of cultural enlightenment. 

Each Japanese region has a preferred way of cooking sukiyaki. Japan can be divided into two regions. The big variation is between "Kansai" (western Japan) and "Kanto" (eastern Japan). In the Kanto (Tokyo) region, sukiyaki is based on "Gyunabe" that was in fashion in "Meiji" period. Before cooking sukiyaki, people prepare the soup stock mixing a seasonings (soy sauce, sugar, "sake" and "mirin") together. They then stew beef in it.

In the "Kansai" region, people grill meat in the pan greased with lard. After that, they put the other ingredients over these, and the liquid is poured into the pan. They do not grill meat and the ingredients that make the meat tough, and they do not grill the meat and watery vegetables at a same time. This is the" Kansai" style of cooking sukiyaki.
The border between the styles of cooking sukiyaki is becoming unclear. Some people say that the border between eastern and western is in Aichi. But recently, ready-made stock, pre-mixed with seasoning used to flavor sukiyaki is sold all over Japan, so the border is no longer clear.


Poplar DLR station

Poplar DLR station serves Poplar, London. It is a station on the Docklands Light Railway in Travelcard Zone 2. It is a served by four of the five routes of the DLR. Thus it is the busiest station on the network in terms of services.


Shawm

The shawm was a musical instrument of the woodwind family that was played in Europe during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. The modern oboe was developed from the shawm. Like the modern oboe, the shawm was played by blowing into a double reed. It was usually made from one piece of wood, with a flare at the end (like a trumpet). It sounded very loud, and was mostly used outdoors.

In German the shawm is called "Schalmei" or "Pommer". The first word may have come from the Latin word "calamus" meaning "reed or stalk". There were many kinds of shawm over the centuries in Europe and they had a variety of names. There were also several different sizes.

Westferry DLR station

Westferry DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR), in the Limehouse district of east London. The station is in Travelcard Zone 2. To the west is Limehouse station, whilst to the east the DLR splits, with one branch going to Poplar station and the other to West India Quay station

The DLR station was built midway between the site of the old Limehouse and West India Docks stations on the disused London and Blackwall Railway. Limehouse Police Station is nearby, as is St Anne's Church, built by Nicholas Hawksmoor and boasting London's tallest church clock tower.


Limehouse station

Limehouse station is a railway station in Limehouse district of east London. The station is in Travelcard Zone 2. It is served by Docklands Light Railway (DLR) services and by National Rail services. The National Rail services are operated by c2c out of Fenchurch Street station. On the c2c route, Limehouse is between Fenchurch Street and West Ham stations. On the Docklands Light Railway, Limehouse is between Shadwell and Westferry stations.

The station was opened on 3 August 1840 as part of the London and Blackwall Railway. The area used to be known as Ratcliffe, whilst the station has been previously known as Stepney, Stepney Junction and later Stepney East station. Another station some distance to the east on the London and Blackwall Railway, open between 1840 and 1926, had previously been called Limehouse.

The current Limehouse station is to the west of Limehouse Basin, a marina and residential complex, and the Regent's Canal. Nearby is the north end of the Rotherhithe Tunnel, and the western end of the Limehouse Link tunnel. The station holds Secure Stations Scheme accreditation.

According to train operators c2c, "Limehouse is a bustling commuter station in the rush hour with passengers changing onto the Docklands Light Railway. At quieter times of day, it's an ideal stop-off point for Limehouse Basin and Thames-side walks through London's Docklands".

Notes


Ripley, Derbyshire

Ripley is a town in the English county of Derbyshire.

Ripley existed in 1086 when it was held by a man called Levenot. In 1251 Henry III said there could be a weekly market here and two annual fairs. In 1291 there were "two water-mills with fish ponds" in Ripley.

The Ripley area has been industrialized since the late 18th century.

One of the earliest companies to take advantage of mineral resources around Ripley was Butterley Engineering, which started in 1790. One of the early, and most well known, examples of the work of the company includes the graceful arched roof of St. Pancras Station in London, recently restored as an international rail terminal. A recent Butterley achievement was the design and construction of the Falkirk Wheel which lifts large canal boats.



Shadwell DLR station

Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the termini of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east. It stands on a viaduct shared with National Rail trains (on the c2c line to Essex), with a single island platform accessed by stairs and a passenger lift (via the entrance on Watney Street). It opened on 31 August 1987 as part of the first tranche of DLR stations. The 1991 Bank extension joins the main DLR line just west of Shadwell.


Wide receiver

A wide receiver (or WR, wideout) is an American football player whose main duty is to catch the football when it is thrown by the quarterback.

Wide receivers may also block, run with the football and sometimes throw the football besides just catching it. They can wear jersey numbers 10-19 and 80-89 in the National Football League, but there are no limits in college football.

Offensive linemen

Offensive linemen (also OL) are American football players who defend the quarterback or running backs by blocking defensive players.

OL are separated from 4 positions.



Purus River

The Rio Purus is a river in Brazil, in the state of Amazonas.

Madeira River

The Madeira River (Portugese: "Rio Madeira") is a river in Brazil. It is also a tributary which flows in Bolivia.


Putumayo River

The Içá or Putumayo is one of the tributaries of the Amazon River. It makes the border between Colombia and Ecuador, and most of the border between Colombia and Peru.

Albert Jacka

Albert Jacka VC, MC & Bar (10 January 1893 – 17 January 1932) was given the Victoria Cross, the highest medal for valour "in the face of the enemy" that can be given to members of the British and Commonwealth armed forces. Jacka was the first Australian to win the VC during the First World War, receiving the medal for his actions during the Gallipoli Campaign. After Gallipoli he was sent to the Western Front where he again was given medals for his bravery.

After the war, Jacka went back to Australia and started a business, "Roxburgh, Jacka & Co. Pty Ltd", importing and exporting electrical goods. He was later elected to the local council, and became the mayor of St Kilda, Victoria. Jacka never fully recovered from the many wounds he got in the war and died at the age of 39.

Albert Jacka was born on a dairy farm at Layard, near Winchelsea, Victoria on 10 January 1893. His parents were Nathaniel Jacka and his English wife, Elizabeth Kettle. The family moved to Wedderburn, Victoria when he was five years old, where he went the local school. He began working with his father transporting goods. He was working for the Victorian State Forests Department when the First World War broke out.

He joined the AIF, the Australian Imperial Force, on 18 September 1914. His battalion was sent to Cairo Egypt for training. They landed at Gallipoli on 26 April, 1915, the second day of the Gallipoli campaign. On 19 May the Turkish army started a large attack to push the ANZACs back into the sea. The Turks were able to capture a small section of a trench at Courtney's Post. Jacka jumped into the trench by himself and killed most of the Turkish soldiers in it. For this he was awarded the Victoria Cross.

Vaupés River

The Rio Uaupes is a river in Colombia. It forms part of the border between Colombia and Brazil. In Brazil it joins the Papurí River. Both rivers are then called the Uaupés.

Yoruba people

Yoruba is an ethnic group of people living in Africa. They live on the west coast of Africa, mostly they are one of the major tribes in Nigeria and Ghana.

Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School

The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School (also known as PA Cyber) is an online school, made as an alternative to regular schooling. It recently changed its name from the Western Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School.

Students from Pennsylvania in grades Prekindergarten-12 can attend PA Cyber for free. Students can have classes that are self-paced and classes that are "virtual" where the student participates in a "online classroom".


Ladakhis

Ladakhis, or Ladakspa (ལ་དྭགས་པ།) are a Tibetic ethnic group living in India, China and Pakistan. They speak Ladakhi, which is a Ladakhi-Balti language of the Sino-Tibetan language family. They primarily live in the Ladakh region of India, Tibet in China and Baltistan in Pakistan. Most Ladakhis follow Tibetan Buddhism with many also following Shia Islam.

International Union for Conservation of Nature

The International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) is an international organization set up to protect plants, animals and habitats. It was first called the "World Conservation Union." It was started in 1948, with its main office in Gland, Switzerland. The IUCN brings together 83 states, 108 government agencies, 766 Non-governmental organizations and 81 international organizations and about 10,000 experts and scientists from countries around the world.

IUCN's purpose is to influence, encourage and assist countries around the world to conserve the quality and diversity of nature. It also has to make sure that any use of natural resources is fair and sustainable without harming the earth.

The first Director General of UNESCO, (Sir Julian Huxley) wanted to give UNESCO a more scientific base. He set up a meeting to start a new organisation to protect nature.

At the first meeting at Fontainebleau, France, on 5 October, 1948, 18 governments, seven international organisations, and 107 national nature conservation organisations agreed to form the International Union for the Protection of Nature.

From the start the most important task has been to explore and develop arrangements that can allow development as well as helping people and nations to better preserve their flora and fauna. The ICUN has always argued that needs of local communities, people and nations have to be the main part of a conservation plan. Areas needing protection and threatened species would be best protected:

The IUCN now has offices in many of the nations around the world. It is able to provide the services of a large group of mainly voluntary specialists, providing local level advice and conservation services.



Street dance

Street dance is term applied to dances that were invented by the general public in the 1970’s and later in (largely African-related) urban cultures. The term itself comes from the fact that the dances were made in urbanised cities. There are no rules to “street dance” as improvisation and freestyle is emphasized. It is hard to define, but it is basically freely expressing music with one’s body.

There are many different genres of street dance. It is often divided into old school and new school, with 1984 as the dividing year (due to technological effects on the world's cities and youth cultures). In the old school section, there are categories like tap, locking, popping, and break dancing. In new school, there is hip hop, house, and techno. There are lots of famous dance moves such as:




Red-collared lorikeet

The red-collared lorikeet ("Trichoglossus rubritorquis") is a species of lorikeet. It was a subspecies of the rainbow lorikeet, but now they are regarded as separate species. The bird is found living in northern Australia.

The red-collared lorikeet is found in Northern Australia, as far west as Broome, Western Australia, right through the Kimberley region, across the top of the Northern Territory to the bottom of the Cape York Peninsula.

It is about long with brightly colored feathers. It is the largest of the Australian lorikeets. The head and the face are blue, and it has an orange to red chest which narrows to a thin colored band around the neck, like a collar. Its wings and tail are green, with some yellow tips on the feathers. The feathers on its abdomen are dark blue to black. It has a red beak, and grey to brown legs and feet. The female is the same as the male but smaller. They can live up to 15 years.

The bird is nomadic and moves about in large flocks. They feed on eucalyptus flowers, as well as nectar from other flowering plants such as grevilleas, and seeds from grass trees. It is described as being a restless and noisy bird, making a shrill shrieking noise when flying. 

It builds nests in hollows in eucalyptus trees, usually near a creek. They lay two dull white eggs in the breeding season from August and January or March to June or May to December.


Lee Yunjeong

Lee Yun-jeong (b. December 20, 1976) is a South Korean singer and stylist. In 1995, She debuted in the musical world as a singer in Pippi-band, a three person singing group. In 2001, after her second solo album "Six sense", she ended her singing career. After singing, She studied fashion design at Central Saint Martins College. After that, she had been active as a stylist for many Korean singer. These include Lee Hyori, Clazziquai, Leessang, Jaurim and Se7en. Lee Yun-jeong was also a stylist at the 2007 Mnet Korean Music Festival (MKMF). She created the design for the opening stage from clothes to props. She has appeared as a coordinator and stylist at M.net's television program "Trend Repot Feel". 

In 2008, she made EE, an arts performance team. The team uses music, art, fashion and dance in its performance. The name of the team, EE, symbolizes many acronyms beginning with the letter E such as Eternity, 'Entertainment and Everybody. EE was created in an effort to perform all the genres available at the same time. Its first performance was named "Curiosity Kills".



Vacaville, California

Vacaville is a city in the U.S. state of California. It has many schools.

Hearts of Iron

Hearts of Iron (HOI) is a grand strategy real-time simulation game developed by Paradox Interactive in Sweden. 

Four series have been published:


In this game, the player has all military authority over their selected nation. World War II is the background of this game. So the player can select all nations that existed when WW2 occurred. The player’s goal is surviving in the historical flood of WW2 and conquering the world. In order to survive in the game, the player has to develop his/her nation’s technology level and organize the nation’s economy for war. And, because each political regime has different characteristics in the process of war, a political statement can be important too. However, because this game is a war game, the most important thing is making the army, navy, and air force, and controlling them to make your nation larger.

Cell biology

Cell biology is the study of how living cells work. This includes the structure and function of the cell organelles, and the carbon-based molecules which cells produce. Cell biology is an interdisciplinary subject, and uses ideas from genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology, immunology, and other subjects and techniques. 

The most important molecules in cell biology are DNA, RNA and proteins.

The most important structures in the cell are the nucleus and the chromosomes, but there are others. The structure of eukaryotic cells is much more complex than prokaryotic cells. This is because endosymbiosis has occurred: some or all of the eukaryote organelles are former prokaryotes. Examples are mitochondria and plastids.

The most important function of cells is to divide by mitosis or meiosis. Cells in a multicellular organism also specialise in different functions, and the different types may look quite to each other.


Lee Min-ho

Lee Min Ho () is a South Korean global actor, born on June 22nd, 1987 in Heukseok-dong, Seoul.

In a short span of his acting career, he became a most popular actor worldwide.

He made his debut in 2006 through an EBS TV drama "Secret Campus" and became popular across Asia in "Boys over flowers" (2009), then he gained fame in Europe with "City hunter" (2011) and also became popular in African continent with his drama "The King: Eternal Monarch" (2020).

He is the first Korean celebrity to have a wax figure made in his image at Madame Tussauds in 2013 and Grevin Museum Paris in 2018.








Pentaport Rock Festival

The Pentaport Rock Festival is a rock festival in South Korea. It is held each year in Incheon for three days in the last week of July. Bands from many genres of music perform.

The name of this festival comes from five philosophical themes of the festival: music, passion, the environment, DIY (Do it yourself), and friendship. The festival started in 2006 and has many well-known musicians perform. The 2006 festival had Jason Mraz and The Black Eyed Peas. In 2007, L'Arc-en-Ciel and Muse performed at the festival. Ellegarden and Travis played in 2008. In 2012 the headliners were Manic Street Preachers, Snow Patrol and Baekdoosan.

WJAC-TV

WJAC-TV is the local NBC channel in the Johnstown-Altoona-State College, Pennsylvania area. It is owned by Cox Enterprises, which also owns WPXI-TV in nearby Pittsburgh.

WJAC-TV first appeared on television on September 15, 1949. It was originally owned by Johnstown Automotive Company. It was originallly on channel 13 before moving to channel 6 in 1952. In the 1960s, Johnstown Automotive sold the television station to "The Tribune-Democrat". In 1997 it was sold to Sunrise Television, which later became part of Cox in 2000.


WPXI

WPXI (also known as WPXI-TV) is the NBC television station in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is owned by Cox Enterprises.

On September 1, 1957, WPXI first signed onto television as WIIC-TV.

Bill Cardille was the first to appear on this channel. Some of the first television shows to air on WIIC-TV included "Studio Wrestling" and "Chiller Theatre"

In 1964, the station was sold to current owner Cox Enterprises.

In 1981, the name was changed to WPXI-TV (Pittsburgh 11, with XI being the Roman numeral sign for 11). The WIIC is still used in Pittsburgh, but on a smaller and less known channel showing music videos.


Jacques-Louis David

Jacques-Louis David (30 August 1748 – 29 December 1825) was a politician and an artist who lived during the French Revolution. As a politician, he is most famous for being one of the handful of leaders that governed France during the most violent part of the French Revolution. David believed that France should not have a monarchy and instead it should be a Republic. He voted to have the King of France Louis XVI killed with the guillotine. When the French Revolution began to fail, David was happy that Napoleon Bonaparte became Emperor of France.

As a painter, Jacques-Louis David wanted artwork to be political. He often painted heroes from myths or history that he believed represented good ideals such as strength, brotherhood, and virtue. His paintings are very realistic and often portray heroes from Ancient Greece and Rome. This is called the Neoclassical style of painting. One of David's most famous paintings is of his best friend Jean-Paul Marat who was killed during the French Revolution. David's painting helped make Marat into a popular martyred hero.

He was also president of the National Convention from the 5th of January 1794, until the 20th. 


Popsicle

Popsicle is a popular brand of ice pop in the United States and Canada. It is made of colored, flavored ice on a wooden stick. The brand name includes more than 30 different versions of the snack.

The Popsicle was accidentally invented in 1905 by 11-year-old Frank Epperson. Epperson left a mixture of soda and a straw in a cup on his porch. That night San Francisco went through unusually low temperatures, and Epperson awoke the next morning to find a frozen pop that would eventually become a favorite American snack.

At first, Epperson named his frozen snack the "Epsicle", and it became popular with his school friends. In 1923, while running a lemonade stand at an amusement park in Oakland, California, Epperson realized that he could earn money from his invention. Epperson changed the name of his treat to "Popsicle", after his children always asked for "Pop’s ’sicle", and signed up for a patent. The patent for frozen ice on a stick was issued August 19, 1924.

Around 1925, Epperson sold the popsicle rights to the brand name Popsicle to the Joe Lowe Company in New York. By 1928, Epperson had earned royalties on more than 60 million Popsicle ice pops.


WGAL

WGAL NBC television channel in the Lancaster/Harrisburg/York (Susquehanna Valley) area. It can be viewed on channel 8. Its studios are located in Lancaster, PA.

WGAL-TV first appeared on television on March 18, 1949 on channel 4 as the fourth television station in Pennsylvania. It was owned by the Steinman family, owners of WGAL radio (1490 AM) and Lancaster's two major newspapers. At the time, Lancaster was the smallest city in the country with its own television station. On 31 December 1952 WGAL moved to its current location on channel 8. On January 1, 1954 WGAL showed its first color television program, the Tournament of Roses Parade. WGAL has always been an NBC television station, but also carried some programs from CBS, DuMont, and ABC until 1963. The Steinmans sold WGAL-TV to Pulitzer in late 1978. Pulitzer sold WGAL-TV to Hearst-Argyle Television in 1999. The change took place on March 18, the station's 50th anniversary.


Silvio Barbato

Silvio Sergio Bonaccorsi Barbato (born Candeias (Minas Gerais) (Brazil), 11 May 1959; died either in or over the mid-Atlantic Ocean, on the Air France Flight 447, 1 June 2009) was an Italian-Brazilian opera conductor and composer.

He studied conducting at the University of Brasília and composition in Milan. He started his conducting career when he was 25 with a performance of Puccini's opera "Tosca". He also helped to bring other operas to places in the middle of the Brazilian rainforest. He directed the music in a film about the Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos called "Uma Vida di Paixao" ("A Life of Passion"). In Rio de Janeiro he conducted operas which included world-famous singers such as Montserrat Caballé, Robert Alagna and Angela Gheorghiu. He also conducted choral works such as Berlioz's "L'enfant du Christ".

Barbato was travelling to Kiev where he was due to conduct and teach. He was on board an Air France aeroplane flying from Rio de Janeiro to Paris early on 1 June 2009 when it mysteriously crashed over the Atlantic Ocean.


Travelcard Zone 4

Travelcard Zone 4 is the fourth outward zone of Transport for London's zonal system. The zonal system used for calculating co-ordinated inter-modal Travelcard fares within London. In the Travelcard zonal system, London is split into nine approximately concentric zones for the purpose of determining the cost of a Travelcard. The zone is also used for pricing London Underground and Docklands Light Railway single journeys, but not journeys undertaken entirely by bus or tram, for which a city-wide flat fare applies.

Sexual fetishism

Sexual fetishism (also "erotic fetishism" or "fetish") is sexual arousal caused by an object or body part that is not normally thought of as sexual. The term was made in the late 1800s by Alfred Binet.

Examples of common or well-known fetishes include feet and footwear (shoes, socks), rubber, bondage, furry or cross-dressing.

Partialism is a type of sexual fetishism where the sexual want of a body part is more than the sexual want of the person who has the body part. Martin Kafka states that partialism is not exactly the same as fetishism, although common use does not agree.

Mark Martin

Mark Anthony Martin (born January 9, 1959) is a retired NASCAR driver. Martin is often called the best driver to never have won a Sprint cup championship. Martin won five International Race of Champions (IROC) series championships. Mark Martin has driven for Roush Fenway Racing, Earnhardt Ganassi Racing, Hendrick Motorsports and Michael Waltrip Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup series.

Hendrick Motorsports

Hendrick Motorsports is a race team in NASCAR owned by Rick Hendrick. Chase Elliott, William Byron, Kyle Larson, and Alex Bowman all drive for this team. Hendrick Motorsports has won 10 Monster Energy MASCAR Cup Series championships.

Roush Fenway Racing

Roush Fenway Racing is a NASCAR team owned by Jack Roush and John W. Henry. This team owns race cars that race in the NASCAR Sprint Cup, Nationwide Series, Camping World Truck Series, and the ARCA RE/MAX Series. Roush Fenway Racing has won two Sprint Cup championships with Kurt Busch and Matt Kenseth.

Jack Roush

Jack Roush (born April 19, 1942) is the co-owner of Roush Fenway Racing with his partner John W. Henry. Roush's race team has won two NASCAR Sprint Cup Championships with Kurt Busch and Matt Kenseth. During his whole career in NASCAR Jack's race team has 260 NASCAR wins, 168 poles, 1,104 top-five and 1,838 top-10 finishes

John W. Henry

John William Henry II (born September 13, 1949) is an American businessman. He is the owner of the Boston Red Sox and Roush Fenway Racing. He is also the owner of the association football team Liverpool F.C. of the Premier League. He is one of the 50 richest people in Boston.

Photo booth

A photo booth is a vending machine that takes instant photos. After you pay, usually in coins, a computer-based screen and often a recorded voice will tell you when the picture will be taken, how many shots will be taken and when the photo is developed.

Anatol Josepho invented the first self-automated photo booth in 1925. Photo booths began as black and white, film-based machines to fully coloured, digitalised machines.

There are many types of photo booths today that offer different sizes and kinds of photos such as passport photos and photos for identification. Also, some photo booths give you a number of tools you can use to create different features for your photos. Sticker photos are a good example. Sticker photos are instant photos printed on sticker-based material. After you take your picture, you can change backgrounds the tone or the color of the photo and insert letters and symbols. Invented in Japan, photo sticker booths are especially popular in Asian countries among teens and grown-ups alike.

Nowadays, the term "photo booth" also refers to Apple's photography program that features editing tool such as black-and-white, pencil and comic book.

Busan International Film Festival

The Busan International Film Festival (BIFF, previously Pusan International Film Festival, PIFF), is one of the biggest movie festivals that is held in Busan, South Korea. It has been held every year since 1996. Although the name of Pusan changed to Busan, the festival committee decided to keep the name for the PIFF's authority. Every year, millions of people participate in this festival. They do this because many movie stars come to the festival. It is also the first international movie festival in Korea. PIFF promotes the culture and art of Busan internationally. It also helps Korean movies be known to the world movie market, and finds talented movie directors.

Oscar Peterson

Oscar Emmanuel Peterson (August 15, 1925 – December 23, 2007) was a Canadian jazz pianist. Peterson won eight Grammy Awards and was put into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1978. His career lasted for more than 65 years.

He was born in Montreal, where his father taught him to play the piano. While at high school he had lessons with a Hungarian classical pianist, Paul de Marky. 


Wonder Girls

The Wonder Girls was a South Korean girl group. The Wonder Girls debuted on February 10th, 2007 on Show! Music Core, singing "Irony", the single from their debut mini-album, "The Wonder Begins". The mini-album went on to become a minor hit, selling 11,454 copies in 2007. The main producer was Jin-young Park, the leader of JYP Entertainment. Wonder Girls is the first female group from JYP Entertainment since it was established. Each of the five original members were selected through auditions.
The members are Yubin, Yeeun, Sunye, Hyerim and Sohee. Former member Kim Hyuna left in June 2007 due to health problems, and Sun Mi left in January 2010 to pursue her education. Now Sun Ye has left and Sun Mi Has rejoined.

Sohee has become a successful actress after leaving Wonder Girls.

In 2017, Yeeun and Sunmi left JYP Entertainment, resulting in the group's disbandment.


All About Lily Chou-Chou

All About Lily Chou-Chou is a Japanese movie made in 2001. The theme of this movie is Ijime(bullying). With this material, Shunji Iwai, the director, tried to describe teenagers’ sensibility and anguishes. In the movie, there is violence, bullying, rapes, suicide, murder, sympathy, confusion, and music. The entire mood is dark. Although Iwai chose this movie as his best for now and his style is well reflected, it can be hard for audiences to truly sympathize with the movie because it is lacking consideration of general audiences.

In the movie, a boy named Yuichi Hasumi loves Lily Chou-Chou’s songs. Lily Chou-Chou is an imaginary singer who plays an odd music in this movie, and her fans communicate with each other through internet site named ‘Lily-holic.’ Another fan of Lily Chou-Chou, Shusuke Hoshino, once a friend of Yuichi, was a quiet and sincere student. However, during a trip to Okiwana, he experienced some traumatic accidents related to death and his characteristics completely changes. He starts to torment other students including Yuichi. Yuichi wants to stop him but he doesn’t know how to do so and he cannot help assisting Hoshino’s misdeeds. The only solace Yuichi can find is Lily Chou-Chou’s songs.

John Barbirolli

Sir John Barbirolli CH, (born London, 2 December, 1899 ; died London 29 July 1970), was a English conductor and cellist. Barbirolli was particularly remembered as the conductor of the Hallé Orchestra, Manchester, which he conducted for nearly thirty years, turning it into a world famous orchestra. He was conductor of other great orchestras including the New York Philharmonic and the Houston Symphony, and also conducted orchestras including the London Symphony Orchestra, the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic, and the Vienna Philharmonic. He often played the music of English composers such as Edward Elgar and Ralph Vaughan Williams.

Barbirolli was born into a musical family. His father and grandfather had come from Italy and moved to London. His mother was French. His father and uncle were violinists.

Barbirolli won a scholarship to study at Trinity College of Music, and later studied at the Royal Academy of Music. In 1916 he joined the Queen’s Hall Orchestra where he was the youngest member. The next year he gave his first solo recital. He spent two years in the army where he got conducting experience with a voluntary orchestra. In 1919 he was again playing in orchestras and twice appeared as soloist with the Bournemouth Municipal Orchestra.

Between 1929 and 1933 he conducted opera at Covent Garden. From 1933 to 1936 he conducted the Scottish Orchestra in Glasgow.

In 1927 he took over a concert that Thomas Beecham would have conducted with the London Symphony Orchestra. He conducted other English orchestras including the Hallé Orchestra and was becoming very well known. He could learn music very quickly. In the 1930s he made many recordings with the London Symphony Orchestra and London Philharmonic, accompanying concertos with famous soloists such as Fritz Kreisler, Jascha Heifetz and Arthur Rubinstein.

In 1937 Barbirolli was invited to take over from Arturo Toscanini as conductor of the New York Philharmonic. To follow such a great conductor was a very great honour. He conducted there for five years with great success, although there were some critics who supported Toscanini and were always criticizing Barbirolli. It was a difficult time for him as a new orchestra had just been formed in New York, the NBC Symphony Orchestra which was conducted by Toscanini and they paid their musicians more money. When he was invited, in 1942, to stay on with the New York Philharmonic he decided not to, partly because he would have to become a US citizen.

The Hallé Orchestra, based in Manchester, England, had been famous under the conductor Hamilton Harty. However, in recent years they had been sharing half their players with the BBC. This had saved the orchestra in the difficult years when the economy was bad and during the early war years, but the orchestra was not as good as it had been. Barbirolli was invited to become the conductor of the orchestra, so he moved back to England in 1943.

The first thing he had to do was to rebuild the orchestra. It had not had a permanent conductor since 1933 when Hamilton Harty left. Only four of the shared players with the BBC chose to join the Hallé in Manchester, so Barbirolli auditioned many musicians. The “new Hallé” made several recordings including symphonies by Arnold Bax and Vaughan Williams.

Barbirolli conducted the orchestra for 25 years. In 1958 he became “conductor-in-chief”, so that he could share the work with others. In 1968 he was given the title “conductor laureate” for the rest of his life.

As well as his work with the Hallé he conducted the BBC Symphony Orchestra and other London orchestras, and made many recordings. From 1961 to 1967 he was also principal conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra in Texas. He was also made guest conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic.

During his last years he had serious health problems His last two concerts were held in the St Nicholas Chapel, King's Lynn, as part of its 1970 Festival. Although he collapsed during the Friday afternoon, he managed to conduct Elgar's "Symphony No 1" and "Sea Pictures". The last piece he conducted was Beethoven's "Symphony No 7" on the Saturday before his death.

Barbirolli is remembered for his great interpretations of Romantic music and of early 20th century English music. He was not interested in very modern music although he did conduct Benjamin Britten’s "Violin Concerto" and "Sinfonia da Requiem" in New York. He is remembered for his performances of Elgar, Ralph Vaughan Williams and Gustav Mahler, as well as Franz Schubert, Beethoven, Jean Sibelius, Giuseppe Verdi and Giacomo Puccini. Vaughan Williams gave him the nickname “Glorious John”. He was a great supporter and friend of the great cellist Jacqueline du Pré.

He was knighted in 1949 and made a Companion of Honour in 1969.

His first marriage was to singer Marjorie Parry. His second marriage from 1939 to his death was to the British oboist Evelyn Rothwell who died at the age of 97 in January 2008.

Byzantium (color)

Byzantium is a color that is a dark shade of purple.

The first recorded use of "Byzantium" as a color name in English was in 1926. 



John Galliano

John Galliano, also known as Juan Carlos Antonio Galliano-Guillén (born on November 28, 1960 in Gibraltar) is a world-renowned British fashion designer. After studying design at St. Martin's School of Art in London, he sold his French Revolution-inspired graduation collection to a London retailer shop. He launched his own line in 1984. From 1995 to 1996 he designed haute couture and ready-to-wear at the House of Givenchy. In 1996, he was appointed creative director of Christian Dior. Being in charge of Dior and his own label, he designs for six collections a year plus a mid-season line under his label "G Galliano". In 2001 Galliano was made a Commander of the British Empire. In March 2011 he was sacked from Dior because anti-semitic remarks which he made appeared on the internet, and were being investigated by the police in Paris.

Galliano's historically influenced designs are an adaptation of traditional styles into highly contemporary pieces. His shows are theatrical and his runway tableau are often likened to performance art. Thirties-influenced chiffon cut on the bias is among Galliano's signatures, as are imaginative hats. He is known for his end-of-show looks, where he stuns his audience with eccentric, avant-garde appearances in continuance with the show's inspiration.

Galliano also owns other product lines like eyewear, fragrances, jeans, lingerie and shoes. Since 2004, Galliano has collaborated with Diptyque, creating scented candles.

Galliano is openly gay.


Sasuke Uchiha

Sasuke Uchiha is a fictional character from the manga series Naruto, which depicts a world of ninjas. He is an important character in the manga due to the fact that the story basically revolves around Naruto, the main character, and Sasuke, Naruto's rival. Sasuke is a very popular character, there have been many polls that prove this. Merchandise based on Sasuke has also been released, ranging widely from action figures to plush dolls and even to his ninja equipment. Sasuke has also appeared in Naruto related video games and OVAs.

Sasuke is a member of the Uchiha Clan, one of the strongest clans of the village of Konoha (Also known as the hidden leaf village). When Sasuke was a little boy, he saw his older brother kill their parents. Itachi Uchiha, Sasuke’s older brother, told Sasuke that he also killed all of the other clan members to see if he was a strong ninja but that he will save Sasuke’s life because it was not even worth killing. From then on, Sasuke lived a lonely life full of hatred and destined to walk a path of an “Avatar of Revenge” and kill his brother. However, these feelings seemed to be alleviated when he befriended Naruto Uzumaki after graduating Ninja Academy. As they were working together in a team as “Genin" (which means rookie ninja), Naruto showed him what friendship and companionship were.

This ended with Sasuke's encounter with his brother. After battling Itachi, Sasuke realized that he lacked both the strength and intelligence to kill him. Later Sasuke leaves Naruto and Konoha to go to Orochimaru, one of the main antagonists of the series, to learn advanced ninja techniques and to be trained as a stronger ninja. Through mastering “Level Two of the Cursed Seal,” a restricted ninja technique, Sasuke obtains extraordinary power, thanks to is former master. Eventually, Sasuke defeats and kills his older brother only to find out that the order to massacre the Uchiha Clan was made by the elders of Konoha because the clan was destroying the peace of the entire village. However, Itachi could not kill his little brother because he loved Sasuke too much. In order for Sasuke to become able to protect himself, Itachi told Sasuke to live a life of anger and revenge which would stimulate Sasuke’s progress and allow him to become a strong ninja. After hearing about his brother, Sasuke turns his anger toward Konoha and decides to destroy the village.

Naruto is a weekly cartoon and has not ended even to this day. The adventures of Sasuke continue. The story now focuses on the reunion of the two rivals, Naruto and Sasuke. The two friends' goals conflict in that Naruto wants to protect Konoha, whereas, Sasuke plans to destroy it.


Exclusive economic zone

Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) is an area in the ocean where only one country gets the right and do economic activity, such as mining underwater resources and fishing. In the case of islands far from the mainland, EEZ starts at the coasts of the islands. Normally, EEZ goes out to 200 nautical miles (370 km), unless EEZs of two or more countries overlap. Many EEZs actually overlap; countries argue over where their outermost boundaries of EEZ should be. EEZ is prescribed by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS).

It is different from territorial waters in that ships and submarines from other countries can freely travel without any permission. However, this is under the condition that they are just passing by and not taking any resources. These zones were invented in the middle 20th century.


Amar Shonar Bangla

"Amar Shonar Bangla" (, , meaning "My Golden Bengal") is the national anthem of Bangladesh. It became of the country's national anthem in 1972, after gaining independence. the words of the song were written by Rabindranath Tagore in 1909, and the music was composed by Gagan Harkara in 1889. 

It was originally an ode to Bangamata (meaning "Mother Bengal"). The music is based on the melody of the folk song "Āmi Kōthāy Pabo Tarē". The modern instrumental rendition was arranged by Samar Das.

Only the first two stanzas are officially part of the anthem.


Shin Seung-hun

Shin Seung-hun is a South Korean singer. He was at the top in the 1990s in the Republic of Korea. He is remembered as the "Emperor of Ballads". He made his debut in 1990 with his first album. As soon as he released his first album, he went to the top of the Korean broadcasting music chart. His album became a million seller. And his first album had won Korea's main award, the Golden Disk Award. In 1991, he released his second album, "Invisible Love". Through this album he got his nickname, "Emperor of Ballads". With this album, he was at the top of the MBC music chart for eleven weeks, and the SBS music chart for fourteen weeks. That is in the Guinness Book of World Records. This album also won a Golden Disk Award.

His first seven albums were all million sellers. And his all formula album, all 10 albums, had won the main award or the greatest award in the Golden Disk Award. He is the singer who had been at the top the most times in Korea's 1990s. And he is also a composer. He composed all his albums' title songs, and he is the composer who composed the song which had been at the top the most times. And his accumulated album sales is fifteen million. He is still actively performing and working today.

Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation

Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) is a national television network in South Korea. "Munhwa" is the Korean word for "culture."

Travelcard Zone 1

Travelcard Zone 1 is the central zone of Transport for London's zonal system used for calculating co-ordinated inter-modal Travelcard fares within London. London is split into six (approximately concentric) zones for the purpose of determining the cost of London transport fares on the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway, but not journeys undertaken entirely by bus or tram, for which a city-wide flat fare applies.


Acton Town tube station

Acton Town is a London Underground station in Acton, west London, served by the Piccadilly and District lines. The station is at the junction of Gunnersbury Lane (A4000) and Bollo Lane and is in Travelcard Zone 3.




Aldgate tube station

Aldgate tube station is a London Underground station at Aldgate in the City of London.

The station is on the Circle Line between Tower Hill and Liverpool Street. It is also the eastern terminus of the Metropolitan line. It is in Travelcard Zone 1, and its ticket office is part-time only.

Platforms 1 and 4 at Aldgate are two of the only three platforms on the network to be served exclusively by the Circle Line (the other being Platform 2 at Gloucester Road). All other Circle Line platforms are shared by the District, Metropolitan and/or Hammersmith & City Lines.

Aldgate tube station is important in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes story "The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans".
In the story, Cadogan West is found dead on the tracks near the station. We later know that the body was placed on top of the train before its arrival at the station.


Travelcard Zone 2

Travelcard Zone 2 is the second most central zone of Transport for London's six (approximately concentric) zones system used for calculating co-ordinated inter-modal fares, and fares for London Underground and Docklands Light Railway single journeys. A flat fare applies for journeys entirely by bus or tram. 

Aldgate East tube station

Aldgate East is a London Underground station. It is between Aldgate and Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.

The station is in Travelcard Zone 1. It is on the Hammersmith & City Line between Liverpool Street and Whitechapel, and the District Line between Tower Hill and Whitechapel.




All Saints DLR station

All Saints DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in East London. It is named after the neaby All Saints, Poplar, a church dating from 1821-3. The station entrance is on the East India Dock Road, opposite Chrisp Street Market.



Travelcard Zone 3

Travelcard Zone 3 is the third-outward zone of Transport for London's zonal system used for calculating co-ordinated intermodal Travelcard fares within London. In the Travelcard zonal system, London is split into nine (approximately concentric) zones for the purpose of determining the cost of a Travelcard. The zone is also used for pricing London Underground and Docklands Light Railway single journeys, but not journeys undertaken entirely by bus or tram, for which a city-wide flat fare applies. 

Alperton tube station

Alperton is a London Underground station on the Uxbridge branch of the Piccadilly Line. The station is between Sudbury Town and Park Royal. It is on Ealing Road (A4089 road) a short distance from the junction with Bridgewater Road (A4005) and is close to Alperton Bus Garage and the Paddington branch of the Grand Union Canal. The station is in Travelcard Zone 4.

The typical off-peak service is a train in each direction every ten minutes. Half of northbound trains terminate at Rayners Lane and the other half continue to the terminus of the line at Uxbridge.



Angel tube station

Angel tube station is a London Underground station in The Angel, Islington. It is on the Bank branch of the Northern line, between Old Street and King's Cross St. Pancras stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.


Amersham station

Amersham station is a railway station serving Amersham in Buckinghamshire. It is in Travelcard Zone 9 (previously zone D). 

Amerhsam Station is a terminus of the Metropolitan Line branch of the London Underground. It is situated 23.7 miles (38.1 km) north west of Charing Cross and is the second most westerly station on the whole London Underground system, after Chesham

Amersham Station is also served by Chiltern Railways, which runs trains between London Marylebone and Aylesbury. From Aylesbury a shuttle service to Princes Risborough provides access to through services between Marylebone and Birmingham Snow Hill. The journey times to Central London range between 33 and 60 minutes.

Ticket barriers are in operation.



Travelcard Zone 5

Travelcard Zone 5 is the fifth outward zone of the Transport for London zonal system used for calculating co-ordinated inter-modal Travelcard fares within London. In this zonal system, London is split into six approximately concentric zones for the purpose of determining the cost of a Travelcard. The zones are also used for pricing London Underground and Docklands Light Railway single journeys, but not single journeys undertaken entirely by bus or tram, for which a city-wide flat fare applies. The zones are not usually used for calculating the cost of tickets on National Rail services, but do apply to Travelcards used for such services.

Teddy boy

A Teddy boy was a young man who dressed in a style popular in 1950s Britain. The word 'Teddy' comes from the clothes, which were a version of clothes from the Edwardian period, about 1910. That period is named after Edward VII (19011910).

Teddy boys relate to early rock and roll music. People often thought of them as rebels. The teddy boy also meant the first British culture of young people. For the first time, teenagers who were in a working class could buy clothes, a bicycle or motorcycle and entertainment. Teddyboys wore clothes that might shock older people. 

The style featured a long and jacket with one row of buttons and narrow pants, "brothel creeper" shoes with thick crepe soles and pencil-thin ties. Duck-tail hairstyles were the norm. The movement was working class, and rather dandyfied. It was quite short-lived, and gave way to the mods and rockers of the early 1960s.

Shinee

SHINee is a South Korean boy band formed by SM Entertainment The members are Onew, Jonghyun, Key, Minho, Taemin (order from oldest to youngest). The group's first album named “Replay-The first mini album” was released on the 22nd of May 2008, but the group officially debuted on the 25th of May 2008 with the song "Noonan neomu yeppeo (누난 너무 예뻐)", or better known as "Replay".



In late May 2008 news articles started to surface online about SM Entertainment's new group, SHINee (pronounced "shiny"). On May 23, the group's first mini-album, "Replay" was released. "Replay" debuted at #10 on the Korean music charts and peaked at #8, selling 17,957 copies in the first half of 2008.

On June 7, 2008, SHINee participated in the Dream Concert in the Seoul Olympic Stadium along with other high profile Korean stars such as Epik High, Girls' Generation, Super Junior, TVXQ and the Wonder Girls. The group won their first award, Rookie of the Month, at the Cyworld Digital Music Award on June 22, 2008. SHINee took part in SMTown Live '08, which was held on August 18, 2008. They performed alongside labelmates BoA, Cheon Sang Ji Hee the Grace, Girls' Generation, Super Junior and TVXQ. On August 23, 2008, SHINee attended MNet's 20's Choice Awards 2008, where they won the "Hot New Star" award. SHINee released their full debut album, "The SHINee World", on August 28, 2008. The album debuted on the charts at #3, selling 30,000 copies.
The first single released from the album was "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" (산소 같은 너 (Love Like Oxygen), lit. You Like Are Like Oxygen), a cover of "Show the World" by Martin Hoberg Hedegaard, originally written by the Danish songwriting and production team of Thomas Troelsen, Remee and Lucas Secon. On September 18, 2008, SHINee's "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" was the #1 song on "M! Countdown". A few days later, SHINee received the "Mutizen" award for the single on SBS's "Popular Songs". SHINee participated in the "5th Asia Song Festival", where they received the "Best New Artist" award with Japanese girl group Berryz Kobo.

SHINee attended the 2008 Style Icon Awards on October 30, 2008, where they won the "Best Style Icon Award". On the same day, they released "The SHINee World" as a repackaged album under the name "Amigo". Included on the album were three new songs: "Forever or Never", a remix of "Sa. Gye. Han (Love Should Go On)" (사.계.한) and the promotional single "A.Mi.Go (Amigo)" (아.미.고). "A.Mi.Go" is a shortened version of the Korean phrase "Areumdaun Minyeorueljoahamyeon Gosaenghanda" (아름다운 미녀를 좋아하면 고생한다 lit. Heart Aches When You Fall In Love With a Beauty).

On November 15, 2008 SHINee won the "Best Male Rookie" award at the 10th annual MNET KM Music Festival, beating fellow newcomers U-Kiss, 2PM, 2AM and Mighty Mouth. At the 23rd Annual Golden Disk Awards, they performed a medley of their songs, "Noonan Neomu Yeppeo (Replay)", "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" and "A.Mi.Go (Amigo)" and won the award for "YEPP Newcomer Album".

SM Entertainment announced that SHINee would make their comeback with their second mini album "Romeo" on May 21, 2009. On May 18, "Juliette", the first single was released; the song is instrumentally a remake of Corbin Bleu's "Deal With It". It was later announced that their comeback was going to be delayed due to Onew damaging his teeth and the release of the mini-album was pushed back to May 25. SHINee eventually had their return performance on June 5, 2009, on KBS's "Music Bank", where they received the award for first place.

The group released their third mini-album, titled "2009: Year of Us", on October 19, 5 months after the release of "Romeo". SM Entertainment stated that this EP would showcase the group's vocals and demonstrate their unique qualities. The lead single "Ring Ding Dong" was released digitally on October 14; the group had their comeback stage on October 16, on KBS's "Music Bank".

On July 19, 2010, the group released their second studio album, "Lucifer". It topped several charts in South Korea. The album was nominated for the Best Dance Performance Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album became the 6th best selling album of 2010 in South Korea. On December 26, 2010, the band began their first concert tour, SHINee World.

On January 1, 2016, SHINee released their fourth Japanese album "D×D×D". The album reached the top of the Oricon charts for 2 weeks in a row. To promote the album, they began their fourth Japanese tour that began on January 30, 2016, and ended on May 16, 2016. The tour had a total of 20 concerts in 9 cities. Toward the end of the year, SHINee released their fifth Korean album, "1 of 1," which charted #1 on the Korean Charts and #14 in the US. Their song, "Tell Me What to Do" (part of repackaging, "1 and 1") was #35 on YouTube's trending list.

On February 22, 2017, SHINee released their fifth Japanese album "Five". They began their fifth Japanese tour with a total of 25 concerts in 10 cities.

On the 10th of September, SHINee released their sixth album. Named the story of Light’ Epilogue containing songs from their previous three mini albums The story of Light’ Ep.1, Ep.2 and Ep.3.

After a two-year break, SHINee came back on the 22nd of February 2021 with their seventh album called "Don't call me". With songs such as Don't call me, Body Rhythm and Attention. 

On the 12th of April, SHINee released the album repackage of "Don't call me" named “Atlantis” with three new songs, “Atlantis”, “Area” and “Days and Years”.

SHINee has taken part in various other activities including TV advertisements, a reality show, Drama OST, and so on. They also did a reality show named ""Yun Ha Nam"" for women older than them. They were also the public representatives for the Korean Youth Federation and many others. SHINee also sang songs for TV drama OST, including ""Stand By Me"" for the famous Korean drama ""Boys Over Flowers"". They also featured in the second season of the reality show "Hello Baby".

It was announced that SHINee with be performing along side with Jay Park, B1A4, Teen Top and the much buzzed about new band 7.9.4.2 on 15 June 2012 at Singapore indoor stadium.


Baskin-Robbins

Baskin-Robbins is an international chain of ice cream parlors. It has franchises in more than 30 countries. Out of 5800 locations, 2800 are based in the United States. It was founded in 1953 by the merger of two separate ice cream ventures of Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins, who were brothers-in-law. Before the merger, the two separate ice cream ventures were called Burt’s Ice Cream Shop and Snowbird Ice Cream. Snowbird Ice cream had 21 flavors at the time, which was praised as novel and fresh.

After the two ventures were combined into Baskin-Robbins, which would later become a world-famous ice cream parlor, they pushed the slogan of "31 flavors." Baskin-Robbins was creative in its approach, introducing the sampling system—letting people taste the different flavors of ice cream with small, single-use pink plastic spoons until they find the flavor that they want. Also, Baskin-Robbins was the first to introduce the ice cream cake to the public.

The original flavors when Baskin-Robbins first opened in 1945 were:



Seasonal Flavors

Regional Flavors

Bright Choices

The Pink part has the 31 inside meaning there is 31 flavours.


Kurt Busch

Kurt Thomas Busch (born August 4, 1978) is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Race car driver from Las Vegas, Nevada. He drives the No. 1 Chevrolet for Chip Ganassi Racing. Busch has raced for Roush Fenway Racing, Penske Racing, Stewart-Haas Racing and Phoenix Racing. He has won one NASCAR Sprint Cup Championship, which he won in 2004. In 2014, Busch raced in the Indianapolis 500, where he finished in sixth place. The Indianapolis 500 was Kurt Busch's first try at racing in the IndyCar Series.

Strike zone

The strike zone is the area over home plate through which a pitch must pass to be called a strike, roughly between the batter's armpits and knees. The Strike Zone shall be determined from the batter's stance as the batter is prepared to swing at a pitched ball. The strike zone in baseball is a tricky subject as the strike zone changes with each batter. Accordingly, there is no "automatic" strike zone and much of what is a strike or not a strike is left to the judgement of the home plate umpire.

In short, the strike zone extends from the batters' knees to the letters across the front of his uniform. To be called a strike, the pitcher must throw the baseball across home plate, an area 17 inches wide (0.4318 meters), and between the knees and letters as indicated. In professional baseball, a player who stands 5' 6" tall (1.67 meters), for example, will have a much smaller strike zone that will a 6' 4" (1.93 meters) homerun hitter. Moreover, the focus is not on where the ball is caught by the catcher, but rather where the ball is as it passes the front of home plate.



Team Penske

Team Penske is a auto racing team the IndyCar Series and NASCAR. The team is owned by Roger Penske. Penske Racing has one Indy Racing League championship and several more in other forms of open wheel racing

Team Penske joined the IndyCar circuit in 1968 with driver Mark Donahue, who won the team's first race at Indianapolis in 1972. By the late 1980s, the team had become one of the highest rated in IndyCar, and hired drivers like Emerson Fittipaldi, Rick Mears, and Al Unser Jr. to name three. In the early 1990s, Penske won many races and has continued to be a force in the series ever since. In 2003, they switched to the Indy Racing League, now known as the IndyCar Series, and hired Sam Hornish Jr. and Gil de Ferran to drive. Both won championships. Even though Penske has not won a championship since 2006, the team is always one of the fastest in the series. In 2014, their drivers will be Juan Pablo Montoya who left NASCAR to move to open wheel racing, three time Indy 500 winner Hélio Castroneves, and top ranked Australian driver Will Power. The team's headquarters are in Mooresville, North Carolina.

Team Penske also runs a NASCAR team, which used to be called Penske Racing South until last year. Although this team has not been as successful as Penske's IndyCar program, it has had some big wins. Ryan Newman won the Daytona 500 for Penske in 2008 and Brad Keselowski won a Sprint Cup title while driving for the team in 2012. Keselowski will be joined by Joey Logano at the team in 2014.In 2018 Ryan Blaney joins in the 3rd car the 12. Joey Logano won the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Championship in 2018.

Penske was involved in Formula 1 in the 1970s, with John Watson as their most famous driver. Penske also had a highly successful sports car program in the 2000s. This team ran Porsche sports cars with great success. Their drivers included Timo Bernhard, Romain Dumas, and Sacha Maassen. Penske stopped running this team in 2009.

Chupa Chups

Chupa Chups is a Spanish confectionery brand which was started in 1958. Enric Bernat had the idea of caramel on a stick because many children ate a lot of caramels and this caused their hands to get dirty. The company had much success. 

Chupa Chups was sold outside of Spain in the 1970s. It now does business in over 150 countries. These include Russia, Japan, Germany, Mexico, Australia and the United States. 
Chupa Chups began with seven flavours. This number has grown since then.

The logo of the company is a daisy with the name of the company inside. It was an designed by Salvador Dalí in 1969. 

In July 2006, the company as a whole was acquired by the Italian-Dutch company Perfetti Van Melle.


BigBang (South Korean band)

BIGBANG (; ) is a South Korean boy band under the label YG Entertainment. The current members of the group are G-Dragon, Taeyang and Daesung. Former member Seungri left the group and the entertainment industry in 2019 and former member T.O.P left in 2023. Since their debut in 2006, they have become one of the most popular groups in Korea. BIGBANG has been praised numerous times for their musical talent. The group was planning a comeback in 2020 with a performance at the Coachella festival, however it was cancelled because of the Coronavirus.





Hélio Castroneves

Hélio Castroneves (born Hélio Castro Neves; May 10, 1975) is a Brazilian racecar driver. Until 2020, Castroneves raced for Team Penske in the IndyCar Series. He has won the Indy 500 four times. Castroneves won "Dancing with the Stars" in 2007 with his partner Julianne Hough. Castroneves drove for Team Penske since he entered the Indycar series in the late 1990s. Even though he has many race wins, Castroneves has never won an IndyCar Series championship. Castroneves lives in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Castroneves was born and raised in Brazil and was successful in karting there. He moved to Europe to keep racing and was a top driver in British Formula 3, which many racing experts say is a "stepping stone" to a career in a higher series such as F1 or IndyCar. He began racing in the United States in what was then the CART series in the late 1990s and struggled at first. However, in 2000, he got a big break when Team Penske signed him after Greg Moore, who the team originally wanted to drive for them, died in a racing accident in 1999. He joined the team in 2000 and has remained there ever since. In 2001, he won the Indianapolis 500, one of the most important events in the racing world. At the event, he famously climbed the protective fence at the side of the track. The following year he won again in a very controversial finish where it wasn't clear whether Castroneves or rival Paul Tracy had won. Castroneves was declared the winner, but many people believe Tracy was the rightful winner. Tracy has not gotten along with Castroneves since then and has called him a "two time winner", leaving out his 2002 win. Castroneves has always been a top driver and finished second in IndyCar Series points in 2008. The following year he won the Indy 500 for a third time. In 2009, the IRS charged Castroneves with tax evasion. After a trial, Castroneves was acquitted by a jury.

Changdeokgung

Changdeokgung is one of the five grand palaces in South Korea. They are Gyeongbokgung, Changdeokgung, Deoksugung, Changgyunggung, and Gyeonghuigung. The five grand palaces were not built at the same time. Changdeokgung was built as the secondary palace next to Gyeongbokgung. The construction began by King Taejong, the Third King of the Joseon Dynasty, in 1405. Taking 7 years to complete, it was finished in the year 1412.

The word Changdeokgung means 'the palace of prospering virtue'. Because of the meaning of the name of the palace, the kings of Joseon Dynasty chose mostly Changdeokgung to live in.

The palace had been the home of 14 kings of Joseon Dynasty until it was totally destroyed by the Japanese army in the year 1592. After the Japanese were driven back by the combined forces of Korea and China, Changdeokgung was rebuilt in 1612. After the reconstruction, the palace had suffered little damage and became the primary royal court of the Joseon Dynasty. This was because Gyeongbokgung was also destroyed by the Japanese but the Joseon Dynasty did not rebuild it for some reason and the Changdeokgung became the biggest palace in Korea.

However, Changdeokgung had suffered some damage for 350 years after the reconstruction. As a result, a large scale restoration took palace from 1990 to 1999. This restoration shows how much the Korean people loved Changdeokgung. Apparently, the UNESCO saw its value as well. Seeing Changdeokgung as a vital global asset, UNESCO listed it as a World Cultural Heritage. The UNESCO said that Changdeokgung 'was outstanding example of Far Eastern palace architecture and garden design'.

Changdeokgung is in a park in Seoul, the capital city of South Korea. There are total of 13 buildings remaining in all and the area is designated as Historical Site No. 122. Tourists from all around the world visit this historic site. Changdeokgung is also an enjoyable park for families to spend their weekends.

Korea University

Korea University is a private university in Seoul, South Korea. Along with Seoul National University and Yonsei University, KU is one of the three most renowned universities in the country, collectively known as 'SKY.'

Founded in 1905 with the struggle against Japanese colonialism as a historical background, Korea University holds its legacy with highly national values as priorities. These days, however, an emphasis on internationalism and globalization is also becoming an important value that KU pursues.

Korea University has 81 academic departments, and is most well known for its law school, business school, and college of education. 
It has many notable alumni, including the former President of the Republic of Korea Lee Myung-bak and former mayor of Seoul Oh Se-hoon. 
Cha Bum-Kun, famous football manager and former player (nicknamed Tscha Bum), graduated from KU.
In 2009, famous figure skater Kim Yu-Na entered Korea University as a physical education major. 
About 28,000 students are currently studying in Korea University, including 1,000 foreign students.


Joseph-Armand Bombardier

Joseph-Armand Bombardier (April 16, 1907 – February 18, 1964) was a Canadian inventor famous for inventing the snowmobile. In 2000, Joseph-Armand Bombardier was honored by the government of Canada with his image on a postage stamp.He died at 57 years of age. 

Joseph-Armand was born in 1907 in Valcourt, Quebec. As a child he loved to take things apart and put them back together. He was very good at building mechanical things. He built his first moving toy at the age of 13. His father had to hide the family car from him because he liked to take apart and re-build the motor. To keep him away from the family car, his father gave him an old car that didn't work. Joseph-Armand fixed the motor, and put it on old sleds and created the first snow vehicle.

When he was 17 years old he convinced his father to let him quit college and become a mechanic. He continued to study mechanics and electrical engineering at night school.

His first patent was for a sprocket wheel and track system in 1937, this system would help him to make the first snowmobile the B7. These first snowmobiles were used by doctors, veterinarians, innkeepers and funeral directors to get around in the winter. Bombardier went on to design bigger snowmobiles that would carry up to 12 people.

During the War, he made snowmobiles and armoured tracked vehicles for the Canadian Government. 

He is a member of the Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame.



Earthship

An Earthship is a type of house that is built with natural and recycled materials with energy conservation in mind. Designed by the architect Michael Reynolds and his company "Earthship Biotecture", it is built to produce water and electricity for its own use. Mainly made of earth-filled tires it takes advantage of thermal mass, natural heat insulation and ventilation to maintain its temperature. Since it does not require any public utilities such as gas, electricity, water or sewage it can be considered as an off-the-grid housing, meaning that it can live away from public utilities.

An Earthship does not require external support to sustain itself. Instead, it is built to use resources available from its natural surroundings. For example, windows are placed so that sunlight is shone inside the house to be used for heating. Electricity is generated by solar panels and stored in batteries. The roofing collects rainwater that is filtered and used for drinking and various household activities such as cooking and washing. Used water from sinks and showers is reused to water indoor plants and after that for toilet flushing.

Earthships can adapt to different climates and are being build worldwide. In North- and South America, the Carribeans, Asia, Africa and Europe. Construction drawings and training should enable people to build their own off-the-grid Earthship home and become independent from public and commercial utilities.


Matt Kenseth

Matt Kenseth (born March 10, 1972) is an American race car driver. He drove for Joe Gibbs Racing and Roush Fenway Racing before he retired. In 2003, Kenseth won the NASCAR Winston Cup Championship.

Kittanning, Pennsylvania

Kittanning () is a borough and the county seat of Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is 44 miles (71 km) northeast of Pittsburgh, and is by the Allegheny River.

Kittanning is along the Allegheny River. It was originally a Native American village in the 18th century. In 1756, the village was destroyed by John Armstrong, Sr. at the Battle of Kittanning during the French and Indian War. During the attack, a blast from the explosion of gunpowder stored in Captain Jacobs's house was heard in Pittsburgh, 44 miles away.

In 1900, 3,902 people lived in Kittanning, and in 1910, there were 4,311 people living in the area. After Wickboro became part of Kittanning, an estimated 10,000 people lived in Kittanning in 1914. In 1930, there were 7,808 people; in 1940, 7,550. The amount of people living in Kittanning was 3,921 at the 2020 census. Kittanning is the county seat of Armstrong County.

The playground on North Jefferson Street was formerly the Kittanning Cemetery; 274 graves were moved in 1960 to a new cemetery on Troy Hill Road.


Gastric dumping syndrome

Gastric dumping syndrome, also called dumping syndrome, and rapid gastric emptying, is when food or water passes through the body too fast. It can cause cramps, vomiting, diarrhea, feeling dizzy, nausea, and feeling tired.

Richard Peddie

Richard A. Peddie (born January 1947) is a Canadian businessman. He is the former president and CEO of Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment.

Webmail

Webmail (or Web-based e-mail) is an e-mail service which is usually accessed through a web browser, instead of an email client such as Microsoft Outlook. Some well known versions are Gmail, Windows Live Mail and Yahoo! Mail. One of the advantages of using web-based e-mail, as with other Cloud computing is that users needn't have their own computer. They can access and write their mail from anyone else's computer that has a web browser connected to the internet. 

Club Penguin

Club Penguin was a free-to-play multiplayer online game that was available to play online. It was owned by The Walt Disney Company starting in October 2005 before it was shut down in late March 2017. "Club Penguin" started as a chat room called Penguin Chat by Rocketsnail Games. The game was replaced by a freemium mobile application called Club Penguin Island, which did not receive the success that the original online game had.

"Club Penguin" was an online virtual world for all ages, where players could talk and meet with each other. Parties were held once a month with a different theme every time. Players could play games to earn coins.

There were also several rooms in "Club Penguin". A player would usually land in the town whenever they logged on. All players gathered at the town. By walking or by using the map, players could visit other places.

Before shutdown, it was announced that on the final day of Club Penguin, everybody would get membership. Club Penguin was shut down at 00:01:39 PM. A message appeared on screen for all players, saying "The connection has been lost. Thank you for playing Club Penguin. Waddle on!"

Like most online games, "Club Penguin" had a membership which could be purchased online or through a gift card that was purchased from a store. As a member, players could buy new furniture, adopt more puffles, and get access to bonuses.

Puffles were the virtual pets. Non-members could buy a red puffle and a blue puffle, but members could adopt all 20 puffles in exclusive colors. A puffle that was not well cared for by its owner would leave its owner and return to the wild. Puffles had food, hats, and toys which could be bought in the game.

There were many games on "Club Penguin," all with different controls. Some games are controlled by the computermouse, while other games were controlled by the keyboard. At the end of a game, the player earns a certain amount of coins, depending on how well the game was played.

There are some console video games based on "Club Penguin". These include the following:


Crush syndrome

Crush syndrome is a very bad health condition. It involves major shock and kidney failure because of the skeletal muscles being crushed. This condition can cause death.

Shock

Shock may refer to:





Culture shock

Culture shock is a feeling that people have when they are in a different place or experiencing a culture that is different from their own. Many times, the feelings that come with culture shock are confusion, feeling out of place, anxiety, and homesickness. These feelings come from adjusting to the new culture or place, which can be very difficult for some people. Adjustment is especially hard when the change of environment and culture is in a foreign country. It is difficult for people to know what is appropriate and what is not in an unfamiliar place. 





It is important to understand and identify the symptoms of culture shock so that it can be worked through. The feelings and symptoms that are a result of culture shock are not always caused by one event alone. Many times, it is more than one event over time that leads to overwhelming feelings and emotions. Sometimes it is difficult to identify feelings and emotions as symptoms of culture shock because they can often be confused with other things. There are some different strategies for coping and working through culture shock. Keeping active, making friends with the host country’s locals, and staying positive are all good methods to improve the ability to deal with culture shock.

Reverse culture shock is like culture shock but is experienced when someone returns to their original home after being away for a long period of time. Reverse culture shock can be unexpected because people expect their home to be the same as when they left. This makes it harder for someone to readjust to the change in their home culture and environment. Usually, a longer period of time spent away from home means a longer adjustment period after returning home. Reverse culture shock can be worked through by talking with others, doing things that are a reminder of the foreign place or culture, and staying positive.

Modern dance

Modern dance is related to ballet, but aims at different types of performance, as compared to the classical ballets. Many of its dancers have been trained in ballet, and modern dance companies are rather similar to ballet companies. Here the word "modern" is not used to mean "recent". Modern dance is over a century old, having begun (in this sense) around 1900.

The phrase 'modern dance' is also applied to ballroom dance of the English (now 'International') style. However, this page uses "Modern dance" as a term to describe 20th century concert dance, on stage. The modern dance style does not have set rules. Modern dancers often create their own dance routines using their emotions and moods but, on the other hand, many performances are choreographed.

Also modern dancing does not require specific costumes. So modern dancers often dance barefoot and choose whatever they want to wear. Modern dancers try to show their innermost emotions through dancing, often trying to get closer to their inner-selves. Modern dance has evolved continually. Artistic content has changed and shifted from one choreographer to another, as have styles and techniques.

Modern dance was developed in the 20th century, mainly in the United States and Germany. In the early 1900s, several female dancers began rebelling against the strict rules of classical ballet.

The pioneers of modern dance in the United States were Isadora Duncan, Loie Fuller, Ruth St. Denis and Martha Graham. The pioneers of Germany were Rudolf Von Laban and Mary Wigman.


Epik High

Epik High is a South Korean hip hop music group. They are well known for having combined genres and different styles of hip-hop throughout their career and for the quality of their music and the lyrics to their songs. Group members are Tablo, DJ Tukutz and Mithra Jin. They made their first recording in 2003, and started their own music label, Map the Soul, in 2009. They went on a World Tour to Japan, Korea and U.S.A. (April 26 ,2009 ~ May 23, 2009). The label was acquired by Woolim Entertainment, their former label. But soon the contract between them and their company ended and they are now the members of 
YG Entertainment.







Ben Foster (footballer)

Ben Foster (born 3 April 1983) is an English footballer. He is a former England national team goalkeeper who has now retired . He holds the record for having done the most number of saves (1178) in premier league history.

Foster started his football career at Racing Club Warwick and in 2001, secured his first transfer to Stoke City. Although considered promising, Foster struggled and could not get regular game-time in his youth days.

In 2005 he departed, without playing a single match, from Stoke City after a series of loan spells and joined Manchester United where he played as a back-up to Edwin van der Sar. He was loaned twice, consecutively, for the years 2005-06 and 2006-07 to Watford before spending three more seasons at Manchester United as a substitute goalkeeper. He finally left Manchester United for Birmingham City in 2010.

It was from this time that Foster started to get regular starts in all the teams he played till now. At Birmingham City, he instantly established himself in the main eleven for the 2010-11 season. The next season, West Bromwich Albion successfully managed to seal a loan deal with Birmingham City for Foster before finalising the transfer in 2012. He spent a total of seasons at West Brom before leaving the club for Watford in 2018. Since joining Watford, he has been praised several times by analysts for his calm presence in the goal behind a considerably weak Watford defense and has won back-to-back Premier league goalkeeper of the year awards at the "London Football Awards".

Born in Leamington Spa, Ben Foster used to work as a chef before he started his career as a footballer. He is currently married to Kate Foster with whom he has 2 children's. The family lives in a self-designed house at . Besides football, Foster has deep interest in cycling and has taken part in various cycling tours.

Source:

Wrexham

Watford

Manchester United

Birmingham City

Individual


Yonsei University

Yonsei University (연세대학교,延世大學校) is one of the top three universities in South Korea. It is privately-owned, and one of the oldest universities in the country.

Yonsei University was started by a Christian missionary named Horace Underwood. The university included older schools. One was "Yonhi College" and another was "Severance Hospital". Severance Hospital had a medical school called "Gwanghyewon" which opened in 1885. Therefore, Yonsei University states that it started in 1885.

The main buildings are in Sinchon in Seoul, but there are also students in Wonju in Gangwon province.

The university offers courses in economics, business, and medical majors. Severance Hospital is still the medical center of Yonsei University. Yonsei University's school color is blue.

Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies

Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies (HAFS) is a private boarding school in Yongin City, South Korea. It was founded by the city council and the Hankuk University of Foreign Studies through working together. HAFS was established on 9 October 2004. The school has around 113 workers and approximately 1050 students. The school is well known for its school uniform which is designed by André Kim, a famous designer in S. Korea.

The school ground includes three classroom buildings named Pioneer Hall, Dream Hall, and Challenge Hall respectively and two dormitory buildings named Ace Hall. All students have to live in the dormitory throughout the school years.

There are 5 language departments, which are often referred to as "majors": English, French, German, Chinese, and Japanese. Classes 1 - 3 are English majors; class 4, French major; class 5, German major; classes 6 - 8, Chinese majors; classes 9 - 10, Japanese majors. There are approximately 35 students per class. The English majors are often referred to as the International Department and the French, German, Chinese and Japanese majors, or the Eurasian Majors as the Domestic Department.

El Clásico

El Clásico (, ) is a football match between two Spanish rival football clubs, FC Barcelona and Real Madrid, in the Spanish football league La Liga. It is one of the most famous football matches in the world.

The rival match is also well-known due to its history. Historically, Catalonia was oppressed and disrespected by the dictatorship. Thus, the only way the citizens could take revenge to the government was to defeat the football club representing Madrid (the capital city and the central government in Spain). Real Madrid led in Official Matches 104 wins to 100 FC Barcelona. As early as the 1930s, Barcelona "had developed a reputation as a symbol of Catalan identity, opposed to the centralising tendencies of Madrid".

Currently, the records for both Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are one of the top football clubs in the world.

Real Madrid has won 104 Titles: 35 La Ligas, 20 Copa del Reys, 13 Supercopa de Españas, 1 Copa Eva Duartes, 1 Copa de la Ligas, 2 UEFA Cups, 14 UEFA Champions Leagues, 5 UEFA Super Cups, 2 Latin Cups, 2 Small Club World Cups, 1 Copa Iberoamericanas, 3 Intercontinental Cups, and 5 FIFA Club World Cups

FC Barcelona has won 100 Titles: 27 La Ligas, 31 Copa del Reys, 14 Supercopa de Españas, 3 Copa Eva Duartes, 2 Copa de la Ligas, 4 UEFA Cup Winners' Cups, 5 UEFA Champions Leagues, 5 UEFA Super Cups, 3 Inter-Cities Fairs Cups, 2 Latin Cups, 1 Small Club World Cups, and 3 FIFA Club World Cups.

American Embassy School

The American Embassy School is an international school in New Delhi, India. The campus is twelve acres large, and it contains 34 faculty families on campus. The school, despite its large area, is being expanded to include additional students. The school accepts students from nursery to twelfth grade. 

All lessons, except for special language classes, are taught in English. There are about 1,500 students in the school, and although 35% of them are Americans, the rest of the students come from 53 different nationalities. The school's motto is "Enter to learn... Leave to serve." 

The curriculum at AES follows the college preparatory program that are used in American private schools. At high school, students have the opportunity to take the program of either International Baccalaureate or Advanced Placement as well as a regular high school program. 


Bungee jumping

Bungee jumping is an adventurous sport in which people jump from higher ground such as a bridge with an elastic rope tied to their ankles to stop them from hitting the ground. The rope is designed to stretch, not break. When the rope has stretched all the way, the jumper bounces back up. When people jump they wear safety equipment like helmets and a harness.

It started as the coming-of-age ceremony in a small village on South Pentecost Island in Vanuatu. The young men jump from the top of a 30 meter high tree to demonstrate their courage as an adult. They tied jungle vines around their ankles so that they would not hit the ground.And from then it started to become a sport in which people take part and it was named bungee jumping .

Modern bungee jumping began when four British men jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. In 1987 A.J.Hackett became world famous when he jumped from the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Later he set up the Kawarau Bridge in New Zealand, with a height of 47 meters, as a commercial bungee jumping area. People could pay money for the fun of jumping. The idea quickly spread around the world. 

Bungee jumping has several dangers. The rope has to be the right size for your weight, or it may break. The safety harness has to fit properly or the force of the drop could cause a person's bones to break. The rope has to be the right length or a person could hit the ground before being stopped by the rope. And it always needs to be supervised by an professional. 


Blast fishing

Blast fishing or dynamite fishing is the use of dynamite or homemade bombs to kill or stun many fish at once. This makes the fish easier to catch. It kills many fish, and damages where they live. The explosions often destroys the habitat (such as coral reefs) which supports the fish. 

The explosives are also dangerous for the fishermen, causing accidents and injuries. The practice is illegal in many places.

Nam June Paik

Nam June Paik (July 20, 1932 – January 29, 2006) was a Korean-born American artist. He is often thought to be the first video artist.

In 1971, he made a cello out of three television sets and some cello strings. Then he got a famous cellist to play the cello.

Starting with his debut, he started the neo-dadaism movement. In 2006, he died of natural causes.

Arirang (2011 movie)

Arirang is a 2011 South Korean movie. It is about the revolutionist Kim San. It is also about the sadness and pain of the Korean people under the rule of the Japanese.

In the story, a female reporter Nim Wales meets Kim San in Yanan City in China. She listens to Kim San about his thoughts of revolution and freedom of his home country Korea. The Japanese rule at that time was very strict and violent. The people wanted independence of Korea from Japan. Many Koreans, like Kim, were forced to leave their own country. When Kim met Nim Wales in Yanan, he joined the revolution in China against Japan's aggressive war.

In this movie, the main theme is revolution and Independence of Korea. It is also about Kim San's mind to his mother country and his own life.

Osechi

Osechi is Japanese food made to celebrate the coming of the New Year, called "Shogatsu". It is one of the most important annual events in Japan. "Osechi" food is packed in colorful lacquer boxes called "jubako". Each dish and ingredient in "osechi" has a meaning, such as good health, fertility, good harvest, happiness, long life, and so on. The kind of "osechi" foods eaten in Japanese homes varies from area to area. It is a Japanese tradition to eat "osechi" dishes during the New Year's holidays which go from January 1 to January 3.

One year there was not much food. People did not have enough rice to cook in their rice cooker. Emperor Nintoku knew about this and it worried him a lot. He said that he would lower the taxes in years when people did not have enough rice for New Years Day. After that the taxes were lowered but the House of Emperor Nintoku became poor. Japanese people celebrated this custom on New Years Day. "Osechi-ryori" is a dish that is cooked before New Year's Eve to eat on New Years Day.

On New Years Day, the God of the Year, named "Toshigami" comes to the world and the world starts a new year. The god came through a special gate, a "Kadomatsu", into our world. He is god of agriculture. In Japan when agriculture was the main activity of life, people welcomed "Toshigami" and hoped for a rich harvest. A special decoration, a "shimekazari" was put up to welcome the god. Another decoration, a "wakazari", was put up to make sure that nothing would go wrong during the next year. "Osechi" is a meal to give to "Toshigami". In Japan people gave the first part of the crop to god. The rest of the celebration was a feast, called "naorai".

The beginning of "osechi" starts in the "Yayoi" period. This went from 1000 BC to 300 AD. People at that time were starting to grow rice. As part of a harvest festival, called "Sekku", people made food gifts to please the gods. "Sekku" foods are eaten to thank the gods for the blessing of nature, a good harvest and big catch. This is the beginning of "osechi". This idea came from China.

In the "Heian" period, from 710 to 1185, this event became more common in Japan as the influence of China became more important. There were five seasonal festival days or "sekku", January 7 ("Jinjitsu" or "Nanakusa no sekku"), March 3 ("Joshi" or "Momo no sekku"), 5 May ("Tango" or "Shobu no sekku"), 7 July (T"anabata no sekku") and 9 September ("Choyo" or "Kiku no sekku"). An offering table was set up for the gods. The foods offered to the gods were dry foods, not processed for people to eat. Modern "osechi" comes from the Edo period (1603—1867). These days many Japanese people buy their "osechi" in shops instead of making it at home.

There are many different "osechi" foods, and each has a special meaning. The shape, the color, and the name of each food has a meaning which might bring good luck, happiness or long life. One type of "osechi" is made from black soybean and herring roe. Black is a color which brings youth and long life. The name of the black soybean means that people can live a long life without sickness. Herring roe symbolizes the prosperity of descendants, because there is a lot of roe in each piece.

Chestnuts are rolled into an omelet mixed with fish paste and steamed fish paste Chestnut means a mass of gold and it represents the wish that people get ahead in business and become rich person. A rolled mixed with fish paste mean the culture and diligence because it is a symbol or a scroll from the meaning of dressing up. And red steamed fish paste means removing evil and white means a pure mind. Kelp is a symbol of congratulation and longevity and is auspicious food endowed happiness.

Enma

Enma is the god of hell in the Buddhism. He is the god who judges whether the souls of people go to heaven or hell. 

Enma is the god of hell who judges right and wrong after a human dies and falls into hell. Enma gives many kinds of dreadful punishments. The word "Enma" comes from "Yama" in Sanskrit and Pali, a language for Buddhist writings in Sri Lanka, Myanmar and Thailand. He is said to be a human ancestor in the "Rigveda" (an ancient Indian sacred book). He is a god of the Indian Veda myth, and he is said to be the incarnation of the "Jizo Bosatsu", the stone statue which is the god of help in Japanese Buddhism. 

Believers in Buddhism think Enma comes from the start of the world. He was linked with death at first. People thought he was king of paradise for the dead, the god who ruled people when they lived in heaven. People thought he tied up the souls of the people with the rope that he held in the hand. He became a feared god. Then he was treated as just the god of death. Because he is also an incarnation of the god of help, it is said that he can come and go freely between heaven and hell.

The appearance of Enma usually frightening in nature. Enma is always shown wearing Chinese traditional clothes from the Sung era (AD 960–1279). Why he wears Chinese traditional clothes is unknown. Usually, his dress and face are both red. He has a square crown on his head and a mace in his right hand. His eyes are open wide and angry, and are slanted upwards. 

However, in other countries and at different times in history, Enma is pictured differently. For example, in old pictures from India, Enma has a crown and is riding a water buffalo. He has a club and a big rope. Another Enma from ancient India has a flag and steps on water buffalo with one leg. Enma is well-built, with thick arms and a very big chest.

Enma was the first person in the world to die. He went to paradise, called "Gokuraku Jyoudo" (極楽浄土). He lived in paradise and his job was looking after the dead. People believed Enma was the god of paradise. Over time, people became scared of Enma. His job was changed from looking after the dead to judging them. Enma used a club and a big rope to tie up the souls of dead people. He ruled the lower world and judged the dead. He decided if a dead person went to heaven or hell. Furthermore, he made his judgment on what they had done in their lives. People who had behaved well went to heaven. People who had behaved badly go to hell.

The stories about Enma are very mysterious. The most famous story is how Enma will pull someone’s tongue out if they did a bad thing. Japanese parents teach their children to be honest by using this story. Enma can also bring dead people back to life. "Abe-no-seimei", a famous person in Japanese history, died and was revived by Enma. He also can decide when life should end. 

One of the strangest stories involves an actor who died and met Enma. The actor went to hell because he played other people – in other words "lying". He told Enma all about himself his life and Enma started to be interested in his acting. He said “I would like to see you act.” The actor agreed and said "I need a costume, so please give me yours." Enma gave it to him and the actor played as Enma, saying "Ogres! Ogres! Take this bad man away!" Enma was taken away and punished. The actor became a new Enma instead of the real Enma.



Futon

Futons are traditional Japanese bedding. A futon is a padded mattress, called a "shikibuton", a quilt, called a "kakebuton", and a pillow filled with beans, called a "makura". The futon was put on the floor at night for sleeping. They could be easily rolled up during the day when they were not needed. The word "futon" has come to mean a lot more than this. Although many Japanese people sleep in a bed, they say "I sleep on futon"; it means to go to bed. Futon now means things that Japanese people sleep on, including beds.

Many companies make futons, and there are many kinds of futons. Futons are made from chemical fibers like polyester, natural fibers like cotton, feather, down and wool. Japanese quilts usually contain feathers and Japanese mattress usually contain wool.

The Japanese quilt can keep in heat and moisture, depending on what it is made from. Usually, a futon that includes over 50% hemp or cotton is called a "Menfuton". This is popular all over the world. Futons made from down are called quilt down. This retains heat, so this is a high-class futon. Futons made from feathers are called comforters. This is cheap and is common around the world. Futons made from chemical fibers are called chemical fiber futons. This is cheap so this is popular. Futons made from wool are called "Yomo futon". These are warm.

In winter, people generally use "Hadafuton" like a blanket to keep warm. In summer, people generally use "Towelket" like a big towel or Seer quilt which are cooler.

Futons are generally used with a futon cover, because these make it easy to keep the futon clean. People generally use futons so they can sleep comfortably, stay warm and support their bodies while asleep. People usually sweat during sleep, so futons absorb sweat and collect moisture. Futons have to be hung out in sunlight to keep them dry, this is called "futon-hoshi". If this is not done, mites and mold could grow on the futon and it will become dirty and unsanitary. Futons need to be looked after properly.

In the 14th century, most people slept on straw mats, but the nobles slept on "tatami". These were not as soft as futons are now. It was said that they were hard and uncomfortable. For a very long time, people covered themselves with their clothes to keep warm. Most people slept nude. Rich people never did such things.

In the 17th century, bedclothes were made. People made it by stuffing cloth with cotton and wool. These bedclothes are the original form of the futon.

In the 18th century, futon production started (because there was more domestic cotton available). At that time, futons were too expensive to buy for average people. They could cost 1,200,000 yen. Futons were important gifts and many men gave them to women in order to seduce them. Prostitutes were sometimes presented with futons by rich men. Prostitutes could be ranked by counting the futons; the higher ranks of prostitutes received more futons.

In those days, futon meant a mattress, not a quilt. For a quilt, people commonly used (よぎ, literally "nightclothes"). Yogis are kimono-shaped bedclothes. In the Kansai area, they used a square thing like a blanket, a "fusuma". The quilt is said to have evolved long before it.

In the 19th century, most people were able to buy futons. The import of the raw cotton began, and many factories were built. Because of industrial development, making futons was easier and more efficient than before. This made the price become down and people were able to afford them.

Some new futons today are inflatable. People use pillows on futons now.


Johnny &amp; Associates

Johnny & Associates (, "janīzu jimusho" in Japanese) is a well-known talent agent in Japan. The company was established in 1963 by Johnny Kitagawa. It accepts and trains talented boys and promotes their debuts to the entertainment industry. Although Johnny & Associates once accepted female idol candidates in 1980s, it now only takes boys as its candidates.
Starting with group name "Johnnys" in 1962, Johnny & Associates has debuted over 20 groups so far. It has currently more than 10 groups actively participating in the entertainment industry. The most famous groups of today include SMAP (since 1991), TOKIO (1994), V6 (1996), Kinki Kids (1997), Arashi (1999), Tackey and Tsubasa (2001), NewS (2003), Kanjani∞ (2005), KAT-TUN (2006), and Hey! Say! JUMP (2007). Johnny & Associates has been introducing a new idol group almost every other year, and in 2009, Nakayama Yuma with B.I. Shadow made its debut in June.

Kitagawa created Johnny & Associates in the early 1960s. It has been shown that Kitagawa had sexually assaulted many of the boys since the early days of the company. If the boys agreed to the sexual attempts by Kitagawa , they were able to perform for the company. If they refused, they were refused the ability to perform.

In civil trials held in the 1970s, obscene acts were suggested but the boys denied anything was happening. .It was said the that people had been accused of harm or had almost been harmed. Some former members of the group (Koji Kita(北公次), Junya Hiramoto(平本淳也)) published books that included information about boys being raped. In 1999, the magazine "Shukan Bunshun" reported about people claiming there was sexual abuse by Kitagawa.

With the exception of "Shukan Bunshun," no other Japanese media covered this subject. Law enforcement in Japan also took no actions.

During this time, it was known that an employee of Johnny & Associates had often had oral sex with some of the boys. Sexual assault at the office was being seen as the norm. 

Johnny Kitagawa died in 2019 without being arrested or charged with any crime.

In 2022. Kauan Okamoto(カウアン・オカモト) appeared on GaaSyy's Youtube channel. 
Okamoto had belonged to Johnny & Associates. He talked about how he was a victim of assault while he was at Johnny's. 

On March 7, 2023, the British broadcaster BBC broadcasted a documentary titled "Predator: The Secret Scandal of J-Pop". This is about sexual assault by Kitagawa.

On April 12, 2023, Kauan Okamoto held a press conference. He said that from the time started working at Johnny's Entertainment, at the age of 15, until he left the company, he was abused twenty times by Kitagawa. After this press conference, NHK reported on the abuse on April 13. This was the first television report on Kitagawa's sexual assault by a Japanese media. It was only broadcast for two minutes at 4 p.m. At that time of day, there were very few people watching television.

People from the United Nations Human Rights Council came to Japan in late July 2023. They investigated the situation from late July 2023 until early August 2023. On August 4, 2023, They said that there was boys rape at Johnny & Associates. They also said that the Japanese media had said nothing about this for decades.,

Johnny & Associates were a powerful part of the Japanese entertainment industry for a long time. The company had been pressuring the media to report positively on the company, the performers and Kitagawa, They were not to report negatively. 

Johnny & Associates was a typical family-run company. From 1980 until Kitagawa's death in 2019, Kitagawa and his sister Mary Kitagawa(メリー喜多川) each owned half the stock of the company. Because they were the only shareholders, there was no one to comment about how the company was run. When Kitagawa died, Mary Kitagawa's daughter, Julie Keiko Fujishima(藤島ジュリー景子), became president of the company. She gained both her mother and her uncles shares. . She could have investigated Kitagawa's actions but chose not to.



Archway tube station

Archway tube station is a London Underground station in north London, underneath the Archway Tower, at the intersection of Holloway Road, Highgate Hill and Junction Road in the area known as Archway.

It is on the High Barnet branch of the Northern line, between Highgate and Tufnell Park. It is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.


Arnos Grove tube station

Arnos Grove is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly line between Bounds Green and Southgate. The station is in Travelcard Zone 4 and is in Arnos Grove - near Arnos Park on Bowes Road, London. The station and the surrounding neighbourhood of Arnos Grove take their names from the Arnos Grove estate, which was north of the station. The station is the first surface station north after the long tunnelled section from Barons Court via Central London.



Cuba libre

The Cuba Libre (IPA /'kuβ̞a'liβ̞ɾe/ in Spanish, kjuːbʌ liːbɹeɪ/ in English, "Free Cuba") is a cocktail made of Cola, rum, and lime. Also referred as Rum and Coke in United States and Canada, it is usually served in a highball glass. The exact recipe of the drink is 2 oz of light rum, juice of 1/2 limes, and cola, although variation in rum is possible according to taste. After pouring the lime juice into the highball glass, add rum, fill the rest of the glass with cola, and then stir. 

The exact history of Cuba Libre is uncertain. Generally accepted theory is that the drink was invented in Havana, Cuba around 1900, after Cuba’s liberation and when Coke was first introduced to Cuba.

Nanta

Nanta is a popular Korean musical. It is a non-verbal performance using the traditional Korean "Samulnori" rhythm. 
This musical was first performed in 1997.
Nanta received an award for Best Performance at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1999. Since then, it has been performed successfully in many foreign countries. In 2004, Nanta opened a long running show on Broadway, in New York, a first for an Asian musical. 

Nanta is presented through music and motions, so there is no language barrier. This musical combines traditional rhythms of Korean samulnori with modern musical forms including rock music and jazz. This musical creates unique but familiar experience to a world audience. It is a comedy where everyone in the audience can join in the performance. The audience interacts with the performers in many ways.


Boeing 777

The Boeing 777 is a long range, twin-engine, widebody commercial airliner. It is the world's largest twinjet plane. It is often called the "Triple Seven". It can carry between 283 and 368 passengers. It has a range from 5,235 to 9,380 nautical miles. 

The first 777-200 model first entered service in 1995. The stretched 777-300 was introduced in 1998. That model is longer. The longer-range 777-300ER and 777-200LR models entered service in 2004 and 2006, respectively. A freighter version, the 777F, first flew in 2008. Beginning in 2019, Boeing will deliver a new version of the 777, the 777X.

More than 60 airlines operate one or more kinds of the Boeing 777. Of them, Emirates has the most in its fleet: more than 100 of them are in service or on order. Other airlines that operate a lot of 777s include United Airlines, Air France, Cathay Pacific, and American Airlines.

Variants include:<br>
-200s variants
-300s variants
Freight variants
In-development variants (777X)

The 777-200 was the first and original type of 777. It was first flown on June 12, 1994 and entered service with United Airlines on June 7, 1995. It was made to fly up to 440 people in a single class layout, and could fly 5240 nautical miles (9700 km). 88 777-200 were made, with no -200 waiting to be made.
The 777-200ER ("ER" for Extended Range) is an extended range version and the B-market model of the original 777-200. This means it could fly longer than the original version. Although the number of passengers able to be carried remains the same, the range of the -200ER is increased to 7725 nautical miles (14,305 km). 422 -200ER were made, with no -200ER waiting to be made.

The 777-200LR ("LR" for Longer Range) is a longer-range version and the C-market model of the 777-200. The 777-200LR holds the record for longest-ever flight, totaling 22 hours, 42 minutes and flew 11,664 nautical miles from Hong Kong to London. It has a capacity of 301 passengers. 

The 777-300 was launched at the Paris Air Show on June 26, 1995, its major assembly started in March 1997 and its body was joined on July 21, it was rolled-out on September 8 and made its first flight on October 16 and it entered service with Cathay Pacific on June 27, 1998. The 777-300 was designed as a stretch of its fuselage by 20% from the 200's version and have extra seats.

The 777-300ER is the B-market version of the 777-300. This means the 777-300ER have a higher maximum takeoff weight (MTOW) and can fly with a maximum range up to 7,370 nautical miles (13,650 km) with 396 passengers in a two-class seating arrangement. The 777-300ER features raked and extended wingtips, a strengthened fuselage and wings and a modified main landing gear. Its wings have an aspect ratio of 9.0. It is powered by the GE90-115B turbofan, the world's most powerful jet engine with a maximum thrust of 115,300 lbf (513 kN).

Launched in November 2013, the under development 777X will feature GE9X new engines, new carbon fiber wings with folding wingtips and a denser cabin. The longer 777-9, seating 414 over 7,600 nmi (14,075 km), should fly in the first quarter of 2019 and be delivered from December 2019, while the shorter 777-8 would seat 365 over 8,700 nmi (16,110 km).

Seo Tai-ji

Seo Tai-ji (b. February 21, 1972) is a South Korean singer. He was a member of the group Seo Tai Ji and Boys. The songs and performances of this group were very good at that time. However, Seo Tai Ji and Boys broke up. This many fans. After a few years, Seo Tai Ji released a new solo album. He introduced many new forms of music to South Korea after his comeback.

Until even now Seo Tai Ji has a large effect on the singers and other people in South Korea. Fans of Seo Tai Ji call him Daejang which is the word for "captain" in Korean. He is also called the ‘President of Culture.’

Cyworld

Cyworld is a social networking service created by . 
The name can be interpreted in two ways. The first meaning is simply short for "cyber world" and the second meaning is "사이(Korean word for relationship) world."
In Cyworld, making the raltionship as friends is called "being 1chon". 1chon means very very close relative like family in Korea. 

The users can easily update pictures, videos clips, and blogs and share them with other users through what is called "minihompy." It is similar to that of Facebook or Myspace in U.S. 

The statistics shows that there are about 22,000,000 users in South Korea, which is about the half of the population of South Korea. Although it is mainly used by Koreans, the SK communications has expanded the cyworld services into other countries, such as China, Japan, Vietnam, and U.S.A starting on 2005.

Yoo Young-chul

Yoo Young Chul is a South Korean criminal. He is a thief, burglar, robber, fraudster, batterer and serial killer. He murdered 21 women from September 2003 to July 2004 in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. The victims were all women, including a bride who was going to marry the next day. After he was arrested on July 18th 2004, he claimed that he had killed 26 people. However, according to investigation done by The Korea Public Prosecutor’s Office, it was found that he murdered 21 people. The judge gave him the death penalty on December 13rd, 2004, instead of life imprisonment because of the cruelty of his murders. The judge considered Yoo Young Chul’s statement that if he wasn’t arrested, he would have chopped even 100 people into pieces. The chief judge said “considering the pain the victims’ family suffered and panic prevailed in the society, he cannot avoid the top penalty.” He is living on death row.

He said that he started murdering because of hatred toward women caused by his divorce. He got a score of 38 on psychopath test where the maximum score is 40. The closer the score is to 40, the more likely that the test-taker is a psychopath. But, psychiatrists made a diagnosis that he was normal and that he could act according to his own true will. So, the fact that he was psychopath could not justify the crime he committed. This shocking event made many people in Korea pay attention to psychopath and this criminal case was made into a movie named "Chu-Gyuk-Ja" which means "The Chaser" in English.


Men at Work

Men at Work is an Australian reggae-influenced rock band that formed in 1979 in St. Kilda, a suburb of Melbourne. Men at Work often used woodwind and brass instruments. In 1986, they disbanded, but in 1996 they reformed and are still playing. Their biggest success they had in the 1980s. Their biggest hit song was "Down Under" which went to Number 1 on the charts in the USA and UK. They are the only Australian band to have both a single and an album at No 1. on the US charts at the same time.

Ji Kang Hun

Ji Kang Hun (1954~October 15th 1988) was an escapee from prison in Seoul. 

Ji became well known to Koreans, along with those who escaped with him, as their hostage taking was broadcast live all over Korea. Ji became famous for his saying “If you have money, non-guilty. If you don't have money, guilty.” The phrase criticized social and income inequality of the 1980s Korean society. Also, it raised the issue of “Preventive Custody Policy,” which separated prisoners from the society for a while even after their prison term was over in a preventative approach to potential crimes.

On October 8, 1988, 12 prisoners from Youngdeungpo Prison escaped into Seoul city during their transfer to Kongju Prison. Although they were known to Koreans as cruel and inhumane criminals, they were actually accused of robbery and other small crimes. They escaped because they were enraged by the idea of “Preventive Custody Policy,” and that trials were conducted unfairly to the poor. Their prison term for stealing 5,000,000 won was longer than that of Jun Kyung Hwan, brother of the former Korean president, who had embezzled approximately 60,000,000,000 won.
Among the 12 escapees, 4 out of 5 managed to stay unarrested until the very end. They are Ji Kang Hun (35 years old), An Kwang Sul (22), Kang Young Il (21), and Han E-Chul (20). They moved in search of shelters from houses to houses in Seoul. On October 15th, they smuggled into Koh Yong-suh’s house in Seodaemungu Bukjakadong and took hostage of his family. This hostage taking was broadcasted live on television. Koh managed to sneak out from the house at 4:00 AM in the morning and informed the police. The house was surrounded immediately by more than 1000 police force. The standoff between the escapees and the police started from 4:40 AM. At about 12:00 PM, Kang Young Il came out of the house in an effort to negotiate with the police. He tried to get back to the house, but was stopped by Ji who shot a gun before Kang’s feet. Ji stated that this was his last gift to Kang. Then, two of other escapees, An Kwang Sul and Han E-Chul committed suicide in the other room. Ji asked the police for a cassette tape, Holiday by Beegees. He shouted out to the reporters, policemen, and those who were at the scene, “If you have money, non-guilty. If you don't have money, guilty.” He tried to kill himself by stabbing his throat with a piece of glass that he had shattered from the window while listening to Holiday. During the process of rescuing the hostages, Ji was shot two times by the Special Squad in the house. He died the same day at the hospital for excessive loss of blood.

To this day, the phrase “If you have money, non-guilty. If you don’t have money, guilty” is used to criticize politicians or elites in corporations who get away with bribery and embezzlement. 

A movie based on his escape, “Holiday,” was made in Korea in 2006. The title was named after a song by Beegees, which Ji Kang Hun asked for at the hostage taking scene


Valya Balkanska

Valya Mladenova Balkanska (born January 8, 1942) is a Bulgarian folk music singer. She is most famous for performing the song "Izlel je Delyo hajdutin", which was sent to space on board the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes in 1977.

Valya Balkanska was born in a hamlet consisting of seven houses near the village of Arda in the Rhodope Mountains. Since her childhood years she has been singing Rhodopean folk songs, which she learned from her mother and grandmother, as well as at work-bee parties. In 1960 she became the main soloist of the "Rhodopa" State Ensemble for Folk Songs and Dances. She was only 18 years old at that time. Up to this day Balkanska has performed more than 300 folk songs, having been accompanied by the bagpipe player Petar Yanev for the last 14 years.

The most important moment in Balkanska's career came with the folk song "Izlel je Delyo hajdutin", which she recorded together with the bagpiper Dimitar Petkovski. In 1972 it became part of the Voyager Golden Record, a collection of songs, sounds and images from our planet, which also contains works of famous composers such as Mozart, Bach, Beethoven, and Stravinsky. NASA put copies of the record in the "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2" space probes and launched them on August 20, 1977. According to Carl Sagan, one of the creators of the Voyager Golden Record, only advanced alien civilizations would be able to play it. 

In 2004 Balkanska released an album called "Glas ot vechnostta (Voice from the Eternity)", comprising some of her most popular songs such as "A bre yunache ludo i mlado, Goro le goro zelena", and "Maychinko stara maychinko".

Balkanska received numerous awards throughout her career as a folk music singer. One of her favourite recognitions is a golden statuette from the Art Olympiad in Los Angeles in 1997. In 2002 the Bulgarian president honoured her with a "Stara Planina" medal, considered the highest national award. In the same year she also received the "Golden Lyre" award by the Union of Bulgarian Musicians and Dancers. Balkanska became an awardee of the "Golden Phenomenon" prize for helping the popularization of Bulgarian folk music and culture and for the same reason she was the first Bulgarian to be honoured by UNESCO as a "citizen of the planet".
According to "Time Magazine" she is one of the people symbolizing the future of Europe, stating that apart from being "a legend in her own country, Valya Balkanska is very much a legend in space, too". Since December 2005 she has her own star plate on the Bulgarian Walk of Fame. In 2005 Balkanska was also one of the nominees for the "St. Paisiy Hilendarski" national award for notable artists and performers. In May 2009 the Bulgarian Association of Regional Media chose her as "The Most Exceptional Bulgarian Woman". 

In 2008 "Standard", a Bulgarian daily newspaper, conducted a survey on what Bulgarians consider as their most important symbol of national pride. Nearly 22 thousand readers of "Standard"'s online edition from more than 10 countries around the world took part in the poll. Among the 23 possible choices, Valya Balkanska came in first with 9.46% of the votes. She ranked higher than the inventor of the computer John Atanasoff, the world record holder in the women's high jump Stefka Kostadinova, and even the declaration of independence of Bulgaria in 1908. 


Commercial Act of South Korea

The Commercial Act of South Korea is the law that controls commerce in South Korea. It was originally enacted on 1 January 1963. It currently consists of 5 main chapters: General Provisions, Commercial Transactions, Company, Insurance, and Maritime Commerce.

Amendments (changes) were made in 1963, 1984, 1991, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2008 and 2009. The biggest changes were made to comply with rules made by the International Monetary Fund. These changes were made during South Korea's foreign currency crisis in 1998. They were to support corporate restructuring and improving accountability and transparency of management through efficient monitoring.

The concept of directors' duty of loyalty was introduced in the Commercial Act and was imposed as a statutory obligation of directors of stock companies. The Commercial Act also included the concept of "de facto" directors liable for damages under certain circumstances. The Commercial Act holds "owners", who do not hold any official corporate directorship, liable for mis-management and misconduct. Additionally, through the introduction of the shareholder proposal rights, the status of minority shareholders improved. They have opportunities to propose certain issues to the board of directors and the general shareholders' meeting.


Dilation and curettage

Dilation and Curettage (D&C) is a type of surgery used to diagnose and treat problems with woman's uterus.

During a D&C, a doctor will do these things:

A D&C can be used for many reasons. For example:

Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh

Rajneesh (11 December 1931 – 19 January 1990) was an Indian mystic, guru, and spiritual teacher. Among many gurus who brought forms of yoga to the West, he is one of the most notable. He freely invented yogic and tantric practices, characteristics of Neo-Hinduism that began to emerge in the 1870s. His international following has continued after his death. Rajneesh was born Chandra Mohan Jain; he was known as the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh during the 1970s and 1980s, and finally as Osho in the last year of his life.

He was born in a small village in the Gadarwara town of Narsinghpur District of Madhya Pradesh state in north India. He spent most of his childhood with his maternal grandparents, which he later mentioned as "the blessing in his life" for its carefree environment.

He entered college at his age of nineteen. Asked by the principal to leave the college, he transferred to D.N. Jain College and completed his B.A. in philosophy in 1955. After obtaining his M.A. in philosophy in University of Sagar in 1957, he started teaching at Raipur Sanskrit College and became a professor at Govt. "Mahakaushal Mahavidyalaya, Pachpedhi, Jabalpur affiliated to Jabalpur University in 1960 now known as Rani Durgavati vishwavidyalaya. While teaching at colleges, he became known as a public speaker. He resided in a rented house on Garha Road leading from Ranital Crossing to Garha sub-town around 1957-59 period in a simple house and did all his routine work by himself. In those days he used to meditate in Bhawar Tal Park of Jabalpur City under the "Maulshri" tree which is still preserved and known as "Osho Tree" in the Park. (based on personal knowledge as a student of Mahakaushal College (now Govt, College of Arts & Science) 1956-60." 

As a professor of philosophy, he traveled throughout India in the 1960s as a public speaker. He was a critic of socialism, Mahatma Gandhi, and other stalwarts of Indian politics, including institutionalised religions. He advocated a more open attitude towards sexuality: so the press called him a "sex guru". In 1970, he settled for a time in Bombay initiating disciples, known as neo-sannyasins, and expanded his spiritual teaching and work. In his discourses, he reinterpreted writings of religious traditions, mystics, and philosophers from around the world. Moving to Poona in 1974, he established an ashram that attracted increasing numbers of Westerners.

The Poona ashram was by all accounts an exciting and intense place to be, with an emotionally charged, madhouse-carnival atmosphere. The day began at 6:00 a.m. with Dynamic Meditation. From 8:00 a.m., Rajneesh gave a 60- to 90-minute spontaneous lecture in the ashram's "Buddha Hall" auditorium, commenting on religious writings or answering questions from visitors and disciples. Until 1981, lecture series held in Hindi alternated with series held in English. During the day, various meditations and therapies took place, whose intensity was ascribed to the spiritual energy of Rajneesh's "buddhafield". In evening "darshans", Osho conversed with individual disciples or visitors and initiated disciples ("gave sannyas").

The ashram offered therapies derived from the Human Potential Movement to its Western audience and made news in India and abroad, chiefly because of its permissive climate and Osho's provocative lectures. By the end of the 1970s, there were mounting tensions with the Indian government and the surrounding society.

A situation rose when Rajneesh entered a three-and-a-half-year period of self-imposed public silence on 10 April 1981. He occupied himself with "satsangs"—silent sitting with music and readings from spiritual works, and gave no discourses. Around the same time, Ma Anand Sheela replaced Ma Yoga Laxmi as Rajneesh's secretary.

Later in 1981 Rajneesh moved to the United States, and his followers established a community, later known as Rajneeshpuram, in the state of Oregon. Within a year, the leadership of the commune became embroiled in a conflict with local residents, primarily over land use, which was marked by hostility on both sides. Rajneesh lived in a trailer next to a covered swimming pool and other amenities. He did not lecture and only saw most of the residents when, daily, he would slowly drive past them as they stood by the road. He gained public notoriety for the many Rolls-Royces bought for his use, eventually numbering 93 vehicles. This made him the largest single owner of the cars in the world.

Ma Anand Sheela (born Sheela Ambatal Patel, 28 December 1949) was Rajneesh's personal secretary from 1981 to 1985. On 10 July 1981, she purchased the Big Muddy Ranch to create the Rajneeshpuram, Oregon commune. She was the main manager and spokesperson. She carried a .357 Magnum handgun, and created a Rajneeshpuram police force armed with Uzi submachine guns and a Jeep-mounted .30-calibre machinegun. It was under Sheela's influence that Rajneesh decided to travel to the United States and begin an ashram there.

While at Rajneeshpuram, Rajneesh depended on Sheela to manage the organisation. She was seen as Rajneesh's principal aide, and as second-in-command of the organisation. She was also president of Rajneesh Foundation International. The two of them met each day in private to go over significant matters for the group.

Sheela ran the operations of virtually all of the sub-groups under Rajneesh's movement, as well as Rajneeshpuram itself. Rancho Rajneesh was administered through the inner circle of followers managed by Sheela. She made decisions for the organisation in meetings with followers in her own private living space. In addition, Sheela would make decisions for the organisation by herself or after meeting with Rajneesh. Those followers of Rajneesh that did not abide by her rulings risked being kicked out of Rajneeshpuram. According to "Bioterrorism and Biocrimes", "This peculiar decision-making style had a significant impact on the group's move to employ biological agents".

The Oregon commune collapsed in 1985 when Rajneesh revealed that the commune leadership had committed a number of serious crimes, including a 1984 bioterror attack (food contamination) on the citizens of The Dalles, Oregon. He was arrested shortly afterwards and charged with immigration violations, and was deported from the United States in accordance with a plea bargain.

Ma Anand Sheela was sentenced to three concurrent 20-year prison sentences, for assault, attempted murder, telephone tapping, immigration fraud and product tampering. She served 29 months before being released on parole. Upon release, she left immediately for Switzerland, where she now manages two nursing homes.

Twenty-one countries denied him entry, causing Osho to travel the world before returning to Poona, where he died in 1990. His ashram is today known as the Osho International Meditation Resort. His teachings emphasised the importance of meditation, awareness, love, celebration, courage, creativity and humour—qualities that he viewed as being suppressed by adherence to static belief systems, religious tradition and socialisation. Osho's teachings have had an impact on Western New Age thought, and their popularity has increased since his death.

One of his strong hopes was creating what he called "new man", who embodies characteristics of Gautama Buddha and Zorba the Greek at the same time. Through this concept, Rajneesh tried to reject neither science nor spirituality, but embrace them both. According to him, “New man” is not subject to one’s sex and does not belong to institutions such as family, political ideologies, or religions.

Many books of his teachings were published. They followed a pattern: he would give talks, they would be recorded. The tapes would be worked up into a typed manuscript by some of his followers. The manuscripts would be published, at first in India, and without ISBN numbers, so they were at first bought by his admirers. Later some of the best were reprinted in the West. His talks covered a wide range of religions and philosophies. The total number of books is not known, but it was certainly more than 30.


listed without dates:



Ashkenazi Jews

Ashkenazi Jews / "Ashkenazic Jews" / "Ashkenazim" are Jews who originally lived in northern and eastern Europe. They once lived in the area of Rhineland and France and after the crusades they moved to Poland, Lithuania and Russia. In the 17th century, avoiding persecution, many Jews moved to and settled in Western Europe.

Scientists believe that Ashkenazi Jews originally came from the Land of Israel and initially went to Italy, France, and Germany. Later, during pogroms in the middle ages, mainly in Germany, they fled to Poland and Lithuania, and from there they spread over the rest of Eastern Europe. They then adopted the Yiddish language.

After that, two terms, Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jews, became commonly used: The former indicates the Jews who worshiped in the German way and spoke Yiddish, the latter indicates the Jews who worshiped in the Spanish way and spoke the Ladino language. They differ in language (pronunciation), cultural tradition and worship style.

During World War II, about 6 million Jews, 5 million of whom were Ashkenazi, were killed in the Holocaust. The Holocaust destroyed or greatly reduced the large Jewish communities and the Yiddish language in Europe. Many of the surviving Ashkenazi Jews emigrated to countries such as Israel, Canada, Argentina, Australia, and the United States after the war.

As of 2018, Ashkenazim are around 75% of the 14.6 million Jews of the world. They are also the mainstream of Israeli politics. Famous Ashkenazim are Albert Einstein, George Gershwin, Gustav Mahler, Franz Kafka.


Dilation and evacuation

Dilation and evacuation (or "D&E") is a medical procedure. It may be used as a method of abortion when a woman is in her second trimester (between 12–32 weeks pregnant). This procedure also may be used after a woman has a miscarriage, to make sure that the uterus is emptied out completely. If tissue is left behind in a woman's uterus after a miscarriage, she can get an infection.

A dilation and evacuation involves two major steps. First, the cervix (the bottom part of the uterus) is dilated, or made bigger. This is often done about a day before the actual procedure. To dilate the cervix, a doctor may put special tools into the cervix. The cervix needs to be made larger so that medical tools, like forceps (surgical tongs) or a curette (a tool that is used to scrape away the lining of the uterus) can be put into the cervix.

The second step of the D&E procedure is to evacuate, or remove, everything inside of the uterus. The woman is given a local anesthetic to numb part of her body or a general anesthetic to put her to sleep. The doctor will then put a cannula (a medical tube) into the uterus, through the vagina. The cannula is attached to a bottle and a pump that create a vacuum. The cannula is used to vacuum (or suction) out everything that is in the uterus, including the fetus. 

The doctor may use forceps to take out any tissue that is still in the uterus. The doctor may also use a curette to scrape out the lining of the uterus. The vacuum can then be used again to make sure that the uterus is completely empty. This is to prevent infection from tissue left behind by accident.

If a woman is earlier on in her pregnancy, this procedure can sometimes be done without dilating the cervix first. This is called a "vacuum aspiration". It can be used for women who are in the first trimester (the first 12 weeks of pregnancy) or for women who are in the early stages of the second trimester. However, sometime during the second trimester, it becomes very difficult to do this procedure without dilating the cervix first. At this point, a full dilation and extraction is needed.

A complete D&E usually takes 10 to 20 minutes. Often, women are able to go home on the same day as the procedure, without staying overnight in a hospital.

Most abortions are done much earlier on in the pregnancy, so a full dilation and extraction is usually not needed.


Visual kei

Visual kei (aka visual rock) is a Japanese musical style that started in the late 1980s. Visual kei was influenced by glam rock. Visual kei artists use striking fashion and theatrical performances to highlight their music.

Early visual kei bands were strongly influenced by glam rock and heavy metal. Over time, visual kei has changed to meet the consumers' taste for music. Today, visual kei music includes goth, industrial, J-pop, and hip hop. Sometimes it is called "neo-visual kei".

Visual kei influenced the Goth lolita fashion trend. Visual kei artists often have wild dress, androgynous looks, jewelry, dyed hair, and thick make-up. Goth lolita dressers say that they are inspired by their favorite visual kei bands.

X Japan is widely seen as the first visual kei band. Other well-known bands that helped to increase visual kei's popularity include Malice Mizer, Luna Sea, and Dir en grey.


Dwarf hamster

The dwarf hamsters represent a group of small hamsters in the genus Phodopus. Although they do not belong to this genus, the Chinese hamster is often referred to as a dwarf hamster as well.

Although more limited in colour than the Syrian hamster, dwarf hamsters are an alternative to pet owners who enjoy a smaller, more sociable hamster. The dwarf hamster was discovered by W.C. Campbell in the early 1900's.

Damien Rice

Damien Rice (born 7 December 1973) is an Irish singer-songwriter, musician and record producer. He plays guitar, piano, clarinet and percussion. Some call his music Brit-pop (British pop music) but he says his music is alternative rock. He is known as a singer and song writer who wrote sad but beautiful songs for on popular movie and television programs. "The Blower's Daughter" is his representative song. It was used in the 2004 move "Closer". His music is often used in ice skating. Recently, Rice was given "special thanks" in the end credits of the Academy Award winning 2007 Irish musical movie "Once". The movie starred fellow Irish musician Glen Hansard.

He was born 7 December 1973 and raised in Celbridge, County Kildare Ireland. Before he started his own solo-career, he was a member of the rock band "Jupiter" which later became Bell X1. In this band, he released 2 singles and 1 album. However, Rice became disenchanted with the label and left the band to pursue a solo career. When he start his own career, he form a band with new members. For example, Lisa Hannigan is famous for featuring Damien Rice's songs like "Cold water", "9 crimes" and so on.

So far, he has released two studio albums: "O" in 2002, and "9" in 2006. And he also has released EPs "B side" in 2004. In 2002, his album was a strong commercial success and won the Shortlist Music Prize. After that, his second studio album "9" released not only in Ireland but also Europe and North America. 

Rice is also known for his charity work. He helped the Burma Campaign to free Burmese democracy movement leader Aung San Suu Kyi. Rice and Hannigan recorded a charity song, campaigning for her release, called "Unplayed Piano", which they performed at the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo. In 2008 he participated in a music album called Songs for Tibet which is an initiative to support Tibet and to underline the human rights situation in Tibet.

Entrena

Entrena is a municipality in the autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain. The population of the town is 1.488 (2009). Entrena is located near Logroño.

Brahui people

The Brahui people (Brahui: بروہی) are the only Dravidian ethnic group in Pakistan. There are around 2.2 million Brahuis, most live in Baluchistan and Afghanistan, where they are native. They are closely linked to the Balochs with whom they have intermingled, and whose cultural traits they have absorbed. The Brahui people are believed to be a remnant of the inhabitants of the Indus Valley Civilization. The Brahui language, also called Brahvi, is a Dravidian language.

DNA studies suggest that the Brahui are most closely related to the ancient Dravidian people, which are descedants of neolithic farmers inhabiting the area between the Zagros mountains area in modern-day Iran and Indus Valley Plains in Pakistan 

Chittagonian peoples

The Chittagonian peoples are groups of tribes and native aborigines living in the Chittagong Hill Tracts, consisting of the Tripuris, the Chakmas and various others inhabiting SE Bangladesh. In their overall complexion and facial features these peoples are more closely related to Burma and other South East Asian nations of Indo-China, gives the country a strong candidate to become a future member of ASEAN.

Chittagongian people speak the Chittagongian language, which is an Indo-Aryan language of Assamese-Bengali group. It is considered a dialect of Bengali by the Bangladeshi government though they are not mutually intelligible.

They live in the Chittagong division of south-eastern Bangladesh. They are predominantly Theraveda Buddhist, but there are sizeable Hindus and due to influx of people from Bangladesh’s other parts Muslims are now consisting the largest minority of the region.

The Indian tricolour was hoisted in Rangamati for 3 days, but was put down by the Pakistani government( Then Bangladesh was under Pakistan as East Pakistan)

Shan

Shan may refer to:




International Year of Astronomy

The year 2009 was named The International Year of Astronomy by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) and UNESCO. It was a celebration of astronomy around the world with 141 countries taking part. "The Universe, Yours to Discover" was the official slogan. The idea was to promote astronomy worldwide and get young people interested in it. The year 2009 is special to astronomers, as it is the 400th anniversary since the first astronomical telescope by Galileo Galilei was used. 

Activities run during the year included observatory tours, shows, and photograph displays. People could get involved in many of these activities online with a computer.

Shan people

The Shan peoples (Shan: ; IPA: [tɑ́ɪ], IPA: [ʃán lùmjóʊ]; Chinese: 掸族; pinyin: Shànzú；傣族) are a Tai ethnic group of South East Asia. The Shan live mostly in Shan State, Myanmar. These people have close religious ties and similarities with Bangladesh's Chittagonian peoples.

Marketing mix

The marketing mix is the combination of elements necessary to the planning and execution of a total marketing operation. The total marketing operation mainly consists of three processes: Analyzing the situation of companies, STP, and Marketing mix. Marketing managers first analyze the situation of the company and then conduct STP: Segmentation, Targeting, Positioning. In STP, they segment the market, choose the target market in which the company can have competitive advantages and determine what is to be their products' position in the market, and then they design the marketing mix. In the process, marketing managers should design an internally consistent and mutually supportive marketing mix.

It was specifically divided into the 4Ps: Product, Placement, Price and Promotion by E.Jerome McCarthy in 1960, and from then it has been dealt with various variables. These variables include not only goods and services but usage, value, image and so on.

In devising the marketing strategy it is usually said that getting a competitive advantage should be considered important than any other factors. Product and price is first determined. Decision-making about place and promotion is considered later after determining the strategic position of the products by comparing rival products and then giving relative quality of products, price of products to the market. 


Infiltration tactics

Willy Rohr developed successful in 1915 the "Shock-Troops-Taktiks" in the Western Front. They had been used in the Battle of Verdun. His Bataillon became independent and was first named as "Sturmbataillon Rohr" and became about one year later renamed by the "Prussian Minister of War" to "Sturm-Bataillon Nr. 5 (Rohr)".

Oskar von Hutier was another one of Germany's most successful and innovative generals of World War I. He did the same for the Eastern Front

After rising to army command early in 1917, Hutier began to apply the lessons learned from his three years of commanding troops, along with his study of tactics used by other armies. He devised a new strategy for the Germans to break the stalemate of trench warfare. These tactics were to prove so successful in 1917 and 1918 that the French dubbed them "Hutier tactics", although the more commonly used term today is "infiltration tactics".
In the Spring Offensive of 1918 the first of five parts was called Michael. At the beginning on 21 March 1918, they took three armies, for a total of 42 divisions. The aim was to break through the salient at the junction point between the French forces (south) and the English (north), with operations between Bapaume and Saint Simon, intending to then create a wedge between the two contingents, pushing the British Expeditionary Force out towards the sea. On the first day the defensive lines were already smashed against both Allies, and the Germans completely succeeded in advancing 65 kilometers long into a salient of approximately 80 km. In their sweeping advance the German troops met greater resistance against the English than the French. But although the Germans were successful at first, after a few days the German offensive was suddenly exhausted, and beginning March 27, when the French began to engage their strategic reserve near Amiens, the Germans had no more substantial territorial gain. So the Germans failed to achieve a strategically important victory, and indeed, it had lengthened the battle line and created a salient exposed to Allied counter-offensives.

Clarity Act

The Clarity Act (known as Bill C-20 before it became law) was a law passed by Canadian Government in 1999.


Nell

Nell (Hangul: ) is a South Korean alternative rock band. They formed in 1999, but debuted in 2001. It consists of Kim Jong-wan, Lee-Jae-kyung and Lee Jung-hun. Jung Jae-won was the fourth member, but he left the band in June 2003. The band's name comes from a 1994 movie of the same name. Nell is one of the few rock bands who gained mainstream popularity in South Korea. They also have been nominated for several musical awards.

Nell was formed in 1999. They began playing at live clubs around Hongik University, and were spotted by Seo tai ji, who signed them to his private record company. In July 2006, Nell left Seo Tai Ji Company and joined Woolim Entertainment.

Nell is one of the few rock bands that have achieved mainstream success in the country. Their 2007 'Welcome Home' tour sold out in two minutes. Nell has also participated in the annual ETPFEST in 2002, and the Myspace Secret Show November 28th, 2008.

The band stopped performing after their nomination at the Golden Disk Awards on December 11th, 2008, because of the members' departure for the compulsory South Korean military service. The band got back together with "Slip Away" when their term was over.

Current members

Past members
Indie
Major



Mongolian hamster

The Mongolian hamster ("Allocricetulus curtatus") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family. It is found in China and Mongolia.

Tibetan dwarf hamster

The Tibetan dwarf hamster ("Cricetulus alticola") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family. It is found in China, India, and Nepal.

Lee Chang-dong

Lee Chang-dong (born July 4, 1954) is a South Korean movie director, screenwriter and novelist. He won the 2008 Special Director's Prize at the Asian Film Awards and has been nominated for the Golden Lion and Palme d'Or. Lee was South Korea's Minister of Culture and Tourism from 2003 to 2004.

He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu. After a teaching Korean Language in high school using his major, he established himself as a renowned novelist. Later in his career, to the surprise of many, he turned to movie making.

Lee did not study movie making before starting movie making. He penned two screenplays, Park Kwang-su's "To the Starry Island" in 1993 and "A Single Spark" in 1995. Lee then directed "Green Fish" in 1997.

In 2000, Lee made "Peppermint Candy". It is a story following a single man in reverse chronology through 20 years of South Korean history. All of his movies have received critical acclaim and awards. "Oasis", a story involving a mentally ill man and a woman with cerebral palsy, won the prestigious Director's Award at the 2003 Venice Film Festival.

He is very good at expressing the plain life of ordinary people on the screen. He also maintains popularity even though sometimes he makes stories about serious social problems.

He served as the minister of Culture and Tourism in the South Korean Government from 2003 to 2004.










The Hallé

The Hallé is an orchestra based in Manchester, England. It is the UK's oldest symphony orchestra and the fourth oldest in the world. Since 1996 its home is in the Bridgewater Hall, Manchester.

The orchestra gave its first concert on 30 January 1858. It had been started by Hallé the year before to play at an exhibition. The orchestra gave its concerts in the Free Trade Hall.

One of the most famous conductors the orchestra had was Hans Richter who was music director from 1899 to 1911. During this time the orchestra gave the first performance of "Symphony No. 1" by Sir Edward Elgar.

The orchestra suffered during the economic crisis of the 1930s and when World War II started. At that time it was sharing many of its players with the BBC. There were only 30 players left. A new conductor was appointed in 1943: John Barbirolli. He was the musical director for 27 years. During this time the orchestra rose to international fame. 

Kent Nagano was principal conductor of the orchestra from 1992 to 1999. The orchestra moved from the Free Trade Hall to the Bridgewater Hall in 1996. Nagano was criticized for putting on concerts that cost a lot of money, and charging high fees for himself. The orchestra started to be in financial problems and nearly went bankrupt. Then changes were made and the orchestra were more secure financially.

In September 2000, Mark Elder took over as musical director. He has made the orchestra into an excellent orchestra again.

In 2006 a new job of guest conductor was given to Cristian Mandeal. From 2009 the guest conductor will be Markus Stenz. The leader of the orchestra is Lyn Fletcher.

The Hallé also has a choir which was started in 1858 by Sir Charles Hallé. They give about twenty concerts a year. Their conductor is James Burton who also conducts the Hallé Youth Choir. There is a Hallé Youth Orchestra which is conducted by Ewa Strusinska. There is now also a Hallé Children’s Choir, conducted by Shirley Court. The Hallé also have their own CD label since 2008.



Turkish hamster

The Turkish hamster ("Mesocricetus brandti") is a species of hamster closely related to the Syrian hamster. It is used as a laboratory animal in scientific research, but is not widely available on the pet market.

Romanian hamster

The Romanian hamster ("Mesocricetus newtoni") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family. It is found in Bulgaria and Romania.

Chinese striped hamster

The Chinese striped hamster ("Cricetulus barabensis"), also known as the striped dwarf hamster, is a species of hamster. It is distributed across northern Asia, from southern Siberia through Mongolia and northeastern China to northern North Korea.
Kam dwarf hamster

The Kam dwarf hamster ("Cricetulus kamensis") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family. It is found only in China.

Samaritans

The Samaritans are a group of people who live in the Levant. Samaritans believe in the same one God of Judaism, but use only the Torah as text.

There are more than 800 Samaritans. Most of them live in Holon and Nablus.


Archived. https://web.archive.org/web/20080512075303/http://www.jtsa.edu/prebuilt/exhib/scrips/index.shtml

https://archive.today/20130626180151/http://www.jtsa.edu/prebuilt/exhib/scrips/index.shtml

Indian religions

Indian religions or Indic religions are religions that originated from the Indian subcontinent. Dharma is an idea common to many of these religions.

The following religions are based on the ideology of Dharma:

The following religions are not necessarily based on the concept of Dharma and have their own ideologies:

The Red Queen

The Red Queen is the name of an evolutionary theory of Leigh Van Valen and, later, a book by Matt Ridley.

The term is taken from the Red Queen's race in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass". The Red Queen said, "It takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place." The Red Queen principle can be stated as follows:

The hypothesis is used to explain two different phenomena: the advantage of sexual reproduction at the level of individuals, and the constant evolutionary arms race between competing species.

The book takes Van Valen's idea, which is about co-evolution, and extends it into a discussion about sexual selection in humans. It argues that few aspects of human nature can be understood apart from sex, since human nature is a product of evolution, and evolution in our case is driven by sexual selection.

Sex is an evolutionary puzzle. In most sexual species, males make up half the population, yet they bear no offspring directly and generally contribute little to the survival of offspring. In birds and mammals that idea seems less true. They often help protect females, and help in some way after the young are born. Therefore these males definitely do help in the survival of their offspring. But sexual reproduction is very common in simpler forms of life, where the males have nothing to do with their offspring.

In human paleolithic populations, males were no doubt vital for hunting and protection. Many bird species rear the young jointly. However, most invertebrate species are not raised by parents at all, with larvae developing amongst the plankton. In addition, males and females in many vertebrate species spend resources to attract and compete for mates. Sexual selection may appear to favor traits that may reduce the fitness of an organism, such as brightly colored plumage in birds of paradise, which makes them more visible to predators. Thus, sexual reproduction appears to be highly inefficient.

The book begins with an evolutionary account of sex itself, defending the theory that sex flourishes, despite its costs, because a mixed heritage confers to each generation a defensive "head start" against parasites and disease. The basic reason for this is the way sexual reproduction increases the genetic variety in a population. This greatly increases the chance of at least some individuals surviving the onslaught of predators, parasites and diseases. This much is common ground amongst evolutionary theorists.

Ridley then argues that human intelligence is largely a result of sexual selection. He argues that human intelligence far outstrips any need for survival (this is not generally agreed). He says our intelligence is like the peacock's tail, a product of sexual selection. Human intelligence, he suggests, is used primarily to attract mates through prodigious displays of wit, charm, inventiveness, and individuality. This view of intelligence is also supported by Geoffrey Miller. The history of ideas on sexual selection and the evolution of sex is discussed by Helena Cronin.

Lembit Oll

Lembit Oll (23 April 1966 – Tallinn, 17 May 1999) was an Estonian chess grandmaster. He was already successful as a junior, becoming champion of Estonia in 1982 and junior champion of the Soviet Union in 1984. He also won multiple European and World junior championships. The FIDE awarded him the IM-title in 1983 and the GM-title in 1992. From that moment, he regularly played for Estonia during Chess Olympiads and European teamchampionships. Early 1998 he reached his highest rating on the FIDE rating list: 2655.
He played his last tournament in 1999 in Nova Gorica reaching a shared 2nd position.

Oll, who was married, fell into severe depressions after he divorced. He jumped out of the window of his house on the fifth floor and did not survive. Despite his personal problems, he still held the 42nd place on the world ranking list at that time. He was buried in Tallinn. His grave is not far from that of Paul Keres, another famous chess player.


Matryoshka

Matryoshka (Russian: матрёшка) is a traditional Russian doll made of wood and painted with colorful ornaments. This doll is one of the most popular souvenirs in Russia. It is also widely distributed abroad under different names such as “Aunt Olga,” “Babushka” or “Mommy doll.” Although Matryoshka is called a doll it is actually a set of dolls of different sizes placed one in another. The reason for that lies behind the name “Matryoshkг.” The name "Matryoshka" came from the traditional Russian name "Matryona". This name was associated with motherhood and fertility. The biggest doll symbolizes “mother” with her numerous “doll” family.

Novak Djokovic

Novak Djokovic (born 22 May 1987) is a Serbian professional tennis player.
Djokovic has won a record 24 Grand Slam singles titles: the 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2023 Australian Open, the 2016, 2021 and 2023 French Open, the 2011, 2014, 2015, 2018, 2019, 2021 and 2022 Wimbledon Championships as well as the 2011, 2015, 2018, and 2023 US Open. He is the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four Grand Slam tournaments at the same time. He is the third player after Roy Emerson and Rod Laver to win each Grand Slam tournament at least two times, and the first to win each at least three times.

Djokovic was ranked No. 1 in the world for the first time on 4 July 2011. His longest streak at No. 1 was 122 weeks, from 7 July 2014 until 6 November 2016. On 8 March 2021 he reached 311 total weeks at No. 1, which broke the ATP record by Roger Federer. As of 2023, his record is 390 weeks.

He won the ATP Tour Finals in 2008, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2022, and helped Serbia win the Davis Cup in 2010. He won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He has won a record 39 Masters 1000 series titles, and a single season record six Masters 1000 titles in 2015.

Many tennis critics and former and current players consider Djokovic to be among the greatest tennis players of all time. Djokovic was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year in 2012, 2015, 2016 and 2019.

This table shows Djokovic's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.


On the 6

On the 6 is the debut studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. The album's title refers to a time when Jennifer lived in the Bronx. The label released five singles to promote the album.

J.Lo

J.Lo is the second studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on January 22, 2001 by Epic Records and became her best-selling album. Epic Records released 4 singles to promote the album.

The album was re-released in July 2001. It contained three bonus tracks. Due to usage of slurs such as "nigga", "bitch" and "fuck" in "I'm Real (Murder Remix)", the re-edition has been released with 'Parental Advisory' sticker. Also the album has been released without label, despite strong language and sexual content.






FIDE

FIDE (Fédération Internationale des Échecs) is the world chess organisation. All national federations are members. It decides matters like World Championships and changes in rules of the game.

FIDE was founded on 20 July 1924 in Paris, France. However, it had little influence until the end of World War II. The reigning world champion at that time, Alexander Alekhine, did not want to have anything to do with it. He regarded the world title as his personal property. This only changed when he died with the title, in 1946 (no other champion has ever died while holding the title). It was obvious that some method was needed to find a new champion. FIDE stepped in and, with Russian backing, put forward a solution. The strong Soviet Chess Federation only joined FIDE in 1946. It had a great influence, with resources and many young strong players.

In 1948 a tournament was organized to determine which of the world top players was entitled to call himself World Champion. The death of Alekhine had left a vacuum. Two previous champions, Emanuel Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca had died in the late 1930s. It was clear that a new champion would come from the younger players.

The six players chosen by FIDE were:
In the end, Reuben Fine dropped out, and the other five contested the event. Mikhail Botvinnik won the tournament and became the new world champion.

In 1950 the FIDE awarded its first IM ("International Master") and GM ("International Grandmaster") titles. However it was not until 1957 that FIDE formulated clear criteria to award these titles. In 1970 a new ranking system, the Elo-rating, was introduced.

With the collapse of the Soviet Union FIDE lost a powerful partner. This resulted in a long period of trouble. In 1993 worldchampion Gary Kasparov and his challenger Nigel Short left FIDE. They founded their own organisation for professional top players, the PCA ("Professional Chess Association"). So now there were two worldchampions: one from FIDE and one from the PCA. 

It was not until 2006 that the dust settled down and a re-unification match between Vladimir Kramnik and Veselin Topalov took place. In 1999 FIDE was recognised by the International Olympic Committee. In 2001 FIDE played by anti-doping rules, trying to make chess for like a candidate for the Olympic Games.


Chess master titles

A Master in chess is a player who is awarded a master title by the world chess organisation FIDE, or by a national chess organisation. The term was used for a long time to describe someone who was accepted as an expert player, but it now has an official meaning.

Grandmaster is a chess title for even stronger players. The title comes from the word in Middle French: "Grand maistre". It was the title given to the head of an Order of Knights, such as the Knights Templar or the Teutonic Knights. Its first use in chess is a comment in the periodical "Bell's Life" (18 February 1838) referring to William Lewis as "our past grandmaster".

FIDE titles were first awarded in 1950.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press. </ref> There are four levels of mastery. There are detailed rules as to the number of games played at a given level, and the full rules are quite lengthy. Some countries go with this system entirely, but others have their own system as well.

Once awarded a title, the player keeps it for life.

In order of merit, with official abbreviations, they are:

There are also women-only titles:

It can be seen that a woman grandmaster is a lower standard than an international master. The purpose of women-only titles is to encourage female players, because there are few female players in the game.

A grandmaster is the highest title that a player can get, except becoming a world champion. It is given by the world chess organisation, FIDE.

Meeting the demands is not easy. To become a grandmaster, a player has to play at least 27 games with at least two grandmaster-results. In practice this means achieving at least three grandmaster-results or "norms". The tournament rating must be 2600 at least. Besides this, a player's own FIDE rating must be at least 2500. Men and women can earn the GM-title by meeting the demands.

A chessplayer who is already an IM (international master) will simply become grandmaster, but it is not necessary to get the IM title first.

As chess became more popular in the second half of the 19th century, the term began to be given out by organizations. For example, in Germany, there arose an annual sponsored tournament, the "Hauptturnier", the winners of which were awarded the title of "Meister". Emanuel Lasker, who later became World Champion, first earned a master title in one such tournament. The Soviet Union had a system of national candidate masters, masters and grandmasters before World War II, and its satellite countries in eastern Europe followed suit after the war. 
In the United States, the title of "National Master" is awarded for life, regardless of whether his rating goes below 2200 later. In August 2002, the USCF (United States Chess Federation) decided that "Any USCF member, who has had a normal post-tournament rating of 2200 or higher, has demonstrated a significant level of chess ability and thought, and is automatically awarded the lifetime title of National Master".



Pungmul

Pungmul is a Korean traditional music. It includes drumming, dancing, and singing. Most performances are outside, with tens of players, all in constant motion. Pungmul is rooted in the dure farming culture. It was originally played as part of farm work, on rural holidays, at other village community-building events, and in shamanistic and Buddhistic rituals. Pungmul performers wear very gorgeous costumes. A flowery version of the Buddhist kkokkal is the most common headdress. Advanced performers sometimes wear sangmo, which are hats with long ribbons attached to them that players can spin and flip in intricate patterns by moving their heads.

Drumming is the most important element of Pungmul. Each group is led by a kkwaenggwari (small handheld gong) player, and includes at least one person playing janggu (hourglass drum), buk (barrel drum), and jing (gong). Wind instruments (t'aepyongso and nabal) are sometimes played along with the drummers. Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo (a small drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate choreography. Finally, japsaek (actors) dressed as caricatures of traditional village roles wander around to engage spectators, blurring the boundary between performers and audience. Minyo (Korean traditional chants) are performed in Pungmul sometimes, and audience members enthusiastically sing and dance along. Most Minyo are set to drum beats in one of a few jangdan (rhythmic patterns) that are common to Pungmul, Sanjo, P'ansori, and other traditional Korean musical genres.

Afro

The afro is a type of hairstyle that is noted for its large size. The hair is curled out, forming a ball shape. For some people, this is how their hair grows because it is naturally curly. Not all beauty salons can offer this hairstyle, though.

It is called the afro because most people who can grow an afro naturally have ancestors from Africa. The afro became popular among Civil Rights activists in the 1960s in the United States. They were tired of white people's hair and bodies being called beautiful and black people's hair and bodies being called ugly. So they grew their hair into afros on purpose. The afro became less popular in the middle of the 1970s through the late 1990s. Then it came back with the natural hair movement. In the 1960s, wearing an afro was seen as a political choice, but in the 21st century it can also be just a style choice. Some people wear an afro only because they do not want to straighten their hair with hot tools or chemicals.

An afro can be any length, short or long, but it is different for everyone, especially depending on the person's race and ethnicity. Europeans and Asians will tend to have wavier, looser curls, so they usually cannot grow natural afros. Some people say it is in poor taste or bad manners for a white person to call their hairstyle an "afro" because that cuts the afro off from its history as a way black people showed their hair could be beautiful even when white-majority cultures said it wasn't. Some Jewish people also can naturally grow afros, because of their curly hair. These hairstyles are often called "Jewfros."

The afro needs care. In a 2015 interview in "Glamour", Dr. Rolanda Wilkerson of Pantene said people with afros should wash their hair once a week instead of every day, air-dry instead of using a hair dryer, and moisturize.

Unconscious mind

The unconscious mind is thought to be a deeper part of a person's mind that works without that person knowing it. Feelings, thoughts, desires or emotions appear to come out of nowhere, leaving the person to question where they came from.

The unconscious mind is a term coined by the 18th century German romantic philosopher Friedrich Schelling and later introduced into English by the poet and essayist Samuel Taylor Coleridge. It is, however, an ancient idea which has been noticed in many civilisations and cultures. Also, whether other mammals have similar mental mechanisms to man is also a question with a considerable history.

The unconscious mind plays a large role in Sigmund Freud's psychoanalysis. He discussed the importance of the unconscious mind in understanding conscious thought and behaviour.

However, the unconscious was not discovered by Freud. Historian of psychology Mark Altschule concluded, "It is difficult—or perhaps impossible—to find a nineteenth-century psychologist or psychiatrist who did not recognize unconscious thought as not only real but of the highest importance".

Freud's advance was not to uncover the unconscious but to devise a method for systematically studying it. However, his method is controversial, and so are the rest of his ideas. Freud called dreams the "royal road to the unconscious". He developed his idea in "The Interpretation of Dreams" (1899). The preconscious was described as a layer between conscious and unconscious thought; its contents could be accessed with a little effort. A key feature of the unconscious is what he called 'repression'. Freud believed that many people repress painful memories deep into their unconscious mind.

The adaptive unconscious is a set of unconscious mental processes influencing judgment and decision making. It is different from conscious processing: it is faster, effortless, more focused on the present, but less flexible.

In other theories of the mind, the unconscious is limited to "low-level" activity, such as carrying out goals which have been decided consciously. In contrast, the adaptive unconscious is thought to be involved in "high-level" cognition such as goal-setting as well.

The term 'adaptive unconscious' suggests it has survival value and hence is an adaptation which was strongly selected in the past. Indeed, for much of vertebrate evolution, all mental activity was unconscious. No-one supposes that fish have consciousness. Thus our consciousness is added to an already-existing set of mechanisms which operate but whose operation is normally not felt by us.

Andrew Rivkin

Andrew Rivkin (born May 31, 1969) is a Canadian entrepreneur. He co-founded Cryptologic Inc
, which was one of the first online gambling software companies. He also co-founded Fun Technologies which is one of the largest online skill gaming provider worldwide. Andrew is an avid polo player, member of the Toronto Polo Club. He is also listed as a donor to the Mount Sinai Hospital of Toronto.

Roborovski hamster

Roborovski hamsters ("Phodopus roborovskii") are the smallest of all hamsters commonly kept as pets. Roborovski hamsters live in the wild around the Gobi Desert, throughout Mongolia's desert steppe and parts of northern China. Robo hamsters, as they are commonly called, are also extremly fast. Because of their size wired cages are not suitable for them

Palmengarten

The Palmengarten is one of two botanical gardens in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It is in the city area Westend-Nord.

The garden was privately paid for and built by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer. Work was done in 1871 and the garden opened to the public. One special visit was from the American entertainer Buffalo Bill. Buffalo Bill performed his Western show at the garden in 1890. In 1931, it was placed in the care of the city of Frankfurt. Control of the garden was later moved to the American occupation authorities after World War II. When the Palmengarten was returned to the city's control in the 1960s, a major rebuilding started. The halls that were destroyed in the war were redeveloped and expanded. In 1992, the reconstruction finished and the Palmengarten showed in its new form.

Next to the area of the Palmengarten is the Frankfurt Botanical Garden, which belongs to the biology department of Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität Frankfurt.

The botanical exhibits are placed according to their start in free-air or climate controlled greenhouses, which also contain many tropical and subtropical plants.

With , it is the biggest garden of its kind in Germany.


Jeju-do

Jeju-do (Korean for "Jeju Province") is a province in South Korea. Most of Jeju Province is Jeju Island, which is the largest island in South Korea. The island was created as a result of a volcanic eruption. Jeju-do is in the southern part of South Korea. Many people visit this island on honeymoon or to sight-see. Because Jeju-do is in the southern part of South Korea, it's warmer than the rest of South Korea.

Jejudo has exotic views and fruits compared to other places in South Korea. A few things it is famous for are Jeonbokjuk (a kind of congee made of abalone) and Dekopon. Hallasan, the highest mountain in South Korea, is at the center of Jeju-do. The Natural World Heritage Site Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes is also on the island.

From ancient times, Jeju-do has been said to have plenty of women, winds, and stones.

Jeju-do is the only special autonomous province in South Korea. It was established on July 1, 2006. Before that, it had been an independent province since 1946. During the Japanese occupation of Korea, Jeju was called Jeju Myeon and considered part of South Jeolla Province.

In the middle of the 20th century, the Korean War divided Korea into two countries, North Korea and South Korea. In 1948, there was an uprising on Jeju Island. The government of what would become South Korea burned down most of the villages on Jeju Island and killed 30,000 people. People disagree about exactly what happened and why. Some people say the government was trying to stop Communists and other people say the Jeju Islanders who were killed were rebels who didn't want the country cut into two pieces. In 2003, the government of South Korea apologized.

Many television shows, for example "Dae Jang Geum", are filmed in Jejudo.

The people who live in Jeju Province do not speak exactly the same type of Korean as other Koreans. The Jeju dialect is recognized as a separate language, the Jeju language. Women have been an important part of family economics in Jeju-do. People on Jeju-do tie some ropes over their roof so that it can withstand strong winds. Jeju island is based on basalt. Because basalt has many holes, people had trouble with getting water to drink. As a result, they used Heobeok to carry water.

There are many doll hareubang basalt sculptures on Jeju. This is "stone grandfather" in English. They are made out of basalt stone.

Haenyo is the professional job of getting seafood. Most haenyo divers are women. They can hold their breath for two minutes and dive to 20 meters to collect abalone, oysters, and other edible animals.

Millions of tourists visit Jejudo every year, 14.4 million in 2019, and they leave large amounts of garbage behind. Environmentalists say that too much of Jejudo has been made into roads, buildings and golf courses for the visitors. Some of the residents of Jejudo do not like that there are so many tourists because they use up the water and leave garbage on the beaches. Because many of the restaurants and hotels are owned by people from China, locals do not always get much money from visitors

Las Cruces, New Mexico

Las Cruces is the second largest city in the American state of New Mexico. The current population is about 110,000. The city is known for its large Urban Renewal Project that tore down much of its historic Main Street area.

The main campus of New Mexico State University is in Las Cruces.


Rio Rancho, New Mexico

Rio Rancho is the largest city in Sandoval County and third largest city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. A suburb of Albuquerque, it is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area. 


Watford tube station

Watford tube station is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground's Metropolitan line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7, previously zone A.

There are plans to close this station when a new line to Watford Junction railway station opens, called the Croxley Rail Link, by 2020.

Ha Seung-jin

Ha Seung-Jin (; Hanja 河昇鎮, born 4 August 1985) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as a basketball player. He has played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers. He was the first Korean to play basketball in the NBA.

Ha was born in Seoul. His father was a member of the national basketball team and his older sister is a member of the national basketball team. His height was 2.18 m in middle school when he won the championship. Lots of universities wanted Seung-Jin to sign with their school. He decided to play for Yonsei University and won the university championship with them. He decided to go pro and signed with the Portland Trail Blazers in 2004.

His NBA career was short due to his low basic skills. So he decided to go back to Korea and enter the Korean Basketball League in 2008.

J to tha L-O!: The Remixes

J to tha L-O!: The Remixes is a remix album American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It's her first remix album and her first of two albums to be released in 2002. It was the first remix album to debut at the top of Billboard 200. It was one of the best-selling remix albums of all the time. Album sold more than three million copies.



This Is Me... Then

This Is Me... Then is the third studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released in November 2002. The album debuted at number six on Billboard 200. t has sold 2.5 million copies in the United States and over five million copies worldwide. On November 26, 2022, Lopez announced a sequel to the album called "This Is Me... Now" due to be released February 16, 2024.


Rebirth (Jennifer Lopez album)

Rebirth is the fourth studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. Epic Records released two singles to promote the album. They scheduled to release three singles, but after the success of "Hold You Down", they decided not to release "Cherry Pie".




Includes a DVD featuring the entire album in enhanced stereo plus the contents below:



Como Ama una Mujer

Como Ama una Mujer () is the first full-length Spanish-language studio album, and fifth studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. The album was mainly produced by Colombian composers Julio Reyes and Estéfano.

In 2004 Lopez worked on a song with her husband Marc Anthony called "Escapémonos". She enjoyed working on the song so much that she decided to record a full-length Spanish album; something she had wanted to do for years.




El Cantante (soundtrack)

El Cantante () is the soundtrack to the motion picture of the same name by American recording artists Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez. It was released on July 24, 2007 by Sony BMG. The entire album, except for the last track "Toma de Mí", is a cover album of songs originally written and recorded by the famous Puerto Rican salsa icon Héctor Lavoe.



Brave (Jennifer Lopez album)

Brave is the sixth studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on October 6, 2007 by Epic Records. It is Lopez's fifth English-language studio album. It debuted at number twelve on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 with 53,000 copies sold in its first week. It became Lopez's least successful album to date, selling just 600,000 units worldwide to date.




Includes exclusive fan package with T-shirt.

Includes exclusive free calendar.


Jennifer Lopez: Feelin' So Good

Feelin' So Good is the first video album by American recording artist and actress Jennifer Lopez. It was first released in the United States on DVD and VHS on November 7, 2000 by SMV Enterprises, the home media division of Sony's music and entertainment label Sony Music Entertainment. Executively produced by Lopez alongside Cory Rooney and Benny Medina, "Feelin' So Good" provides a documentary-style look at the launch of Lopez's music career. With a run time of one hour, it contains a mixture of interviews, behind-the-scenes footage, music videos and live performances. The interview segments of "Feelin' So Good" were conducted by Lopez's sister Lynda, who interviews not only Lopez, but also her mother, Medina and her future husband Marc Anthony.

"Feelin' So Good" received generally favorable reviews from critics, although it was noted that it would be of no interest to those who were not fans of Lopez. It was additionally praised for showing Lopez's transition from her acting career to a music career. In the United States, "Feelin' So Good" was certified as a Gold Video Longform by the RIAA for shipments of 50,000 units.

From a young age, Lopez's Puerto Rican parents stressed the importance of work ethic and being able to speak English. They encouraged their three daughters to put on performances at home, singing and dancing in front of each other and their friends so that they would stay "out of trouble". While attending her final year of high school, Lopez learned about a film casting that was seeking several teenage girls for small roles. She auditioned and was cast in "My Little Girl" (1986), an low-budget film co-written and directed by Connie Kaiserman. After she finished filming her role in the film, Lopez knew that she wanted to become a "famous movie star". She told her parents this, but they ensisted that it was a "really stupid" idea and that "no Latinos did that". Their disagreements led Lopez to move out of their family home and into an apartment in Manhattan. During this period, Lopez performed in regional productions of several musicals, before being hired for the chorus in a musical that toured Europe for five months. She was unhappy with the role, as she was the only member of the chorus not to have a solo. From there, she got a job on the show "Synchronicity" in Japan, where she acted as a dancer, singer and a choreographer. Lopez then gained her first regular high-profile job as a Fly Girl dancer on the television comedy program "In Living Color". She moved to Los Angeles with then-boyfriend David Cruz to film the series and remained a regular cast member until 1993 when she decided to pursue an acting career.

After a series of co-starring film roles, Lopez received her big break in 1996, when she was cast to play the title role in "Selena", a biopic of the late American singer-songwriter Selena. In the film, Selena's real voice is used for the musical sequences in Selena, but Lopez would nonetheless sing the lyrics during the scenes instead of lip synching. When asked by an interview if "Selena" inspired her to launch a music career, Lopez stated: "I really, really became inspired, because I started my career in musical theater on stage. So doing the movie just reminded me of how much I missed singing, dancing, and the like..." After filming Selena, Lopez was "really feeling [her] Latin roots" and cut a demo in Spanish. Lopez's manager then sent the song, entitled "Vivir Sin Ti", to Sony Music Entertainment's Work Records, who showed an interest in signing Lopez. Tommy Mottola, the head of the label suggested to her that she sing in English instead. She complied and began recording her debut studio album "On the 6".

During production of the "On the 6", Lopez was aware of the fact that she received her recording contract on the premise of her looks and having an already established name in the entertainment industry, and wanted to prove that she had musical talent. Prior to the debut of her music, critics wondered why she would take the risk of launching a music career. It was noted that: "If the album was a flop, not only would it embarrass Lopez, but it might even damage her career." Lopez's debut single "If You Had My Love" was serviced to radio in the United States on May 4, 1999. The song debuted at 72 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week of May 15, 1999, and entered the top ten two weeks later. A month after the single's release, it moved to number six, earning the "Greatest Gainer" title of the week, and reached the top spot on June 12, 1999. Lopez became the first artist to top the "Billboard" Hot 100 with their debut single since Britney Spears did with her single "...Baby One More Time" four months prior. "If You Had My Love" stayed atop the "Billboard" Hot 100 for a period of a month, and remained in the top ten until September of 1999. "If You Had My Love" was also a success internationally; topping the charts in New Zealand, Australia, and Canada. The song also peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart and reached the top ten of seven other countries.

"No Me Ames", a duet with American recording artist Marc Anthony was released as a B-side to "If You Had My Love" and as the album's second single. The song was promoted by Sony Discos, who released a salsa and a ballad version of the song on their respective radio formats. The surprising success of both "If You Had My Love" and the album made the "popular actor even more popular". Both the music industry and the public became intrigued by "this woman who seemed to have so many different talents". Following the release of "If You Had My Love" and "No Me Ames", three additional singles were released. By the end of 1999, Lopez had successfully converted herself from a film star to a pop star.

"Rather than the usual collection", "Feelin' So Good" provides a documentary-style look at the launch of Lopez's music career. It contains a mixture of interviews, behind-the-scenes footage, music videos and live performances. The interview footage in-between the performance segments has been described as "very slick and promotional". It was also noted that in the interview footage Lopez "comes through energetically" and without "much star-ego". The video album provides very basic information about the singer's career, rather than going too much into detail. The release has been compared to the DVD releases of Mariah Carey. Cory Rooney and Lopez acted as album executive producers of the DVD, while Lopez acted as a video executive producer, alongside Benny Medina. Jeffrey Norskog acted as a video associate producer.

"Feelin' So Good" opens with a intertitle that features a behind-the-scenes look at Lopez during the artwork shoot for "On the 6", artist's proof of said photoshoot and brief clips of the music videos to the album's five singles. In the second chapter, "Why Risk a Music Career?", Lopez is interviewed by her sister Lynda Lopez, who oversees each interview segment, about the risks of starting a music career after having an already thriving movie career. Lopez then confers, in the chapter "Press Tours / Promotions", about the extensive promotional schedule she was on to promote the album. She examines the differences in promoting an album and a film, stating that promoting an album is more "personal" as it is something that is "closer to your heart" and something she "really believes in". According to Lopez, by the end of the promotional tour for the album she "lost" her voice from the amount of interviews she had. Following this, Lopez's performance of the Darkchild remix of "If You Had My Love" at the 1999 VH1 Fashion Awards is shown. In the fifth chapter, "Beginning of the Year", Lopez discusses her hectic schedule in the beginning of 1999; balancing film events and choosing the album's first single and shooting its music video. Lopez then goes into detail about the concept behind the music video of "If You Had My Love". Lopez then explains how her duet with Marc Anthony on "No Me Ames" came about and the concept of the video. Video footage is shown, as Lopez discusses her first ever live performance, with "No Me Ames", in April 1999 at Madison Square Garden alongside Marc Anthony. Following this, the official music video to "No Me Ames" is shown.

In the eleventh chapter of "Feelin' So Good", appropriately entitled "First Number One Single", Lopez reveals the moment when she found out that "If You Had My Love" went number one in the United States. Lopez reveals how she came to record "Let's Get Loud" and her performance of the song at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup is shown. In "Jennifer's Energy", Medina discusses Lopez's ability to work at late hours of the night. Her 1999 Billboard Music Awards performance of the Hex Hector remix of "Waiting for Tonight" is then shown. She explains how the Hex Hector remix of the song came about and the alternative music video that was created for it. A megamix video of the original and Hex Hector remix follows. The twentieth chapter, "Jennifer's Mom", is an interview with Lopez's mother discussing what was like to see Lopez on television for the first time. Lopez then discusses her surprise to the amount of fans she had and their dedication in "Fan Support". In "Working on Record", the twenty-second chapter of "Feelin' So Good", Lopez discusses the process of writing and recording the album. Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon on what it is like to work with her, before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of "If You Had My Love" is shown. Footage is then shown of Lopez "goofing around" during a photoshoot, before the music video to her song "Baila" is shown, for the very first time. In "Film Energy vs. Music Energy" Lopez compares the difference between the fans of her movies and of her music. In the final interview footage of "Feelin' So Good", Lopez explains the concept behind the music video of "Feelin' So Good" and why Big Pun and Fat Joe were chosen to be featured on the song. The music video is then shown and is faded out into the end credits.

Digitally remastered with Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound, the DVD edition of "Feelin' So Good" contains interactive menus and instant chapter access to songs. It also contains song lyrics and a biography of Lopez in both English and Spanish, as well as an exclusive photo gallery. Additionally, the video albums contains the music videos to Lopez's songs: "If You Had My Love", "Waiting for Tonight", "No Me Ames", "Feelin' So Good" and "Baila". It also contains four live televised performances by Lopez in 1999. First is her Blockbuster Movie Awards performance of "If You Had My Love", followed by her VH1 Fashion Awards performance of the Darkchild remix of "If You Had My Love". Then, her performance at the Billboard Music Awards of the Hex Hector remix of "Waiting for Tonight" and lastly her Woman's World Cup Finale performance of "Let's Get Loud".

"Feelin' So Good" was released on DVD and VHS formats in the United States on November 7, 2000 by SMV Enterprises, the home media division of Sony Corporation's music and entertainment label Sony Music Entertainment. It was then released in Canada the following week by CBS Video on DVD and VHS. In the United Kingdom, the video album received a DVD release on January 30, 2001 and a VHS release on April 30, 2001 by SMV Enterprises. "Jennifer Lopez: Feelin' So Good" was released on DVD in Japan on June 20, 2001 by Sony Music Records, and on DVD and VHS in France on April 8, 2002 by Sony BMG. The Region 1 cover features a black and white photo of Lopez during the photoshoot of "On the 6", while the Region 2 edition features a golden hue image also taken during the photoshoot of "On the 6". "Feelin' So Good" and "Let's Get Loud" were released as a two disc DVD set in France on October 20, 2003. "Jennifer Lopez: Feelin' So Good" was re-released on DVD in Japan on November 21, 2007.

"Feelin' So Good" received generally favorable reviews from critics. Perry Seibert of Allmusic awarded the DVD three out of five stars, commenting that fans of Lopez will "greatly enjoy this disc", but it carries little interest to the average DVD consumer. Aaron Beierle of DVD Talk stated that: "It's interesting to watch this disc after watching Lopez in "The Cell". I think it's been impressive to watch her mature as an actress; although much has been made of her supposedly demanding attitude, I think she's talented as not only a singer/dancer but as a dramatic actress – I'm sure a comedic role is right around the corner". The reviewer additionally stated that the most interesting segment of the release was the "Waiting for Tonight" music video. He concluded by stating that: "Although I'm not really a big fan of her music, I do appreciate it and found it enjoyable and entertaining to listen to throughout."


Let's Get Loud (DVD)

Let's Get Loud is the second DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez, released in February 2003 and recorded in Puerto Rico.


The Reel Me

The Reel Me is the third DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez. It was released in November 2003.



Como Ama una Mujer (miniseries)

The Jennifer Lopez produced dramatic mini-series "Como Ama Una Mujer" is Jennifer Lopez's first Spanish-Language TV Project. The five-part dramatic mini-series will debut on the Univision Television Network this fall.

The five episodes was released as a 2-Disc DVD set on December 18, 2007.

Jennifer Lopez expressed: 
An original production filmed in Mexico, "Como Ama Una Mujer" (How a Woman Loves) is inspired by the lyrics of Jennifer's first Spanish-language album of the same name released in 2007. At the end of each episode, Jennifer herself will perform the theme song that inspired that episode. The five part mini-series tells the story of a woman's journey to find her true soul-mate, but with her glamorous life and professional success come heartbreak.


Gravitational lensing

Gravitational lensing is caused by a massive body between a distant object and ourselves. It can create the appearance of two or more objects where there is really only one. The light from the object gets bent round the massive body in between.

The massive body, such as a galaxy or black hole, creates a very strong gravitational field in space. The exact nature of the effect depends on:

Albert Einstein predicted the possibility of gravitational lensing. The discovery that our Sun bends the light of distant objects when their light passes close to it was evidence that the general theory of relativity was correct.

There are three types of lensing:

Strong lensing betrays itself by producing multiple images from the same object. A well-known example is "Einstein's Cross" (Q2237+0305) at a distance of 8 billion lightyears. Here, the gravitational lens produces four images from the same object (a quasar), although it is only one object. The light of the quasar does not travel in a straight line to earth. Instead, it is bent along the gravitational field of a galaxy in front of it. This galaxy is at a distance of 400 million lightyears.

The first discovery of this kind (except the Sun) happened in 1979. Two quasars were close to each other. They both had the same spectrum and proved to be two images of the same quasar (Q0957+651). In 1980 scientists found out which group of galaxies functioned as the lens.

Weak lensing does not produce multiple images of the same object. Instead it produces a highly deformed or stretched image from an object far beyond the lens. In 1986 this was discovered in cluster Abell 370. Later it was understood that this was a greatly deformed image of a galaxy far beyond the cluster. 

The object can appear larger or smaller, as is shown in the table. Weak lenses allow us to observe very distant galaxies, which we would be unable to observe without such lens. By bending the light, the amount of light (magnitude) from the source increases. This way a very distant and faint galaxy can become visible, while we normally would not be able to observe it.

In cases of microlensing, there is no distortion in shape. However, the amount of light visible from an object changes periodically. This can be used to detect exoplanets. Light from a distant star is bent and enhanced by the gravitational field of a closer star. The presence of an exo-planet rotating around that closer star bends the light of the star farther away periodically. Object OGLE-2005-BLG-390-Lb, discovered 25 January 2006, is the first exoplanet detected by using microlensing.

Lasse Lindh

Lasse Lindh (born 27 March 1974) is a Swedish indie pop musician. His first album, "Bra", came out on EMI in 1998. It had three singles which made the charts in Sweden. Lindh began singing in English for his second album, "You Wake Up at Sea Tac" . The title is a reference to a line in "Fight Club". The album was released in 2002. Lindh's relationship with South Korea dates back to 2006. His songs "The Stuff" and "C'mon Through" were used in the MBC TV series "Soulmate". In 2014, his song "Run to You" was used in the SBS drama "Angel Eyes." In 2016-2017, his song "Hush" was used in the Korean drama "". His most recent album is in Swedish. Lindh has sang on the recordings of Club 8.

His most recent album is "Sparks". It was released in 2009.




Glen Hansard

Glen Hansard (born 21 April 1970 in Dublin, Ireland) is the main songwriter and singer/guitarist for Irish rock group The Frames. He is also known for starring in the movie "Once" and co-writing its Academy Award-winning song, "Falling Slowly."

Hansard quit school at age 13 to begin busking on local Dublin streets. He formed The Frames in 1990, and they have been an important part of the Irish music scene ever since. Their first album, "Another Love Song", was released on Island Records in 1991, and their most recent, "The Cost", was released in 2006.

Hansard first came to international attention as guitar player Outspan Foster in the 1991 Alan Parker movie "The Commitments", after attending the New York movie Academy School of Acting. He has often stated that he regretted taking the role, because he felt it distracted from his music career.

In 2003, he presented the television programme "", which showcased Irish music talent on RTÉ.

On 22 April 2006, he released his first album without The Frames, "The swell season", on Overcoat Recordings in collaboration with Czech singer and multi-instrumentalist Markéta Irglová, Marja Tuhkanen from Finland on violin and viola, and Bertrand Galen from France on cello. Hansard also spent part of 2006 in front of the cameras for a music-infused Irish movie "Once", in which Hansard plays a Dublin busker, and Irglová an immigrant street vendor. The movie had its American premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in 2007 and received the Festival's World Cinema Audience Award. During the promotional tour, he and Irglová began dating. Said Hansard about his relationship with Irglova: "I had been falling in love with her for a long time, but I kept telling myself she's just a kid". One of the songs they wrote together for the movie ("Falling Slowly") won an Oscar for Best Song in February 2008. Hansard became the first Irish-born person to win in that category. Hansard and Irglová also recorded a version of Bob Dylan's "You Ain't Goin' Nowhere" for the movie "I'm Not There" in 2007. In 2009, Hansard said that he and Irglova were no longer romantically linked, and that they are now "good friends."

Aside from his projects with The Frames and Irglová, Hansard also appeared as part of the band on the 2006 Oxfam charity album, "The Cake Sale". In addition, Hansard has recorded a few cover songs, both alone and with band member Colm Mac Con Iomaire, for the Today FM discs "Even Better than the Real Thing". Songs that he has recorded include Justin Timberlake's "Cry Me a River" on "Vol. 1" and Britney Spears' "Everytime" on "Vol. 2".

Outside music, he appeared on a "Simpsons" episode as a street musician in Ireland.

Hansard has remarked about his musical influences: "In my house, when I was a kid, there was the holy trinity, which was Leonard Cohen, Van Morrison and Bob Dylan with Bob sitting center."
Hansard and The Frames toured as the support act for Bob Dylan in Australia and New Zealand in August 2007 and Hansard often performs Van Morrison's songs in concert. "Into the Mystic" and "And the Healing Has Begun" were included on the collector's edition of the soundtrack for the movie "Once".

Ciscaucasian hamster

The Ciscaucasian hamster ("Mesocricetus raddei") is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family. It is found only in Russia and Georgia.

MacBook Pro

A MacBook Pro is a type of laptop computer made by "Apple Inc." It replaced the PowerBook G4 and was the second Intel model to be released. It runs macOS and comes with a built in webcam and microphone and a power adapter that is attached by magnets. MacBook Pros are housed in aluminum metal and are currently available in 13", 14" and 16" models.

The MacBook Pro was first introduced on January 2006 at the Macworld Expo. In June 2020, at the WWDC, Apple announced that Macs will be transitioning from Intel processsors to Apple silicon.

The first MacBook Pro was the 15" model, but a 17" model was released later that year. New models were released in late 2006, late 2007, early 2008, late 2008, and early 2009. In June 2009, a 13" model was added and the other sizes were also updated. The next updates happened in April 2010 and February 2011. Another update was released in June 2012, in which a new 15" model was introduced with a much higher display resolution (dubbed the Retina Display, meaning that it can display more pixels, creating a smoother image). However, Apple stopped making the 17" model.

In September 2016, Apple released the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, a strip that replaces function keys. It came in 13" and 15" models. Updates followed in mid 2017, mid 2018 and mid 2019. The 16-inch MacBook Pro, featuring Intel Core i7 or i9 processors, was released in November 2019. It replaced 15-inch MacBook Pro. In early 2020, 13-inch model had been updated with new 10th gen Intel Core and Intel Iris Plus graphics.

In November 2020, Apple made a move from Intel processors to Apple Silicon with 13-inch MacBook Pro. It features an 8-core CPU, 8-core graphics and 16-core Neural Engine. The battery life has been extended to 20 hours. However, Apple continued selling Intel-based MacBook Pro until October 2021, when the new 14- and 16-inch MacBook Pro with either M1 Pro or M1 Max processor has been released.

The new MacBook Pro has several features:

The aluminum unibody case makes the MacBook Pro lighter, polished, and stronger. On the left side of the computer, there is a button next to many indicator lights. This button will turn on the lights. They say how much battery power the computer has left. More lights on means more battery.

A built-in battery gives around 10 to 11 hours of power to Intel-based models and around 17 to 21 hours of power to Apple silicon models of the computer. This battery can be recharged up to 1,000 times, whereas typical notebooks can only be recharged 200 to 300 times.

The keyboard has curved and backlit keys.

The trackpad is the part of the laptop that is touch-sensitive. It allows the use to move the cursor on the screen by using their finger. The entire trackpad is also the trackpad button, adding more space to the trackpad. Right-click can be done with two fingers or using a right-click area. Some gestures (involving 2 or more fingers at once) are:


The 13-inch models have 256 GB SSD, all the way up to 2 TB. The 14-inch and 16-inch models have 512 GB SSD, all the way up to 8 TB. 

The CPUs in the computers are either Apple M1, Apple M1 Pro or Apple M1 Max. Previously, The MacBook Pro used Intel Core chips.

An SD card slot in the early 13" and 15" MacBook Pros, as well as the new 14" and 16" MacBook Pros, can be used to import photos from a camera or camcorder.

The GPU is intergrated into either Apple M1, Apple M1 Pro or Apple M1 Max chips. Previously, the MacBook Pro used Intel UHD Graphics, Intel Iris Plus or AMD Radeon Pro graphics.

The 13" MacBook Pro have 2 Thunderbolt 4 ports. The 14" and 16" MacBook Pro have three Thunderbolt 4 ports, Magsafe 3 and HDMI 2.0 ports, and a SD card reader and a 3.5 mm headphone jack.

The MacBook Pros have the following environmentally-friendly features:



Joan Bennett

Joan Geraldine Bennett (February 27, 1910 – December 7, 1990) was an Emmy-nominated American movie actress who appeared in more than 70 Hollywood movies from the silent era to talkies, from color to the advent of television and epic movies. She may be best known and loved for her film noir movies femme fatale roles in movies by director Fritz Lang.

Joan Bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career, first as a winsome blonde ingenue, then as a brunette femme fatale and, finally, as a warm-hearted wife/mother figure.

Born in Palisades, N.J., she was part of a famous theatrical family with a lineage dating back to traveling minstrels in 18th century England. Her father was actor Richard Bennett, her mother, actress Adrienne Morrison, and her sisters, actress Constance Bennett and dancer, Barbara Bennett. Joan first acted onstage with her father at age 18 and by 19 had become a movie star courtesy of her roles in such movies as "Bulldog Drummond" (1929) and "Disraeli" (1929). She moved quickly from movie to movie throughout the 1930s, appearing with John Barrymore in his version of "Moby Dick" (1930) and playing Amy to Katharine Hepburn's Jo in "Little Women" (1933). Of the three Bennett sisters, Joan would achieve the greatest fame.

Contracted to 20th Century Fox, Joan Bennett appeared as a blonde ingenue in several movies including "Puttin' on the Ritz" in 1930 and "Me and My Gal" in 1932, before leaving this studio to appear in "Little Women" (1933). The latter movie brought Bennett to the attention of producer Walter Wanger, who signed her to a contract and eventually (in 1940) married her. 

Wanger managed Bennett's career, and with director Tay Garnett convinced her to change her hair from blonde (her natural color) to brunette. With this change her screen persona evolved into that of a glamorous seductive, femme fatale and she began to attract attention in a series of highly acclaimed movie noirs by director Fritz Lang. During the search to find an actress to play Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind", Bennett was tested and impressed producer David O. Selznick. She was briefly considered to be a front runner for this part but Selznick eventually turned his attention to Paulette Goddard, who was then rejected in favour of Vivien Leigh.

In the 1940s Bennett appeared in four movies directed by Fritz Lang with whom she and Wanger had formed their own movie company. Three of these movies, "Man Hunt" (1941), "The Woman in the Window" (1945), and "Scarlet Street" (1945) established her as a movie noir femme fatale and leading Hollywood actress. She also worked with noted directors Jean Renoir in "The Woman on the Beach" (1947) and Max Ophüls in "The Reckless Moment". Other highlights of the more mature phase of her career include the role of Spencer Tracy's wife and Elizabeth Taylor's mother in both "Father of the Bride" (1950) and "Father's Little Dividend" (1951).

In 1950, Bennett changed agents. In 1951 Wanger shot and injured Bennett's new MCA agent, Jennings Lang (1915-1996), with whom she had allegedly begun an affair. The resulting scandal hurt her career much more than Wanger's, according to the double standards toward women of the time. Wanger's attorney, Jerry Giesler, mounted a "temporary insanity" defense and Wanger served a four-month sentence at the Castaic Honor Farm two hours' drive north of Los Angeles, quickly returning to his movie career to make a string of intelligent hit movies. Bennett, meanwhile was forced to flee to Chicago to appear in theater, and later in television because the scandal was too great a stain on her movie career and the movie studios were already floundering in the 1950s as it was. Though Humphrey Bogart, a longtime friend of Bennett's, pleaded with the studios on her behalf to keep her role in "We're No Angels" following the shooting scandal, that movie proved to be one of Bennett's last. Wanger and Bennett remained married until 1965. 

Bennett continued to work steadily in theatre and television and was a cast member of the television series "Dark Shadows" for its entire five year run, from 1966 until 1971, receiving an Emmy Award nomination for her performance therein. Bennett also appeared in a few more movies, most notably the cult horror thriller from Italian director Dario Argento's "Suspiria". In the last decades of her life, she was married to David Wilde, a Yale graduate and movie critic. Bennett died from a heart attack in Scarsdale, New York at the age of 80, and was buried in Pleasant View Cemetery, Lyme, Connecticut.

Joan Bennett was survived by 4 daughters (Diana Fox, Melinda Markey, and Shelley and Stephanie Wanger) and 13 grandchildren.

Bennett has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for services to Motion Pictures, at 6310 Hollywood Boulevard.




Rice riots of 1918

The were riots where many of the citizens of Japan became upset and rebelled against the government. This happened between July 1918 to September 1918. They caused the ending of the Terauchi Masatake government.

A very large rise in the price of rice caused very bad economic "(money)" problems, especially in rural areas "(outside of cities)" where rice was the main food of daily life for the people. Farmers, became angry at the government (who set the amount of money made by the farmers) and the rice merchants when they learned that they were making much less money for growing the rice than it was being sold for to the public. They blamed the government and the merchants for letting the price of rice rise so high. The rise in the price of rice happened just at the worst point in the rapid rise in prices in many things such as food and rents that was happening just after World War I. This caused problems for the people of Japan. The Siberian Intervention made things worse because the government themselves bought lots of rice to feed their soldiers who were outside of Japan. This made the price of rice rise even more. The government did not do anything to stop it, and it spread to the towns and cities. 

The Rice Riots were the biggest, most violent and widespread in modern Japanese history. The first protest happened in the small fishing town of Uozu in Toyama Prefecture, on 23 July 1918. Starting with peaceful petitioning, the protest quickly grew into riots, strikes, looting, incendiary bombings of police stations and government offices and into armed fights. By mid-September 1918, over 623 protests and or riots had happened in 38 cities, 153 towns and 177 villages, with over 2 million people taking part in them. 25,000 people were arrested, and 8200 were convicted of crimes. Punishments were given including minor fines and up to the death penalty.

Prime Minister Terauchi said he and his cabinet were to blame for the riots, and they all ended their jobs on 29 September 1918.

People studying this part of Japanese history think that the riots and so the need for rice in some way may have caused the Japanese to grow their occupation of other countries. Evidence of this is thought to be the increase in rice production in Taiwan and Korea.


Judith Chapman

Judith Chapman (born Judith Shepard on November 15, 1952) is an actress well known to fans of daytime television in the United States. She has appeared on many daytime dramas since the mid-1970s. Her first daytime role was that of "Natalie Bannon Hughes" on "As the World Turns" from 1975 to 1978. Her character became known as "Nasty Natalie." Her present role started in January 2005, when she joined the cast of "The Young and the Restless" replacing Joan Van Ark in the role of Gloria Fisher.

In addition to her many daytime television roles, Chapman has had a long career in both stage and movies. Her most recent movie role was that of the mother of Judy (Parker Posey) in the 2002 romantic comedy, "The Sweetest Thing".

Chapman was born in Greenville, South Carolina on November 15, 1952. She is the daughter of United States Air Force general Leland Shepard.

In her spare time, Chapman enjoys yoga and directing local theater in the Palm Springs, California area. She has a home in that area as well as one in Los Angeles where her show is made. Until recently, she was part-owner of St. James at The Vineyard, a fancy restaurant in Palm Springs.

She received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Desert Theatre League (DTL) on Sunday, November 20, 2005, at the DTL's 18th "Desert Stars Awards" Ceremony held at the Riviera Resort in Palm Springs.

Chapman was also a guest actress on two episodes of "Magnum, P.I." - "The Black Orchid" from season 1, and "The Woman on the Beach" from season 2. two of the most popular episodes of that series.




Hinduism in Bangladesh

Hinduism is the second largest religious affiliation in Bangladesh, covering over at least 8.5% of the population. In terms of population, the independent nation-state of Bangladesh is the third-largest Hindu state of the world after the Republic of India and Nepali states, and hosts the world's largest minority population of Hindus of Bengali ethnic origin.

In nature, Bangladeshi Hinduism closely resembles the forms and customs of Hinduism practiced in the neighboring Indian state of West Bengal, with which Bangladesh (at one time known as East Bengal) was united with that country until the Partition of India in 1947. The river Ganges is a sacred holy river that flows into the country from Bharat.

Bangladesh population is 149,772,364 of which, hindu population according to 2011 census of Bangladesh is 12,730,651 constituting 8.54% of the country's population.

However, at certain times different leaders and the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics have given different numbers estimation based on their research.



Bhutan–India relations

The bilateral relations between the Himalayan Kingdom of Bhutan and the Republic of India have been traditionally close. With independence in 1947, India inherited the suzerainty over Bhutan enjoyed by the British Raj. Although modified and modernised since, India remains influential over Bhutan's foreign policy, defence and commerce.

India–Ireland relations

Indo-Irish relations between the Republic of Ireland and the Republic of India picked up steam during the freedom struggles of the respective countries against a common imperial empire in the United Kingdom. Political relations between the two states have largely been based on socio-cultural ties, although political and economic ties have also helped build relations. Indians recognise Northern Ireland as part of its country.

Cornish people

Cornish people (Cornish: Kernowyon) are often regarded as a distinct ethnic group or national identity of the United Kingdom, originating in Cornwall. They are described as a Celtic people.

In the 19th century, many Cornish people moved abroad to find jobs in mining. Today, descendents of Cornish people can be found all over the world, including Australia, Canada, America, Mexico and South Africa.


Argentina–India relations

Argentine-Indian relations are foreign relations between Argentina and India. Diplomatic relations were established on February 3rd, 1949. India has an embassy in Buenos Aires and Argentina has an embassy in New Delhi. Indians have expressed its desires to agree with the Argentinian claims on British colonies in Southern Atlantic Ocean and other territorial border disputes with Chile.

Yaqui River

The Yaqui River (Río Yaqui in Spanish) (Hiak Vatwe in Yaqui) is a river in the state of Sonora in northwest Mexico. It is the largest river system in the state of Sonora. The Yaqui river is used for irrigation.

It is about 320km (200mi) in length, the Yaqui flows south and southwest to empty into the Gulf of California. 
The Yaqui river starts in the Sierra Madre Occidental and flows into the Gulf of California near the port of Guaymas.

Its course is broken up by several reservoirs like Plutarco Elías Calles (El Novillo), Lázaro Cárdenas (Angostura), or Álvaro Obregón (El Oviáchic, Lake Ouiachic), which provides the water for the heavily farmed region of Ciudad Obregón.

Kacchu

Kacchu is a Japanese traditional armor. Japanese swords and scabbards are higher quality than swords from other countries. Therefore, Kacchu also needed to develop to protect the body from attack. "Kacchu" was also made to be worn by horses. It was made of leather, bronze and iron.

Among the "samurai" it was used only for protection. "Kacchu" is now often used in feasts, entertainment and festivals. It has become colorful, simple and luxurious. Because Japanese people are becoming interested in the samurai, "kacchu" is becoming more popular. "Kacchu" has a high popularity among couples on the birth of the boy. In marriage, a bridegroom wears a tuxedo or "hakama" but, recently there have been more men wearing "Kacchu". "Kanetsugu Naoe"’s (直江 兼続) "Kacchu" is especially popular. He was a strategist in the Warring State Period in Japan. He is also called the general "Kanetsugu Naoe" of Uesugi. "Kanetsugu Naoe" only loved one woman, "Osen"(お船) and did not have another wife in time of polygamy. Therefore, couples think they swear to love forever by wearing his "Kacchu". In fact, the "Kanji" for "love"(愛)　sticks out from his helmet. This "Kanji" has four different meanings: “personal grace of love”(仁徳愛), “people of love”(民衆愛), “"Aizenmyouou"”(愛染明王), and “"Atagoshinkou"”(愛宕信仰). “"Aizenmyouou"” means the hero who realizes sexual desires and “"Atagoshinkou"” means the religion of gods from Atago temple. 

When a boy is born, "Kacchu" is decorated on “"Tango no sekku"”(端午の節句), called “Children’s day”, is the festival which celebrates boy’s growing and children’s health. As charms, "Kacchu" and "Katana"(刀) are decorated on the inside with symbols which are meant to protect a boy’s body and soul.


Calligraphy

Calligraphy is the art of writing. The word is from the Greek language and means "beautiful writing". In the west, this was an interest in decorating words on the page. Calligraphy in the Western world was always considered a minor art.

East Asian calligraphy was a "high art" form before the Tang Dynasty. It continues to have a high status among the arts. It is practiced today by many people including school children. 

Mad cow disease

Mad cow disease is the common name of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy. It's a disease that affects a cow's nervous system and their physical state. It comes from the chemistry structure of prion protein. When cattle get this disease, they have holes forming in their brains. The brain becomes spongy and begins to waste away. The cattle become very violent and show signs of mental disorder and have trouble when they move. It has a long incubation period, about 4 to 5 years. Cattle that are 4 to 5 years old can get the disease very easily.

It was not a common disease, but in 1996 the Minister of Health and Welfare in England said that it could be contracted by humans. Mad cow disease has damaged the cattle industry. Some food was made from cattle that had the disease. In England, the nation that was worst affected, more than 179,000 cattle were infected and 4.4 million were killed in an attempt to get rid of the disease.

In 2012, Korean President Lee's negotiations about the import of beef from the USA made the public angry. Many people went to the square in front of city hall and protested. It caused a lot of trouble, and the approval rating of the president sharply decreased.

Only Indian (Desi Cow) cows were able to survive from the disease. Researchers are still trying to figure out why only the Desi Cows can resist succumbing to the disorder. Other countries have started importing Indian cow breeds to their countries.


Galen

Galen of Pergamum (129–199/217 AD) was a prominent Greek physician and philosopher from Pergamon, a Greek city in western Asia Minor. He was an important medical researcher in the Roman Empire and his theories influenced Western medical science for over a thousand years.

Galen was the son of Aelius Nicon, a Greek architect and builder. Galen invented the 'Theory of Opposites' based on Hippocrates' Four Humours' theory, which helped develop medicine in the Roman age and again in the Middle Ages to include more natural-based medicine (rather than just religious medicine).

Some of the observations he made in his books were wrong as he could only dissect animals (mostly pigs and apes) and compare them to humans due to the Roman ban on dissecting human corpses.

Later in the Renaissance period, people such as Andreas Vesalius wrote books showing that some of what Galen said was wrong. He was most famous for his discovery that proved that arteries carry blood and his dissection of a pig proved that the larynx nerves control the voice. He also proved that the brain controls the body and not the heart.

Galen was vital in the beginnings of natural medicine and is called the "Father of Anatomy". He is also called the "Father of Medicine" second to Hippocrates.



Ibn Battuta

Ibn Battuta (1304 – 1368 or 1369) was a Moroccan explorer. He is known for the account of his journeys called the "Rihla" ("Voyage"). He travelled for nearly 30 years and covered most of the Islamic world. He also explored West Africa, Southern and Eastern Europe, South Asia, Central Asia, Southeast Asia and China. This distance was more than Marco Polo travelled; about . Ibn Battuta was considered the greatest traveller of the medieval period.
Battuta also made maps that were used by cartographers. He also met Mohammad Bin Tughlaq and wrote a book called "The Travels Of Ibn Battutta".
Ibn Battuta was born on February 24, 1304 in Tangier. His family consisted of judges and scholars of Islamic law. At age 21, Ibn Battuta started his long exploration when he went on the Hajj. This is a year-long pilgrimage that brings Muslims closer to God. Ibn Battuta first went across North Africa (Maghreb), to the great port Alexandria in 1326. Ibn Battuta spent 30 years visiting every Muslim country of his day. He recorded details about the social and political life he saw on his journeys. He gave information all about Muhammad Bin Tuglaq.

Ibn Battuta met a Syrian Arab Damascene girl who was a slave of a black African governor in Mali. Ibn Battuta engaged in a conversation with her in Arabic.

Christians became part of harems as slaves in the Balkans and Asia Minor when the Turks invaded. Muslim qadis owned Christian slave girls. Greek girls who were pretty were forced into prostitution after being enslaved to Turks who took all their earnings in the 14th century according to Ibn Battuta.

Kyshtym disaster

The Kyshtym disaster was a radiation contamination disaster on 29 September 1957, in Mayak, a nuclear plant in Russia (then a part of the Soviet Union). It measured as a Level 6 disaster on the International Nuclear Event Scale (the Chernobyl disaster and the Fukushima disaster are the only accidents listed as more serious than this one).

Mayak is the name for a number of nuclear facilities, which are about from Ekaterinburg, in Russia. The facilities were also known as "Chelyabinsk-65", or "Chelyabinsk-40". Mayak was built between 1945 and 1948. It was the first plant that could produce nuclear material in the Soviet Union. At times, up to 25.000 people worked at Mayak. They produced the plutonium fuel that was used for the first Soviet atomic bomb, amongst other things.

Between 1948 and 1987, a total of ten nuclear reactors were built. Until 1991, all but two were closed. The two remaining produce radioactive isotopes for health care and for research purposes.

During different accidents, a large amount of radioactivity was released into the environment. The biggest of these accidents happened in 1957, and is known as "Kyshtym Disaster" today. It happened in a plant near Kishtim (Кыштым). There were many accidents in this secret plant. The most serious of them happened on September 29, 1957. The cooling system of the plant failed to work. A (non-nuclear) explosion occurred. This explosion had the force of between 75 and 100 tons of TNT. It threw the lid of the container, which weighted 160 tons, into the air. The accident released about 20 MegaPCi (about 740 Petabecquerel) of radioactivity. At least 200 people died from radiation sickness. About 10,000 people were evacuated from their homes. More than 470,000 people were affected by the radiation, without knowing it.

During the next ten to eleven hours, the radioactive cloud moved towards the northeast, reaching between 300 and 350 kilometers from the accident. The fallout of the cloud resulted in a long-term contamination of an area of more than 800 square kilometers, mostly with caesium-137 and strontium-90. Today, the area is known as the East-Ural Radioactive Trace (EURT).

The existence of Mayak was a secret. Only very few people knew it was there. For this reason, the people living in the areas affected by the accident were not told about the accident. On 6 October, a week after the accident, the authorities started to evacuate about 10,000 people, but they did not tell about the reason for the evacuation. People grew hysterical with fear because unknown 'mysterious' diseases were breaking out. Victims were seen with skin 'sloughing off' their faces, hands and other exposed parts of their bodies." It was Zhores Medvedev who revealed the nature and extent of the disaster to the world.

Even though the Soviet government hid information about the figures, it is known that the direct exposure to radiation caused at least 200 cases of death from cancer.

To reduce the spread of radioactive contamination after the accident, contaminated soil was removed and kept in fenced enclosures that were called "graveyards of the earth".

In 1968, the Soviet government disguised the EURT area by creating the East-Ural Nature Reserve, which prohibited any unauthorised access to the affected area.

Rumours of a nuclear mishap somewhere near Chelyabinsk had long been circulating in the West. That there had been a serious nuclear accident west of the Urals was eventually inferred from research on the effects of radioactivity on plants, animals, and ecosystems, published by Professor Leo Tumerman, former head of the Biophysics Laboratory at the Institute of Molecular Biology in Moscow, and associates.

According to Gyorgy, who invoked the Freedom of Information Act to gain access to the relevant Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) files, the CIA knew of the 1957 Mayak accident all along. They kept it secret to prevent adverse consequences for the fledgling American nuclear industry. Only in 1990 did the Soviet government declassify documents pertaining to the disaster.

According to different sources, the amount of radioactivity produced by this disaster is between twice and six times that of Chernobyl disaster of 1986. Because the leakage was more limited, this is classified as a Level 6 (of 7) disaster on the International Nuclear Event Scale. Chernobyl is rated at Level 7.

In 2003, Russian authorities closed down the Mayak plant. Lake Karachay, which is close to the plant is seen as one of the most contaminated spots on the planet.

In the past 45 years, about 500,000 people in the region have been irradiated in one or more of the incidents. Some of them were exposed to more than 20 times the radiation suffered by the Chernobyl disaster effects victims.



Oldboy

Oldboy is a 2003 movie by Park chan-wook. This movie is based on the 1997 Japanese comic book. It is a mystery action movie about the contest of Oh Dae-su who was confined in private jail for 15 years (even he does not know why he was caged) and Lee woo-jin who confined Oh because of revenge. This movie deals especially and in detail with human hatred and revenge, and uses nice visual techniques to deal with sensational material.

The movie was nominated for many international movie festivals. It won 31 awards including Best Director at the Cannes Film Festival in 2004.

Cheese on toast

Cheese on toast is a type of food sometimes called grilled cheese. It is often eaten as a light snack. It is popular because it is easy to make quickly, and uses few ingredients. It is made by grilling cheese on toast but can also be made using a toaster oven.

Cheese on toast is often made with cheddar cheese. Other items (such as grilled tomatoes and butter) may be added to the dish.



Deoksugung

Deoksugung, also known as Gyeongun-gung, Deoksugung Palace, or Deoksu Palace, (Deoksugung ; 덕수궁, 德壽宮), is one of the five grand palaces of the Korean Joseon Dynasty.

When the Japanese invaded Joseon in 1592, King Seonjo escaped from Hanyang (present-day Seoul) and fled to Uiju. When the war finished, he returned to Seoul.
But there was no place for him to stay, because all of the palaces (such as Gyeongbok Palace, Changdeok Palace, Changgyeong Palace) had burned down during the war.

So, he lived in this place, which was originally the home of Prince Wolsandaegun who was King Seongjong's elder brother.

King Gwanghaegun who succeeded King Seonjo renamed this palace Gyeongun Palace (Gyeongungung ; 경운궁).
The palace became a secondary royal residence after the king moved to Changdeok Palace.
Queen Dowager Inmok was confined to the palace, and it was renamed West Palace(Seogung ; 서궁).
After he was overthrown by King Injo, it was returned to itsoriginal owners.

After two years, King Gojong returned to power and he chose to live in this palace.
He renamed this palace Gyeongun Palace again.
An electrical system and fencing were installed at the palace, and the name of the palace was changed to Deoksugung Palace: meaning the palace of virtuous longevity.
He remained at the palace even after he had relinquished the throne to his son, Emperor Yunghui (or Emperor Sunjong ; 융희제, 순종)

From 1910 until 1945, when Korea was under the colonial rule of Japan, the palaces's buildings were destroyed and made into a public park.

Infinite Challenge

Infinite Challenge (; abbreviated as ) is a South Korean television entertainment program, distributed and syndicated by MBC, that ran from 2005 to 2018.

As of January 2013, it had the largest market share for its timeslot; with between 13 and 17 percent of Korean television viewers watching "Infinite Challenge" every Saturday night. making it the most-watched free-to-air television program on Saturday evenings, and the most viewed non-drama program in South Korea every week (excluding special sporting events, since November 2006, with the exception of January 2009, April and May 2010).
Infinite Challenge () is a famous Korean TV show. Its Korean name is "Muhan Dojeon". It started in 2005 as "Mu(mo)han Dojeon" and titled "Muhan Dojeon" in 2006. 

There are seven people on the show now; Yoo Jae-suk, the MC, Park Myeong-su always seated second, Jeong Jun-ha whose nickname is 'eating god' because he eats a lot and fast, Roh Hong-cheol who can speak quickly and has swindler character, Jeong Hyeong-don who is called "MiJon gae-oh" that means remarkable in everywhere, HaHa who is called "little baby", Jun Jin was a member for about 2 years and went military service. Instead of him, Gil who is singer of South Korea's Hip-hop group Leessang appears in this show. 

This show is the first real variety show in Korea. The seven members of the team try new challenges for each episode. For example, they held an end of year concert to raise money for unfortunate neighbors, made a drama, met and played games with world famous stars like Thierry Henry and Paris Hilton. These were all produced by Kim Tae-ho, the producer of Infinite Challenge. He wants to keep the program new and exciting so he has recently tried to add a new member of the team.

Bean Pole International

Bean Pole International is the name of a South Korean clothes brand. It was started by Cheil-Mogic, one of the Samsung Company group, in 1989.

The brand name "Bean Pole" signifies happiness and hope, by symbolizing a man riding a bicycle in the novel "Daddy Long-Legs". The picture of a man riding a bicycle is the logo of Bean Pole. In addition, it also signifies the tradition of the Boston Ivy League universities.

In the 21st century Bean Pole became a nationally famous brand in South Korea. It has six sub-brands including Bean Pole, Bean Pole Ladies, and Bean Pole Golf. They have become an international company selling clothes to China, the United States and Europe. They hired Gwyneth Paltrow and Daniel Henny to appear in advertising to promote the brand name.

Nakseongdae

Nakseongdae is a park in Gwanak, Seoul. It is the birthplace of the famous Goryeo-Era general, Gang Gam-chan (강감찬, 姜邯贊 ; 948-1031). Legend says that when Gang Gam-chan was born, a star fell from Heaven. Because of this, his birthplace was named "Site of the Falling Star" (Nakseongdae).

The people of the Goryeo Kingdom (918-1392) built a three-story pagoda at the house of Gang Gam-chan's birth to praise him for his great deeds. He defeated 400,000 invading Khitan soldiers. Damaged parts of this pagoda were rebuilt by the Seoul Metropolitan Government in 1964, and the pagoda was named Seoul Cultural Property No. 4 in 1972. Two years later, a shrine was built for Gang Gam-chan. The pagoda, which was originally at 218 Bongcheon-dong, was moved to be with the shrine.


Hwaseong Fortress

Hwaseong Fortress () is the wall that surrounds the centre of Suwon. Suwon is the capital city of Gyeonggi-do, a province in South Korea. The fortress was built by Jeongjo, the 22nd king of the Joseon Dynasty.

The wall is about 6 km long and it has four gates.

Jeongjo wanted to show loyalty to his family. He wanted to protect his father's burial place. He wanted to strengthen his power and protect the southern area of Suwon. He also wanted to reduce conflict between different political parties.

Construction started near Mount Paldalsan in January 1794. Construction was finished in September 1796. Chae Jae-gong supervised the building process. Chae Jae-gong was a former minister in the government and the magistrate of Yeongjungchubu County. Engineers made new tools to help build the fortress. The Geojunggi was one of these new tools. It is a traditional Korean crane. They also made potter's wheels were created. They were used to move and put together large stones for the wall.

After the original fortress was finished in 1801, a construction archive called the Hwaseong Seongyeokuigwe was published. This archive recorded what the fortress was like when it was first built. This helped construction workers know how to rebuild the fortress after it was damaged, so it would look like the original wall.

The fortress was partly damaged twice. First, it was damaged when Japan controlled Korea in the early 20th century. The fortress was also damaged during the Korean War. Today, most of its original features have been restored. 

The fortress is on both flat and hilly lands. This is uncommon in neighbouring China and Japan.

The fortress is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Yi Sang-jae

Yi Sang-jae (, 26 October 1850 – 29 March 1927; also written as Lee Sang-jae) was a religious leader and independence fighter at the end of the Korean Empire.

He was born in Jongji-ri, Chungcheongnam-do. His courtesy name is Gye-ho. He was the president of the Independence Association and published the first Korean private newspaper, "Independence Newspaper". When Korea was a colony of Japan, he was active in the movement to establish the Korean Private University. Also, he was the first president of Singanhoe, one of the biggest independence groups in Korea.


YB

YB, formed in 1994, is a South Korean rock band. They have made seven studio albums, three live albums, various digital single albums, and DVDs. They sold more than 2 million albums and held more than one hundred live concerts in a year.

YB also use traditional Korean musical instruments including the gayageum, a stringed instrument, and the daegeum, an instrument like the clarinet in their recordings. 

Current members

Past members
At the 2002 World Cup, YB played songs such as ‘Oh, Pil Seung Korea (Oh, Victory to Korea)’ to millions of fans. South Korea's entry into the semi finals meant that YB's music was heard all over Korea. They won the best music award from Korea’s three main broadcast stations KBS, MBC and SBS. They were given the first WPMA (World Peace Music Award) in 2003 for helping with human rights issues in Korea.

YB went on tour in Europe in 2005, the first Korean rock music group to do so. They have released a single in the UK.

Brown Eyed Soul (band)

Brown Eyed Soul is a Korean musical singing group. The 4 men in the band are Naul, Jung-Yeop, Sung-Hun, & Young-Jun. Their genre is soul pop and R&B. Brown Eyed Soul made their debut in 2003 with their 1st album "Soul Free". Their 2nd album, "The Wind, The Sea, The Rain" was released in 2007. They took four years to release their 2nd album. Although 4 years was a long time, they still had many fans. Their 2nd album sold about 100,000 copies. It helped them win the R&B award at the 5th Korean Music awards in 2008.
Brown Eyed Soul have not appeared on television which is very unusual in Korea where most groups appear regularly. Brown Eyed Soul`s popularity is not their looks or their dancing, but their music.


Tteokguk

Tteokguk is a traditional food of Korea. It is eaten on January 1 to celebrate Seollal, the Korean New Year.

Tteokguk is a soup made from tteok ( a sweet Korean rice cake), sliced cooked eggs, ground meat, "mandu", leek, and onion.


Nail art

Nail art is a creative activity that draws pictures or designs fingernails. It a type of art. These days fingernails and toenails are seen by some as important points of beauty. In some cultures, nail art is linked to femininity.
Also, it is a type of fashion activity, related to manicuring. There are commercial shops ('nail bars') where nails are worked on to make them attractive. The main product is acrylic nails with ready-made designs which can be stuck on top of natural nails.

Nail polish, or nail varnish, is a lacquer applied to human fingernails or toenails to decorate and/or protect the nail. Today’s nail polishes are usually nitrocellulose in a solvent such as butyl acetate or ethyl acetate. They may be clear or coloured with pigments. There are many different shades in which this occurs. The coating has a plasticizers (e.g. camphor). This links polymer chains, spacing them to make the film flexible after drying. That way it resists cracking or flaking caused by the natural movement of the nail.

Nail polish was used in the ancient world. In China it started off being made from a combination of beeswax, egg whites, gelatin, vegetable dyes, and gum arabic and rose petals. The Chinese would dip their hands in this mixture until their finger nails turned red or pink. The Ming dynasty (1368-1644) was known for very long nails. In Ancient Egypt henna was used. The henna stained their fingernails orange, which turned dark red or brown after the stain matured. In 1300 BC, the colour of the nail polish reflected social rank. The colours gold and silver were favoured; later, black and red were the favoured colours. Red is the colour Cleopatra wore.

By the turn of the 9th century, nails were tinted with scented red oils, and polished or buffed with a chamois cloth, rather than simply polished.

The modern manicure began in 1830, when the orange stick was invented by Dr. Sitts, a European podiatrist. It is a thin, wooden stick with a pointed end, made from orange wood. Dr. Sitts' neice began a nail care product for women of any social class, and it began to be used in United States salons. In 1907, the first nail polish was invented, but it had no colour. Later, colours were sold also. The French manicure style was created by Jeff Pink in 1976. Nail painting became more popular in the 1980s and since then became more popular.

The artificial nails are not a replacement, but an extension for natural nails. There are two main approaches to creating artificial nails–"tips" and "forms". 

This is a mixture of a powder and a liquid. The mixture starts to harden in 30–40 seconds after application and gets to its final hardness in fifteen minutes. Powder and liquid acrylics can be removed by using a variety of solvents (usually acetone is used). Usually it takes 15 to 20 minutes to remove the nail.

Another material, commonly called "UV Top Coat" (in correct terms a polymer resin), hardens under ultraviolet light. These can show a wider range of properties (flexibility, strength, etc.) but may be more expensive. They cannot be removed by organic solvents, but only by filing (or left to grow out with the natural nail).

Another popular alternative to acrylic or gel preparations are fiberglass or silk wraps. They are done by cutting pieces of actual fiberglass or silk fabric to fit on the surface of the nail or tip and then it is sealed down with a resin or glue. These are an alternative for those who are allergic to chemicals used in the acrylic or gel process. Other materials can be used, as well as combinations of them. There are also temporary, cheaper flexible tips that can be quickly glued at home without help from a professional.

Acrylic nail powders are available in a variety of colours and can use "special effects" such as contours, sparkles and the very popular "French manicure" (pink and white appearance).

Guitar players, if they don't use their fingertips, use their nails, or a 'pick' (piece of metal) to play. If they use their nails, the nails must be in perfect condition, and kept to the same length all the time. Alternatively, he/she may use acrylic stick-ons. Every guitarist has their own way.

The players of many ancient Chinese instruments, like the guqin, pipa, and ruan, also commonly used artificial nails.


Gyeongju

Gyeongju (경주) is a coastal city in the southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea. It is the second largest city in the province. It is large, with 269,343 people living in the city, according to the 2008 census. From southeast, Gyeongju is away from Seoul, and from the east, away from the provincial capital, Daegu. Cheongdo and Yeongcheon are on the west side of the city. Ulsan is to the south side, and Pohang is to the north. On the east there is the coast of the Sea of Japan (East Sea). Many low mountains are around the city. They are part of the Taebaek range.

Gyeongju was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla (57 BC – 935 AD). Silla ruled most of the Korean Peninsula between the 7th and 9th centuries, and many archaeological sites from that time are still in the city. This is why Gyeongju is often called "the museum without walls".
For example, Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village were made World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. The many important historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular places in Korea for tourists.

In 1995, the city of Gyeongju and Gyeongju County were put together. There are 53 other small and medium-sized cities with about 300,000 or less people in South Korea. Today, Gyeongju is not only influenced by its history–it is influenced by the economic, demographic and social changes in South Korean culture. Its economy is mostly based on tourism. Manufacturing has also developed because Gyeogju is near large industrial cities such as Ulsan and Pohang. It is also connected to railways and highways that are often used by tourists.



Samsung

Samsung Group is a South Korean multinational conglomerate headquartered in Samsung Town, Seoul. It comprises numerous affiliated businesses, most of them united under the "Samsung" brand, and is the largest South Korean "chaebol" (business conglomerate). Samsung is a large worldwide company based in Seoul. "Samsung" means "three stars" in Korean.

Samsung was founded by Lee Byung-chul in 1938 as a trading company. Over the next three decades, the group diversified into areas including food processing, textiles, insurance, securities, and retail. Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 1960s and the construction and shipbuilding industries in the mid-1970s; these areas would drive its subsequent growth. Following Lee's death in 1987, Samsung was separated into four business groups – Samsung Group, Shinsegae Group, CJ Group and Hansol Group. Since 1990, Samsung has increasingly globalised its activities and electronics; in particular, its mobile phones and semiconductors have become its most important source of income.

Notable Samsung industrial affiliates include Samsung Electronics (the world's 2nd largest information technology company measured by 2015 revenues, and 5th in market value), Samsung Heavy Industries (the world's 2nd largest shipbuilder measured by 2010 revenues), and Samsung Engineering and Samsung C&T (respectively the world's 13th and 36th largest construction companies). Other notable subsidiaries include Samsung Life Insurance (the world's 14th largest life insurance company), Samsung Everland (operator of Everland Resort, the oldest theme park in South Korea) and Cheil Worldwide (the world's 15th largest advertising agency measured by 2012 revenues).

Samsung has a powerful influence on South Korea's economic development, politics, media and culture and has been a major driving force behind the "Miracle on the Han River". Its affiliate companies produce around a fifth of South Korea's total exports. Samsung's revenue was equal to 17% of South Korea's $1,082 billion GDP.

Samsung has many different businesses. It makes mobile phones, cameras and other electronics. 'Samsung Electronics' who sell Samsung Galaxy products. Samsung is the best known South Korean brand in the world.

Samsung also is sponsor of several sports teams, such as the Chelsea Football Club.

In December 2018 the company announced a launch of new 5G smartphone, which took place in 2019,In Samsung, the production of the Galaxy Note 7 was temporarily halted 2023.

According to Samsung's founder, the meaning of the Korean hanja word "Samsung" () is "tri-star" or "two stars". The word "two" represents something "big, numerous and powerful".


Ko Young-min

Ko Young-min (born February 8, 1984 in Seoul, South Korea) is a professional baseball player of the South Korean baseball club Doosan Bears. He graduated from Seung-Nam High School. His height is 182.0 cm. and his weight is 76.0 kg. 

His position is second baseman. He is a member of the national team. He has fast legs and a great catching ability. His nickname is Koget. He is a second fielder. "Koget" is a compound word made up of his family name and an animation gadget. His experiences as a member of the national team are in the Beijing Olympic Games and the second WBC. He won the golden glove prize in 2007. He also won the Korea professional baseball at second baseman prize. He got the best point prize in 2007 for the Samsung PAVV professional baseball team.

Bold = led KBO

Insadong

Insa-dong (인사동, 仁寺洞) is a neighborhood (also called a dong) of Jongro District, Seoul, South Korea. The main street is Insadong-gil, which is connected to many alleys that lead deeper into the district. 

Insa-dong is a popular tourist spot in Seoul. It is mainly one long street, and is known for its many art galleries, restaurants, and shops that sell traditional Korean items and art. There is also plenty of street food and sometimes there are public performances of dancing or a traditional display of criminals. Winding side streets are home to a variety of traditional restaurants.

Mexican peso

The $Mexican Peso (sign: $; code: MXN) is the currency, or money, of . The symbol used for the peso is "$", which is the same as for the US dollars it got its symbol from the Spanish-Mexican currency. It is one of the most traded currencies in the world. The current ISO 4217 code for the peso is "MXN"; before its value was changed in 1993, the code "MXP" was used. The peso is made up of 100 "centavos", represented by "¢". The name comes from the Spanish words "pesos oro" (gold weights) or "pesos plata" (silver weights). The meaning of peso in English is weight.

After Mexico's currency crisis in 1994, the peso depreciated greatly against the US dollar. In 1995, the dollar rose sharply from 3.4 to 7.2 pesos per dollar. From the late 1990s to 2008, it traded at 8-11 pesos per dollar, at 12-14 from 2008 to 2014, at 15-16 in 2015, and at 17-20 from 2016 to 2019. In 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, the peso depreciated to about 25 units per dollar. However, it has since appreciated more than 30 percent. In 2023, the peso reached a near eight-year high of 16.62 units per dollar. This is largely due to near-shoring, foreign investment, remittences, and high interest rates to curb inflation.

Olive ridley sea turtle

The olive ridley sea turtle, ("Lepidochelys olivacea"), also called the Pacific ridley, is one of the smallest species of sea turtle. It is named for the olive-green color of its heart-shaped shell. It is one of seven marine turtle species living today.

System requirements

System requirements refer to a checklist of minimum necessary items for a computer to have. These items would be requirements in order for an operating system to work, such as Windows XP. If the system did not have these things, the computer or operating system might crash or cause problems. If it exceeds minimum expectations, you could check the recommended system requirements, and see if it also meets those. If it does not, it is not bad. But if it does meet the recommended requirements, that is very good to know.

George Clooney

George Timothy Clooney (born May 6, 1961) is an American actor, filmmaker and humanitarian. He is the son of Nick and nephew of singer Rosemary. After leaving college, He starred in the series "ER" and several other series. He later starred in movies, including "Ocean's Eleven", "Syriana", "Batman & Robin", "Good Night, and Good Luck" and "Up in the Air". He is a political advocate for human rights issues, include Save Darfur. Many of his movies contain references to current politics.


Canon EOS

The Canon EOS (Electro-Optical System) is an autofocus 35 mm film and digital SLR camera system that was introduced in 1987 with the Canon EOS 650 and is still in production as Canon's current dSLR system. The acronym EOS was chosen for Eos in Greek mythology, and is often pronounced as a word (i.e., "EE-oss"), although some spell out the letters, reading it as an initialism. Both pronunciations are acceptable as there is no official pronunciation.

It competes primarily with the Nikon F series and its successors, as well as autofocus SLR systems from Olympus Corporation, Pentax, Sony/Minolta, and Panasonic/Leica. In most countries, EOS cameras have the largest market share of SLR cameras.

Coco Chanel

Gabrielle Bonheur "Coco" Chanel (19 August 1883 – 10 January 1971) was a French fashion designer. She was a founder of the House of Chanel. She was the only fashion designer to be named on TIME Magazine's 100 most influential people of the 20th century. She broke free of conventions and became a role model for some. Her behaviour during the German occupation of France in World War II led to criticism. 

Chanel was born in 1883 in Saumur, France. In her youth, she was a seamstress and a nightclub singer. Her stage name was Coco, so she used that name publicly.

In 1910, she opened a hat shop. In 1919, she opened a house of fashion in Paris, and introduced her perfume, Chanel No. 5, in 1921. She retired in 1939, but returned to fashion with great success in 1954.

She is famous for the little black dress, Chanel No. 5, the most famous women's perfume in the world, and the knee-long skirt and box jacket suit worn with pearl necklace.

In 1913, Chanel opened her first shop in Deauville, France. Society women liked her simple wardrobe. In 1915, she opened a second shop in Biarritz.

Chanel became one of the first women fashion designers to create simple and practical clothes for the sporty women of the era. She took the color black, which was not used in fashion at the time and showed "chic" it could be by wearing it. The material jersey was usually used to make men's underwear, but Chanel started to work with it to make women's fashion. Short hair, tans, and casual styles were the new trends. She banned corsets and other uncomfortable garments.

Chanel was the mistress of several rich men. During her relationship with the Grand Duke Dmitri Pavlovich of Russia in 1920, she added a Russian touch to her dresses by embroidering Russian patterns on them.

Chanel was with Hugh Grosvenor, from 1924 to 1931. During this time, she discovered the English tweed sweater, English men's suits, and English coats. She added these to her collections.

Chanel lived at the Hotel Ritz in Paris for over thirty years. During World War II, the Nazis occupied Paris, and her shops were closed. She had an affair with a Nazi officer, and was accused of being a collaborator. 

She moved to Switzerland when France was freed from Nazi rule in 1944.

After a 15-year gap, Chanel returned to fashion in 1954. She was shocked to see the new fashion trends, especially those by Christian Dior. She understood better than anyone the requirements and needs of an active woman’s lifestyle. Her 'comeback' collection was in 1954.

Her life was depicted in the Broadway musical "Coco" in 1969. Movies based on her life include: "Chanel Solitaire" (1981), "Coco Chanel" (2008), "Coco before Coco" (2009), and "Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky" (2009). Chanel also liked drinking cocoa during interviews. She always said she felt better after a few sips.

Chanel died in 1971. She is still influencing women’s lifestyles and clothing. The House of Chanel remains in business. It is a member of the "Chambre syndicale de la haute couture", the top fashion clique in Paris. The House of Chanel produces modern versions of her best ideas.

Itaewon

Itaewon is a neighborhood in Yongsan-gu, Seoul. It is an international neighborhood. Travellers and expatriate residents come here for shopping, restaurants, and nightlife. 

About 22,000 people live there, but between 4000-5000 reportedly visit the commercial district daily. Many US military personnel from the nearby Yongsan Garrison come here. Itaewon has restaurants serving food from many parts of the world, including India, Thailand, and Mexico. Those foods are not common in Korea.

J. M. G. Le Clézio

Jean Marie Gustave Le Clézio (born April 13, 1940 in Nice) is a French novelist. He won a Nobel Prize in Literature.

Sejong the Great

Sejong the Great (May 6, 1397 – May 18 1450) was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty. He is one of only two Korean kings called "great" (the other is Gwanggaeto the Great of Goguryeo). He picked out young scholars and tried to fix the prejudice of classes by helping intelligent but low-class prodigies. In 1442, he had Jang Yeongsil, a scientist in Joseon, invent the "Cheugugi" (). This was a kind of tool to help measure the rain and how much it fell. Also, he expanded the territory of Joseon. 

One of the best works and the biggest reason why Sejong was called great was because he created the "Hunminjeongeum" (). It is called in modern days as Hangul (). Because of the creation of the "Hunminjeongeum", Joseon (now Korea) now got its own alphabet, and many people, most of whom have never learned how to read Hanja (Chinese characters used for Korean) could learn how to read and write much more easily than before.

Sejong was the third son of King Taejong. When he was twelve, he became grand prince and married Shim On of Cheongsong. When he was young, he was very good at studying. His father liked him more than his other brothers.

His older brothers, Yangnyeong and Hyoryeong, thought they were not fit to be king and that it was their duty to make Sejong the king, even though he was younger than them. So they acted rudely and badly in front of the court and were soon banished. Yangnyeong became a traveler who wandered in the mountains, and Hyoryeong became a Buddhist monk. This later became a heartfelt and traditional legend in South Korea.


Kabuki

The word kabuki means "singing and dancing", and also means "to act strange and different, to be outside what is normal". The style of kabuki is not meant to look like real life.

People from around the world are now interested in kabuki. It was recognized by UNESCO in 2006 as an important part of Japan's cultural history.

Kabuki theater started during the Edo period (16031868). Kabuki was started by a woman, Izumo no Okuni, who performed in the dry river bed in Kyoto in 1603. It was very popular, especially because many of the stories and dance moves were about sex. Many of the women performers were probably prostitutes, and it was thought that kabuki disturbed discipline. This caused women to be banned from performing in kabuki plays in 1629. Beautiful young men replaced women in female roles, but in 1652 they were also banned, for the same reason. Kabuki was allowed to continue with adult men playing all the roles, and this style is the one today.

It developed into what we now know as kabuki during the Genroku period (16881704). During this period, the key aspects were formed, such as conventional character tropes. Kabuki and bunraku began to complement each other.

The popular playwright Chikamatsu Monzaemon produced several influential works during this time. His most significant work is "The Love Suicides at Sonezaki." It was written for bunraku.

The development of mie pose was also developed during Genroku period.

After the "Genroku" era, kabuki became popular in Japanese cities, growing rapidly as proper theater with great authors and actors. Bunraku also influenced the stories, directions, content and style. Ballet and theater music, such as "Nagauta", "Tokiwadubushi" and "Kiyomotobushi" were also influences on the development of kabuki.

In the 1840s, repeated drought led to a series of fires. It affected kabuki theaters made of wood. When the area of Nakamura-za was destroyed in 1841, the "shōgun" refused to allow the theatre to be rebuilt.

After the restoration of the Emperor in 1888, kabuki was influenced by foreign culture, stimulated by the rise of new drama.

In the Shōwa period, from 1926 to 1989, performances began in other countries. The Empire Theater in Japan was reconstructed, and renamed the National Theater. In 1954, the East Side Theater was constructed, and kabuki was shown from it on TV. In 1965, kabuki was seen as an important cultural heritage. After World War II, the Japanese came to see that kabuki as an important part of their culture. Many actors became famous people in Japan.

Woman kabuki actors are rare though there was "onnakabuki". The "onnakabuki" is woman’s kabuki. Now the men play both male and female roles.

There are famous kabuki actors in Japan such as Danjuro Ichikawa, Ebizo Ichikawa and Koshiro Matsumoto. Danjuro Ichikawa is an especially famous kabuki actor. He started "aragoto" at the age of 14. The "aragoto" is a kabuki genre dealing with a brave warrior, a fierce god, or a demon. He also wrote kabuki plays under the name of Hyogo Mimasuya.

The name of a kabuki actor usually is passed on from one generation to the next. Therefore, the name of an actor is passes to the next generation. Kabuki actors do not perform only kabuki but also act in TV drama and movies. Koshiro Matsumoto often appeared on TV.

Kabuki theaters are unique. In the Genroku era, kabuki was influenced by "nou" or "kyougen" which were the theater styles before "kabuki". In this period there was no roof for audiences, so that if it rained, actors could not perform. In the Edo period, all seats were covered with a roof.

"Mawari-butai", a revolving stage, began in the Kyōhō era (1716–1735). Scenes are built on the revolving stage and when a new scene is needed they simply rotate the stage; it makes progress of plays move quickly and easily. Foreign theaters have copied this kabuki invention.

Other unique system is "hanamichi" or "flower path". This is a walkway which crosses the auditorium at the same height as the stage. Actors can use this walkway to enter or leave the stage. During a play it can become many kinds of places. For example, it can be a river, a road, a corridor and so on.

The most famous theatre in Japan is the "Kabuki-za". It was built in Tokyo in 1889. It was built as western-style theater. The interior decorations were Japanese style but the outside was brick walls and it was a three-storied theater at first. The interior decorations and outside changed many time. Kabuki theaters have long histories and they are unique.

Famous authors of kabuki plays include Chikamatsu Monzaemon (16531724), Tsuruya Nanmboku (1755–1829), and Kawatake Mokuami (1816–1893).

Kabuki plays can be put into three main groups "Jidaimono", "Sewamono" and "Shosagoto". The "Jidaimono" are plays which show the world of samurais or court nobles before the Edo period. The government banned performances that showed the history of the Edo period. "Sewamono" are plays about the lives of the town people in the Edo period. "Shosagoto" are plays that feature dance.

"Gidayu kyogen" or "Maruhonmono" are kabuki plays that were first written as puppet plays. They were turned into kabuki plays when they became famous. "Shin kabuki" are plays which were written by writers who did not normally write kabuki plays.

Kabuki makeup helps audiences understand each character's role. It is special and emphasizes beauty of form. If an actor plays the role of a daughter or a man in love, he must apply makeup. First, he rubs grease, which is made of canola oil and perfume, into his face. Second, he paints out eyebrow with grease. Third, he rubs face powder on chest, neck, long hair and spreads powder with sponge. Next, he rubs face powder on face with sponge. Also, he puts rouge on nose, eyes cheek and the outer corner of the eye. He paints his eyebrow from red to black and he rubs lip with red lip stick and traces the outline clearly.

If the actor is playing a brave man, called "Aragoto", he paints on rouge with red and black lines, "Kumadori", to show brave feelings. "Kumadori" is a type of kabuki's make up. It was started in 1673 by Danjyurou Ichikawa. It shows the character's role, for example, "Sujiguma" is one of the "kamadori" showing a super hero.

Modern Japanese has many words that came from kabuki words. For example, there are three famous words; the first is an "ohako". "Ohako" means skillful things. Japanese often say the "ohako" is own good tune with karaoke. The "ohako" is derived from a word from Danjuro Ichikawa. He kept the kabuki plays of his good kabuki in a box. The "ohako" originated in there.

The second is a "nimaime". The "nimaime" means a good-looking man. The "nimaime" was written secondarily from the right in the signboard of the kabuki. Therefore, it came to be said so.

The third is a "sanmaime". The "sanmaime" means a comedian. The origin of this word is the same as "nimaime", "sanmaime" was written third from the right in the signboard of the kabuki.

In the 21st century, kabuki actors often perform for people who are not from Japan. The group "Heisei Nakamuraza", directed by Nakamura Kanzaburou, have become famous for their performances in foreign countries. They were the first traditional kabuki group to perform in New York City in 2004, with actor Nakamura Kankuro V. They used a tent as a playhouse near the opera house. The audience sat on tatami (Japanese mats). They performed "The Summer Festival: A Mirror of Osaka" with Japanese actors. In July 2008, "Heisei Nakamuraza" again performed in New York and they played in English.

In Australia, the Za Kabuki group at the Australian National University began performing kabuki drama each year in 1976. This is the longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan.


Karl Böhm

Karl Böhm (born Graz, 28 August 1894; died Salzburg, 14 August 1981) was an Austrian conductor. He was one of the greatest conductors of the 20th century, especially famous for his conducting of the music of Mozart, Wagner and Richard Strauss.

Böhm was born in Graz, Austria. He wanted to be a musician, but his father said that he should study law first, because musicians did not make much money, and if he was not successful as a musician he could then always have a job in law. So he studied law at the university of Graz, and got a doctorate on this subject. He also studied music privately in Graz, and then in Vienna with Eusebius Mandyczewski and Guido Adler. Although he learned to play the piano and to compose, he just wanted to be a conductor. He started his career by helping singers at the Graz Opera to learn their roles. Böhm became very interested in the operas of Wagner and Mozart and learned a lot from great conductors like Carl Muck and Bruno Walter who invited him to the Bavarian State Opera in 1921. In 1927 he became Generalmusikdirektor (music director) at Darmstadt. He often conducted modern operas, including Berg’s "Wozzeck". In 1931 he moved to Hamburg. In 1933 he conducted the Vienna Philharmonic, both in opera and concert performances. He became conductor at the opera house in Dresden when Fritz Busch lost that job because he said he did not like the Nazis. Böhm worked there for nine years. He became a great friend of the composer Richard Strauss and conducted the first performances of two of his operas there: "Die schweigsame Frau" and "Daphne". In 1943 got the very important job of conductor at the Vienna State Opera eventually becoming music director. He also conducted the German seasons at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires from 1950 to 1953.

In his later years Böhm spent his time as guest conductor. He was invited to conduct many of the leading world orchestras. He often performed at Salzburg, Bayreuth, Vienna, Berlin, Munich, Hamburg, Milan, Paris and New York.
In 1957, he made his first appearance at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, conducting "Don Giovanni". He was very popular there and conducted many operas, especially those by Mozart, Wagner and Richard Strauss.

Late in life, he was a regular guest conductor with the London Symphony Orchestra. He was given the title of LSO President for the rest of his life.

During his last years his sight was not very good. He died in Salzburg in 1981. His son was actor Karl Boehm.

Böhm was praised for his clear, energetic conducting. He did not have exaggerated mannerisms but got his orchestras to play with a warm, romantic sound which was never sentimental. Besides his favourite Mozart, Wagner and Richard Strauss he conducted many works by Haydn, Beethoven, Schubert, Bruckner, Brahms and Berg.

He was given many honours, including first Austrian Generalmusikdirektor. On his 80th birthday a big party was held, at which Herbert von Karajan gave him a clock.


Leipzig Gewandhaus

The Gewandhaus is a world famous concert hall in Leipzig, Germany. Today's building is the third hall to have this name. It is the home of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra.

The name "Gewandhaus" means a building where cloth is traded. Originally merchants used to sell their cloth there. 

The first Gewandhaus was built in 1781 by the architect Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe. The second opened in 1884, and was destroyed in the fire-bombings of World War II between 1943 and 1944. The third Gewandhaus, which stands now, was opened on 8 October 1981. It is known for its fine acoustics.

Rebab

The rebab is a musical instrument from the Middle East. It is a very old instrument, and is probably the origin of the medieval rebec. It is a string instrument and is played by bowing or plucking the strings. It has a body made out of a solid piece of wood, with straight sides and a round back. The belly of the rebab is made of skin. The pegs used to tune the strings are like those on a violin, and are pushed into holes on the side of the peg box. The peg box is made from a separate piece of wood.

Sackbut

The sackbut is a brass musical instrument from the Renaissance. By the 1750s, it was developing into the modern trombone. It has narrower tubing, does not have a water key, a slide lock or a tuning slide that are found on trombones. It is played by buzzing the lips into a mouthpiece. The length of the instrument could be changed by the use of a sliding tube which meant it could play a full chromatic range of notes. The earliest instruments come from the 1500's. The sackbut was popular because it could be played loudly or softly, and it could also be played in tune. They were made in a range of sizes, a descant (rarely used), alto, tenor and bass. They were often played to accompany a church choir.

Boeing 727

The Boeing 727 is a jet airliner. It is made by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. It can carry 149 to 189 passengers. It can fly for . The Boeing 727 was made to fly short distances. It can also take off from short runways at smaller airports. It has three Pratt & Whitney JT8D engines. One engine is at the back, and the other two are on the sides of the plane. The 727 is the only plane made by Boeing which has three engines.

The Boeing 727 was made after the Boeing 707. The 727 and the 707 have some similar features. The 727-100 first flew in February 1963. The first airline to use it was Eastern Air Lines. The 727-200, a longer version of the 727, first flew in July 1967. It was first used by Northeast Airlines in December 1967.

The 727 was made during the 1970s. The last 727 was made in 1984. In July 2011, 23 727-100s and 227 727-200s were being used by airlines. The 727 is a very noisy aircraft, so some 727s have been given hush kits to make them quieter.

The Boeing 727 was made to fly from small cities which had airports with shorter runways. It also carried fewer passengers. United Airlines wanted a plane with four engines so that it could fly to airports which were at high altitude. An example of an airport like this is Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado. American Airlines wanted a plane with two engines. Eastern Airlines wanted a plane with three engines so that it could fly to the Caribbean. The airlines decided to ask for a trijet, which is a plane with three engines.

In 1959, Lord Douglas said that Boeing and de Havilland Aircraft Company should work together to make trijets. Boeing made the 727 and de Havilland made the D.H.121 Trident. The two planes were quite similar, but the 727 was a bit bigger. Boeing wanted to use Allison AR963 turbofan engines for the 727. The de Havilland plane also used these engines. Boeing and de Havilland sent engineers to look at each other's designs. However, Boeing decided not to work together with de Havilland and changed the engine.

In 1960, Pratt & Whitney wanted to sell its new JT8D turbofan engine design. United and Eastern were interested in this engine, so Pratt & Whitney decided to keep designing it. Eddie Rickenbacker, from Eastern, told Boeing that the airline wanted JT8D engines for its 727s. At first, Boeing did not want to use the JT8D for the 727, but it eventually decided to use the JT8D.

The 727 has special parts on its wings which help it to make more lift. This means that it can take off from shorter runways than most other jets.

Later, some longer 727s were made to carry more passengers. They replaced other jet airliners like the Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8. They also replaced propeller planes like the DC-4, DC-6, DC-7 and the Lockheed Constellation.

Boeing stopped making the 727 in 1984. 1,832 were made. 1,831 of these were given to an airline.

The 727 was meant for small airports. This meant that it would have to do without some things like stairs. Boeing built airstairs into the 727. At first, the airstairs could be opened while the plane was flying. However, D. B. Cooper, who was a hijacker, jumped out of a 727. This happened while it was flying over the Pacific Northwest. Boeing then changed the design so that the airstairs could not be opened while the plane was flying. The 727 also had an auxiliary power unit (APU). This meant that the 727 could run its systems without any power from the ground. The APU is near the undercarriage. This is quite unusual.

One thing which allowed the 727 to land on short runways was the design of its wings. The 727 had no engines on its wings, so flaps could be used on the full wing. There were also some other things which made more lift. Together, these things make a lift coefficient of 3.0.

The 727 is one of the noisiest airliners. The 727's JT8D engines are low-bypass. This makes them much noisier than high-bypass engines. Boeing thought about giving the 727 quieter engines. They said that the JT8D-200 engine could be used.

All 727s being used today need to be given a hush kit. A hush kit is something which makes a jet engine quieter. FedEx makes one of these kits. Over 60 companies have bought this. Winglets have also been made for the 727 by different companies.

727s (including 727s which have a hush kit) are banned from some airports in Australia because of how much noise they make.

The 727 could fly to different countries as well as to places in the same country. It is useful in airports where the runway is made of gravel. Since the engines are so high up, there is not much risk that they will be damaged by things on the ground.

The 727 was also used by the military. Since the airstairs could be opened while the plane was flying, the Central Intelligence Agency used them to put agents and supplies into Vietnam.

The "Boeing C-22" was used by the Air National Guard and National Guard Bureau to airlift people. Three C-22B's were used. All of them belonged to the 201st Airlift Squadron, District of Columbia Air National Guard.

The replacement for the 727 was the Boeing 757. However, the 757 is much bigger than the 727. Because of this, some airlines replaced the 727 with the 737-800 or the Airbus A320.

"Source:" Boeing Aircraft since 1916"

There are two types of 727. The first one is called the 727-100. Airlines began to use it in February 1964. Airlines began to use the next type, the 727-200, in December 1967.

The 727-100 first flew on February 9, 1963. United Airlines got the first plane on October 29, 1963.

571 727-100s were made (407 -100s, 53 -100Cs, and 111 -100QCs). The last one was made in October 1972. Boeing kept one 727-100. This means that the real number is 572.

This type could be changed into a cargo plane and into a passenger plane.

QC stands for "Quick Change". This is a 727-100C which can be changed into a cargo plane much quicker (in 30 minutes).

QF stands for "Quiet Freighter". It was made for the United Parcel Service.

The 727-200 is a longer version of 727-100. The -200 is longer (153 feet, 2 inches, 46.7 m) than the −100 (133 feet, 2 inches, 40.6 m).

The 727-200 first flew on July 27, 1967. Northeast Airlines got the first 727-200. 310 727-200s were made. The 727-200 Advanced replaced the 727-200 in 1972.

This type can fly for longer. It also has some improvements in the cabin.

A type of 727-200 Advanced which could carry cargo.

This type has more speed. This happened because the engines were replaced with more powerful ones. It also had winglets. This type was first made by Valsan Partners, but Quiet Wing Technologies in Redmond, Washington, began to make it later.

, 208 727s are still being used. These airlines have five or more 727s:

The 727 has been used by some governments. The Belgian, Yugoslavian, Mexican, New Zealand, and Panama air forces have used it. The United States military also used the 727; it was called the C-22.


As of 2010, the Boeing 727 has had 325 accidents. It has had 112 hull-loss accidents. 3,783 people have died in these. The 727 has been hijacked 178 times, and 345 people have died in these.

Information from:

Boeing 



PowerBook

The PowerBook was a type of laptop computer built by Apple Computer, Inc. from 1991 to 2006. The PowerBook was changed many times in the time that it was made. Many times, the laptop was the first to have features that would later become common in other laptops. The PowerBook line was made for professional people. It got many awards. Examples are the 2001 Industrial Design Excellence Awards "Gold" status, and Engadget's 2005 "Laptop of the Year".

Before the PowerBook, Apple made the Macintosh Portable. At that time, third-party laptops that ran Macintosh software were also available, such as the Outbound Laptop. In 1999, Apple started making the cheaper iBook model. The PowerBook and iBook lines were discontinued (Apple stopped making them) and replaced by the MacBook family in 2006.

IBook

The iBook was a line of laptop computers sold by Apple Inc. between 1999 and 2006. Apple designed these computer for the consumer and education markets, so they had lower specifications and prices than the PowerBook, Apple's higher-end line of laptop computers. 

Apple replaced the iBook line with the MacBook in May 2006 while Apple changed to using Intel processors. 

Scrapbook

A scrapbook is a book where people can keep pictures, newspapers articles, recipes, letters and similar things. It is often used to keep memorable things or a collection of things. It is also often used in the hobby of scrapbooking. Scrapbooking is the use of a scrapbook as a hobby rather than a more practical use such as keeping collections of recipes used in daily cooking. It is a way to preserve pictures and memories in a book that can last throughout a person's whole life. Scrapbooking is becoming more popular. The hobby interest has created a business phenomenon with many companies selling various tools, paper and equipment to make the craft easier and more enjoyable.
Scrapbooking, also known as 'cropping,' is an art that creates family heirlooms. Each page of a scrapbook become a family treasure, especially when the author writes in his/her own handwriting about the pictures.

Agios Nikolaos

Agios Nikolaos is a town on Crete island. It is a coastal town in the northeast of Crete. It is near the main airport of Crete, "Nikos Kazatzakis". There are also ships which connect Agios Nikolaos with Piraeus and Dodekanisa islands.

Rethymno

Rethymno is the third biggest city of Crete island. It is in the north of Crete between Heraclion and Chania, the other big cities of Crete. Rethymno has 54,900 people. Rethymno has a big port and a beautiful old town and Castle. Today in Rethymno there is a university for literature studies.

Chios (city)

Chios (Greek: "Χίος") is a Greek city and it is a capital of Chios island and Chios prefecture. It is one of the largest city from the cities of Greek islands. Its population is 32.000 residents. The town of Chios is located opposite the coasts of Turkey very close to region of ancient Erythrea. Chios connects with the port of Piraeus as well as other ports. The city is served by the Chios Island National Airport.

Ron Clark

Ron Clark is an American teacher who has worked with disadvantaged students in rural North Carolina and Harlem, New York City. He is known for his books and multiple teaching awards. Clark's latest project is the Ron Clark Academy, a private non-profit school in Atlanta, Georgia where students follow a unique curriculum. The school also gives students opportunities for international travel and offers training workshops for teachers to learn more about Clark's teaching methods. Clark made a set of rules called the esential55 that he use to teach his students.

Rhodes (city)

Rhodes is the capital of Rhodes island and Dodekanisa prefecture. It is a big city and very touristic mainly during summer period. Its population is at about 50.000 inhabitants but in the summer its population increases a lot. It is located in the north of Rhodes island. It has a big port where big cruise ships come all the time. Rhodes is very beautiful city with many sights. The most interesting sight is the big castle which it is built at the crusade period by Ioannites Knights. In the antiquity on the port of Rhodes there was the gigantic statue of the Sun God which was named Colossus of Rhodes. The statue was destroyed because of a powerful earthquake in the Roman period.

Daniel Harding

Daniel Harding (born Oxford, 31 August 1975) is a British conductor.

Harding studied trumpet at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester. When he was 13 he became a member of the National Youth Orchestra. When he was 17, Harding got together a group of musicians to perform "Pierrot Lunaire" by Arnold Schoenberg. He sent a tape of the performance to the conductor Simon Rattle in Birmingham. Rattle was very impressed and invited Harding to be assistant conductor to him at the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra for a year, from 1993-1994. Harding then went to the University of Cambridge, but after his first year at university, he was invited by Claudio Abbado to be his assistant with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.

Harding has been conductor of the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra (1997-2000), the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen (1999-2003) and the Mahler Chamber Orchestra (since 2003). He conducted the 2005 opening night at La Scala, Milan in "Idomeneo", after Ricardo Muti had resigned. 

In 2004, Harding was made guest conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra from 2006. He became the Principal Conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra as of 2007.

Harding is married and has two children. His wife plays the viola. He is a fan of the football club Manchester United.


Mytilene

Mitilene is a capital of lesbos island. Lesbos is the third biggest island in Greece. It is a beautiful city with important history. It is located in the east of Lesbos island. Mytilene has 36.196 inhabitants. In the past, Mytilene was a rich town and this seems from the rich houses in the city. Also, it has got a big port which connect Mytilene with Piraeus and other ports. 

Zakynthos (city)

Zakynthos is the capital of Zakynthos island. Zakynthos is one of the Ionian Islands. Zakynthos city is located in the north-west of island. Its population according to 2001 census is 16.457 inhabitants. It is a coastal city and it has got a port which connect Zakynthos with Peloponnese. Zakynthos is a beautiful town. The most beautiful district of city is the district Bochali. 

Mitsuko Uchida

Mitsuko Uchida was born in Atami, a seaside town near Tokyo, Japan. When she was 12 her father became the Japanese ambassador to Austria, so the family moved to Vienna. She studied at the Vienna Academy of Music. Her teachers were Richard Hauser, and later Wilhelm Kempff and Stefan Askenase. She gave her first recital when she was 14 in the Vienna Musikverein. After five years, her father went back to Japan, but she stayed in Vienna.

In 1969 she won the first prize in the Beethoven Competition in Vienna and in 1970 the second prize in the International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition. Then, in 1975, she won second prize in the Leeds Piano Competition.

Her career has been very successful. She played all the Mozart Piano Concertos with the Cleveland Orchestra. She is well known for her playing of the works of Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Chopin, Debussy and Schoenberg. Her recordings include all of Mozart's piano sonatas and concertos, and won many awards for her recordings.

Uchida now lives in London.

Uchida was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2009 Queen's Birthday Honours List.


Ekaltadeta

The Ekaltadeta was a giant, meat-eating rat-kangaroo from Australia. This long-extinct marsupial (pouched mammal) lived from the late Oligocene (roughly 25 million years ago) until about 50 thousands years ago. Fossils have been found in northern Australia, at the Riversleigh site (in Queensland).

Aad de Mos

Aad de Mos (born 27 March 1947) is a former Dutch football manager.

Britain's Got Talent

Britain's Got Talent is a British television show on ITV and part of the "Got Talent" series. The programme is presented by Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly (colloquially known as Ant & Dec). 

There is one series each year; the most recent being the thirteenth series. The four judges of the current series are: Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and Bruno Tonioli.

The winner of the programme performs in front of the king at The Royal Variety Show and receives a cash prize of £250,000.

The show started in 2007 with the original line-up Ant & Dec hosting and Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Piers Morgan as judges. The same format was kept until the end of Series 4, when Piers Morgan announced his departure from the show. In series 5, David Hasselhoff and Michael Macintyre joined the panel, but they both only stayed for one series. In 2012, they were replaced by David Walliams and Alesha Dixon. The current panel is made up of Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Bruno Tonioli. Stephen Mulhern had been presenting the spin-off show "Britain's Got More Talent" from series 1 to Series 13, In March 2020, It was announced that Britain's Got More Talent was going to be axed. The show has also featured different guest judges (judges who were not permanent and most likely filled in for an ill or late judge). In 2020, a judge from "Dancing on Ice" Ashley Banjo replaced Simon Cowell after he had a long injury because Cowell break the part of his back after a electric bike fall, Bruno Tonioli tookover Walliams.

Syco

Syco Entertainment, often known as simply Syco, was a British entertainment company. It was started in 2002 by X Factor and Britain's Got Talent judge, Simon Cowell. It is no longer in operation.

There are offices in London and Los Angeles

Syco Television mostly works in the UK and U.S. As of 2011, it produces around 200 hours of primetime television for FOX, NBC, ITV1 and ITV2 networks. Its key programs are "The X Factor" and "Got Talent".

Syco Music is home to a dozen artists. Syco is the only company to sign winners and finalists of "The X Factor" and "Got Talent". Since 2004, the label has had 22 UK #1 singles.




Neil Diamond

Neil Leslie Diamond (born January 24, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. He wrote songs for Sonny and Cher, the Ronettes, Jay and the Americans and the Monkees. He began singing his own songs in 1966. From 1966 to 1968 he had written 14 hit songs and sold more than 12 million records. For a while he was the most highly paid performer in the world.

His first recording was "Solitary Man" in 1966. He recorded the album "Brother Love's Travelling Salvation Show" which included the song "Sweet Caroline". This song reached number 3 on the US charts and sold more than a million copies.

Diamond is Jewish.

In January 2018, Diamond was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.

Got Talent series

The Got Talent franchise is a British TV format owned by Simon Cowell's SYCO. It has many popular shows such as "Britain's Got Talent" and "America's Got Talent".

The format changes in many versions but the most common version has three rounds: auditions (or preliminaries), semi-finals and the final. Some countries do not have semi-finals while others have a round in between the auditions and semi-finals.

In some versions of the show, such as the "Champions" version, the auditions are replaced with "preliminaries". In these rounds, the judges or audience vote to pick one (sometimes two) contestant(s) from the preliminary to go into the final. The final consists of the winners of each preliminary.

István Kertész

István Kertész (born Budapest, Hungary, 28 August 1929; died near Tel Aviv, Israel, 16 April 1973) was a world-famous Hungarian Jewish conductor.

Kertész was born in Budapest. His family were Jewish. His father was director at a leather factory. When his father died of appendicitis in 1938, his mother had to go out to work to earn money. It was not easy at the time for women in Hungary to find work, but she was successful. István started to learn the violin when he was six, and after a few years he started learning the piano as well.

When the Nazis invaded Hungary during World War II his family had to hide. Most of them were found and taken to Auschwitz where they died. In spite of the terrible situation István’s mother encouraged him to keep practising music. After the war he graduated from school and went to the Royal Academy of Music (now the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest, where he studied violin, piano, and composition. Zoltán Kodály was one of his teachers. He soon became interested in conducting, and learned a lot from Bruno Walter, and Otto Klemperer, then the director of the Budapest Opera.

From 1953 to 1955, István Kertész conducted at Györ, and the Budapest Opera orchestra. After the 1956 uprising in Hungary he and his family left their country and went to Germany. He settled there and took German nationality.

Kertész became conductor at Augsburg (1958-1963) and then at Cologne. He first appeared in Britain in 1960 with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra and then with the London Symphony Orchestra. He first conducted in America in 1961, touring with the Hamburg RSO. He conducted at Covent Garden in 1965, and then took over from Pierre Monteux as conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra.

Kertész had a very large repertoire and conducted nearly all of the world’s great orchestras. He conducted many operas, and was especially fond of the music of Bartok, Henze, Stravinsky and Britten. He gave the first Vienna performance of Britten’s "War Requiem" and the first performance in Germany of his opera "Billy Budd". He made many recordings.

On 16 April 1973, while on a concert tour, István Kertész drowned while swimming off the coast of Israel near Tel Aviv. He was survived by his wife, three children, mother and sister.



PGA Tour

The PGA Tour is a professional golf association. The association is in charge of the professional golf tours in the United States. Its three tours are the PGA Tour, the Champions Tour, and the Web.com Tour.

On June 6, 2023, the PGA Tour, PGA European Tour, and Saudi-owned LIV Golf all announced they would be merging, with the Saudi Public Investment Fund becoming the "exclusive investor" and the PGA Tour would have their CEO Jay Monahan appointed along with board members.

Phil Mickelson

Phil Mickelson (born June 16, 1970) is an American golfer. He plays on the PGA Tour. He has 39 PGA Tour wins. He has won The Masters three times. The most recent time was in 2010. Mickelson has the nickname "Lefty" because he swings with his left hand.

He won the 2021 PGA Championship, becoming the oldest winner in golf history at aged 50.

He was born in San Diego, California. His father Phil Mickelson Sr. was an airline pilot and former naval aviator. and Mary Mickelson. He was raised there and in Scottsdale, Arizona.

Fall of Constantinople

The Fall of Constantinople occurred when the Ottoman Empire took over Constantinople, the capital city of the Byzantine Empire, on 29 May 1453. The Ottomans were commanded by 21-year-old Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II, who defeated an army commanded by Byzantine Emperor Constantine XI Palaiologos. The conquest of Constantinople followed a 53-day siege started on 6 April 1453. After the conquest of the city, Constantinople became the capital of the Ottoman Empire. Today, Constantinople is known as Istanbul.

This event marks the end of the Byzantine Empire, and so it was the end of the Roman Empire, which had lasted for nearly 1,500 years. Previous Ottoman Sultans had taken most of the Empire in previous centuries. Some places, like the Morea Despotate and Empire of Trebizond were not defeated by the Ottomans until several years later.

The fall of Constantinople had important results, because the Ottoman Empire at last had control of the Balkans. Nothing could stop them from further Muslim conquests into Europe, which went on until after the Battle of Vienna in 1683. After the fall of Constantinople and the Byzantine Empire, many refugees escaped to Western Europe and helped create humanism. In particular, the arrival in Italy of Greek scholars is said to have helped the Renaissance.

List of libertarian parties

Many countries have libertarian political parties. Although these parties may call themselves "libertarian," their way of thinking may differ from one another and not all of them can be described as really libertarian. Some of these parties prefer to be called "liberal" rather than "libertarian."





























Council areas of Scotland

A council area in Scotland is an area made for local government. There is a total of 32 council areas in Scotland. They are all governed by unitary authorities called "councils". The council areas were created on 1 April 1996, under the provisions of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994. The Act calls them "local authority areas" but most people call them "council areas".

The council areas have the option of being known as a "" when choosing to go by a Gaelic name. However, only Comhairle Nan Eilean Siar (Council of the Western Isles) has chosen this option, while the Highland Council (Comhairle na Gaidhealtachd) uses both an English name and a Gaelic name.

Forks, Washington

Forks is a city in Clallam County of the state of Washington in the United States. 

Doyle Brunson

Doyle F. Brunson (August 10, 1933 – May 14, 2023) was an American poker player from the U.S. state of Texas. He is sometimes called by his nickname, Dolly. He was active as a child. He played basketball for a short time but while in a factory he by mistake broke his leg. Then he chose to play poker. In 1976 he won the Main Event of the World Series of Poker. His winning hand was a ten and a two. In 1977 he won the Main Event again with the same hand and in 1980 he took second place at Main Event. He had ten World Series of Poker bracelets and held one World Poker Tour title.

Brunson died in Las Vegas, Nevada on May 14, 2023, at the age of 89.

Tim Pawlenty

Tim Pawlenty was the Governor of Minnesota. He was elected Governor in 2002 and was re-elected in 2006. He did run for another term in 2010. He is a member of the United States Republican Party. He was succeeded by Mark Dayton.

Pawlenty ran for governor again in the 2018 election, but lost the Republican nomination to county commissioner Jeff Johnson.

Pawlenty ran for president in 2012.

Tim Pawlenty´s wife is Mary Pawlenty. Pawlenty has an also written a book. At right is Pawlenty´s signature. Pawlenty is a Republican.

Grand Forks, North Dakota

Grand Forks is a city in the U.S. state of North Dakota along the Red River of the North. It was founded by Alexander Griggs on June 15 1870. It has a population of nearly 60,000 and is now the county seat of Grand Forks County. It is the third-largest city in the state after Fargo and Bismarck.

Across the river is East Grand Forks, Minnesota. 

Kent Conrad

Gaylord Kent Conrad was the Senior Senator of North Dakota. He took office as senator on January 3 1987 and is currently serving with Junior Senator John Hoeven. He was the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. He is a member of the North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party, the North Dakota affiliate of the Democratic Party.

Didí Torrico

Didí Torrico Camacho (born 18 May 1988 in Cochabamba) is a Bolivian football midfielder who currently plays for Wilsterman and the Bolivian national team.

Torrico began his career in 2005 playing for Iberoamericana before transferring to La Paz F.C. the following year. After three seasons in La Paz, he joined Wilstermann.

He has also played in six games for the Bolivian national team since 2008, and scored his first international goal against Mexico on March 11, 2009.


Internet fraud

Internet fraud means trying to trick or scam someone else using the Internet. This usually means that the person who is being tricked loses money to the people scamming them. Internet fraud can take place on computer programs such as chat rooms, e-mail, message boards, or Web sites. Advertisements that pop up on the internet have a big risk of being scams.

Mimar Sinan

Mimar Sinan or Koca Mi'mâr Sinân Âğâ (Ottoman Turkish: ; Modern Turkish: Mimar Sinan) (15 April 1489 - 9 April 1588) was an Ottoman architect and civil engineer. He worked for sultans Suleiman the Magnificent, Selim II, and Murad III. He worked about fifty years for Ottoman Empire. His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne. His most famous work is the Suleiman Mosque in Istanbul. 

The Ashes

The Ashes is the symbol of international cricket matches played between England and Australia. The Ashes were supposedly what remained of English cricket after the Australians had beaten them in the first test match played in England. 

The name comes from a small pot (known as an "urn") of ashes, which was made and presented to the England captain in 1882. It was based on a joke printed in "The Sporting Times", an English newspaper. Someone placed an advertisement in the pages of the paper, describing how English cricket had died and its body had been cremated.


Travelcard Zone 6

Travelcard Zone 6 is the sixth outward concentric zone of the Transport for London zonal system used for calculating co-ordinated inter-modal Travelcard fares within Greater London. In this zonal system, Greater London is split into six (approximately concentric) zones for the purpose of determining the cost of a Travelcard. The zones are also used for pricing London Underground and Docklands Light Railway single journeys, but not single journeys undertaken entirely by bus or tram, for which a system-wide flat fare applies. 

Gerresheim

Gerresheim is one of the oldest parts of the City of Düsseldorf, Germany. It is in the east of the city. About 28,200 live in Gerresheim today.

In the year 670 a church in Gerresheim is mentioned first time.

In 870 the church the Gerresheim Womans Abbay, St. Margaret's, (Gerresheim Abbey) was founded by Gerricus.

In 1368 got the City Rights by the Counts of Berg.

In the Truchsess War and later the Thirty Years' War Gerresheim was raided some times. Even the nons of Abbay became poorer.
So the city became poorer and lost its attraction.

In 1803 there was no Abbay anymore. In 1809 Gerresheim was taken over by Prussia.
In 1838 Gerresheim got its railway sation.

In 1909 Gerresheim became a part of Düsseldorf.



Independent Spirit Awards 2005

The 21st Independent Spirit Awards, given by Film Independent on 4 March, 2006, awarded who they thought were best in movie for 2005.

"' Philip Seymour Hoffman - "Capote" 

"' Felicity Huffman - "Transamerica"

"' "Good Night, and Good Luck." - Robert Elswit

"' Ang Lee - "Brokeback Mountain"

"' "Brokeback Mountain"

"' "Crash"

"' "Paradise Now", Palestinian Authority

"' "Capote" - Dan Futterman 


"' Matt Dillon - "Crash"

"' Amy Adams - "Junebug"


Biggest losers:

Argostoli

Argostoli is a coastal Greek town. It is in Kefalonia island whose is a capital. Also it is a capital of Kefalonia prefecture which is conclude and Ithaca island. According to the 2001 census, 12.589 people lived there. Argostoli has a port and it connects with Peloponnese port, Killini. 

Lefkada (city)

Lefkada City is a Greek town which is the capital of the Greek island Lefkada. The population of Lefkada City was 10,875 people, according to the 2001 census. It is located in the north of the island Lefkada. 

Here is the narrow isthmus which separates Lefkada from continental Greece. Lefkada City is the first place visitors see, going to the island of Lefkada from continental Greece.

Lefkada has many earthquakes, so its houses are built by wood and metal. 

Komotini

Komotini is a Greek city in Greek Thrace. Thrace is a periphery in the northwest of Greece. Komotini is a capital of Rodopi prefecture. 52.659 people live there. Some of the people are Muslims. Komotini is the second city in Greece which has Muslims. The other city is Xanthi.

Raval

Raval is the God of the large Imperial Group known as The Imperial Zongian Empire, which hails from the internet game Second Life.

The Origin of Raval (In Zongian Lore) is that he was a one of the members of the rogue Linden group which is lost to SL history, named the Race Maker's a group which set out to build their own races on the game within the very pre-release of Second Life, all 10 Race Makers filled with National Socialist, Communist and Imperial ideas for how a society should be ran, Raval being the only Race Maker to proclaim himself a God, the rest proclaiming themselves the political rulers of their society, Instead Raval decided to make his first Zongian the Emperor of his society, which was the Legendary Emperor - Altmoss Torok.

The real life Raval's true identity is unknown, claiming to be immortal due to a incident he claims: "I was there with Howard Carter, when we uncovered King Tut, the others became cursed, I became blessed, by the grace of Ra sun God of the Egyptian peoples" the rest of his claim is fuzzy and hard to understand, all "Zongian-blooded" people believe his claim many who don't believe, the claim have been said to have gone missing, many scholars believe this to be the work of the Zongian High Council in real life. Tray Quandry, one of the Virtual planet's greatest Commanders once stated "Raval is my master, he is something I would not cross unless I wanted to die a coward".

Apple Worldwide Developers Conference

The Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC, also called "dub-dub") is an event held every year for software developers who create software for macOS and iOS. The first WWDC took place in 1987. After 13 years of being held in early June in San Francisco, California, WWDC returned to San Jose, California in 2017. Sometimes new products are announced at the conference.

Since 2020, WWDC is a virtual event due to COVID-19 pandemic. However, since 2023 insiders can attend an in-person event at Apple Park during WWDC.

Strum, Wisconsin

Strum is a village in Trempealeau County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. It can be found along the Buffalo River. 1,001 people were living in Strum as of the 2000 census. Strum has an area of 1.2 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.


Tony Mowbray

Anthony Mark "Tony" Mowbray (born 22 November 1963) is an English former professional football player and the current manager of Coventry City. Mowbray played for Middlesbrough, Celtic and Ipswich Town as a defender.

Mowbray was born in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, North Riding of Yorkshire. He previously managed West Bromwich Albion, Hibernian and Celtic.

Source:

Middlesbrough

Ipswich Town

Individual

West Bromwich Albion

Blackburn Rovers

Individual Awards

Primary cell

A primary cell is a battery that is made to be used one time only. It cannot be recharged. Once all the power is used up, the battery must be thrown away. It no longer makes electricity. Primary cells are often used to give power to small appliances that are used in the home.

The advantages about this kind of disposable battery include:

The disadvantages about this kind of disposable battery are that:


The following primary cells are only of historical interest. The dry cell is now almost universal.


Liam Finn

Liam Finn is a rock singer who was born in Australia, grew up in New Zealand but now lives in London in England. Liam is the son of Neil Finn, the singer of the famous group Crowded House. He sometimes plays as part of that group as well.

Liam Finn played a song in the television show of David Letterman in 2008.



Twilight (2008 movie)

Twilight is a 2008 American teen romantic-fantasy movie. It is based on the novel by Stephenie Meyer. The movie was directed by Catherine Hardwicke and stars Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart, and Taylor Lautner. Stephenie Meyer has a cameo appearance in the movie. The movie is about a teenage girl and a vampire falling in love.

The movie was a huge success. It was released in cinemas on November 21, 2008 and grossed $35.7 million on this day. Since then, it has gone on to gross over $382,133,300 worldwide. The soundtrack for the movie was released on November 4, 2008 and debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200. The soundtrack contains all of the music from the movie including music created and sung by actor Robert Pattinson, who appeared in the movie.

Bella Swan, who is seventeen years old, moves to Forks, a small town in Washington, to live with her father, Charlie, after her mother remarries. She meets many new friends at High School and they inform her about the Cullen family, and Bella becomes intrigued. Edward Cullen, who is in Bella's Biology class, acts very strangely when he sees her for the first time, which makes Bella confused. A few days later, Bella is almost hit with a blue van in the school parking lot. Edward manages to move extremely quickly by her side and pushes the van away with his hand, leaving a huge pressure mark in the side of the van. Bella did not know how he managed to do this, so she is determined to find out. However, Edward refuses to explain what happened, and warns her not to be friends with him.

After Bella does lots of research, she finds out that Edward Cullen is a vegetarian vampire. Bella and Edward fall in love and Edward introduces her to his family, Carlisle, Esme, Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie who are also vampires. They invite Bella to play baseball with them, and she agrees. However, three other vampires called James, Victoria and Laurent arrive and disrupt the game. James, who is a tracker vampire, is intrigued by Edward's protectiveness over a human girl and wants to hunt Bella. Edward and his family risk their lives to protect her, but James gets Bella on her own after lying to her that he was holding her mother hostage. James attacks Bella and bites her wrist, but Edward, along with the other Cullen family members, arrives before he can kill her. James is destroyed, and Edward sucks James's venom from Bella's wrist, preventing her from becoming a vampire. 

A severely injured Bella is taken to a hospital. Upon returning to Forks, Bella and Edward attend their school prom. While there, Bella expresses her desire to become a vampire, which Edward ignores. The movie ends with Victoria secretly watching the pair dancing, plotting revenge for her love.

Cyclone Tracy

Cyclone Tracy was a tropical cyclone that destroyed the city of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia, from Christmas Eve to Christmas Day, 1974. It is the most compact tropical cyclone on record in Australia, with the gale force winds reaching out only from the centre. It is the second most compact cyclone in the world. Tropical Storm Marco of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season had gale-force winds reaching only from the centre. After forming over the Arafura Sea, the Tracy moved south and hit the city with Category 4 winds on the Australian cyclone scale. It is possible that it had reached Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale when it made landfall.

Tracy killed 71 people, caused $837 million in damage (1974 AUD) and destroyed more than 70% of Darwin's buildings, including 80% of the houses. Of the 49,000 people who lived in Darwin, 20,000 people were left homeless. More than 30,000 people had to leave the city. Most of Darwin's population were moved to Adelaide, Whyalla, Alice Springs and Sydney. Many people never returned to Darwin. The city was rebuilt using modern materials and updated building methods. Bruce Stannard of "The Age" stated that Cyclone Tracy was a "disaster ... without parallel in Australia's history."

Kristen Stewart

Kristen Jaymes Stewart (born April 9, 1990) is an American actress working in television and movies. She is known for roles in the films "Catch That Kid", "Panic Room", "Zathura", "In the Land of Women", "Adventureland", "Into the Wild", "The Messengers", "Twilight", "" and "". In 2021, she played Princess Diana of Wales in the biopic drama "Spencer" and the role earned her her first Academy Award nomination.

Kristen Jaymes Stewart was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her father, John Stewart works as a stage manager and television producer. Kristen's mother, Jules Mann-Stewart, is a script supervisor and was born in Australia. Kristen has an older brother, Cameron Stewart.

Kristen started acting when she was eight years old, after an agent saw her perform at her school's Christmas event. Her first minor roles were in programs such as "The Thirteenth Year" and "The Safety Of Objects" and her first major role was in a movie called "Panic Room". Since then, Kristen has appeared in films such as "Cold Creek Manor", "Catch That Kid", "Undertow" and "Speak".

She won the Orange Rising Star Award in 2010.


Catch That Kid

Catch That Kid! is a 2004 American criminal comedy movie. It was directed by Bart Freundlich. It is a remake of the Danish movie "Klatretøsen" (2002). The movie's working titles were "Mission Without Permission" (also the movie's United Kingdom title) and "Catch That Girl".

Catherine Hardwicke

Catherine Hardwicke (born Helen Catherine Hardwicke; ) is an American production designer and movie director. She has worked on the movies "Thirteen", "The Nativity Story" and "Twilight".

Art museum

An art museum or art gallery is a place where works of arts are shown for people to look at. These works of art are usually paintings, but they can also be sculptures, photographs or other visual art works. Most art museums are open for the public to visit, but there are also some which are private.

What distinguishes an art museum from other galleries is that it owns the works of art. A museum has staff called "curators", who are expert on art. Art museums are often used to help teach students about the history of art. There are about 700 university art museums and galleries in the United States.

Bavarian State Opera

The Bavarian State Opera (in German: Bayerische Staatsoper) is an opera company based in Munich, Germany. It has been in existence since 1653. Its orchestra is the Bavarian State Orchestra. While opera performances are held in the Prinzregententheater (completed in 1901), the company's home base is the National Theatre Munich on Max-Joseph-Platz.

Peter Jonas is the General Director. He has been there since 1993 and is the first British director of any major German speaking Opera House. Since 1998 the conductor Zubin Mehta was music director of the Bavarian State Opera and Bavarian State Orchestra. He was followed in 2006 by Kent Nagano.


Police Academy

Police Academy is a popular movie and television series.




Tacloban

Tacloban or Tacloban City, is a highly urbanized city in the Eastern Visayas, Region 8. It is the capital city of Leyte province. Tacloban is a port city in the Philippines. It is about 360 miles (580 kilometers) southeast of Manila. It is the regional center of Eastern Visayas. The San Juanico Bridge, a famous long bridge in the Philippines, connects the city to the town of Santa Rita in Samar. 

Indian National Congress

The Indian National Congress, also called the Congress Party, is a major Indian political party. The party was founded in 1885. It is the largest constituent party of the UPA, a coalition of Indian political parties that form the opposition against the ruling NDA coalition. The party's parliamentary chairperson is Sonia Gandhi. It has registered its worst performance in an election in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.

In 1969, the party suffered a major split. A faction was led by Indira Gandhi, leaving to establish the Congress (R), with the remainder becoming the Congress (O). The Congress (R) became the dominant faction, winning the 1971 general election with a considerable margin. However, another split occurred in 1979, leading to the creation of the Congress (I), which was recognized as the Congress by the Electoral Commission in 1981. Under Rajiv Gandhi's leadership, the party won a massive victory in the 1984 general elections, nevertheless losing the election held in 1989 to the National Front. The Congress then returned to power under P. V. Narasimha Rao, who moved the party towards an economically liberal agenda, a sharp break from previous leaders. However, it lost the 1996 general election and was replaced in government by the National Front (then the BJP). After a record eight years out of office, the Congress-led coalition known as the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) under Manmohan Singh formed a government post-winning 2004 general elections. Subsequently, the UPA again established the government after winning the 2009 general elections, and Singh became the first Prime Minister since Nehru in 1962 to be re-elected after completing a full five-year term. However, in the 2014 general election, the Congress suffered a heavy defeat, winning only 48 seats of the 543-member Lok Sabha (the lower house of the Parliament of India). In the 2019 general election, the party again suffered a heavy defeat, winning only 52 seats in the Lok Sabha.

Pentium

Pentium is an x86 microprocessor, first made in 1993. It is a brand name by Intel who developed the Pentium I (1993-1999), Pentium II (1997-1999), Pentium III (1999-2003), Pentium 4 (2000-2008), Pentium M (2003-2008), Pentium D (2005-2008) and Pentium Extreme Edition (2005-2008) processors. Today, it is a low range processor in the Intel processor lineup, just above the Celeron and Atom and below the i3 in the Core family of processors.

His Dark Materials

His Dark Materials is a fantasy novel series by British author, Philip Pullman.


Spearman's rank correlation coefficient

In mathematics and statistics, Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is a measure of correlation, named after its maker, Charles Spearman. It is written in short as the Greek letter "rho" (formula_1) or sometimes as formula_2. It is a number that shows how closely two sets of data are linked. It only can be used for data which can be put in order, such as highest to lowest.

The general formula for formula_2 is formula_4.

For example, if you have data for how expensive different computers are, and data for how fast the computers are, you could see if they are linked, and how closely they are linked, using formula_2.

To work out formula_2 you first have to "rank" each piece of data. We are going to use the example from the intro of computers and their speed.

So, the computer with the lowest price would be rank 1. The one higher than that would have 2. Then, it goes up until it is all ranked. You have to do this to both sets of data.

Next, we have to find the "difference" between the two ranks. Then, you multiply the difference by itself, which is called squaring. The difference is called formula_7, and the number you get when you square formula_7 is called formula_9.

Count how much data we have. This data has ranks 1 to 5, so we have 5 pieces of data. This number is called formula_10.

Finally, use everything we have worked out so far in this formula: formula_11.

formula_12 means that we take the total of all the numbers that were in the column formula_9. This is because formula_14 means total.

So, formula_12 is formula_16 which is 4. The formula says multiply it by 6, which is 24.

formula_17 is formula_18 which is 120.

So, to find out formula_2, we simply do formula_20.

Therefore, Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is 0.8 for this set of data.

formula_2 always gives an answer between −1 and 1. The numbers between are like a scale, where −1 is a very strong link, 0 is no link, and 1 is also a very strong link. The difference between 1 and −1 is that 1 is a positive correlation, and −1 is a negative correlation. A graph of data with a formula_2 value of −1 would look like the graph shown except the line and points would be going from top left to bottom right.

For example, for the data that we did above, formula_2 was 0.8. So this means that there is a positive correlation. Because it is close to 1, it means that the link is strong between the two sets of data. So, we can say that those two sets of data are "linked", and go "up" together. If it was −0.8, we could say it was "linked" and as one goes up, the other goes down.

Sometimes, when ranking data, there are two or more numbers that are the same. When this happens in formula_2, we take the mean or average of the ranks that are the same. These are called "tied" ranks. To do this, we rank the tied numbers as if they were not tied. Then, we add up all the ranks that they would have, and divide it by how many there are. For example, say we were ranking how well different people did in a spelling test.

These numbers are used in exactly the same way as normal ranks.


Killzone 2

Killzone 2 is a first-person shooter for the PlayStation 3, made by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the third game in the Killzone series that began on the PlayStation 2 with Killzone and continued on the PlayStation Portable with Killzone: Liberation. The game was first announced at E3 2005, with a technology demo on display, while the first gameplay video was shown two years later at E3 2007.

Velafrons

Velafrons (meaning "sailed forehead") is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Mexico. Its fossils were found in the Upper Cretaceous Cerro del Pueblo Formation (about 73.5 million years old), near Rincon Colorado, Coahuila, Mexico. The type specimen is CPC-59, and the type species is "V. coahuilensis".

Manzai

A comedy team brings together a straight man ("tsukkomi") who feeds punchlines to a funny man ("boke"). A pair of comedians with a special back-and-forth style is called "kakeai manzai".
The history of "manzai" began in the Nara period.

In the Edo period, the traditional dialogue was performed on stage.

In modern times, "manzai" performances are televised in Japan.

In Japan's past, traditional "manzai" performers would go from house to house in the New Year's season. They would sing songs and perform good-luck dances in return for a small amount of rice or money.



Arsenal tube station

Arsenal tube station is a London Underground station in Highbury, north London. The station is on the Piccadilly line. It is in Travelcard Zone 2. It is between Holloway Road and Finsbury Park tube stations. The station was originally known as Gillespie Road. In 1932, it was renamed after Arsenal Football Club. It is the only Tube station named directly after a football club.

Gillespie Road station was opened by the Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway (GNP&BR) on 15 December 1906. When the different London Underground companies were joined together, the GNP&BR became the Piccadilly line. The original station building and ticket hall were designed by Leslie Green. The buildings had red terracotta on the outside. The station is similar to Holloway Road and Caledonian Road stations, also on the Piccadilly line. The station was renamed to Arsenal in 1932.


Leadbeater's possum

Leadbeater's possum ("Gymnobelideus leadbeateri") is an endangered species of Australian possum. They need food all year round, and trees with holes where they can hide during the day. They live in mixed-age wet sclerophyll forest with plenty of "Acacia".

The possum was once thought to be extinct. It now lives only in small areas of old and mixed age mountain ash forest in the central highlands of Victoria, north-east of Melbourne. 

These trees are a species of "Eucalyptus": they give off vapour which catches fire easily. About half this area was burnt in the disastrous Black Saturday bushfire in 2009. Large areas of the forest around Marysville, Narbethong and Healesville were destroyed. 

Vostok 1

Vostok 1 (, "East" or "Orient" 1) was the first flight to take a human into space. It used a Vostok 3KA spacecraft, and was launched on April 12, 1961. It took into space Yuri Gagarin, a cosmonaut from the Soviet Union. The Vostok 1 mission was the first time a person went into outer space and the first time anyone had entered into orbit. The flight made one orbit and lasted for 1 hour, 48 minutes. The Vostok 1 was launched by the Soviet space program and made by the Soviet rocket scientists Sergei Korolev and Kerim Kerimov.

The Vostok spacecraft weighed , was long and in diameter. The cosmonaut flew inside a spherical module. He sat on a seat which was also an ejection seat which allowed the cosmonaut to escape from the spacecraft in case of an emergency. The flight was simple, the cosmonaut was simply a passenger. There were controls for use in an emergency. The spacecraft had a food locker, radio, a cabinet with experiments inside, and two windows, one above the ejection seat and one to the right.. Gagarin ejected from the spacecraft after re-entry and landed by parachute.

There were six manned Vostok flights, the last one, Vostok 6, carried Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman to go into space on June 16, 1963.

Red Faction: Guerrilla

Red Faction: Guerrilla is a third-person shooter video game made by Volition, Inc. and published by THQ, with the PC version being made by Reactor Zero. The game first came out on June 2, 2009 in North America for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. In the European countries it was released on June 5 2009 and the Microsoft Windows version will be released on August 25 2009. The game is the third game in the Red Faction series.

Red Faction: Guerrilla has a third person perspective, the first two games had a first-person perspective. This was changed because Volition though that the third-person view would be better because the player would be able to see more of the environment. In Red Faction: Guerrilla, the hero, Alec Mason, can run, jump, steal vehicles, and use weapons to explore the open world of Mars and fight the EDF (Earth Defense Force).

Red Faction: Guerrilla has gotten good reviews. The Metacritic score is 85/100. The GameSpot reviewer Randolph Ramsey gave the game a, 8.5/10. He said that the physics and the realism of the game were good, but also said that the game is repetitive and that the story was not good. IGN reviewer Charles Onyett gave the game an 8/10. He said that the game is fun, but that the storyline, graphics, and voice acting are weak.

Glazed tile

A glazed tile is a tile with glaze. It is made by putting chemical glazes on the tile, let it dry, and putting it into a kiln (an oven that heats up to high temperatures). The kiln heats to about 2000 degrees turning the chemical glaze to colors. It is often framed and sold. This is a popular form of art.

Glazed tiles were used to make the roof on buildings in China.

Enola Gay

The Enola Gay is a B-29 Superfortress Bomber. This plane is famous for dropping the first atomic bomb (named Little Boy) over the Japanese city of Hiroshima during World War II. The Bomber is named after its Pilot, Paul Tibbets' mother Enola Gay Tibbets. The plane was used from 18 May 1945 to 24 July 1946, after which it was stored at Suitland, Maryland.

Paul Tibbets

Paul Warfield Tibbets, Jr (23 February 1915 – 1 November 2007) was a Brigadier general for the United States Air Force from 1937 to 1966. Paul is famous for dropping the first Atomic bomb on Hiroshima in the B-29 Superfortress called Enola Gay. He was born in Quincy, Illinois.

Tibbets died of heart failure after suffering a small stroke in Columbus, Ohio, aged 92. His remains were cremated where his ashes were later scattered across the English Channel.


Phil Jackson

Phil Jackson (born September 17, 1945) is a coach in the NBA. He has won eleven championships as coach in the NBA, six with the Chicago Bulls and five with the Los Angeles Lakers. With his 10th championship, Phil Jackson surpassed Red Auerbach, who won 9 championships before 1966. Jackson was named one of the 10 greatest coaches in league history. As of March 4, 2010, Phil Jackson has the highest winning percentage in regular season games of any coach in NBA history who coached at least 500 games. Before he was a coach, Jackson was a player for the New York Knicks and the New Jersey Nets. Jackson is from Montana. Jackson retired from coaching in 2011 and joined the Knicks as an executive in March 2014. He was dismissed as the Knicks' team president on June 28, 2017.

Kennel cough

Kennel cough or tracheobronchitis is a very easily caught dog illness. The dogs have swelling and pain of the upper breathing passages. It can be caused by viral infections such as canine distemper, canine adenovirus, canine parainfluenza virus, or canine respiratory coronavirus, or bacterial infections such as "Bordetella bronchiseptica". It is called kennel cough because the infection can spread very quickly among dogs, who live together as in a kennel or an animal shelter.

Both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing. It can also be spread through contact with things that have the bacteria or virus on them. It can still be spread days or weeks after symptoms disappear. Symptoms usually begin about 3 to 5 days after the dog is around the infected animal or object. The disease can turn into pneumonia.

Symptoms can include a harsh, dry coughing, retching, sneezing, snorting (noise made with the nose), gagging or vomiting in response to light pressing of the trachea or after excitement or exercise. The symptoms are caused by the inflammation of the airways. It can increase after excitement or exercise because of the quick breathing that takes place which causes the nerves of airway to become more stimulated. A fever is not always present. The disease can last 10–20 days and can come back when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog's immune system. Medical diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms, having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with the ground, toys, sidewalks, dog parks.

Antibiotics are given to treat any bacterial infection present. Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive (nothing is being coughed up). The usual outcome is good. Prevention is by vaccinating for canine adenovirus, distemper, parainfluenza, and "Bordetella". In kennels, the best prevention is to keep all the cages clean. Most kennels will not board dogs without proof of vaccination.



Pierre Schaeffer

Pierre Henri Marie Schaeffer (14 August 1910 – 19 August 1995) was a French musician and other things, like an inventor and engineer, and more. He was born in Nancy. He created a kind of music called musique concrète (which in the French speak means "concrete music"). This music was different from regular music, and had many sounds from things in the real world.

Schaeffer died of Alzheimer's disease in Aix-en-Provence.

Area 51

Area 51 is a military base, and a remote detachment of Edwards Air Force Base. A lot of people think that aliens are here but it has never been confirmed. It is in the southern portion of Nevada in the western United States, 83 miles (133 km) north-northwest of downtown Las Vegas. At its center, on the southern shore of Groom Lake, is a large military airfield. The base's primary purpose is to support development and testing of experimental aircraft and weapons systems: "DT." The base is in the United States Air Force's Nevada Test and Training Range NTTR, formerly called the Nellis Air Force Range NAFR. Although the facilities at the range are managed by the 99th Air Base Wing at Nellis Air Force Base, the Groom facility appears to be run as an adjunct of the Air Force Flight Test Center AFFTC at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert, around 186 miles (300 km) southwest of Groom, and as such the base is known as Air Force Flight Test Center Detachment 3.

Though the name Area 51 is used in official Central Intelligence Agency documentation, other names used for the facility include Dreamland, Paradise Ranch, Home Base, Watertown Strip, Groom Lake, and most recently Homey Airport. The area is part of the Nellis Military Operations Area, and the restricted airspace around the field is referred to as R- 4808N, known by the military pilots in the area as "The Box" or "the Container ".

The facility is not a conventional airbase, as frontline operational units are not normally deployed there. It instead appears to be used for highly classified military/defense Special Access Programs SAP, which are unacknowledged publicly by the government, military personnel, and defense contractors. Its mission may be to support the development, testing, and training phases for new aircraft weapons systems or research projects. Once these projects have been approved by the United States Air Force or other agencies such as the CIA, and are ready to be announced to the public, operations of aircraft are then moved to a regular air force base. 

There was intense secrecy surrounding the base. The U.S. government did not acknowledge its existence until July 14, 2003. This secrecy made it the frequent subject of fiction and conspiracy theories and a central component to unidentified flying object (UFO) folklore. Testing the U-2 plane in the 1950s – at altitudes much higher than commercial aircraft then flew – provoked "a tremendous increase in reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs)". 

The presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said she would release information about Area 51, as long as it did not threaten national security.

In July 2019, more than 1,700,000 people responded to a joke proposal to storm Area 51 which appeared in an anonymous Facebook post. A further 1,300,000 people said they were interested in the event, scheduled for 20 September 2019, and billed as "Storm Area 51, They Can't Stop All of Us", an attempt to "see them aliens." 

Ding Liren

Ding Liren (born 1992) is a Chinese chess grandmaster. He won the Chinese Chess Championship in 2009. On 6 June 2009, at the age of 16, he became the youngest ever person to win the national title. In October 2009.

In April 2011, Ding won the Chinese Championship for a second time.

He has been world champion since 2023.

Oliver Twist

Oliver Twist; or, The Parish Boy's Progress (1838) is Charles Dickens's second novel. It was first published as a book by Richard Bentley in 1838. It tells the story of an orphan boy and his adventures among London's slums. Oliver is captured by, and forced to work among, pickpockets and thieves until redeemed by a gentleman who has taken an interest in him. Characters include Fagin, Nancy, Bill Sykes, and the Artful Dodger. The book is one of the earliest examples of the social novel. It draws the reader's attention to evils such as child labour, the recruitment of children as criminals, and the presence of street children.

The novel may have been inspired by the story of Robert Blincoe, an orphan whose account of hardships as a child labourer in a cotton mill was widely read in the 1830s. It is likely that Dickens's own early youth as a child labourer contributed to the story's development. The book influenced American writer Horatio Alger, Jr. and his stories of poor boys living on the streets of nineteenth-century New York City.

The book has been adapted to a popular musical play called "Oliver!" and several movies, notably a 1948 production starring Alec Guiness as Fagin. A Disney animated feature about alley cats called "Oliver & Company" has also been released.

Oliver Twist is born into a life of poverty. He is raised in a workhouse in the fictional town of Mudfog. He is orphaned by his father's odd absence and his mother's death in childbirth. His mother was welcomed only in the workhouse and robbed of her gold name locket (a small case worn round someone's neck). Oliver is not well provided for under the and spends nine years living in the "care" of a woman named Mrs Mann, who embezzles much of the money given to her to take care of the babies by the parish. Oliver is brought up with little food. 

Around the time of Oliver's ninth birthday, Mr Bumble, the parish beadle, removes Oliver from the baby farm and puts him to work picking and weaving oakum (loose fibre from untwisting old rope) at the main workhouse. Oliver, who works very hard, and has very little food,stays in the workhouse for six months. One day, the very hungry boys decide to draw lots; the loser must ask for more food. This task falls to Oliver, who at the next meal begs the master for food with his famous request: "Please, sir, I want some more".

The board of well-fed gentlemen who manage the workhouse offer £5 to any person wishing to take on Oliver as an apprentice. Mr Gamfield, a brutal , almost claims Oliver. However, when Oliver begs not to be sent away with "that dreadful man", a kind magistrate lets Oliver not be taken away by Mr Gamfield. Later, Mr Sowerberry, an undertaker employed by the parish, takes Oliver into his service. He treats Oliver better and, because of Oliver's sad face, uses him as a mourner at children's funerals. Mr Sowerberry is in an unhappy marriage, and his wife looks down on Oliver and misses few opportunities to give him less food and treat him badly. He also suffers at the hands of Noah Claypole and Charlotte, the Sowerberrys' maidservant, who is in love with Noah.

Wanting to bait Oliver, Noah insults Oliver's mother, calling her "a regular right-down bad 'un". Angry, Oliver assaults. Mrs Sowerberry takes Noah's side, helps him to punch and beat Oliver. Once Oliver is sent to his room for the night, he cries. The next day Oliver runs away from the Sowerberrys' house and later decides to run away to London to seek a better life.

Nearing London, Oliver sees Jack Dawkins, a , known by the nickname the "Artful Dodger", and his sidekick, a funny boy named Charley Bates. Oliver's innocent and trusting nature fails to see any bad in their actions. The Dodger provides Oliver with a free meal and tells him of a gentleman in London who will "give him lodgings(a place to live) for nothing, and never ask for change". Grateful for the assistance, Oliver follows the Dodger to the "old gentleman's" house. In this way, Oliver falls in with an Jewish criminal known as Fagin. Not able to run away, Oliver lives with Fagin and his gang of juvenile pickpockets at Saffron Hill for some time, unaware of their criminal occupations. He believes they make wallets and handkerchiefs. He is also does not know about Fagin's lessons with the boys, whereupon he pretends to be an English gentleman browsing shops, and the boys must pick everything from his pockets while staying out of sight. Oliver considers this a strange game. Fagin has Oliver in this training until he successfully picks everything off him. Fagin rewards Oliver with a shilling and orders him out on the street with Charley Bates and the Artful Dodger.

Oliver follows the pair to "make handkerchiefs", only to learn that their real mission is to pick pockets. The Dodger and Charley steal the handkerchief of an old gentleman named Mr. Brownlow and then flee. When he finds his handkerchief missing, Mr. Brownlow turns round, sees Oliver running away in fright, and pursues him, thinking he was the thief. Others join the chase, capture Oliver, and bring him before the magistrate. Curiously, Mr. Brownlow has second thoughts about the boy – he seems not to believe he is a pickpocket. To the judge's evident disappointment, a bookstall holder who saw the Dodger commit the crime clears Oliver, who, by now actually ill, faints in the courtroom. Mr. Brownlow takes Oliver home and, along with his housekeeper Mrs. Bedwin, cares for him. While recovering, both Mrs. Bedwin and Mr. Brownlow notice how Oliver bears a striking resemblance to a painting of a woman who was the wife of a dead friend of Mr. Brownlow's.

Oliver stays with Mr. Brownlow, recovers quickly. His bliss is interrupted when Fagin, fearing Oliver might tell the police about his criminal gang, decides that Oliver must be brought back to his hideout. When Mr. Brownlow sends Oliver out to pay for some books, one of the gang, a young woman named Nancy, whom Oliver had previously met at Fagin's, approached him with help from her abusive lover, the robber Bill Sikes, and Oliver is quickly bundled back to Fagin's lair. The thieves take the five-pound note Mr. Brownlow had entrusted to him, and strip him of his new clothes. Oliver, shocked, flees and attempts to call for police assistance, but is dragged back by the Artful Dodger, Charley, and Fagin. Nancy, alone, is sympathetic towards Oliver and saves him from beatings by Fagin and Sikes.

In a renewed attempt to draw Oliver into a life of crime, Fagin forces him to participate in a burglary. Nancy reluctantly assists in recruiting him, all the while assuring the boy that she will help him if she can. Sikes, after threatening to kill him if he does not cooperate, puts Oliver through a small window and orders him to unlock the front door. The robbery goes wrong, and the people in the house shoot Oliver in his left arm. After being abandoned by Sikes, the wounded Oliver makes it back to the house and ends up under the care of the people he was supposed to rob: Miss Rose and her guardian Mrs. Maylie.

The mysterious man Monks plots with Fagin to destroy Oliver's reputation. The two of them agree on a plan to make sure he does not find out about his past. Monks is apparently related to Oliver in some way. Back in Oliver's hometown, Mr Bumble has married Mrs Corney, the matron of the workhouse where the story first began, only to find himself in an unhappy marriage, constantly arguing with his wife. After one such argument, Mr Bumble walks to a pub where he meets Monks, who questions him about Oliver. Bumble informs Monks that he knows someone who can give Monks more information for a price, and later Monks meets secretly with the Bumbles. After Mrs Bumble tells Monks all she knows for a price, Monks takes the locket and ring proving Oliver's parentage, and drops them into the river flowing under his place. Monks tells these events to Fagin, not knowing that Nancy is eavesdropping on their conversations and plans to inform Rose Maylie and Mrs Maylie. Mr Brownlow returns to London, where Oliver sees him, and brings him to meet the Maylies.

Now ashamed of her role in Oliver's kidnapping and worried for his safety, Nancy goes to Rose Maylie, staying in London. She knows that Monks and Fagin are plotting to get their hands on the boy again, and offers to meet again any Sunday night on London bridge. Rose tells Mr Brownlow, and the two then make plans with all their party in London. The first Sunday night, Nancy tries to leave for her walk, but Sikes do not give permission when she does not say exactly where she is going. Fagin realizes that Nancy is up to something and resolves to find out what her secret is.

Meanwhile, Noah has fallen out with the undertaker Mr Sowerberry, stolen money from him, and fled to London with Charlotte. Using the name "Morris Bolter", he joins Fagin's gang for protection and becomes a practicer of "the kinchin lay" (robbing of children), and Charlotte is put with the girls. Fagin sends Noah to watch the Artful Dodger on trial, after he is caught with a stolen silver snuff box; the Dodger is convicted while showing his style, with a punishment of transportation to Australia. Next, Noah is sent by Fagin to spy on Nancy, and discovers her meeting with Rose and Mr Brownlow on the bridge, hearing their discussion of why she did not appear the prior week and how to save Oliver from Fagin and Monks.

Fagin passes the information on to Sikes angrily, making the story to make it sound as if Nancy had informed on him, when she had not. Believing Nancy to be a traitor, Sikes beats her to death. He then escaped to the countryside. There, Sikes is haunted by visions of Nancy and alarmed by news of her murder spreading across the countryside. He returns to London to find a hiding place and intends to steal money from Fagin and flee to France, only to die by accidentally hanging himself while attempting to lower himself from a rooftop to flee from a mob angry at Nancy's murder.

While Sikes is running away the mob, Mr Brownlow forces Monks to listen to the story connecting him, once called Edward Leeford, and Oliver as half-brothers, or to face the police for his crimes. Their father, Edwin Leeford, was once friends with Brownlow. Edwin had been in a sad marriage that produced Monks, only to have Monks' mother separate. Edwin had associated with an older gentleman who was friends to him and Mr. Brownlow, who had had two daughters, one who was a girl of seventeen and the other a toddler. Edwin fell in love with the elder daughter, Agnes, but their relationship had been secretive. Edwin had to help a dying friend in Rome, and then died there himself, leaving Agnes, "his guilty love", in England, whereupon she died after giving birth to Oliver. Mr Brownlow has a picture of Agnes and had begun asking questions when he noticed a marked resemblance between her and Oliver. Monks had hunted his brother to destroy him, to gain all in their father's will. Meeting with Monks and the Bumbles in Oliver's native town, Brownlow asks Oliver to give half his inheritance to Monks to give him a second chance; Oliver is more than happy to comply. Monks moves to "the new world", where he dies in prison. 

Fagin is arrested, tried and condemned to the gallows. On the eve of Fagin's hanging, Oliver, accompanied by Mr Brownlow in an emotional scene, visits Fagin in Newgate Prison, in hope of retrieving papers from Monks. Fagin is lost in a world of his own fear of death.

On a happier note, Monks revealed that Rose was the younger sister of Agnes, and thus Oliver's aunt. She marries her sweetheart Harry Maylie, who gives up his political ambitions to become a parson, drawing all their friends to settle near them. Oliver lives happily with Mr Brownlow, who adopts him. Due to Noah's cooperation with the law during the pursuit of Fagin, he is granted immunity and becomes a paid, semi-professional police informer. The Bumbles lose their positions and are reduced to poverty, ending up in the workhouse themselves. All the members of Fagin's gang suffer unhappy endings, with one exception. Charley Bates, horrified by Sikes' murder of Nancy, becomes an honest citizen, moves to the country, and eventually becomes rich. The novel ends with the tombstone of Oliver's mother on which is written only one name: Agnes.

Danish Kaneria

Danish Prabha Shanker Kaneria (born 16 December 1980) is a Pakistani cricketer. He was born in Karachi and made his first cricket entrance in 2000 against England in Faisalabad. He is generally a leg spin bowler and is famous for his googlies. 

His best bowling figures are getting 7 wickets for 77 runs against Bangladesh. Kaneria was born into a Gujarati family of Marwari origin.

On June 22, 2012 Kaneria was banned for life from any involvement in the playing, organisation or administration of any cricket under the jurisdiction of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB). Kaneria was found guilty of two charges of spot fixing. 

Sachin Tendulkar

Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar (born 24 April 1973 in Mumbai) is a former Indian cricketer. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest batsman in the history of cricket. He has the highest number of runs in both Test cricket and One Day Internationals. He also has the highest number of centuries in both formats of the game. He always honoured better players than him like Garfield Sobers or Don Bradman. Sachin Tendulkar is one the richest cricketer of India.

Tendulkar scored his much awaited 100th international hundred on 16 March 2012 against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup. He became the first person in history to achieve this feat. Incidentally, it was Tendulkar's first ODI hundred against Bangladesh. He said "It's been a tough phase for me ... I was not thinking about the milestone, the media started all this, wherever I went, the restaurant, room service, everyone was talking about the 100th hundred. Nobody talked about my 99 hundreds. It became mentally tough for me because nobody talked about my 99 hundreds."



Ethelbert Nevin

Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin (born near Pittsburgh, November 25, 1862; died in New Haven, Connecticut, February 17, 1901) was an American pianist and composer. He is remembered for a small number of romantic songs and piano pieces which became extremely popular in the early 20th century.

Nevin was born in 1862, at Vineacre, on the river Ohio, near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He grew up there. His father was a newspaper editor and he taught the young boy most subjects. His mother played the piano. The family bought a grand piano, which was the first grand piano ever to be taken across the Allegheny Mountains.

Ethelbert showed musical promise when he was very young. His brother and cousins were also musical. When he was four he was playing the piano with cushions on the floor so that he could reach the pedals. His father took him to Dresden for two years to study music. He also studied in Pittsburgh and in Boston.

He started his career giving piano lessons. When he had earned enough money he went to Berlin where he had lessons from Karl Klindworth, who was a good teacher for him. He showed Nevin how important it was to have a good general knowledge, and not just to spend hours and hours practising the piano. This helped Nevin, who had good tastes in literature and he chose some good poems to make into songs.

In 1885 he was invited to join a group who had lessons from Hans von Bülow. He played works by of Brahms, Liszt, and Raff. Cosima Wagner and Joseph Joachim often came to the concerts given by this group.

In 1887 he went back to America and lived in Boston, where he taught and played in some concerts. He asked Richard Strauss to teach him composition but Strauss did not accept him.

In 1892 he went to Paris, where he taught singing, and helped many American and French opera singers to learn their parts for singing in operas. He worked very hard and his health got bad. He spent his last years in several European places and then he went back to America. He died in 1901.

Nevin's music is romantic, and sometimes rather sentimental for modern tastes. His best known piece is "Narcissus" from "Water Scenes". These pieces were used by the dancer Isadora Duncan to dance to. He also wrote a famous song called "The Rosary" and "Mighty Lak' a Rose".
Nevin was pictured on a 1940 ten cent U.S. postage stamp.


Eucalyptus regnans

Eucalyptus regnans, also called Mountain Ash, Victorian Ash, Swamp Gum, Tasmanian Oak or Stringy Gum, is a species of "Eucalyptus" from Victoria and Tasmania. It can grow to more than and is the tallest flowering plant in the world.

It is an evergreen tree, the tallest eucalyptus tree, growing 70–120 m (230–400 feet) tall. It has a straight, grey trunk with smooth bark. The leaves are narrow, curved, and end in a point, like a sickle. They grow up to long and wide. They are green to grey-green with a red stalk. The flowers are in groups of 9-15 together, each flower about 1 cm (0.5 in) diameter with a ring of many white stamens. The fruit is a hard nut, up to 9 mm (0.5 in) long and 7 mm (0.4 in) wide.

Mountain Ash are found in cool, deep soiled, mountain areas to above sea level, with high rainfall of over each year. They grow very quickly, at more than a metre (3 feet) a year, and can reach in 50 years. They live for an average life-span of 400 years. The fallen logs continue supporting a rich variety of life for centuries more on the forest floor.

Unusually for a eucalypt, Mountain Ash does not regrow after fire. They grow only from seed which are released from their woody gumnuts by heat. The seedlings need a lot of light, much more than reaches the forest floor normally when there are mature trees blocking the sun. Severe fires can kill all the trees in a forest, which causes a massive release of seed to take advantage of the nutrients in the ash bed. Up to 2.5 million seedlings per have been recorded after a major fire. Competition and natural thinning slowly reduces the number of mature trees to about 30 to 40 per hectare. Because it takes roughly 20 years for seedlings to reach become old enough to make seeds, repeated fires in the same area can cause local extinctions. If, however, there are no fires to release seeds, the trees die off after about 400 years and are replaced by other species.

"Eucalyptus regnans" is the tallest of all flowering plants, and possibly the tallest of all plants, although no living trees can make that claim. The tallest tree, named "Centurion", stands 99.6 metres tall in Tasmania. There are 16 living trees in Tasmania that have been measured taller than 90 metres. The tallest tree ever found was the "Ferguson Tree", at 132.6 metres, found in the Watts River region of Victoria in 1872. It had fallen over and was measured by William Ferguson, the Inspector of State Forests. The top of the tree had broken off, but the trunk was still more than one metre in diameter. Ferguson guessed the tree would have been more than 152 metres in height.

"Eucalyptus regnans" is valued for its timber, and large areas of trees have been cut down. The main uses are building timber and woodchipping. It also used for newsprint in the 20th century. Most of the woodchips are sent to Japan. While the area of natural stands with large old trees is rapidly decreasing, large areas of new trees exist. It is increasingly grown in plantations where the long, straight, fast growing trunks are more valuable than the old growth timber.

The timber is rather rough (stringy) in texture. It is easy to work and the grain is straight with long, clear sections without knots. The wood works reasonably well for steam-bending. It is used for furniture, flooring, woodpanelling, veneer, plywood, window frames and general building.

Bahía Lomas

Bahía Lomas is a protected wetland area in Chile. It was declared as a legal measure of protecting the site, which is expected to be nominated as a Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve under the RAMSAR Convention.


Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon

Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon is the 4th Destroy All Humans! in the series first released December 1, 2008 in North America for the Xbox 360. The game is made by THQ's Sandblast Games studio for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.

Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon has around 30 story missions, 20 side quests, and multiplayer modes. As with previous games in the series, most story missions can be played in any order. Creative director Jon Knoles said that the side quests would have something to do with the story.

The player plays as Crypto, an alien. He can shoot humans, use the jet pack, and use Psychokinesis at the same time. There are now flying enemies, like helicopters and Nexo UFO's that can attack Crypto while he is in his UFO. Buildings can be destroyed and scarred in different ways when attacked with different weapons. The game has a new alert scheme with police, SWAT, military awareness, and Nexo alert. Electricity goes through power lines when damage is caused to them. The player can exit and enter some buildings during some missions.

The game was given 34/100 by the site Metacritic. 

The Simpsons: Hit &amp; Run

The Simpsons Hit & Run is an action-adventure video game based on the animated sitcom (comedy TV show) "The Simpsons". It was released for the Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, PlayStation 2, and Windows in the United States on September 16, 2003 and in Europe on October 31, 2003. The game was developed or made by Radical Entertainment and published or was put out to be sold by Vivendi Universal. To make the game harder and more fun, the story and dialogue were written by the writers of the TV show. The voices were supplied by the cast of "The Simpsons".

The game follows the Simpson family and the people who live in Springfield, who see many strange things that happen in their town. When the Simpsons themselves decide to find out what is going on, they find out that aliens Kang and Kodos are filming a reality television series about the city. To make the show more interesting, the aliens release Buzz Cola, a soda that makes people go crazy, into Springfield's water supply. With help from Professor Frink, Homer is able to destroy the aliens' spaceship, and Springfield and its people are returned to normal.

The game received mostly positive, or good reviews from video game critics. Praise was given mostly on how much the game is was like the show and its funny take on the "Grand Theft Auto III" video game. The game received the award for Fave Video Game at the 2004 Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards. More than three million copies of the game were sold as of June 2007.

"Hit & Run" has seven levels, each with missions and a unique plot. The player can only move, or control one certain character in each level. The game's playable characters are Homer Simpson, Bart Simpson, Lisa Simpson, Marge Simpson, and Apu Nahasapeemapetilon. When walking, the playing character can walk, run, and perform many attacks: a normal kick, a jumping kick, and a smashing move. To drive, the player can either drive one of the many vehicles that are on the road, a feature taken from "Grand Theft Auto 3", or use a phone booth to choose a car. The game's driving missions are also similar to those of "Grand Theft Auto 3". In both games, the player races against other characters, gets items before a timer runs out, and wrecks other cars.

Notes

Brandy

Brandy is a type of alcoholic beverage. It has about 36%-60% alcohol (60-120 proof). It is from a distillation of fermented fruit juices or fruit mash. The color is amber/brown. It has a sweet flavor. It is normally an after dinner drink.

Brandy has a traditional age grading system, although its use is unregulated outside of Cognac and Armagnac. These indicators can usually be found on the label near the brand name:



NASDAQ

NASDAQ is a stock exchange in New York City. It stands for National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations. About 3,800 companies trade on it. It is owned by a company called Nasdaq, Inc.

NASDAQt was founded in 1971 by the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD).

In 2023 it bought the financial software company Adenza, for $10.5 billion.

Internet Engineering Task Force

The Internet Engineering Task Force, or IETF, is the main organization that researches and promotes new Internet standards. It is an open volunteer organization.

A Request for Comments, or RFC, is a document from the IETF. These are divided into several categories: Informational, Historical, and Standard-track. Only Standard-track are Internet Standards.

Iranian Arabs

Arabic-speaking Iranians (ایرانیان عرب ) are the Arabic-speaking peoples of Iran. Most Iranian Arabs live in the coastal regions of southern Iran by the Persian Gulf. Iranian Arab communities are also found in Bahrain, Kuwait, Iraq, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.

Tibetan Muslims

The Tibetan Muslims, also known as the Kachee (Kache) in Tibet, are Tibetans who follow the religion of Islam. They are a minority in Tibet. The Tibetan word Kachee literally means Kashmir and Kashmir was known as Kachee Yul (Yul = Country) to the Tibetans. Islam in Tibet came through Kashmir.

Despite being in small number, Tibetan Muslims live throughout Tibet. Many of them can be found in Lhasa and Shigatse. Some also live outside the Tibet Autonomous Region. Ethnic groups such as the Baltipa and Purigpa are Tibetans too, and are known as Tibetan Muslims as well. These other groups, however, are mainly found in the Baltiyul, and Ladakh areas of Pakistan and India.

Lure, Haute-Saône

Lure is a French city in the Haute-Saône department in eastern France. About people live there.

Burnout Paradise

Burnout Paradise is the seventh video game of the Burnout series made by Criterion Games. It was released in January 2008 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and on February 5, 2009 on Microsoft Windows. It was also released on the PlayStation Store in September 2008. It has an open world set in the fictional Paradise City.

The Wave 96.4 FM

The Wave is a local radio station in South Wales. It is available on 96.4 FM, digital radio and on the Internet, in Swansea, Llanelli, Neath and Port Talbot. It plays a mix of popular music and news.

The Big Top 40 Show

The Big Top 40 Show is a commercial record chart show broadcast on radio stations in the United Kingdom. It is powered by the download company iTunes.

Hurricane Boris (1996)

Hurricane Boris was a deadly storm. It was the fourth cyclone of the 1996 Pacific hurricane season. It formed on June 27. During the night the depression became Tropical Storm Boris. Shortly after this, Boris rapidly became stronger. It became a hurricane. Just as an eye started to form, Boris made landfall in Mexico. It had the strongest winds of 85 mph (140 kn/h). It quickly became weaker. It ended on July 1. Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico. Ten deaths were reported.

Boris came from a tropical wave that moved off Africa on June 8. It passed near the Cape Verde Island with no convection. It went across Central America on June 23. The wave was very poorly defined on satellite images for many days. The first signs of a circulation on satellite imagery appeared on the 26th. It was about 250 miles south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. The system became a tropical depression on the 27th when convective banding increased around the center.

At its first advisory, it was noted that it got better organized. At that time, there were tropical storm warnings for Mexico. It was also noted the Aviation model forecast Tropical Depression Four-E to make landfall in Mexico as a weak tropical storm in 12 hours. Around that time, the forecast track was issued by the National Hurricane Center late on June 27. It said that it would receive an outflow from Hurricane Alma close by. At the same time the Ukmet model had Tropical Depression Four-E remaining offshore Mexico. The same model also had the depression becoming Tropical Storm Boris. The National Hurricane Center forecasted Tropical Depression Four-E to become Tropical Storm Boris and make landfall in Mexico with winds of . In the same advisory, it was noted that the outer rain bands of brand new Tropical Depression Four-E had moved onshore Mexico.

The tropical cyclone moved northwestward at 8 to 10 knots for the next two days. It became stronger from 25 knots to 80 knots during a 36-hour period. It had a ragged eye appearing on satellite imagery just before landfall on the afternoon of June 29. It had a peak intensity of . This made Boris a moderate Category 1 hurricane. The center crossed the south coast of Mexico midway between Lazaro Cardenas and Acapulco. Boris quickly became weaker. It became a depression and turned southwestward in response to a building ridge to its north. The system was disrupted by the mountainous terrain of Mexico and dissipated on the July 1 after moving back over water just south of Puerta Vallarta.

Hurricane Boris was, in general, a well-forecast storm. Due to the short time when the system was at or above tropical storm intensity, long-range forecasts were not verified. The average errors were at one and a half days in the future. As Hurricane Boris was approaching Mexico, a tropical storm watch was issued for the coast between Manzanillo and Puerto Escondido on June 28. From Manzanillo to Puerto Maldonado, the tropical storm warning changed to a hurricane warning the same day.

Boris caused ten deaths. Nearby, three other people drowned and five fishermen went missing. Rain was heavy throughout the impacted region. The highest totals were in Guerrero. A total of 12.16 inches was recorded in Coyuca de Benítez. The highest total was 14.98 in Paso de San Antonio, to the east of the point of landfall. Those rains caused a flood of the San Jeronimo River, which left at least 5,000 people without a home. Tecpan was badly hit by the storm. It reported heavy damage. This included many homes destroyed, at least one person was killed and the storm also flooded lobbies of hotels along the coast. In Acapulco a child was killed when a roof collapsed. Strong surf pushed fishing boats against a sea wall. The storm blew down trees and business signs. Streets were flooded to the level of hubcaps. A total of about 10,000 people were left homeless. At least 70 people were injured. Approximately 12 boats sunk offshore.

Henryk Szeryng

Henryk Szeryng (pronounce: SHERR-ing), (born Żelazowa Wola, Poland, 22 September 1918; died Kassel, 8 March 1988) was a Polish-born violinist who later became Mexican. He is thought to be one of the greatest violinists of his time.

Szeryng was born in a very small village called Żelazowa Wola in Poland. The famous composer Chopin had also been born in this village. Henryk started to learn the piano from his mother when he was five. When he was seven he changed to the violin. His violin teacher was Maurice Frenkel who had been an assistant to the famous violin teacher Leopold Auer. Four years later he went to Berlin to study with Carl Flesch who was a wonderful teacher for him. Szerynk later said: “Everything I know about the violin I learned from him. After three years he went to Paris to have lessons with Jacques Thibaud at the Paris Conservatory. He got the first prize in 1937. He also studied composition in Paris with Nadia Boulanger, and continued studying with her until 1939.

He gave his first solo performance on 6 January 1933 playing the Brahms Violin Concerto with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra. Szeryng spoke seven languages fluently, so when World War II broke out he became an official interpreter for the Polish government which was based in exile in London. He went with the prime minister to Mexico to find a home for refugees. During the war he gave more than 300 concerts for Allied troops all over the world. During one of these concerts in Mexico City he was given the job of being head of the string department of the university there.

In 1946, he became a naturalized citizen of Mexico.

Szeryng spent several years teaching the violin. Then the pianist Artur Rubinstein told him he ought to perform again, so in 1954 he started to give concerts once more. He spent the rest of his life touring all over the world playing the violin. He made many recordings, and also played many works by Mexican composers, helping them to make their music better known. He became Mexico’s special advisor at UNESCO in Paris. He continued to spend some time teaching, especially in Mexico. He owned several wonderful violins, some of which he gave away.

He died in Kassel. 

Szeryng is remembered for the beautiful tone that he made. He had an amazing technique. He always played very precisely in tune, even “bending” notes slightly to make his intonation very expressive. He could get different qualities of sound by turning the bow slightly or by changing the speed of his vibrato. He was able to play with great emotion in a very individual way. 


Elin Nordegren

Elin Maria Pernilla Nordegren Woods (born January 1, 1980) was a Swedish model and former wife of Tiger Woods. Nordegren and Woods divorced in 2010.

Ivana Trump

Ivana Trump (born Ivana Marie Zelníčková; (); February 20, 1949 – July 14, 2022) was a Czech-American businesswoman, former Olympic skiier and model. She was best known for her marriage to Donald Trump, which ended in divorce. They had three children together, Donald Trump Jr, Ivanka Trump, and Eric Trump.

In 2010, she was a contestant in the British version of "Celebrity Big Brother".

Trump died on July 14, 2022 in her Manhattan, New York City home at the age of 73. The next day, it was revealed that Trump died of "blunt impact injuries to the torso" after falling on her staircase.

She was buried at the Trump National Golf Club Bedminster in Bedminster, New Jersey.

Elasmotherium

Elasmotherium is an extinct giant rhinoceros.

It lived from 2.6 million years ago (mya) to about 50,000 years ago. Fossils have been found in Europe and Asia. This giant lived and grazed on the Eurasian steppes (grasslands).

"Elasmotherium" was a heavily-built quadruped that walked on four hoofed legs. Its legs were longer than those of other rhinos and were adapted for galloping, giving it a horse-like gait.

It probably had a large horn on its forehead, but fossils of the horn have not been found. The teeth were tall-crowned and were covered with cement and wrinkled enamel. Its mouth at the front was a beak; there are no teeth in front of the molars.

The specimens of "E. sibiricum" are up to in body length with shoulder heights over . "E. caucasicum" was at least in body length with an estimated mass of . This is based on isolated molars which are larger than those of the Siberian species. 

Both species were among the largest in the family Rhinocerotidae, comparable in size to the woolly mammoth and larger than the woolly rhinoceros. The feet were unguligrade, the front larger than the rear, with 4 digits at the front and 3 at the rear.

Master of Science

Master of Science (usually abbreviated MSc) is a postgraduate degree. It is awarded by universities. Usually, it is awarded for studies in natural sciences or Engineering. A Master of Science is usually awarded after a Bachelor of Science, and after presenting an academic thesis work. It is required for many jobs especially in research. It is usually required to start a doctorate.

Natural sciences

There are some sciences that are used to study nature. According to these sciences, the things that can be observed in nature follow certain rules. These rules are often unknown, and natural sciences are about finding them. They often use what is called the scientific method to do this.


Some sciences, like Mathematics, can help in all of the above. They make it easier to talk about rules and models.

Other sciences that mainly look at how humans think and behave, and about their society are called social sciences.

The natural sciences are used to make new things (applied science). The natural sciences are guides to test new ideas. They are used to solve engineering problems and technology problems. Math helps the natural sciences to solve problems and make new things. Computers do this too. Computers and math are tools for the natural sciences.

The following sciences are natural sciences: 

Concentric zone model

The Concentric zone model, or Burgess model is a model to explain how a settlement, such as a city, will grow. It was developed by Ernest W. Burgess between 1925 and 1929. Burgess looked at the growth of Chicago in the late 19th and early 20th century. Many people moved to Chicago at that time. 

The model was the first to explain why certain groups of people lived in certain areas of the city. Burgess said that there were circles around the center of the city. The circle a piece of land was in determined how it was used. Burgess saw different zones, starting at the center:

Burgess saw that richer people tended to live farther away from the city center. When the city grew, the city center would grow; the rings would also shift outwards.

The model also has some problems, for example:


Equilibrium

An equilibrium is a state of a system where all forces acting on the system is balanced. A system that is in equilibrium does not change. The word has been used for different concepts from different fields of study. 


Chemical equilibrium is an idea which describes the behavior of chemical reactions over time. In reactions that have finished reacting and have attained equlibrium, the concentrations of the reactant and product chemicals do not change. An example of an equilibrium reaction is as follows: 

formula_1

In the example above, the double arrow shows that the reaction is an equilibrium reaction. This means that the forward reaction and the backward reaction can happen, usually due to a small enthalpy change in each reaction. Hence, the amount of product chemicals to reactant chemicals remains a fixed value, and such a ratio is called the equilibrium constant (K). 

The equilibrium constant is a ratio of the concentration of the products raised to the appropriate powers to the concentration of the reactants raised to the appropriate powers. In the above example, the equilibrium constant is as follows: 

formula_2

For some reactions, the equilibrium constant is very large, in which case nearly all of the reactant chemical is turned into products, such as when paper is burned. For other reactions, it is very small, which results in very little products being formed. If the equilibrium constant is close to 1, a mixture of both products and reactants is expected at equilibrium. 

When chemists talk about equilibrium constants, they call reactions with large K values favorable and reactions with small K values unfavorable. It is important to note, however, these terms are not judgements about the value or usefulness of a particular chemical reaction. In fact, some very important reactions are actually "unfavorable"; one such example is the synthesis of ammonia from nitrogen and hydrogen gas (Haber process), which has a rather small equilibrium constant. 

Understanding how chemical equilibriums work is important as it helps in understanding how a reaction happens. It allows chemists to calculate how much products will be formed from a reaction. 

The concept of Le Chatelier's principle is important in predicting how an equilibrium will change when different factors are changed in a system. For example, using the Le Chatelier's principle, we are able to predict how the position of equilibrium will change when the concentration of a certain reactant/product has changed, as the system will try to counteract the change by favoring either the forward or the backward reaction

An exception to this rule is when an outside energy source forces the reaction to occur in the opposite direction, such as when a battery is recharged. Knowing the equilibrium constant of a reaction also helps you to understand the flow of energy that occurs during the reaction (thermodynamics).

Packet (computing)

In Information technology, a packet is a collection of data that can be used by computers which need to communicate with each other, usually as part of a network. Some computers and networks do not use packets to communicate. But most currently do, including nearly all computers on the Internet. Packets allow many computers on a network to communicate more quickly and easily.

A packet consists of two kinds of data: packet information and packet "data" (or "payload"). If you think of a packet like a letter in the mail, the "control information" is like the outside of the envelope. There's an address that says where to send the letter, and a stamp that says how to send it (fast or slow). Similarly, the computer uses the "control information" in the packet to decide where, and how, to send the data. People aren't usually interested in the control information.

The "user data" is like the inside of the envelope. It is the actual information the computer is trying to send. This might be any kind of digital data, such as words, pictures, music, or computer programs. It's generally for people or computers to use, but not for the packet system to use. 

Different communication protocols put the control information and user information in different places, or make it look different. But they still do the same thing.

Sometimes the computers make mistakes while transmitting data, or have trouble "hearing" each other. So many packets use a checksum or cyclic redundancy check to make sure they have the right information. This is usually one component of the control information. This helps to make sure the packets themselves have the right information. But then computers also need to get the right packets.

Designing computer networks can be difficult. Even though today's computers are very advanced, sometimes information doesn't arrive where it's supposed to. Sometimes computers try to fix this and end up sending it twice. And sometimes the information doesn't arrive in the right order. The Transmission Control Protocol, or TCP, was invented to fix these problems. But since it is complex, some computers use the User Datagram Protocol, or UDP, instead.

Errors and residuals in statistics

Statistical errors and residuals occur because measurement is never exact.

It is not possible to do an exact measurement, but it is possible to say how accurate a measurement is. One can measure the same thing again and again, and collect all the data together. This allows us to do statistics on the data. What is meant by errors and residuals is the difference between the observed or measured value and the real value, which is unknown. 

If there is only one random variable, the difference between statistical errors and residuals is the difference between the mean of the population against the mean of the (observed) sample. In that case the residual is the difference between what the probability distribution says, and what was actually measured.

Suppose there is an experiment to measure the height of 21-year-old men from a certain area. The mean of the distribution is 1.75 m. If one man chosen at random is 1.80 m tall, the "(statistical) error" is 0.05 m (5 cm); if he is 1.70 tall, the error is −5 cm.

A residual (or fitting error), on the other hand, is an observable "estimate" of the unobservable statistical error. The simplest case involves a random sample of "n" men whose heights are measured. The "sample" mean is used as an estimate of the "population" mean. Then we have:


The sum of the residuals within a random sample must be zero. The residuals are therefore "not independent". The sum of the statistical errors within a random sample need not be zero; the statistical errors are independent random variables if the individuals are chosen from the population independently.

In sum:


Quartet

Generally speaking, a quartet is a group of four. In music, a quartet is a group of four people playing or singing four different parts to make a piece of music, such as a string quartet or a barbershop quartet.

Bank and Monument stations

Bank and Monument are interlinked stations, officially one station known operationally as the "Bank-Monument complex". However, separate names are used on station entrances, platforms and the tube map. The complex spans the length of King William Street in the City of London. Together they form the eighth busiest station on the network, being served by five London Underground lines and the Docklands Light Railway (DLR). 
The two parts of the combined station take their names from the nearby Bank of England and the Monument to the Great Fire of London. The complex is in Travelcard Zone 1.

London Buses routes 8, 11, 21, 23, 25, 26, 40, 43, 76, 133, 141, 242 and 388 and night bus routes N8, N11, N21, N26, N76, N133, N550 and N551 serve the station.



Packet

Packet may refer to:


Barbican tube station

Barbican is a London Underground station serving the Barbican Centre in the City of London, England. It is on the Circle, Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines. It is between Farringdon and Moorgate. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. First Capital Connect trains used to stop at this station on their way to Moorgate station, but this stopped in March 2009. The outbound service calling here was abandoned many years before. 


Barking station

Barking station is a railway station served by National Rail, London Underground and London Overground services. It is in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in East London. The station is in Zone 4 and is managed by c2c.


Barkingside tube station

Barkingside tube station is a London Underground station on the Central Line. It has been in Travelcard Zone 4 since 2 January 2007. It is on the eastern edge of Barkingside in the London Borough of Redbridge, at the end of a cul-de-sac called Station Road. The station is above ground and has two platforms - northbound and southbound. The station is located at .


Barons Court tube station

Barons Court is a London Underground station on the District and Piccadilly lines. It is in West Kensington, Greater London. The station is located on Gliddon Road, a short distance from Talgarth Road (A4) in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. Barons Court is between West Kensington and Hammersmith on the District Line, and between Earl's Court and Hammersmith on the Piccadilly Line. It is in Travelcard Zone 2.



Bayswater tube station

Bayswater is a London Underground station. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. It is on the Circle and District lines. It is between Notting Hill Gate and Paddington.

Beckton DLR station

Beckton DLR station is the eastern terminus of the Beckton branch of the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in the Docklands area of east London. The DLR branch from Poplar was opened on 28 March 1994.


Beckton Park DLR station

Beckton Park DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in the Docklands area of east London. The station is located by the north quay (wharf) of the Royal Albert Dock (though no foot access is possible). The station is opposite Beckton District South Park, which is open space leading to housing in South Beckton.


Becontree tube station

Becontree Station is a London Underground station on the District Line, in Becontree. The station is in Zone 5.

Balham station

Balham station is the name given to the London Underground and the National Rail stations in the Balham area of south London, England. The station is on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.


Methadone

Methadone is a synthetic opioid. It is used as an analgesic. Besides relieving pain, it is also used to treat addiction to certain narcotics, and some illegal drugs. Methadone can also lead to: memory loss, shortness of breath, throat pains, stomach aches, and anxiety attacks.

Red Dragon FM

Red Dragon FM was a radio station in South East Wales, broadcasting to Cardiff, Newport and the surrounding areas. Colleagues are The Wave 96.4 FM, 95.8 Capital FM and Gold. In 2010 the name of the company changed to Capital FM. Some of the competitions and other content w were removed as part of a clean-up process due to happen in other capitals in the United Kingdom.

Soapy Smith

Jefferson Randolph "Soapy" Smith II (November 2, 1860 - July 8, 1898) was an American confidence trickster and gangster. He was a major figure in organized crime in Colorado and Skagway, Alaska.

He was born in Coweta County, Georgia. He was killed in a shootout in Skagway when he was 37.

Paul Williams (songwriter)

Paul Hamilton Williams (born September 19, 1940 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American musician, songwriter and actor.

As a boy, Williams auditioned for a role in a television series, "Circus Boy", which went to another boy, young Micky Dolenz. Ten years later, Williams auditioned for "The Monkees", and was again beaten out for a role by Dolenz. There were no hard feelings between the two, and the Monkees later recorded "Someday Man", which Williams cowrote with Roger Nichols.

Williams's songs include hits for Three Dog Night ("An Old Fashioned Love Song", "Family of Man", "Out in the Country"), Helen Reddy ("You and Me Against the World"), and the Carpenters ("Rainy Days and Mondays," "I Won't Last a Day Without You," and "We've Only Just Begun"). He wrote many songs with Kenneth Ascher, including "The Rainbow Connection", featured in "The Muppet Movie".

His acting credits include roles in "Battle for the Planet of the Apes", "Phantom of the Paradise" (a retelling of "Phantom of the Opera"; Williams also wrote the music), Little Enos Burdette in "Smokey and the Bandit", and Miguelito Loveless Jr. in "The Wild Wild West Revisited".

He is also known for voicing The Penguin in "".

In 2013, Paul Williams was revealed to be working with French electronic duo Daft Punk on their album "Random Access Memories" singing the song "Touch" and co-wrote "Beyond". 

Injection

An injection, known as a shot is putting liquid into the body, usually with a needle and a syringe. There are many different kinds of injections, such as:

Injections can be used to prevent illness or to give medicine.

Injections that prevent illness put a dead or weakened version of the virus they want to prevent into the body. The body then 'remembers' the virus to make future encounters of the virus easier to manage.

Western Desert cultural bloc

The Western Desert cultural bloc or just Western Desert is a cultural region in Australia covering about 600 000 square kilometres, including the Gibson Desert, the Great Victoria Desert, the Great Sandy Desert and Little Sandy Deserts in the Northern Territory, South Australia and Western Australia. The Western Desert can be said to stretch from the Nullarbor in the south to the Kimberley region of Western Australia in the north, and from the Percival Lakes in the west through to the Pintupi lands in the Northern Territory.

This term is often used by anthropologists and linguists when discussing the 40 or so Aboriginal groups that live there, who speak dialects of one language, often called the Western Desert language.

The Lonely Island

The Lonely Island is an American comedy trio including Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, and Akiva Schaffer. They are from Berkeley, California, but are now based in New York City. They work for "Saturday Night Live". They are known for songs such as "I'm On A Boat", "Like a Boss", "Jizz in My Pants", "Dick in a Box", and "Lazy Sunday". They have three albums called "Incredibad", "Turtleneck and Chain and The Wack Album."

The three members of the Lonely Island (Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer, and Jorma Taccone) all grew up in Berkeley, California, and met in junior high school. The three friends moved to Los Angeles and rented an apartment, which they called the Lonely Island.

With increasing recognition, the trio was invited to write parts of the 2005 MTV Movie Awards, which Jimmy Fallon was hosting. Impressed with their material, he brought them to the attention of Lorne Michaels, the producer of "Saturday Night Live", who agreed to see them. 

Samberg auditioned for the show. He was the only member of TLI who had also been doing stand-up comedy in his free time He was called back for a second audition a few weeks later and was invited to be a cast member; Schaffer and Taccone were invited to join the writing staff based on their work in the trio. Since their arrival on "SNL", the group has written some of the most popular bits in recent "SNL" history, most notably, the "SNL" Digital Shorts. 
The group also made the skit "MacGruber", in which Will Forte plays a MacGyver parody as the main character. In every episode, MacGruber is trapped with his helpers, played by Kristen Wiig (originally Maya Rudolph) and a third person, usually the episode's host and occasionally Richard Dean Anderson as MacGyver, in a room with a bomb that is about to explode. 

MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to stop the bomb, but he is later distracted by something (usually involving his personal life) that makes him run out of time. Every skit ends with the bomb and place where they are in exploding. All of the skits are directed by Taccone (except for 2 episodes which were directed by writer John Solomon). 

The Lonely Island released their first album, "Incredibad", on February 10, 2009, on Universal Republic Records. Many of the songs on the album debuted on "Saturday Night Live" as SNL Digital Shorts. The album also includes a DVD featuring some of the digital shorts. 

Collaborators on the album include T-Pain, Norah Jones, Jack Black, E-40, Julian Casablancas of The Strokes, Sly & Robbie, DJ Nu-Mark, J-Zone, Natalie Portman, Chris Parnell, and Justin Timberlake. 


Portal (video game)

Portal is a puzzle video game made by Valve Corporation set inside the "Half-Life" series. It was originally sold in "The Orange Box", a game collection deal which came with the Valve-made games "Portal", "Half-Life 2", and "Team Fortress 2". It is now sold by itself and is available for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Mac and PC.

The player plays as a woman named Chell who has to go though tests while being watched by a computer named GLaDOS, an acronym for Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System. GLaDOS provides all of the game's dialog and is known for being clever, funny, and sarcastic, promising the player character a cake if all of the tests are finished. GLaDOS and the testing rooms were created by a company called Aperture Science, which competes with Black Mesa. The player must use a gun, called the Portal Gun, that makes two linked holes, called portals, to solve puzzles. The two portals, one blue and one orange, are linked together and let the player get from one place to another. When the player enters the blue portal, they will come out of the orange portal. When the player enters the orange portal, they will come out of the blue portal.

Portal has many jokes in it that have become popular on the internet, for example, "the cake is a lie". Because the game was very popular, Valve made a sequel in 2011, called "Portal 2".

The game starts with Chell waking up in a small glass room that has only a bed, a toilet, and a radio inside. She is told by GLaDOS that testing will start soon, and an orange portal opens on one of the walls. Once the player goes through, she enters the testing rooms and begins testing. There are 20 testing rooms, called Test Chambers, in all.

The tests start out simple. Chell has to pick up boxes, called Weighted Storage Cubes (Cubes for short), and put them on buttons, which will open the door to the exit of the chamber. At this point, GLaDOS speaks to Chell as a guide, praises her, and promises her cake when the tests are over. Near the beginning of the game, Chell gets the Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device, also known as the Portal Gun. At first, her Portal Gun only makes blue portals and the orange portals are made by GLaDOS. Later, Chell gets the full Portal Gun and can make both blue and orange portals.

The tests become more and more dangerous farther into the game. In some rooms, there is poison on the floor. In others, there are balls of electricity called High Energy Pellets which will kill Chell if she touches them. During these tests, GLaDOS becomes more and more sarcastic, giving Chell useless advice, such as "The floor here will kill you. Try to avoid it." At one point, GLaDOS tells Chell a chamber is broken and she must go through a chamber full of sentry guns, called Turrets, instead. If a Turret sees Chell, it will shoot at her until she dies. In this chamber is a hidden room. In the hidden room are drawings and writing on the walls left by an unknown person. The writing says things like "the cake is a lie" and "she's always watching" with a picture of a camera. There are more rooms like this in later chambers.

In another chamber, Chell has to use the Weighted Companion Cube, which looks like a Weighted Storage Cube with hearts on it, to solve the test. During the test, GLaDOS tells Chell several times that the Companion Cube is not alive, but at the end of the test, she tells Chell she has to "kill" the Companion Cube to get to the next test. 

During the last test, Chell has to stand on a moving platform. At the end of the platform's track, it will carry her into a fire pit. GLaDOS thanks Chell for doing the tests. At the last minute, Chell uses her Portal Gun to escape the trap. While trying to escape the building, Chell is led into a room where she finds GLaDOS. Chell breaks a white ball that fell out of GLaDOS. GLaDOS tells her she was stupid to break it because they did not know what it was, but GLaDOS quickly figures out it was her morality core. She tells Chell the people who worked for Aperture Science installed it to make her stop killing them with "Deadly Neuro-Toxin". Because Chell broke it, GLaDOS can use the Neuro-Toxin again. Chell has a time limit of 6 minutes to kill GLaDOS before the Neuro-Toxin kills Chell. After breaking pieces off of her and burning them, GLaDOS is destroyed and Chell escapes the building. 

After Chell escapes, she faints, and a robot drags her back into the building. During the credits, GLaDOS sings a song called "Still Alive" written by Jonathan Coulton, that says even though Chell killed her, she is still alive.

"Portal" is a first-person shooter game, which means that it is played from the view of the player character, Chell. When players get the fully-powered portal gun, they can make two portals that are linked together on some white surfaces. Chell starts out with nothing, only able to do what GLaDOS lets her, such as entering portals created by GLaDOS and using cubes that GLaDOS gives her. Once Chell gets a half-powered portal gun, she can fire a blue portal that connects to orange portals that GLaDOS puts in the rooms. When Chell gets the fully-powered portal gun, she can put both portals anywhere. 

The portals are linked, making a tunnel that Chell can walk through. The tunnel works in both directions, so if Chell enters a blue portal, she will exit from an orange portal, and if she enters an orange portal, she will exit from a blue portal. The purpose of the portals is to make shortcuts to different areas, for example, if the player needs to get to a high ledge but is unable to jump to it, they can put a blue portal at their level and fire an orange portal above the ledge. Going through those portals will get the player onto the ledge.

The portals can be used in different ways, notably as a way to catapult Chell. If the player cannot put a portal on a high ledge but can put one on a wall across from the ledge and one on the floor below, these portals can be used to propel Chell forward far enough to reach the ledge. This is because portals do not affect forward momentum. When Chell enters the portal in the floor and exits the portal in the wall, she will fall, gaining speed. If she goes through the portal on the floor again while falling, she will be going fast enough that when she exits the wall portal again, she will be able to land on the ledge.

The different ways the portals work together mean there are multiple ways to solve the puzzles in the Test Chambers.


Valve Corporation

Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distributor company in Bellevue, Washington. It was started in 1996 by Gabe Newell and Mike Harrington, two Microsoft employees in the past. The company is widely known for Steam and its popular first-person shooter series, "Half-Life", with the first being released in 1998. Also, the company develops the SteamOS, which their all-in-one handheld hardware, called Steam Deck, uses.


Sistan and Baluchestan province

Sistān o Balūchestān is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. It is in the southeast of the country. It has borders with Pakistan and Afghanistan. Its capital is Zahedan. 

The province is the largest in Iran, with an area of 181,785 km² and a population of 2.4 million. The counties of the province are Iran Shahr, Chabahar, Khash, Zabol, Zahedan, Saravan, and Nik Shahr.

The region is also home to Iran's Baloch Sunni minority.

Balochistan (region)

Balochistan or Baluchistan is an arid region on the Iranian plateau. The plateau is in Southwest Asia and South-central Asia, between Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. The area is named after the numerous Baloch tribes. The Baloch are of Aryan and other races who moved into the area from the west around A.D. 1000. The native languages are Balochi, Pashto, Brahui, Sindhi, Hazaragi and Persian are spoken in the region. The southern part of Balochistan is known as Makran. Now it is recognised by UNPO as an Unrepresented Nation.

Baluchistan's landscape is made of barren, rugged mountains and fertile land. During the summer, some regions of Baluchistan are the hottest. Most of the land is barren, particularly the Iranian and Afghan side of the region. Relatively few people live there. In the south (Makran) is the desert through which Alexander the Great passed with great difficulty.


Naked mole rat

The naked mole rat ("Heterocephalus glaber"), (or sand puppy) is a burrowing rodent. The species is native to parts of East Africa. It is one of only two known eusocial mammals (the other is the Damaraland mole rat). Both species are similar in many respects. 

The animal has unusual features, adapted to its harsh underground environment. 
The animals do not feel pain in their skin. They also have a very low metabolism.

Typically, the animals are between eight and ten centimetres long, and weigh about 30 grams. Their eyes are quite small, and they do not see very well. Their legs are thin and short. Nevertheless, they are very good at moving underground and can move backward as fast as they can move forward. They have large, protruding teeth, which they use to dig. Their lips are sealed just behind the teeth to prevent soil from filling their mouths while digging. They have little hair and wrinkled pink or yellowish skin.

The naked mole rat is well adapted for the limited availability of oxygen within the tunnels that are its habitat: its lungs are very small and its blood has a very strong affinity for oxygen, increasing the efficiency of oxygen uptake. It has a very low respiration and metabolic rate for an animal of its size, about two thirds that of a mouse of the same size. It only uses very little oxygen. In long periods of hunger, such as a drought, its metabolic rate can reduce by up to twenty-five percent.

The naked mole rat can only regulate its body temperature in the typical mammalian fashion over a relatively narrow range of temperatures. Outside this range, it overheats or cools. It can overcome this by its behaviour. When cold, naked mole rats huddle together or bask in the shallow parts of their burrow systems. When they get too hot, they retreat to the deeper, cooler parts of their tunnel system.

The naked mole rat is native to the drier parts of the tropical grasslands of East Africa, mainly South Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia.

Colonies averaging 75-80 individuals live together in complex systems of burrows in arid African deserts. The tunnel systems built by naked mole rats can stretch up to two or three miles in cumulative length.

The naked mole rat is one of the two species of mammals that are eusocial. Only one female (the queen) and one to three males reproduce, while the rest of the members of the colony are workers. Workers do different things. Some are tunnellers, expanding the large network of tunnels within the burrow system, and some primarily as soldiers, protecting the group from outside predators.

This eusocial organisation social structure, similar to that found in ants, termites, and some bees and wasps, is very rare among mammals. 

The relationships between the queen and the breeding males may last for many years. "Reproductive suppression" causes the other females not to reproduce: the infertility in the working females is only temporary, and not genetic. Queens live from 13 to 18 years, and are extremely hostile to other females behaving like queens, or producing hormones for becoming queens. When the queen dies, another female takes her place, sometimes after a violent struggle with her competitors.

Males and females are able to breed at one year of age. Gestation is about 70 days. A litter is usually from three to twelve pups, but may be as large as 28. The average litter size is 11. In the wild, naked mole-rats usually breed once a year, if the litter survives. In captivity, they breed all year long and can produce a litter every 80 days. The young are born blind and weigh about 2 gm. The queen nurses them for the first month; after which the other members of the colony feed them feces until they are old enough to eat solid food.

Naked mole rats feed primarily on very large tubers (weighing as much as 1000 times the body weight of a typical mole rat) that they find deep underground through their mining operations, but also eat their own feces (coprophagia). A single tuber can provide a colony with a long-term source of food—lasting for months, or even years, as they eat the inside but leave the outside, allowing the tuber to regenerate. Symbiotic bacteria in their intestines help them digest the fibres. 

The naked mole rat is also of interest because it is extraordinarily long-lived for a rodent of its size (up to 28 years) and holds the record for the longest living rodent. The secret of their longevity is debated, but is thought to be related to the fact that they can shut down their metabolism during hard times, and so prevent oxidative damage. This has been summed up as "They're living their life in pulses".

Due to their extraordinary longevity for such a small rodent, an international effort was put into place to sequence the genome of the naked mole rat. Results came in 2011 and 2014. Transcriptome sequencing showed that genes related to mitochondria and oxidation reduction processes have high expression levels in the naked mole-rat as compared to mice. This may contribute to their longevity.

The DNA repair transcriptomes of the liver of humans, naked mole rats and mice were compared. The maximum lifespans of humans, naked mole rats, and mice are respectively ~120, 30 and 3 years. The longer-lived species, humans and naked mole rats, expressed DNA repair genes at a higher level than did mice. In addition, several DNA repair pathways in humans and naked mole rats were up-regulated compared with mice. These findings suggest that increased DNA repair makes for greater longevity. The findings are consistent with the DNA damage theory of aging.

Naked mole rats are not threatened. Despite their tough living conditions, naked mole rats are quite widespread and numerous in the drier regions of East Africa.


Capsaicin

Capsaicin is a chemical substance. It is responsible for the sense of "spiciness" or "hotness" found in chili peppers. In mammals, it causes a sensation of "burning" of the tissues it comes in contact with. Capsaicin, and other similar substances called capsaicinoids are produced by chili peppers and other plants, probably as a protection against being eaten. Pure capsaicin is a hydrophobic, colorless, odorless, crystalline to waxy compound.

Capsaicinoids are added to food to make it have a "hot" taste, but it can also be used as an analgesic, a painkiller. Such painkillers are often directly used on the skin. The "burning" of the capsaicin will mask the real pain. Capsaicin is also the main agent in pepper spray. 

Capsaicin is not soluble in water; it binds to oil and fat. Soap can be used to wash it off. If something too hot has been eaten, milk or yoghurt can be used.

Football team

A football team refers to a group of players who together play football. A football team may represent a football club, or their nation, group or other associations. In general, there may be 11-18 members in such a team.

West Ham station

West Ham station is a London Underground, Docklands Light Railway and National Rail station. It is on the District Line, Hammersmith & City Line, Jubilee Line and is served by c2c train services. It is in Travelcard Zone 3, and is managed by London Underground. All open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other.

Wimbledon station

Wimbledon station is a National Rail, London Underground, and Tramlink station in Wimbledon in the London Borough of Merton. It is the only London station that provides an interchange between rail, Underground, and Tramlink services. The station serves as a junction for services from London Underground's District line and National Rail operators (South West Trains and First Capital Connect), as well as Tramlink route 3. Some early morning services on the First Capital Connect route are provided by Southern. The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.

The typical off-peak service frequency is:




Proposed

Tube map

The Tube Map, is a map that navigates passengers around London using the London Underground, London Overground, Docklands Light Railway, and Emirates Air-line. To make the map easier to read, the lines of the tunnels are made straight instead of the shape they really follow.

The Tube Map was the first map to use these simplifying techniques that are now used in transport maps across the world. Transport for London (TfL) continue to expand the Tube map as more stations, lines and methods of transport are added.
The Tube Map helps navigate over a billion journeys a year in the biggest city in Europe.

Waterloo &amp; City line

The Waterloo & City line, also nicknamed The Drain, is a short underground railway line in London. It was opened on 11 July 1898. It has two stations, Waterloo and Bank.

London Underground 1967 Stock

The London Underground 1967 Stock was a deep-level tube stock that ran on the Victoria line from 1968 to 2011. These trains do not run on the London Underground anymore as they were replaced by the London Underground 2009 tube stock between 2010 and 2011. The stock was built by Metro-Cammell. The trains have also ran on the Woodford–Hainault section of the Central Line in the past.

An order to buy 30½ 8-car trains of 1967 tube stock was made in March 1964. They were built by Metro-Cammell. Each train is made up of two 4-car units that are joined. The trains cost £2.25 million to build. Today this would buy just three trains. The first unit was delivered to West Ruislip depot on 27 September 1967, and the fleet was bought to run the Victoria Line. The units were then tested at the depot, before they were moved to Hainault depot and being tried out in passenger service on the Woodford-Hainault shuttle on the Central line. Once the tests were finished, the trains were moved from Hainault to Northumberland Park Depot using a battery locomotive. The trains were looked after at this depot until they were scrapped. It is the only part of the Victoria line that is not Underground, and it is unusual because, unlike the rest of the London Underground network, there is a staff rail link from Seven Sisters station.

The trains had Automatic Train Operation (ATO). The train operator controls when the doors open and close and also starts the train by pressing two buttons at the same time. These buttons start the automatic process of driving the train. The trains were built with wrap-around windows in the driving cabs and were the first London Underground trains to have windows like this. The trains were delivered with a shiny grey coat, but this soon faded to a dull grey.

When the extension Victoria line to Brixton opened in July 1971, a further 72 cars of 1967 tube stock were ordered, which made up 9 trains. This brought the total number of 1967 tube stock trains to 39½.

In 1989, a refurbishment programme was started across the whole fleet of London Underground rolling stock, following the King's Cross fire in 1987. The Victoria line stock was chosen to be the first to be refurbished (repaired, changed and made to look newer). The refurbishment was carried out by Tickford Rail at Rosyth Dockyard. The refurbishment was due to take 5 years to complete, but the last train did not leave the works until 1997, because each train was slightly different to the next train. When the trains had completed the refurbishment the outside was painted in a white, blue and red colour scheme. The insides of the trains have fire-resistant materials and are finished in the Victoria line blue colours, though some have the Bakerloo line brown as they run on that line too.

The last 1967 stock in passenger service ran on 30th June 2011. It has been replaced by 2009 stock.


Victoria, London

Victoria is an informal area of inner city London. It is in the City of Westminster. It is named after Queen Victoria.

Walthamstow

Walthamstow is an area in the London Borough of Waltham Forest, North East London, England. It is northeast of Charing Cross.

Congestion

Congestion may refer to:


Traffic congestion

Traffic congestion is when vehicles travel slower because there is too much traffic on roads. This makes trip times longer, and increases queueing. This is also known as a traffic jam. Congestion may result from a decrease in capacity, for example accidents on the road or roads being closed. Bad road layouts can also restrict capacity. Increased traffic, for example by many cars leaving a sports stadium at the same time, can also cause congestion. 

Where congestion is common, for example because of commuting in big cities, several methods are used to relieve it. Cars may be banned in certain districts or certain times, or made to carry passengers or pay a fee, or people may use public transport, such as rapid transit, which travel independently of car traffic and are not affected by traffic jams. 

Private bill

A Private bill is a proposal for a law that would only make a change for a person or a group of people. This is the opposite of public law, which makes a change for everyone in its jurisdiction. 

British Transport Commission

The British Transport Commission (BTC) was created by Clement Attlee's post-war Labour government. It was a part of its nationalisation programme. Its objective was to provide "an efficient, adequate, economical and properly integrated system of public inland transport and port facilities within Great Britain for passengers and goods", excluding transport by air. The BTC came into operation on 1 January 1948. Its first chairman was Lord Hurcomb. Miles Beevor was the Chief Secretary.

London Underground 2009 Stock

The London Underground 2009 Stock is a type of London Underground train. It is built by Bombardier Transportation at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby, England. The stock belongs to Bombardier's "Movia" type of train. Bombardier Transportation UK used to be known as ADtranz, and before that ABB Asea Brown Boveri. ABB Asea Brown Boveri built the 1992 tube stock which is currently used on the Central and Waterloo & City lines.

Forty-seven 8-car units will be built for use on the Victoria line. These replace the line's original 1967 tube stock. The trains are still being built. They were introduced by 2012, when all of the 1967 tube stock trains were completely replaced. The first 2009 tube stock train started running on the line with passengers on board on 21 July 2009. One new train will enter service every two weeks from early 2010.

The trains are part of a 3.4 billion pound contract that was awarded to Bombardier by Metronet. The contract was to supply new trains featuring Automatic Train Operation and signalling for the Victoria and sub-surface lines. When it is finished this upgrade should make the lines and trains more reliable. There should also be an 8% decrease in journey times between stations, and a 16% overall decrease in journey times. This decrease is partly because the new trains have better performance than the 1967 tube stock that they are replacing. The new trains have a higher top speed of , a faster maximum acceleration of 1.3 m/s, a normal service deceleration of 1.14 m/s, and an emergency brake deceleration of 1.4 m/s. This is the same as the 1992 tube stock.

During the busiest times of the day, or the "peaks", 43 trains should be available in service. This will be an increase of 6 trains over the 37 units of 1967 tube stock. The trains have seats for 252 people and standing space for an estimated 1196 passengers. This gives a 19% increase in capacity. The new trains also have wider doors for easier boarding and alighting (to descend or step down) of passengers to decrease the times that the trains have to wait at stations.

The new trains are being built wider than the current 1967 tube stock. This is because the Victoria line has a larger than normal loading gauge compared to the other deep level tube lines. The larger size means that the new trains cannot leave the Victoria line except by road as they are too wide to travel on the other London Underground deep level tube lines. This means that to move the units, each car has to be uncoupled, loaded onto a lorry, and then re-coupled when they are delivered. The trains have been built using Bombardier's technology called FICAS, which gives them a thinner bodyshell. Along with the larger size this gives more space for passengers.

The stock is the first to be designed since the Rail Vehicle Accessibility Regulations came into force. Because of this they will have more facilities for people with impaired mobility, including multi-purpose areas with tip-up seats and space for wheelchairs and pushchairs and offset centre door poles for wheelchair access.

The design of the trains was finalised in September 2004, and manufacture of two pre-production trains began in January 2005. The first train was scheduled to be completed by mid-2006. Metronet announced on 3 February 2006 that the first of the pre-production cars had been completed to allow it to be tested without being moved. From 21 July until 4 August 2006, an example of the train was on show at Euston Square Gardens, near Euston Square tube station, for a Customer Acceptance Test followed by public display. From September 2006, the first of the two trains underwent testing at Bombardier's manufacturing and test site at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby. It was due to be delivered to London Underground by the end of 2006 for testing on the Victoria line during engineering hours (times after the line stops carrying passengers and repair and testing work is carried out), but this did not occur until May 2007. It will also be used for driver and maintenance training and familiarisation. The first of the trains was expected to begin passenger service for the Victoria line for evaluation purposes in July 2008, with the remainder of the fleet being delivered and entering passenger service in 2009. However, by October 2007 the date for the first train entering service had been moved to January 2009. The first train entered service on 21 July 2009, leaving Northumberland Park depot at 23:00 and forming train 277 leaving Seven Sisters at 23:55 to Brixton.


Victoria line (disambiguation)

Victoria Line is the name of many things. They are often associated with Queen Victoria:




Uherské Hradiště

Uherské Hradiště is a town in the Czech Republic. About 26,280 people live there (2008). It is located in the South-East of the historical region Moravia in the Zlín region. It was founded on October 15 1257 by the Czech king Přemysl Otakar II.



Ice skate

An ice skate is a boot with a blade in it that is used in recreation or sports to move across an ice rink.They are used for skating on ice for fun,exercise or competitive sport.The first ice skates are thought to have originated in Scandinavia as early as 1000 Bc. 

Boing

Boing is an Italian TV channel marketed at children and teenagers, produced and broadcast in Italy by Time Warner on its DVB-T frequencies.


Mir-Hossein Mousavi

Mir-Hossein Mousavi Khameneh (; born 29 September 1941) is an Iranian politician, painter and architect. He belongs to the Iranian reform movement. 
He was the fifth Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran from 1981 to 1989. After his term, the constitution was changed, and the post of prime minister was abolished. Mousavi is currently the president of the Iranian Academy of Arts. He also was a candidate for the 2009 presidential election.

Before his post as prime minister, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He is also a member of the Expediency Discernment Council and the High Council of Cultural Revolution. He has not attended their meetings for years. Political analysts think that he does not like these councils. In the early years of the revolution, Mousavi was the editor-in-chief of the official newspaper of the Islamic Republican Party, the "Jomhouri-e Eslami" (Islamic Republic) newspaper. In 2009 presidential election, Mousavi chose green as his campaign color, a color which has since become common in Iran.

René Lévesque

René Lévesque (August 24, 1922 – November 1, 1987) was a Minister of the Provincial Government of Quebec from 1960-1966. He was born in New Brunswick and raised in Quebec. He was the founder of the Parti Québécois. The Parti Québécois have twice tried to get Quebec to leave Canada and become a separate country.

Lévesque was a member of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1960 until 1967. He had the position of Minister of Natural Resources.

For most of his life, René smoked cigarettes. On November 1, 1987 he started having chest pains. He died of a heart attack later that day while in hospital in Quebec.

Dead Space (2008 video game)

Dead Space is a third-person survival horror video game, made by Visceral Games for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The player plays as an engineer named Isaac Clarke. He fights against an alien infestation which turns humans into monsters called "Necromorphs" on a mining ship in space named the USG Ishimura.
Issac Clarke

He is the main character. He has a job as an engineer. The Concordance Extraction Corporation sent him to the USG Ishimura to repair it. 

Kendra Daniels

She is an engineer, too. She is good at network technology such as hacking. Her opinion often clashes with Hammond's.

Zach Hammond

He is Issac and Kendra's colleague. He is a black man and a senior guard.

Nicole Brennan

She is Issac's former lover. She is a member of the USG Ishimura's crew. She sent the video asking for help to Issac.

Dead Space is part of 3 games. It has 2 sequels.

Ty Cobb

Tyrus Raymond "Ty" Cobb (December 18, 1886 – July 17, 1961), also known as "The Georgia Peach," was a Major League Baseball player. He is known as the best player of the dead-ball era (before 1920) and as one of the best baseball players of all time.


Fulham Broadway tube station

Fulham Broadway is a London Underground station on the Wimbledon branch of the District Line. It is famous station being nearest to Stamford Bridge stadium. The stadium is the home of Chelsea Football Club. The station was opened as Walham Green on 1 March 1880. 

Tottenham

Tottenham () is an urban area of North London, England in the London Borough of Haringey. It is situated north-east of Charing Cross. 

Manor House, London

Manor House is a district of North London. 

Barbara Castle

Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn PC, GCOT (6 October 1910 – 3 May 2002) was a British politician. She was born as Barbara Anne Betts in Chesterfield, Derbyshire. She grew up in Pontefract and Bradford, Yorkshire. She graduated from St Hugh's College, Oxford with a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, Politics and Economics. She adopted her family's politics, which were left wing. Castle joined the Labour Party. She was Member for Blackburn from 1945 to 1979. She was Minister of Transport from 23 December 1965 – 6 April 1968. She died in Chiltern, Buckinghamshire.

Richard Marsh, Baron Marsh

Richard William Marsh, Baron Marsh PC (14 March 1928 – 29 July 2011) was an English politician and business executive.

Weak interaction

Weak interaction, the weak force or weak nuclear force, is one of the four fundamental forces in the universe. 

It is carried by particles known as the W and Z bosons, which are gauge bosons. The weak force causes beta decay, a form of radioactivity. At extremely high energy levels, the force of weak interaction and electromagnetism begin to act the same, and this is called electroweak interaction.

Beta decay is what scientists call a neutron breaking down, in contrast with alpha decay where an atom breaks down. These types of breaking down are more commonly known as radioactive decay. In a beta decay a neutron breaks into a proton, an electron and a neutrino. However, this is not a complete picture; there is an intermediary step. Notice that this process preserves the total charge. Conservation laws are very important when calculating the possible outcomes of these interactions.

With more detail, beta decay begins with a neutron, which is made of one up quark and two down quarks. Since up quarks have a charge of +2/3, and each down quark has a charge of -1/3 this results as giving 2/3 -1/3 -1/3 = 0 charge. Due to weak force, if there are too many neutrons in an atom nucleus, one of the down quarks in one of the neutrons turns into an up quark. This would change the charge of the neutron from 0 to (2/3 +2/3 -1/3) = 1. From this, the neutron is no longer a neutron, but actually a proton ( a particle with a charge of +1). 

In a strange quantum effect, this transformation releases a particle called a W boson. This is the gauge boson (force-carrying particle) of weak force. Oddly, the W boson has a mass about 80 times as much as a neutron. This sort of thing actually happens very often in quantum mechanics, but it follows the conservation of energy because it happens so quickly. After 3x10 seconds, the W boson breaks into an electron and an electron antineutrino. (The electron antineutrino doesn't really do much). This releases the electron and basically creates a proton from a neutron.


Cognition

Cognition is the scientific word for the mental processes including perception, memory, and thought. Cognition is the gaining of knowledge and understanding. The word comes from the Latin word "cognoscere", which means "to know" or "to recognize".

How knowledge is gained is a major part of philosophy called epistemology.

Cognitive psychology studies mental processes to explain human behavior.

Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of the mind that combines psychology, brain sciences, and other fields of study.

Cognitive linguistics studies how language influences thought.

Some of the work of Aristotle (d. 322 BC) had focus on memory, perception, and mental imagery (or imagery created by the mind). 

John Locke and Dugald Stewart tried to develop a model of the mind; In that model, ideas were acquired (or gotten), remembered and (later changed or) manipulated.

In Britain, further work was done by scholars such as James Sully, and some of that work was used by lawmakers in 1870.

Early theorists were


Mary Whiton Calkins (d. 1930) 

William James (d. 1910)

René Descartes (d. 1650)

Ulrik Neisser did work regarding cognitive psychology.

Cognition learning theory is the idea of processing information and memory from your surroundings. This was founded by Jean Piaget. Jean Piaget was a psychologist who focused on child development. Human cognitive development is what he developed. He was interested in biology and species in their environment. Cognitive learning theory focuses on processing information in your mind and is one of the most flexible theories out of the five other theories.

Cognition is psychology that is the process of thinking. It is the mental action of knowledge and understanding through experience, senses, and how we think. Reasoning, problem solving, and decision making is linked with cognitive. Human cognition involves outside of our control and from our own control. It is the process of knowledge and new knowledge.

Medic Droid

The Medic Droid is an American electronic pop band. They are most notable for their fans making their own comedic music videos and posting them on YouTube as well as their song "Fer Sure".

Wood Street railway station

Wood Street is a railway station in Walthamstow. It is a part of the London Borough of Waltham Forest in north east London. It is in Travelcard Zone 4. It was opened in 1873.

When the Victoria line was being planned, this station was going to be the end of the line instead of Walthamstow Central station. A decision was made in 1961 which meant that this did not happen. If this station had become the end of the Victoria line, the building would have been on the surface next to the British Railways station.

Chuck Yeager

Charles Elwood "Chuck" Yeager (February 13, 1923 – December 7, 2020) was a major general of the United States Air Force. He was the first person to break the sound barrier. This was accomplished on 14 October 1947 in a Bell X-1 aircraft. Yeager also served in World War II.

Yeager turned 97 on February 13, 2020. He died on December 7, 2020 at a Los Angeles hospital at the age of 97.

Deep-level tube lines

Deep-level tube lines were built by tunnelling shields and are tunnels that are deep underground that allow trains to run through them. They are commonly found on the London Underground. An example is the Victoria line. The depth creates ventilation problems. Powerful fans must push clean air very far underground. In the event of an emergency the people trapped on-board cannot get off due to the insufficient space inside the tunnel compared to the subsurface line.

Bolsover

Bolsover is a town near Chesterfield in England. It is 145 miles (233 km) from London, 18 miles (29 km) from Sheffield and 54 miles (87 km) from Manchester.

Its population in 2001 was 11,291.

Bolsover is mentioned in Domesday Book, where it is described as the property of William Peverel (or "Peveril"). The description refers to the villans (villains), the ploughs, 8 acres of meadow, and woodland pasture, which is given as two leagues by a league.

The present castle was erected in 1613.

The district of Bolsover is notable for four sites of historical importance: Bolsover Castle, the cave art at Creswell Crags, the houses of Creswell Model Village. The major work of the area used to be coal mining.

Sympathetic nervous system

The Sympathetic nervous system is part of the autonomic nervous system. It becomes more active when you are stressed. It is a part of the "fight or flight" response. The sympathetic nervous system can increase heart rate; make bronchial passages wider; decrease motility (movement) of the large intestine; make blood vessels narrower; increase peristalsis in the esophagus; cause pupil dilation, piloerection (goose bumps) and perspiration (sweating); and raise blood pressure. 


Pierre Monteux

Pierre Monteux (born Paris, 4 April 1875; died Hancock, Maine, 14 July 1964) was a French-born conductor who later became an American citizen. He was one of the great conductors of his time.

Monteux was born in Paris and started to learn the violin when he was six. When he was nine he learned at the Paris Conservatoire. When he was twelve he conducted an orchestra in Paris with the pianist Alfred Cortot as soloist. He played in orchestras, and was the principal of the viola section in the first performance of Debussy’s opera "Pelléas et Mélisande". He started to conduct some of the concerts in the series Concerts Colonne.

Monteux also played his viola in chamber music. He played a string quartet by Brahms with the composer in the audience.

Monteux soon became famous as a conductor. He conducted the orchestra for Diaghilev’s Ballet Russes, conducting the first performances of Stravinskys "'Petrouchka", "Rite of Spring" as well as Ravel’s "Daphnis et Chloé" and Debussy’s "Jeux". These were some of the greatest ballets of the 20th century.

In 1916 Monteux went to the USA and conducted the French operas at the Metropolitan Opera. In 1920 he moved to Boston, conducting many new works by Debussy, Chausson, Darius Milhaud and others. In 1924 he became assistant conductor at the Concertgebouw Orchestra, Amsterdam. He started the Orchestre Symphonique de Paris in 1929, and also a school for conducting, the École Monteux, in Paris. Later he continued this teaching in his American home in Maine. Neville Marriner and André Previn were two of his pupils.

In 1936 he became conductor of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. He stayed with this orchestra until 1952. He made this orchestra internationally famous. In 1942 he became an American citizen. In the 1950s he often conducted the Boston Symphony Orchestra.

Monteux continued to conduct until shortly before his death at the age of 89. In 1961 he was appointed chief conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra for 25 years, although he did not live long enough to fulfil this. He conducted this orchestra in 1963 in a performance of the "Rite of Spring", fifty years after he had conducted the first performance.

Monteux always prepared his work very carefully. He was not a conductor who liked to show off. He rehearsed his orchestras thoroughly, and conducted with small gestures. Although he made gramophone recordings, he did not like recordings. He preferred concerts with a live audience. He received many honours, including the Légion d’honneur and the Knight of the Order of Oranje Nassau.


Milhaud

Milhaud is a commune in the Gard department in France.

Willem Mengelberg

Willem Mengelberg (born Utrecht, 28 March 1871; died Zuort, Switzerland, 22 March 1951) was a Dutch conductor. He is famous for conducting the Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam for fifty years, making them one of the world’s finest orchestras.

Willem Mengelberg studied music in Utrecht, Netherlands and at Cologne Conservatory. He had four years of experience conducting an orchestra in Lucerne. Then, in 1895, he was given the job which was to last him the rest of his working life: conductor of the Concertgebouw Orchestra. He took over this job from Willem Kes who had started the orchestra five years earlier. At Kes’s farewell concert on 25 October 1895 Mengelberg performed as solo pianist.

Mengelberg soon made it into a great orchestra. He was particularly good at conducting the music of Richard Strauss and Mahler. He took the orchestra on tours to many countries, including Norway, Belgium, France, Germany, England and Switzerland. He celebrated his 25th year of conductor of the orchestra by performing all the orchestral works of Mahler.

He also conducted other orchestras abroad, including the Royal Philharmonic Society in London and, in the 1920s, the New York Philharmonic Orchestra.

Mengelberg also conducted other groups in the Netherlands, including Maatschappij Caecilia and the Amsterdam Toonkunst Choir.

Mengelberg worked hard to get good discipline in his orchestra. He worked to introduce his audiences to good music and to make them listen quietly to the music. He did a lot to help the musicians get better working conditions and he conducted a lot of music by Dutch composers, helping them to become better known.

During World War II he accepted invitations by the Nazis to conduct in Germany. After the war people in Holland were very cross that he had done this, and he was forbidden to conduct in Holland for six years. He said that he had only conducted in Germany for the sake of the musicians.

Mengelberg was very sad and went to live in Switzerland. He died just before his six year ban would have come to an end.


Willem Kes

Willem Kes (16 February 1856 in Dordrecht - 22 February 1934 in Munich) was a Dutch conductor. He was the first conductor of the Concertgebouw Orchestra (now called the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra). 

Kes learned the violin, studying with the famous Joseph Joachim in Berlin. From 1876 he started his career as a conductor. When the Concertgebouw Orchestra was started in Amsterdam in 1888 Kes was its conductor. He made it into a good orchestra. He had this job until 1895 when Willem Mengelberg took over. Kes went to Glasgow to conduct the Scottish Orchestra. In 1898 he took a conducting job in Moscow. From 1905 to 1926, Kes was director of a music conservatory (college) in Koblenz. He also worked in Dresden.


Cathay Dragon

Cathay Dragon, known as Dragonair before, was an airline based in Hong Kong International Airport. It had a fleet of 46 airplanes, including Airbus A320s, A321s and A330s. It flew to 44 destinations in China and Asia. It was named the "World’s Best Regional Airline" by Skytrax World Airline Awards four times. On 21 October 2020, Cathay Pacific announced to stop the operation of Cathay Dragon due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Hong Kong International Airport

Hong Kong International Airport (IATA airport code: HKG; ICAO airport code: VHHH), also known as Chek Lap Kok Airport is the airport of Hong Kong that was built at Chek Lap Kok on Lantau Island. It opened in 1998. It is one of the leading airports in the world, and has won "World Airport of the Year" from Skytrax for 7 times in 10 years. It is the hub for Cathay Pacific, Hong Kong Airlines, Hong Kong Express and Air Hong Kong. It is the third busiest airport in terms of international passenger traffic in the world, and the busiest in the world in terms of cargo traffic. Until the 2020s when Hong Kong missed feeling like it was in the 18th Century.

The airport has an advanced highway and railway system linking it to the city centre of Hong Kong. The building project was one of the largest in the world, and featured in Discovery Channel's "Ten Greatest Modern Projects of the World". It was designed by the famous architect, Norman Foster. The aim of the airport was to increase traffic and capacity which the old Kai Tak Airport could not handle. It remains one of the best airport in the world, along with Singapore's Changi Airport and Seoul's Incheon International Airport.

Parasympathetic nervous system

The parasympathetic nervous system (PNS or PSNS) is part of the autonomic nervous system. It does the opposite things of the sympathetic nervous system, the other part of the autonomic nervous system. This way, the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous systems balance each other's effects. The sympathetic nervous system helps a person "fight or flight" when they are in danger. When the danger is gone, the parasympathetic nervous system lets the person "rest and digest," "feed and breed."

The parasympathetic nervous system has many different effects. It affects every part of the body, including:

Because of these effects, the parasympathetic nervous system always has to balance with the sympathetic nervous system. For example, if only the parasympathetic nervous system was working, a person's heart rate and breathing would keep getting lower and lower. Eventually the person would stop breathing or their heart would stop beating.

However, in a healthy person, the brain realizes when the parasympathetic nervous system's effects are getting too strong. For example, the brain may realize that the person is breathing too slowly, or that their heart rate is too low. The brain reacts by making the sympathetic nervous system kick in. Because the sympathetic nervous system has the opposite effects, it will make the person breathe faster and raise their heart rate. These two systems have to balance each other constantly for a person to stay healthy.

The parasympathetic nervous system is controlled mostly by the vagus nerve. This is an important nerve that comes from the brain and goes all the way down to the bottom of the spinal cord. The vagus nerve sends out chemical messengers called neurotransmitters - mostly one called acetylcholine. This chemical causes changes in many different parts of the body.


Heart rate

Heart rate (HR) is how many times a heart beats per minute (bpm). The average bpm for a man or women who does not exercise is 70 bpm. Heart rate varies between people because of fitness, age and genetics.

Vasoactive intestinal peptide

Vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP, also polypeptide) is a kind of hormone that has 28 amino acid residues in it and is made in many areas of the human body including the gut, pancreas, and suprachiasmatic nuclei (which is a small part of the brain's midline) of the hypothalamus in the brain. In humans, the vasoactive intestinal peptide is encoded, or transforming information from one format into another, by the VIP gene.

VIP has a half-life in the blood of about two minutes.

VIP is made more than it should in a VIPoma.


Increase intestinal secretion, relaxes sphincters and smooth muscles. Released from nerve cells in mucosa and smooth muscle.

PEGI

Pan European Game Information (PEGI) is a European self-regulatory organization that assigns age and content ratings to consumer video games. The PEGI system is used in more than thirty countries. PEGI has rated more than 15,000 video games from 2003 to 2010.

Psychiatrist

A psychiatrist is a medical doctor who specializes in psychiatry. They treat people with mental illness. Psychiatrists can prescribe psychiatric medication.

In the United States, psychiatrists train by going to university first, then medical school for 4 years. After medical school, they must complete a residency. When they graduate, they get to use the initials M.D. or D.O. after their names. Next, these doctors specialize by training for 3 or 4 years in Psychiatry. In other countries psychiatrists train in similar ways but may not have to go to a separate university and medical school.


Monifieth

Monifieth () is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus, Scotland.

Eugen Jochum

Eugen Jochum (; 1 November 1902 – 26 March 1987) is an German conductor.

Jochum was born in Babenhausen, near Augsburg, in the south of Germany. He soon showed musical talent and was playing the organ for church services when he was eight. He studied at the Augsburg Conservatory and then the Munich National Theatre and at Mönchen-Gladbach. He became conductor of the Kiel Opera where, during three years, he conducted more than 50 operas in several German cities. Then, in 1934, he followed Karl Böhm and Karl Muck as the conductor of the Hamburg Staatsoper. He stayed there until 1949. He also was guest conductor in Amsterdam with the Concertgebouw Orchestra and later he became chief conductor. 

After World War II, Jochum became the first chief conductor of the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra in 1949. He often conducted in London with the London Philharmonic Orchestra and the London Symphony Orchestra. In 1975, the LSO gave him the title of conductor laureate. 

He appeared regularly at Salzburg and, from 1953, Bayreuth. The first opera he conducted there was Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde."

Jochum is remembered especially for his warm, romantic performances of Anton Bruckner's symphonies. He often conducted the passions of Bach and music by composers such as Beethoven, Brahms, Mozart, Haydn, Schumann, Wagner and Carl Orff. 

Jochum died in Munich, Germany at the age of 84.

Big O notation

In mathematics and computer science, Big O notation is a way of comparing rates of growth of different functions. It is often used to compare the efficiency of different algorithms, which is done by calculating how much memory is needed, and how much time it takes to complete.

The Big O notation is often used in identifying how complex a problem is, also known as the problem's complexity class. The mathematician Paul Bachmann (1837-1920) was the first to use this notation, in the second edition of his book "Analytische Zahlentheorie", in 1896. Edmund Landau (1877-1938) made the notation popular. For this reason, when people talk about a Landau symbols, they refer to this notation.

Big O notation is named after the term "order of the function", which refers to the growth of functions. Big O notation is used to find the upper bound (the highest possible amount) of the function's growth rate, meaning it works out the longest time it will take to turn the input into the output. This means an algorithm can be grouped by how long it can take in a worst-case scenario, where the longest route will be taken every time.

More specifically, given two positive functions formula_1 and formula_2, we say that formula_3 is in the big O of formula_4 (written formula_5) if for large enough formula_6, formula_7 for some constant formula_8.

Big O is an expression that finds worst-case scenario run-time, showing how efficient an algorithm is without having to run the program on a computer. This is also useful due to the fact that different computers may have different hardware, and therefore need different amounts of time to complete it. Since Big O always assumes the worst-case, it can show a consistent measurement of speed: regardless of the hardware, formula_9 is always going to complete faster than formula_10, because they have different levels of efficiency.

The following examples all use code written in Python. Note that this is not a complete list of Big O types.
formula_9 always takes the same amount of time regardless of input. For example, take a function that accepts an integer (called x) and returns double its value:
def double(x):
After accepting the input, this function will always take one step to return an output. It is constant because it will always take the same amount of time, so it is formula_9.

formula_13 increases according to the size of the input, represented by formula_14. For example, for the following function that accepts n and returns every number from 1 to n:
def count(n):
If we were to input the value of 5, then this would output formula_15, requiring 5 loops to complete. Similarly, if we input 100, then it would output formula_16, requiring 100 loops to complete. If the input is formula_14, then the algorithm's run time is exactly formula_14 loops every time, therefore it is formula_13.

formula_10 increases in factorial amounts, meaning the time taken increases massively with the input. For example, say we wish to visit five cities around the world and want to see every possible ordering (permutation). An algorithm we could write using Python's itertools library is as follows:
import itertools #Import the itertools library
cities = ['London', 'Paris', 'Berlin', 'Amsterdam', 'Rome'] #An array of our chosen cities

def permutations(cities): #Taking an array of cities as input:
This algorithm will calculate each unique permutation of our cities and then output it. Examples of output will include:

Here, our input list is 5 items long, and for every selection our remaining options decreases by 1. In other words, our 5 inputs choose formula_21 items (or formula_22). If our input is formula_14 cities long, then the number of outputs is formula_24; in general, assuming that we go through every permutation, then we will require formula_10 loops to complete it.

A related concept to big-O notation is little-o notation. Big-O is used to say that a function does not grow faster than another function, while little-o is used to say that a function grows slower than another function. If two functions grow at the same rate, big-O can be used but little-o cannot. The difference between big-O and little-o is similar to the difference between formula_26 and formula_27.


QI

QI (Quite Interesting) is a British comedy television quiz show. It is now hosted by Sandi Toksvig who took over from Stephen Fry. There are four contestants in each show, of whom one is always Alan Davies. The shows' series are lettered (not numbered as most television shows are), for example the first series is Series A. To begin with, "QI" was shown on BBC Two but was moved to BBC One for Series F.

21st Century Breakdown

21st Century Breakdown is the eighth studio album by the punk rock band Green Day. It is the band's second rock opera, following "American Idiot", and its first record to be produced by Butch Vig. The band started work on the record in January 2006. 45 songs were written by vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong by October 2007, but the band members did not start studio work with the producer, Butch Vig until January 2008. The writing and recording process was three years long. The band used four recording studios and was finished in April 2009.


Special Edition

Glossop North End A.F.C.

Glossop North End A.F.C. is a football club which plays in England.

Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.

Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C. is a football club which plays in England.




Nelson F.C.

Nelson F.C. is a football club which plays in England.


Darlington F.C.

Darlington F.C. is a football club which plays in England.

Newport County A.F.C.

Newport County A.F.C. is a football club located in Wales that plays in the English league system.

Rotherham United F.C.

Rotherham United F.C. is a football club which is based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire. It was formed as a merger between Rotherham County and Rotherham Town in 1925. It is in the EFL Championship, the second level of the English football league system.

They have played home matches at the New York Stadium since 2012, having briefly moved to the Don Valley Stadium from their original home at Millmoor in 2008.


Bristol Rovers F.C.

Bristol Rovers F.C. is a football club which plays in Bristol, People who live in North Bristol traditionally support Bristol Rovers, however people you live in South Bristol support their fierce rivals Bristol City F.C. 


Scunthorpe United F.C.

Scunthorpe United F.C. is a football club which plays in England.


Oxford United F.C.

Oxford United F.C. is a football club in England.


Hereford United F.C.

Hereford United F.C. was a football club which plays in England.

Mansfield Town F.C.

Mansfield Town F.C. is a football club which plays in England.


Wrexham A.F.C.

Wrexham A.F.C. is a football club located in Wrexham, Wales but playing in the English league system. After winning the championship of the fifth-level National League in the 2022–23 season, the club will play in EFL League Two in the 2023–24 season.

The club has received major international publicity since being purchased in November 2020 by American actor Rob McElhenney and Canadian–American actor Ryan Reynolds, with the purchase completed in February 2021. Their ownership of the club has since been the subject of the documentary series "Welcome to Wrexham". The series airs on FX and Hulu in the United States and Disney+ in the UK and Ireland.

Shrewsbury Town F.C.

Shrewsbury Town Football Club is a professionl football club from Shrewsbury, the county town of Shropshire in England. They currently compete in League One, the third level of football in England. They play their home games at New Meadow. The club was founded in 1886. They are nicknamed "The Shrews", "Salop", "The Blues" and "Town".

Cambridge United F.C.

Cambridge United F.C. is an English football club based in Cambridge that currently plays in the EFL League One, the third tier of English football.


Rushden &amp; Diamonds F.C.

Rushden & Diamonds F.C. is a football club which plays in England.

Yeovil Town F.C.

Yeovil Town F.C. is a football club that plays in England.


Peterborough United F.C.

Peterborough United F.C. is a football club which plays in England.

Robinson Sucroe

Robinson Sucroe, is a French animated series created by Claude Robinson.



National Health Service

The National Health Service is a government run health care organisation that provides health and medical services to citizens and residents of the United Kingdom. It was started in 1948 and intended by its creators to be "free at the point of service". This meant that people who use the NHS would not be required to pay for services each time they used them.

National Insurance started in 1912, and the workers who paid their National Insurance could visit a General practitioner and get medicine they were prescribed without paying. But this did not include their families. There was free healthcare for schoolchildren from local government and for the poor through the Poor Law. People could join a Friendly Society, which gave them a sort of health insurance which often paid for spectacles and dentistry.

The NHS is paid for out of employee contributions - National Insurance - from their wages and also from general government money raised in the form of taxes.

The promise of a health service that would be free at the point of service was broken in 1952 with the start of prescription charges.

When the NHS started it turned out to be a lot more expensive (about £179 million in 1947) than expected. In 1948 it had gone up to £305 million a year. In 1956 the Guillebaud Report - "Enquiry into the Cost of the National Health Service -" reported that the costs as a % of GDP had actually gone down. Since 1947 there have been a lot of new valuable but expensive drugs invented.

The cost for a year rose from £35 billion in 1980 to £164 billion (in 2021-22 prices). There is widespread agreement that the budget needs to increase about 4% a year to keep up with the cost of new treatment, longer lives and larger population.

The NHS is made up of four systems: NHS England, Health and Social Care (Northern Ireland), NHS Scotland and NHS Wales. Each system is run by its government. NHS England is run by the Department of Health and Social Care. The systems are run in different ways in each country within the United Kingdom. For instance, there are no charges for prescriptions in Scotland or Wales, but there are in England. It is said to be "the most reorganised health system in western Europe".

The service provides dental services and prescription eyeglasses, hearing aids, prosthetic limbs and other services. There are charges at the point of service for these services unless one lives in a no-charge country. Children (aged up to 18, or up to 21 if you are a student), pregnant women or the elderly do not pay for most of these. The NHS Low Income Scheme is to help poor people.

There were 1,376,190 people working in the NHS in England in May 2022. From April to June 2022 almost 35,000 left their jobs. It was short of about 133,400 full-time workers in September 2022. In 2021-22 more than £2.5 billion was spent on temporary workers. In 2023 it was the 8th biggest employer in the world.

Since 2010 the money the Conservative government has put into the NHS has not been enough to keep up with demand. On 29 September 2013 around 50,000 people protested in Manchester. They set up a stage with banners saying things like 'Save Our NHS' around it. NHS hospitals can now earn up to 50% of their income from private work. The number of people waiting a long time for tests or operations has gone up, so more people are paying for them to be done privately.

The 2019 Conservative election campaign included the New Hospitals Programme, a pledge to build 48 new hospitals. By 2023 only 2 had been finished. It wasnt clear exactly they meant by new hospitals. Some were repairs or extra bits on old hospitals. Many hospitals need repair or rebuilding. some have had ceilings collapse and no work could be done while they were repaired.

The NHS has been criticized for working through a 'postcode lottery', meaning that access to quality treatment depends on where you live. The percentage of diabetics getting the recommended levels of care ranged from 6% to 69% depending on where they lived in 2012. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence was set up to make judgements about which treatments should be paid for.

There have been particular difficulties in mental health services for many years. Under the Equality Act 2010 health services should make reasonable adjustments to ensure that people with severe mental illness are not disadvantaged compared with the general population. In reality money for mental health services has never been enough to provide services at the same level. There is supposed to be parity of esteem - that is equality, between mental and physical services. In 2023 there were still large numbers of out of area placements - that is people sent to mental hospitals a very long way from home, often for months at a time, something that very rarely happens with other services.

Christiaan Eijkman

Christiaan Eijkman (August 11, 1858 - November 5, 1930) was a Dutch doctor. He won the 1929 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Sir Frederick Hopkins, for the discovery of vitamins

Frederick Hopkins

Sir Frederick Gowland Hopkins (20 June 1861 – 16 May 1947) was an English chemist. He won the 1929 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Christiaan Eijkman, for the discovery of vitamins.

Windows CE

Windows CE (also known officially as Windows Embedded Compact post version 6.0, and sometimes abbreviated WinCE) is Microsoft's operating system for embedded devices and minimal computers. Windows CE is a different operating system and kernel. It is not a trimmed-down version of desktop Windows. It is not Windows XP Embedded which is NT-based.

The Zune portable media player, as well as the Windows Mobile and Windows Phone 7 smartphone platforms are based on Windows CE.

Windows Embedded Compact 2013 (version 8) is the final version of Windows CE. It had mainstream support until October 9, 2018, and extended support ended on October 10, 2023.

Simon Cowell (conservationist)

Simon Maxwell Cowell (born 19 April 1952) is a British conservationist, television presenter, and author who hosts the Animal Planet documentary series "Wildlife SOS". He is the co-founder of a Leatherhead, Surrey, based charity called Wildlife Aid.

In June 2005, Simon was given an MBE for his services to wildlife.

Simon lives in Leatherhead, Surrey. He received a PhD for Biological sciences at Jesus College, Cambridge.

In late June 2022, Simon Cowell was diagnosed with a bad form of terminal lung cancer during a routine doctor's appointment. His charity, Wildlife Aid, is run out of his home. Once Simon dies, the charity will no longer be able to operate there.

2015

2015 (twenty fifteen) (MMXV) was .



















Set in 2015:



2016

2016 (twenty sixteen) (MMXVI) was .

The year was designated as the International Year of Pulses by the sixty-eighth session of the United Nations General Assembly.














2017

2017 (twenty seventeen) (MMXVII) was .














Yasunari Kawabata

Yasunari Kawabata (14 June 1899–16 April 1972) was a Japanese writer. He was the winner of the 1968 Nobel Prize in Literature. He was the first Japanese author to receive the award.


2018

2018 (twenty eighteen) (MMXVIII) was .

Games set in 2018:





2019

2019 (twenty nineteen) (MMXIX) was . 














Games set in 2019:

Movies set in 2019:

Television series set in 2019:

2021

2021 (MMXXI) was .

The global COVID-19 pandemic continued into the year, and multiple COVID-19 variants were discovered. 2021 also hosted most major events that were originally scheduled for 2020 that were postponed or cancelled due to the pandemic, including the Eurovision Song Contest, UEFA Euro 2020, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.






























2022

2022 (MMXXII) was a common year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar, .

2022 saw the ongoing impact of an inflation increase because of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The global rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, which began in 2020, continued throughout the year, and many parts of the world began to bring the coronavirus under control. 2022 was also a year in which the world population reached 8 billion people.

In February, Russia invades Ukraine, causing the largest armed conflict in Europe since World War II. The consequences include international sanctions on Russia. More than 4.3 million Ukrainians leave, causing a refugee crisis.

2022 also saw the deaths of well known world leaders including Shinzo Abe, Mikhail Gorbachev, and Elizabeth II, the last of which reigned for more than seventy years.



























2024

2024 (MMXXIV) is a leap year starting on Monday in the Gregorian calendar, and is the current year. It is . 

The year saw the continuation of major conflicts including the Russo-Ukrainian war, the Israel-Hamas war, the Red Sea crisis, Myanmar civil war and the War in Sudan. With over 70 national elections being held during the year, 2024 is expected to be an uncommonly active year in elections, with seven of the ten most populous countries (Bangladesh, Pakistan, Russia, India, Mexico, Indonesia, and the United States), the United Kingdom, and the European Union expected to hold elections in this year. Artificial intelligence is expected to influence voters ahead of elections, increasing risks of political disinformation and democratic backsliding across the world. 

Footballers and football managers Mario Zagallo and Franz Beckenbauer, former President of Chile Sebastián Piñera, marathon world record holder Kelvin Kiptum and Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny died. 







2025

2025 (MMXXV) is the upcoming year and will be a common year starting on Wednesday in the Gregorian calendar, .



Acid Survivors Foundation

The Acid Survivors Foundation is a Bangladeshi organization that helps victims of acid attacks and tries to prevent these attacks..

It was founded in 1999 with support from UNICEF and the Canadian International Development Agency. In 2005 the co-founder Monira Rahman was granted the Human Rights Award of Amnesty International. 



Shmuel Yosef Agnon

Shmuel Yosef Agnon (July 17, 1888 – February 17, 1970) was an Israeli writer and winner of the 1966 Nobel Prize in Literature.

He was one of the central figures of modern Hebrew fiction. In Hebrew, he is known by the acronym Shai Agnon. In English, his works are published under the name S. Y. Agnon.


Acid throwing

Acid throwing or vitriolage is a form of violent assault. Sometimes the crime is called acid attack. The attackers throw acid or other corrosive substances at their victims. Usually they throw it at the targets' faces. They want to damage skin tissue, even to expose and to dissolve the bones. The consequences of these attacks include blindness and permanent scars of the face and body.

In India, the number of acid attacks have been rising. There had been 68 acid attacks in Karnataka alone (of which Bengaluru is the capital) since 1999. These are only the cases that have been reported. Unlike India, Bangladesh has introduced the death penalty for throwing acid and laws strictly controlling the sales of acids since 2002. An important role for the introduction of that legislation had the Acid Survivors Foundation.

Acid throwing is a crime in most countries in the world. Many Islamic countries have the concept of qisas, or retributive justice. With this, a victim can ask that the attacker be disfigured in a similar way. That way, an Iranian court ordered that the attacker of a woman who was blinded by such an attack, be blinded as well.

According to researchers and activists, countries with many occurrences of acid attacks include Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, United Kingdom, Kenya, South Africa, Uganda, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Acid attacks have been reported however in countries around the world, including:

Additionally, evidence for acid attacks exists in other regions of the world such as South America, Central and North Africa, the Middle East, and Central Asia. However, South Asian countries maintain the highest incidence of acid attacks.

Police in the United Kingdom have noted that many victims are scared to come forward to report attacks, meaning the nobody knows how many attacks have happened.



Nelly Sachs

Nelly Sachs (; 10 December 1891 – 12 May 1970) was a German-Swedish poet and playwright. She is a Nobel Prize winner and of Jewish descent.



1594

1594 was a common year in the 16th century.


2008 in science

The year 2008 in science had some important events, listed below.



Tikrit

Tikrit sometimes known as Takrit or Tekrit, is a city in Iraq, located northwest of Baghdad and southeast of Mosul on the Tigris River. As of 2012, it has a population of 160,000.

At least 80% majority of the people are Sunni. Saddam Hussein, leader of Iraq through April 2003, was born there; he considered it his hometown. He was actually born in a village on the outskirts of Tikrit, however in a part of Tikrit municipality.


2007 in science

The year 2007 in science had some important events, listed below.



White nose syndrome

White nose syndrome (WNS) is a condition which has caused many bats in the United States and Canada to die. The condition is named "white nose" because the affected bats have a fungus around their nose which is white. It was discovered in February 2006.

The disease was first reported in January 2007 in some New York caves. It spread to other New York caves and into Vermont, Massachusetts and Connecticut in 2008. In early 2009 it was found in New Hampshire, New Jersey, Pennsylvania. West Virginia In March 2010, it was found in Ontario, Canada, and Middle Tennessee. In 2012, new cases showed up in northeastern Ohio, and Acadia National Park in Maine. New confirmed cases appeared in 2013 in Georgia, South Carolina, and Illinois. 

2006 in science

The year 2006 in science had some important events, listed below.



Missy Peregrym

Melissa "Missy" Peregrym (born June 16, 1982 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian actress.

Peregrym lived in Surrey, British Columbia with her mom, dad, and sisters in her early childhood. She played many sports as a child and through her teenage years. She liked to play soccer, lacrosse, snowboarding and hockey. She is currently dating Ben Roethlisberger.

Peregrym began her career as a model at the age of 18. Later, she began to do commercials. In 2002, she began acting and guest starring in a few shows, then she made her career breakthrough when she was 24 when she starred in the movie "Stick It", where her main character was a tomboy athlete (much like herself).

Ken Follett

Kenneth Martin Follett (born 5 June 1949) is a Welsh writer, known as Ken Follett. He was born in Cardiff, Wales. Follett has written many detective books and history novels. He has sold 100 million copies of his books.

British National Party

The British National Party (or BNP for short) is a far-right and fascist political party in the United Kingdom. The party was led by Nick Griffin from 1999 until 2014 and the current leader of the BNP is Adam Walker.

In 2009, the party had 2 MEPs (Members of European Parliament) out of 73 British seats in the European Parliament. Those two seats were held by Griffin and Andrew Brons. It has no seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom or the devolved assemblies. 

The BNP was started in 1982 by John Tyndall (politician).

In November 2012 the British Democratic Party was started by Brons. Brons started the party after leaving the BNP in October 2012. Brons wants the BDP to end the BNP. He does not like the BNP because he thinks its ideology is not extreme enough. Griffin lost his seat in the European Parliament in 2014.


Differentiation

Differentiation is a term used in different senses.


FC Utrecht

FC Utrecht is a football club which plays in the Netherlands.

It was a merger of three clubs from the city of Utrecht: Door Oefening Sterk, USV Elinkwijk and Velox in 1970.

Sparta Rotterdam

Sparta Rotterdam is a football club which plays in Netherlands.

Road number

A road number is usually given to a portion of public roadway. The chosen number often depends on the type of road. The numbers will be different if the road is an interstate, a motorway, an arterial thoroughfare, a two-lane road, and so forth.

In the United Kingdom, the route number has a letter and a number. It is between 1 and 4 digits/numbers long. For instance, the main road from London to Edinburgh is called the A1. The "A" means it is a first class route. This also means it is more important than "B" roads. The A2, A3, A4, A5, A6 begin in London and go towards various towns around the coast. Roads which start in the area between the A1 and the A2 must start with the number 1 (A137, B1412), etc. Scotland is also divided into zones by the A7, A8 and A9 leave from Edinburgh. Motorways have the letter "M", for example the M25. Motorways have a different numbering system from "A" and "B" roads. 

This system is used in other European countries (for example, Spain and France).

AFC Door Wilskracht Sterk

AFC Door Wilskracht Sterk is a football club which plays in Netherlands.

2005 in science

The year 2005 in science had some important events, listed below.



2004 in science

The year 2004 in science had some important events, listed below.



Midwest Irish Radio

Midwest Radio and Midwest Irish Radio are an Irish radio station in County Mayo, Ireland. Its studios are on Clare Street, Ballyhaunis. The station started in 1989. When first opened the Midwest Radio studios were in Abbey Street, Ballyhaunis, Co. Mayo. Its target audience is people over 35 and it mainly broadcasts country music and classic hits. Some of the station's programmes do contain current chart music such as The Breakfast Show, The Late Late Lunchbox and The Hot Hits Hour. The station broadcasts live every day from 7:00 am to 1:00 am. The latest JNLR/MRBI radio listener survey shows that Mid West Radio is by far the most popular radio station in Connacht with a market-share of 52.2%. Midwest Radio's franchise area is county Mayo although it can be heard in various parts of Connacht. 

Midwest Radio started an online only radio station, Midwest Irish Radio, in 2005. This has a different programme to Midwest Radio, although The Mid Morning Show does broadcast on Midwest Irish Radio. Most of its broadcasts are non stop Irish music. It's sister station Northwest Radio shut down in 2004.

Monday to Friday

7.00am-8.45am Breakfast Show with David Cawley 

8.45am-9.00am Morning Edition News & Sport

9.00am-11.00am The Tommy Marron Show

11.00am-1.00pm Mid-Morning Show with Paul Claffy 

1.00pm-1.30pm Lunchtime News And Sport

1.30pm-3.00pm Classic Hits Country With Chris Carroll

3.00pm-5.30pm Late Late Lunchbox with Padraic Walsh

5.30pm-6.00pm Evening Edition And Sport

6.01pm-6.05pm Farming Scene

6.05pm-8.00pm Classic Express With Brendan Nugent

8.00pm-10.00pm Nice And Easy with Eamonn Kelly (Monday-Thursday) / Viv Brennan (Friday)

1.00am-3.00am The Tommy Marron Show (replay)

3.00am-5.00am Mid-Morning Show with Paul Claffy (replay)

5.00am-7.00am Midwest Radio Music All Night

Monday

10.00pm-1.00am Songbook With Michael Goulding

Tuesday

10.00pm-1.00am Ceoil Agus Ealion With Joe Byrne 

Wednesday

10.00pm-11.00pm Farming Matters With Michael Neary
11.00pm-2.00am Late Show With Michael Commins

Thursday

10.00pm-1.00am Classic Hits With Tim Norton

Friday

10.00pm-11.00pm Hot Hits Hour As Gaeilge with Brendan Roache

11.00pm-2.00am Weekend American Country With Phillip Costello

Saturday

7.00am-9.00am Saturday Morning Breakfast Show With Deirde Kelly

9.00am-10.00am The Gardening Show With Padraic Horkan

10.00am-1.00pm Country Classics With Micheal Neary 

1.00pm-1.30pm Local News & Sport

1.30pm-5.00pm Saturday Mix With Michael D

5.00pm-5.30pm Local News 

5.30pm-8.00pm Eunice Moran

8.00pm-10.00pm Homespun With Noel Grogan

10.00pm-1.00am Mac's Country Store With Eamon McPhilomey

1.00am-7.00am Midwest Radio Music All Night

Sunday

7.00am-9.00am Sunday Morning Meolidies With Beverley Stafford

9.00am-9.45am Faith Alive With Fr.Brenden Hoban And Monica Morley

10.00am-10.45am Religious Services 

10.45am-1.30pm Sunday Choice With Brendan Magee

1.30pm-2.00pm Lunchtime News

2.00pm-5.00pm Sunday Sports Show With Angelina Nugent

5.00pm-5.30pm Evening Edition News

5.30pm-8.00pm Sunday Jukebox With Brendan Nugent

8.00pm-8.30pm Sport Results Roundup With Michael D McAndrew

8.30pm-10.00pm Fleadh Cheoil With Seamus Duffy

10.00pm-1.00am Fireside Radio With Micheal Commins

1.00am-2.00am Faith Alive (repeat)

2.00am-7.00am Midwest Radio Music All Night

Russian Social Democratic Labour Party

The Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP) was a Russian political party. 

The party was founded in 1898. Its program was based on Marxism and socialism. The party wanted to lead the workers of Russia and to get rid of the Tsar.

Some members of the party wanted democracy and were called "Mensheviks".

Other members of the party spoke for the dictatorship of the working class and were called "Bolsheviks". The leaders of the Mensheviks were Martov and Potresov. The leaders of the Bolshevik group were Plekhanov and Lenin.

The Russian Social Democratic Labour Party was an illegal party. It fought against the autocracy, organized meetings and strikes, and printed illegal newspapers blaming the Tsar and his government. Many members of the party were arrested, put into prison, or condemned to penal servitude.

In 1917 Lenin and most other Bolsheviks became a separate political party, RSDLP(B), which later became the Russian Communist Party.

During the Russian Civil War, the RSDLP was banned by the communists. Some social democrats became Communists, others fled from Russia, and still others became political prisoners.

Signed number representations

Signed Number representations are used to solve the problem of representing negative integers in binary. The problem of trying to store the negative sign (−) of a binary number is that there are no states left to use with which to represent the negative assignment. It is not possible to just use 'off' for minus and 'on' for plus because the computer would have no way of knowing whether it was a digit or a sign.

To overcome this issue computer designers invented two methods for storing negative binary numbers: sign-and-magnitude and 2's complement. These produce alternative representations for signed numbers.

Sign and Magnitude works by changing the most significant bit (MSB - the first digit) to a 1 if the number is negative, and reduce the number by one, for example:

will become...

This method of storing negative binary numbers does not work because binary arithmetic won't work.

1's Complement works by swapping 1s for 0s and the 0s for 1s for example:
will become...

Much like the sign-and-magnitude method this is easily defined as a negative number because its most significant bit is 1

2's Complement is a more difficult way of storing negatives. There are four steps for it:


This method is liked because:


Kingpin (character)

The Kingpin (Wilson Grant Fisk) is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe. The character first appears in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #50 (July 1967), and was created by writer Stan Lee and artist John Romita, Sr. The Kingpin often appears as an adversary of Spider-Man, Daredevil and the Punisher.


Kingpin is the main antagonist of both the 2003 movie "Daredevil" played by Michael Clarke Duncan and the 2015 Netflix original television series "Daredevil" set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in which he is played by Vincent D'Onofrio. D'Onofrio played Kingpin in the 2021 Disney+ series "Hawkeye", the 2024 series "Echo," and will reprised the role in the upcoming television series "". Kingpin is also the villain of the animated movie . 

Centre Pompidou-Metz

The Centre Pompidou Metz is a museum of modern and contemporary art. It is in Metz, France. It shows sculptures, modern and contemporary paintings and graphic art.

The architecture of the building is inspired by a traditional Chinese hat. The carpentry is an innovative assembly made of sixteen kilometers of wood.

Some elements of the inaugural exhibition were borrow by the Centre Georges Pompidou of Paris, especially:


Floating point

Real numbers in binary have to be stored in a special way in a computer. Computers represent numbers as binary integers (whole numbers that are powers of two), so there is no direct way for them to represent non-integer numbers like decimals as there is no radix point. One way computers bypass this problem is floating-point representation, with "floating" referring to how the radix point can move higher or lower when multiplied by an exponent (power).

In mathematics and science, very large and very small numbers are often made simpler and multiplied to a power of ten to make them easier to understand. For example, it can be much easier to read 1.2 trillion as formula_1 than 1,200,000,000,000. This can also be used with negative powers of ten to make small numbers, meaning you can represent 0.000001 as formula_2. This process is called scientific notation.

Since computers are limited to integers and binary, this means they cannot easily represent fractional decimal numbers. In order to represent fractional numbers, computers use three sets of binary numbers to make a scientific notation representation. They are: the signed bit, which determines if the number is positive (0) or negative (1); the significand, which is an integer (whole) version of the number; and the exponent, which is the power you multiply the base by.

The significand is found by taking your number and moving the radix point until there is no fractional part, making it into an integer. In decimal this is making 1.45 into 145 by moving the point right 2 steps, and in binary this would be making 1101.0111 (13.4375) into 1101 0111 (215) by moving the point right 4 steps; in both cases these numbers aren't related to one another outside using the same digits in a similar ordering.

Similarly to how scientific notation makes the significand as basic as possible, the aim in floating point numbers is to make it an integer so it can be represented in bytes and used in calculations.

The exponent is the number of digits the radix point has moved past: if it moves left then the exponent is negative, but if it moves right then it is positive. As above, making 1.45 into 145 requires you to multiply by 100, so the exponent is 2 as formula_3. Equally, turning 1101.0111 (13.4375) into 1101 0111 (215) requires you to move the radix point four columns to the right, so the exponent is 4; this can be verified in decimal as formula_4.

Since the process is inverted to most cases of scientific notation, as it involves making a fraction into an integer rather than turning a large integer into a fraction, exponents are generally negative to move the decimal place to the left; in decimal this would be turning your integer 145 back into the fractional number 1.45 by multiplying it by formula_5. Instead of using an signed leftmost bit the exponent is instead biased, giving 32-bit float exponents a range of formula_6 to formula_7. The output value of the biased exponent can be found by adding 127 to it:

formula_8

formula_9

formula_10

Let's assume, for example, we want to represent the decimal number 37.40625 to its binary counterpoint: a bicimal (or binary decimal/fraction). First, we need to take our decimal number, which is in powers of 10, and convert it to binary, which is in powers of 2. One way to do this is to subtract the largest power of two possible until you reach zero:

formula_11

formula_12

formula_13

formula_14

formula_15

formula_16

Using the powers of two above, we can represent our decimal number formula_17 as follows:

We have validated that our decimal number formula_17 is represented in binary as formula_19. However, the issue with computers is that they represent numbers as integer powers of two using bits, which makes fractional and negative numbers complicated. In accordance with IEEE-754, the way this is commonly done with a computer is to create a 32-bit floating point number that consists of three parts:


Since we need to move our bicimal point 5 places to make formula_20 into the significand formula_21 our exponent is formula_22. By using a 32-bit float we can represent 37.40625 like this:


South Petherton

South Petherton is a small town in Somerset, a county in England. Over 4, 000 people live there. 
It is twinned with the town of Javané, which is in France. 
There are two schools in South Petheton: South Petherton Infants School, which is run by the Church of England and is for children from the age of 4 to 7, and South Petherton Junior School, which is for children aged 7 to 11.

Norwegian

Norwegian might mean:


Markup language

A markup language is a computer language. It is made up of a set of instructions, and of data. It is not the same as a programming language, as only programming languages can have "if" statements and other conditional statements. The first markup languages were used for printing; there was the text, and there were instructions how the text should be printed. The source code is generally done in ASCII. Then there are tags. That way, LaTeX (and with that, Wikipedia), uses the instruction <nowiki>\mu</nowiki> to get the symbol formula_1, the Greek letter "Mu". HTML uses <nowiki>&micro;</nowiki> to get the same symbol.

Alan Davies

Alan Davies (born 6 March 1966) is an English comedian, writer and actor. He is best known for starring in Jonathan Creek and for being a panellist on QI.

Davies was born in Loughton, Essex. His childhood years were spent in Chingford, London. Davies' mother died when he was six. He graduated in Drama from the University of Kent in 1988.

In 2008, Davies was in the teen comedy "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging".

Davies' first book, the autobiographical "My Favourite People and Me, 1978-88", was published by Penguin Books in late 2009.

Davies married writer Katie Maskell on 13 January 2007 after a 6-month engagement. The couple met backstage at "QI" in 2005. Their first child, Susie, was born on 9 December 2009. Their second child, Robert, was born on 18 June 2011.

In late 2007 he made UK national news. "The Times" and "Daily Telegraph" reported that Davies was involved in a fight and bit the ear of a homeless man. Davies had just left a wake at the nearby Groucho Club. Davies is no longer allowed at the Groucho Club.

Davies is a fan of Arsenal F.C. and a season ticket holder.

Ponzi scheme

A Ponzi scheme is a special kind of fraud. It is based on a fake investment that one schemer (or group of schemers) gets other people to give money to.

In Ponzi schemes, the schemer basically says, "I found a great way to make money fast. The more you give me, the more I can invest in that cause, and the more I can earn for us all". But a Ponzi scheme doesn't actually "earn money". Instead, "all" of the scheme's money comes from the investors.

Once a Ponzi scheme gets too many investors, the system will always crash. This is because the investors all expect more money than they invested, and they will get impatient.

These schemes always stop one of three ways:

The scheme was named after a man named Charles Ponzi. He used the scheme after moving from Italy to the United States in 1903. (Ponzi didn't invent the scheme, though. In 1857, Charles Dickens wrote a book called "Little Dorrit" about a scheme like this. The scheme is a simple idea, and probably very old.) However, Ponzi's scheme was so big that it became the most popular. His original scheme was based on using countries' money-exchange rates to make money, based on international postage stamps. But money soon stopped being invested in coupons, and went to early investors, and a lot to Ponzi himself. 

Ponzi schemes can be run anywhere, even online, and are being run even now.

People advertising Ponzi schemes often use impressive words, that are actually very vague. Examples are:
Schemers often depend on investors "not actually knowing" about economics. The Madoff scandal of 2008 showed that even sophisticated people like bankers can fall for them. People are fooled by the schemer seeming to have financial skill or reputation. 

Sometimes, the schemers claim that money can only be made if the investment is kept a secret (away from the authorities or public). For example, Bernard Madoff only allowed the accounting firm run by his brother-in-law to perform audits on his "hedge fund", claiming it had to be kept a secret to earn money. 

Since the investment is very vague, not many investors come very fast. But the scheme often gets speed like this:

Schemers often try to tempt the early investors to "re-invest" the money they've "earned". Schemers sometimes send investors "invoices", showing investors how much they've "earned" and how much they'll keep "earning" if they keep "investing".

Schemers also try to make sure new investors can't take their money back, by making the rules tighter. In this case, the schemer will often have a few investors say they kept their money, making the investment still look productive enough to be good.








Baní

The Dominican city of Baní is the head municipality of the Peravia province, on the south of the country, close to the Caribbean Sea.

Baní is a Taíno word meaning "ebony" or a similar tree, but the city takes the name from the small river that flows through the city.

In 1764, the people that were living in the Peravia Valley bought some land in "Cerro Gordo" (part of the valley) to build a new town. The new town was given the name of Baní after the river that is found to the east of the town.

After the independence from Haiti in 1844, the country was divided in five provinces and in 1845 Baní was made a municipality of the old province of Santo Domingo. In 1944, Baní was made the capital city of the new province José Trujillo Valdéz, now with the name of Peravia.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 92,153: 44,841 men and 47,312 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Baní has a total area of (without including its municipal districts), about of the total area of the small province of Peravia. The city is an elevation of , and at to the west of Santo Domingo.

The western and northern part of the municipality (and of the province) has many mountains that are part of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range"); this range is called here "Sierra de Ocoa".

To the northeast of the city, there is a small karstic region with small cone-shaped hills that are called here as "cucuruchos".

In the southern half of the municipality there are several small valleys and savannas such as the Peravia Valley, where the city of Baní is located, and "Sabana de Paya" (Paya savanna) around the town of Paya.

West of Baní, the region is very dry and there are not many people living here except close to rivers and to the coast.

The most important rivers in this municipality are Ocoa and Baní rivers.

The municipality of Baní has the Azua province to the west, the San José de Ocoa to the north, the San Cristóbal province to the west and the municipality of Nizao to the southwest. To the south is the Caribbean Sea.

Baní has a tropical wet and dry savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by June with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is March with an average of and the second is January with .

Baní is in a hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Baní has nine municipal districts:

Morgan Freeman

Morgan Porterfield Freeman Jr. (born June 1, 1937) is an Afro-American actor, director, producer and narrator.

He is also a beekeeper.

Freeman was born in Memphis, Tennessee on June 1, 1937. He started acting when he was nine years old in a school play and at age 12 won a drama competition in his home State. Morgan worked many acting jobs until 1968 when he got his first role on Broadway in a Musical called "Hello, Dolly!". He is known for his soft-spoken voice. He has donated several amounts of money to the Democratic Party. Once he stated that "Republicans scare me." 

Some movies that Freeman has been in include:

Mikhail Sholokhov

Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov (; – 21 February 1984) was a Russian writer. He won the 1965 Nobel Prize in Literature.

Sholokhov was accused of plagiarizing "And Quiet Flows the Don", which made his international reputation. Sholokhov's detractors claimed that it was written by Fyodor Kryukov, a Cossack and anti-Bolshevik, who died in 1920. In 1987, several thousand pages of notes and drafts of the work were discovered and authenticated, including chapters excluded from the final draft. An analysis of the novel has unambiguously proved Sholokhov's authorship. The writing paper dates back to the 1920s: 605 pages are in Sholokhov's own hand, and 285 are transcribed by his wife Maria and sisters.

An asteroid in main-belt is named after him, 2448 Sholokhov.

Dire Straits

Dire Straits were an English rock band] from London, England. They formed in 1977 and have sold more than 120 million albums worldwide and also won three Grammy Awards.

Dire Straits disbanded in 1995.





Kathryn Janeway

Kathryn Janeway is a character in the American TV series "". She is the captain of the starship Voyager.

Tikhon Khrennikov

Tikhon Khrennikov (born Yelets, Russian Empire, 10 June 1913; died Moscow, 14 August 2007) was a Russian musician. He was a composer and pianist He got involved in the musical politics of his country, which was then the Soviet Union. A lot of people hated him, especially in western countries. He is particularly remembered for what he did at the unpleasant conference in 1948, when some of the most famous Soviet composers, including Shostakovich and Prokofiev, were made to say they were sorry for the music they had written and that they would compose better music in future.

In the days of the Soviet Union, and especially under Stalin, musicians had to be very careful about what they did and how they composed. Music, like all arts, was supposed to make people feel that they were lucky to be living in a great country like the Soviet Union. If composers wrote music that the politicians did not like or understand, life became very difficult for them: they would not be allowed to compose, and their music could not be performed. They might even be sent to prison. Tikhon Khrennikov became Secretary to the Union of Soviet Composers in 1948, at the time when Stalin was dictator. He continued in this job until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. He made sure that all musicians obeyed their political leaders.

It is difficult for us today to judge the actions of Khrennikov fairly. He survived because he did what he was told by Soviet dictators. After the collapse of the Soviet Union he tried to say he was sorry for what he did. It is difficult to judge whether he really meant this.

Tikhon Khrennikov was the youngest of ten children, born into a family of horse traders, in the town of Yelets in the Russian province of Lipetsk in central Russia. His family started to teach him the guitar and mandolin. When he was nine he started learning the piano, and when he was 13 he started composing. Three years later he was sent to the Gnesin Academy of Music, studying with the composer Mikhail Gnesin. In 1932 he went on to the Moscow Conservatoire. He studied composition with Vissarion Shebalin and piano with the famous teacher Heinrich Neuhauss who was later the teacher of Emil Gilels and Sviatoslav Richter.

His early works include a symphony, a piano concerto, and an opera based on the book "Into the Storm" which was based on a novel "Loneliness", a favourite book of Stalin. His music was always happy and energetic. He wrote music for 22 films and many patriotic songs. He did everything he could to please Stalin, and soon he became Secretary of the Union of Soviet Composers.

In 1948 he headed a conference at which Shostakovich, Prokofiev, Myaskovsky and Shebalin (who had been his teacher), were told that they were bad “formalists”. The word “formalist” has no meaning in music, but it was used by the politicians to describe anyone who was not obeying the politicians’ guidelines. Khrennikov said at the conference that “we will stop all manifestations of formalism and popular decadence".

Shostakovich had given Khrennikov some friendly advice about his opera "Into the Storm", but Khrennikov had been angry about being criticized and now he could get his own back. Shostakovich made satirical remarks about Khrennikov in an opera "Rayok" which he never showed to anyone and was found amongst his papers after his death in 1975.

After the fall of the Soviet Union Khrennikov published a book "That’s the Way It Was". In this book he says that everybody had to obey political rules and he was only doing what everyone else did. However, he then wrote some bad things about Shostakovich. Khrennikov had also been an enemy of the composer Alfred Schnittke. He banned his music from being played, and was furious when it was performed in other countries. He also banned music by other composers who have now become famous such as Sofia Gubaidulina and Viktor Suslin.

Khrennikov was, however, not all bad. He supported Shostakovich and Prokofiev for getting the Stalin Prizes in the 1950s. He also invited Stravinsky, who had been exiled to the United States, to revisit the Soviet Union in 1962.

When he was in his eighties, Khrennikov continued to compose many comic operas, operettas and ballets. They always had tunes that were easy for people to enjoy.

The Soviet state gave him many prizes for the work he did: three Stalin Prizes, a State Prize of the USSR and a Lenin Prize. Before his death he was even given an award by Vladimir Putin, which makes it seem as if Russia might be returning to its past values.

He died in Moscow aged 94.


Seven of Nine

Seven of Nine is a character in . She is an ex-Borg and is the science officer on the star ship Voyager.

When she was very young, Seven of Nine was taken on an expedition by her parents, who were studying the Borg. They were all assimilated; Seven of Nine and her parents (this is when the Borg change people or other aliens into Borg).

According to the Borg, Seven of Nine is the first Borg to go back to the life she had before being assimilated.

Doctor (Star Trek)

The Doctor is a character on the American television show . He is a hologram with a database of medical knowledge and is the chief medical officer on Voyager.

Jim Gannon

James Paul "Jim" Gannon (born 7 September 1968) is an English former footballer and manager. He is currently the manager and Director of Football of English Conference National team Stockport County F.C..

Lisa Marie Presley

Lisa Marie Presley (February 1, 1968 – January 12, 2023) was an American singer and songwriter. She was the only child of singer/actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley. 

She was the owner of Graceland. It is the mansion her father lived in. She had released three albums.

Presley was born in Baptist Memorial Hospital-Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee. She was the only daughtor of singer and actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley. She grew up with Presley Family in Graceland until the death of her father in 1977. Presley was born nine months, to the day, after the wedding of her parents. After her parents divorced, she lived with her mother in Los Angeles, California but often lived with her father at Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee.

When her father died in August 1977, nine-year-old Presley became heir to his estate with her grandfather Vernon Elvis Presley and her great-grandmother Minnie Mae Hood Presley. Vernon died in 1979 and Minnie Mae died in 1980. This made her the only heir and she inherited Graceland. On her 25th birthday in 1993, she inherited the estate. It had grown to about $100 million. In 2004, Presley sold 85% of her father's estate.

In the late 1970s, soon after the death of her father, she attended her first rock concert. It was the English band Queen at The Forum in Inglewood, California. She gave Freddie Mercury a scarf after the show. The scarf had belonged to her father. She also said that she loved the theatrics of the show.

Her parents had divorced when she was four years old. Lisa was nine years old when her father died, She was one of the first people to see her father dead on the bathroom floor at Graceland.

Shortly after her father's death, her mother began dating actor Michael Edwards. Lisa Marie was reportedly sexually abused by Edwards when she was between 12 and 15 years old. In an interview with "Playboy" magazine in 2003, Presley said that Edwards had the habit of going into her private room while drunk. She said that he was inappropriate with her.

Presley had been married four times. She was married to musician Danny Keough from 1988 until 1994. In 1994, she married pop icon, Michael Jackson. They divorced in 1996. Actor Nicolas Cage was married to Presley from 2002 until 2004. She was married from 2006 until 2016 to guitarist, Michael Lockwood. She had four children. She had two children with Keough and twins with Lockwood.

Presley died on January 12, 2023, at the age of 54 after surffering from a cardiac arrest. Two days before she died, Presley was at the 80th Golden Globe Awards with her mother. She was seen having trouble walking and needed to be helped by her talent manager and friend Jerry Schilling. Later that month, on January 22, a funeral was held for her. Her funeral was attended by her mother and three daughters, Sarah, Duchess of York, Austin Butler, Billy Corgan, and Axl Rose.
Presley was laid to rest next to her son, Benjamin Keough, who died in July 2020 by suicide, in the Meditation Garden at Graceland.

In July 2023, her autopsy report said that Presley died of small bowel obstruction caused by weight loss surgery she recently had.

Dialysis

Dialysis is where a machine is used to replace a kidney after kidney failure. The word "dialysis" comes from the Greek word "dialusis", "dia" meaning through, and "lusis" meaning loosening.

Dialysis can be used for people who have become sick and have lost the use of their kidneys for a short time, or for people who no longer have working kidneys. The purpose of the kidney is to keep a balance of water and minerals in the body. These minerals include sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium, phosphorous, magnesium and sulfate. The kidneys also take out hydrogen ions from the blood. Dialysis is able to remove these wastes from the body and help keep the minerals in balance.

However the kidneys are also part of the endocrine system and make erythropoietin and calcitriol. Dialysis machines are not able to replace this part of the kidney's function.

Dialysis machines work by using diffusion and ultrafiltration. A very fine material, called a membrane, allows blood and fluid to flow through it. In the machine, the blood flows in one direction, and on the other side of the membrane, a special fluid, dialysate flows in the opposite direction, this process is known as osmosis. Dialysate is a fluid that has different chemicals in it, such as potassium and calcium. A doctor would decide what mixture of chemicals would be needed for each patient. The dialysate has bicarbonate in it to lower the higher acid levels that these patients often have. The blood and dialysate mix together. The waste products are removed from the blood and caught up in the fine membrane.

Dialysis was originally done in hospitals, and then in many countries moved to local clinics, as the number of patients increased. In 2023 more patients have a portable machine at home and have to manage the process themselves. 

A dialyser is part of a dialysis machine. The dialyser filters blood like a kidney. It is made of a clear hollow cylinder with two inlets and two outlets. One inlet and outlet is at the upper side and downside which are for blood entrance and exit before and after purification. The other inlet and outlet are beside through which a supporter liquid goes into the dialyser.

A dialyser has very thin fibres of cellulose. The fibres work as a semi-permeable membrane (SPM). There are about 10,000 of them. Impurities such as urea keratin leave through the SPM. Blood cells cannot go through because the blood cells are bigger than the impurities. The whole process of purification is supported by a liquid called dialysate. Dialysate is sent into the dialyser by the pump in the dialysis machine. The pure liquid goes in and the impure dialysate comes out. Dialysers are also called artificial kidneys.

Kinkajou

The kinkajou is a mammal of the family Procyonidae and it is related to the raccoon, coati, olingo, raingtail and cacomistle. It lives in the rainforests of South America and Central America, and spends most of its time on trees. It can eat both meat and plants and has a gripping tail that can be used like an arm. It is an endangered species because it is being hunted for its fur, meat and to be illegally sold as pets.

Although kinkajous may look like monkeys, lemurs, koalas, opossums, bears or ferrets, they are not related to those animals. An adult kinkajou's weight is between 1-3 kg (3-7 lb). Its body can grow up to 43-56 cm long (17-22 in) and its tail usually measures between 16-22 cm (41- 56 in). The kinkajou has woolly fur consisting of an outer golden (brownish-gray) coat and another gray coat underneath.

The Barber of Seville

The Barber of Seville (in Italian: Il barbiere di Siviglia) is a comic opera (opera buffa) in two acts by the composer Gioachino Rossini. The libretto (words) are based on a comedy by Pierre Beaumarchais called "The Barber of Seville". It is Rossini's most famous opera, containing some very well known tunes.

The first performance took place on 20 February, 1816 in Rome.

Rossini's opera was not the first one to be based on Beaumarchais' play. The composer Giovanni Paisiello had written one with the same title, and another was composed in 1796 by Nicolas Isouard. Paisiello's opera was popular for a time, but soon Rossini's opera became famous and Paisiello's opera was forgotten.

Mozart's opera "Le nozze di Figaro," composed in 1786 is also based on the same play, but it deals with the second part of the play (the play was in three parts).

Rossini is well known for being able to compose very quickly. He composed all the music for "The Barber of Seville" in less than three weeks. He borrowed the overture from something he had written earlier. 

When the opera was first performed on 20 February 1816 it was a big failure. The audience hissed and jeered the whole time, and there were several little accidents on the stage. At one point a cat walked onto the stage.

The second time it was performed it was a great success.

"The square in front of Dr. Bartolo's house"

The story takes place in the town of Seville in Spain. It is supposed to be the 17th century. In a town square outside Dr. Bartolo's house a band of musicians are serenading outside the window of Rosina. Among them is Lindoro, who is pretending to be a poor student, but he is really Count Almaviva in disguise. He hopes that Rosina will love him. He pays the musicians who then leave.

Figaro comes in. He used to be Almaviva's servant. The aria that he sings is very famous. It is called "Largo al factotum". Almaviva asks him to help him meet Rosina, offering him money if he can do it. Figaro says he should disguise himself as a soldier and pretend to be drunk and to try and get into the house. 

Inside Dr Bartolo's house Rosina sings a song "Una voce poco fa" ("A voice just now"). 
Rosina writes to the Count, calling him Lindoro, because she thinks that is his name. As she is leaving the room, Bartolo and Basilio enter. Bartolo is suspicious of the Count, and Basilio says that they should start to tell bad stories about him to get him out of the way.

When they are gone, Rosina and Figaro enter. Figaro asks Rosina to write a short note to Lindoro. She has already done this. She is surprised by Bartolo, but she manages to fool him.

Berta, Dr Bartolo's servant, tries to leave the house. She is met by the Count disguised as an drunken soldier. Bartolo cannot get rid of the Count, who manages to have a quick word with Rosina. He whispers to her that he is called Lindoro and gives her a letter. Bartolo is watching and is suspicious. He wants to know what the letter is about, but Rosina fools him by giving him a list of things to be washed. Bartolo and the Count start arguing. Basilio, Figaro and Berta appear and the noise is heard by the Officer of the Watch and his men. Bartolo thinks that the Count has been arrested, but Almaviva tells the officer his real name and he is immediately released. Bartolo and Basilio cannot understand why this happened. Rosina laughs at them.

"Dr. Bartolo's house"

Almaviva comes to the doctor's house again. This time he is disguised as a music teacher. He is pretending that Basilio is ill and that he has come instead. At first Bartolo is suspicious but he soon lets him in when he shows him Rosina's letter. He gives Rosina a singing lesson. Bartolo thinks that Lindoro is one of the Count's servants and that he is trying to get girls for the Count. Bartolo does not want to leave him alone with Rosina, so he gets Figaro (who is a barber) to shave him.
When Basilio suddenly appears, Almaviva bribes him with some money and he goes away saying he is sick. Bartolo realizes in the end that it is a trick, and gets everyone out of the room. He goes to a notary to get a marriage contract made between himself and Rosina. He shows Rosina the letter she wrote to "Lindoro", and makes her think that Lindoro is a servant and cunning friend of Almaviva.

The stage is empty while the music creates a thunder storm. The Count and Figaro climb up a ladder to the balcony and enter the room through a window. Rosina shows Almaviva the letter and says she is very sad. Almaviva tells her who he really is. Rosina now loves him. Figaro tells them they should leave. Basilio and the notary come to the front door and try to leave by the ladder, but it has gone. Basilio can either take a bribe a be a witness to the marriage or he can be shot dead. He decides, together with Figaro, to witness the signing of the marriage contract between the Count and Rosina. Bartolo rushes in, but is too late. Bartolo (who was the one who had taken away the ladder) is made happy when he is told he can keep Rosina's dowry.

Veroia

Veroia (or Veria) is a Greek city which is a capital of Imathia prefecture. It is in the north of the Greece, in the central Macedonia periphery. In 2001, 42.794 lived there. 

Katerini

Katerini is a Greek city which is the capital of Pieria prefecture in the region of Macedonia. It is found on the foothill of Mount Olympus, the highest Greek mountain. Katerini is located in the periphery of Central Macedonia and it is near Thessaloniki. It has a population of 85,851 inhabitants according to 2011 census.

Drama, Greece

Drama is a Greek city that is the capital of Drama prefecture. It is in the east of Macedonia and it belongs to the East Macedonia periphery. 42,501 people live there.

Kavala

Kavala is one of the biggest cities in Macedonia. It is the capital of Kavala prefecture. It is in the northeastern part of Greece, in the East Macedonia and Thrace periphery. It is on the Bay of Kavala, across from the island of Thasos. According to the 2001 census, 63,293 people lived there.

Alexandroupoli

Alexandroupoli (or Alexandroupolis) is a Greek city, in the Thrace periphery. It is the capital of Evros prefecture. Alexandroupolis is in the northeast of Greece, very close to Turkey and Bulgaria. It had 57,812 people according to 2011 census. 

Marten

The Martens are small mammals in the family Mustelidae.
They belong to the genus Martes, with eight species. They live in the Northern Hemisphere, and are found in North America, Canada, Europe and Asia.

Martens are carnivores which mainly hunt at night. They have thin bodies, long, bushy tails, short legs and pointed faces. Their fur is usually brown with pale chest. Martens live in forests. They have claws that retract, like cats, so they can easily climb trees. They live by themselves and do not like other martens living too close to them. They eat mostly small mammals like squirrels, voles, mice, rabbits, but also fish, insects, eggs and sometimes fruits (mostly berries) when available. 

They meet to mate in late spring or early summer and have a litter of up to five babies. Little martens, called 'kits', are born blind and naked in early spring, after long gestation.


Karl Landsteiner

Karl Landsteiner (June 14, 1868 - June 26, 1943) was an Austrian doctor. He won the 1930 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of human blood types published on 14 November 1901. His blood type is O.

Otto Heinrich Warburg

Otto Heinrich Warburg (October 8, 1883 - August 1, 1970) was a German chemist. After earning his doctorate degrees in medicine and chemistry, he started to investigate how oxygen is consumed by cells in a living organism. His studies led him to identify the role of the cytochromes.

He won the 1931 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the respiratory enzyme.

In the 1920s, Warburg and his colleagues observed that tumors take up higher amounts of glucose than their surrounding tissues. Although consuming glucose is helpful for mammals because it is a nutrient, tumor cells consume too much glucose despite having working mitochondria and enough presence of oxygen. This observation is called the Warburg effect.

Following this observation, Warburg and his colleagues concluded: that to kill a tumor cell, it must be deprived of glucose.


Charles Scott Sherrington

Charles Scott Sherrington (27 November 1857 – 4 March 1952) was an English doctor. He won the 1932 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Edgar Douglas Adrian, for discoveries about neurons.

Ruhla

Ruhla is a German city in the west of Thuringia. Next bigger Cities are Eisenach and Erfurt. About 6,500 people live there. 

There is a park with miniatures of sights of Thuringia in Ruhla. 

The town has a rare angle church called "St. Concordia".

Eddie May

Eddie May (born August 30, 1967) is a former Scottish footballer. He also was the head coach of Falkirk.

Chakotay

Chakotay is a character from the science fiction television show "". He is Kathryn Janeway's second-in-command on the starship Voyager. Actor Robert Beltran played Chakotay.

Tuvok

Tuvok (full title, "Lt. Commander Tuvok") is a character on the science fiction television show . He is a Vulcan and is the security officer on Voyager.

Suprachiasmatic nucleus

The suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN), is a small nucleus in the hypothalamus. It is in middle of the brain. It sits on top of the optic chiasma. 

It is our "body clock", and controls our daily rhythms by hormones and nerve impulses. With its various cell types, it puts out peptides such as vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide) and neurotransmitters.

The SCN controls when we get sleepy, when we wake up, when we are active and when we get hungry. The SCN gets information about light and dark from the retina in the eye so it can adjust itself to the true 24 hours. To do this it uses only about 20,000 neurons.

The SCN also exchanges information with many other parts of the brain. It uses many different types of cells and many different types of peptides (including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide) and neurotransmitters.

Mollie Sugden

Mary Isobel 'Mollie' Sugden (21 July 1922 – 1 July 2009) was an English comedy actress best known for playing saleswoman Mrs. Slocombe in the popular British sitcom "Are You Being Served?" from 1972 to 1985. She later played the same role in "Grace & Favour", which ran from 1992 to 1993. Sugden also appeared in "The Liver Birds" and "Coronation Street". 

Sugden was born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire. She died at the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford on 1 July 2009 of unspecified natural causes.


London Underground 1938 Stock

The London Underground 1938 Stock is a deep-level tube stock that runs on the London Underground from 1938 to present. During their long lives they work on the Bakerloo, Northern, Piccadilly, East London and Central lines. 

These trains do still run on the London Underground. The trains were built by Metro-Cammell and Birmingham RC&W. Some trains still run on the Isle of Wight's Island Line as the class 483. In March 2007, South West Trains purchased the rolling stock outright from HSBC Rail for £1. They are the oldest trains used on timetabled services on the National Rail network.

The 1938 tube stock was built as part of the London Passenger Transport Board's New Works Programme, that took place between 1935–1940. The trains are mainly meant to be used on the Northern and Bakerloo lines. Seven more trains were also to be used on the Piccadilly line.

During the 1950s and 1960s the Northern Line only used 1938 and 1949 tube stock trains. These trains were starting to show how old they are by the late 1960s. The first trains were withdrawn from the Northern line in the early 1970s when they were replaced by the 1972 tube stock trains. Some units are still in service from preservation.

Mayday Parade

Mayday Parade is an American emo band. Its band members are Derek Sanders, Jeremy Lenzo, Alex Garcia, Brooks Betts, and Jake Bundrick. The band was created in Tallahassee, Florida. It was signed to Fearless Records from 2006 until 2009, when they signed to Atlantic Records.



Brantford, Ontario

Brantford is a city in Ontario, Canada. There were 93,650 people in Brantford the last time the Government of Canada did a census count, in 2011.

Brantford is near Hamilton.

Brantford is sometimes called "The Telephone City", because the inventor of the telephone lived in Brantford. Hockey player Wayne Gretzky was born in Brantford.

Brantford was settled by United Empire Loyalists led by Joseph Brant of the Iroquois in 1784. It became a city in 1877.

From 1900 until 1950, Brantford had many companies that made equipment and machinery. Those items were sold in Canada and many other countries. Having the river and a railroad for transportation made it easier to ship the items made in Brantford. That helped Brantford change from a farming town to an industrial city.

By the 1980s and 1990s, business in Brantford was dropping and some companies like White Farm Equipment, Massey-Ferguson, Koering-Waterous, Harding Carpets, and others stopped making products. Many people lost their factory jobs.

A new piece of highway (Highway 403) was built in 1997. The new highway made it easier to drive Hamilton and Toronto, and also to Detroit and Buffalo. So, in 2004, Procter & Gamble and Ferrero SpA moved to Brantford. Now other companies set up in Brantford because it is a good location for shipping products to eastern North America.

40% of people in Brantford did not finish high-school. In the rest of the province of Ontario, this number is 33%.

People in Brantford earn 9% less than people in the rest of Canada.


The city council was elected on October 27, 2014, and is led by Mayor Chris Friel. The city council, in addition to Friel, includes Larry Kings and Rick Weaver (Ward 1), John Sless and John Utley (Ward 2), Greg Martin and Dan McCreary (Ward 3), Cheryl Antoski and Richard Carpenter (Ward 4), and David Neumann and Brian Van Tilborg (Ward 5). There are municipal elections every four years across the province of Ontario. The next election will be in October 2018.

The "Brantford Expositor", which began in 1852, is printed six times a week (everyday except Sunday). The Brant News is published weekly in Brantford.


Brantford has its own television service: Rogers TV (cable 20), a local community channel on Rogers Cable. Other television stations come fromToronto, Hamilton and Kitchener.

Brantford has been used to film parts of the Murdoch Mysteries television series because it has lots of old architecture that fits with the years that the stories take place.

Movies like "Welcome to Mooseport" and "Where the Truth Lies" were partly made in Brantford. Part of "Due South", "Dr. Long Ball", was made at Arnold Anderson Stadium in a park in Brantford. Also, "Weirdsville", was made in Brantford in 2006. "Silent Hill" was made in the downtown in 2005.

Brantford Municipal Airport is in the west end of the city. It has an air show and sometimes the Snowbirds perform. The John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport in Hamilton is about 35 km east of Brantford. Toronto Pearson International Airport is in Mississauga, about 100 km north and east of Brantford.

The train station is located just north of downtown Brantford. VIA Rail has trains for people every day. Trains travel between Windsor, Ontario and Union Station in Toronto, Ontario.

Brantford Transit has nine bus routes that go every half-hour from the middle of the city on Darling Street. There are other buses for school times.

Greyhound Canada has buses that go to Toronto, Hamilton, London, Windsor, and other cities.



Brantford has a big Canada Day Festival on July 1. It has family events and Canadian music. More than 35,000 people come to the Festival.

In the past, these people have sung:







Brantford has many churches and religious temples. It is thought that there are over 35 churches in Brantford, including Anglican, Baptist, Roman Catholic, Pentecostal, Salvation Army, Presbyterian, United, Christadelphian, and Mormon. There are two mosques - a Sunni mosque and a Sufi mosque. There is also one Sikh temple.

Brantford is twinned with:


Fats Domino

Antoine "Fats" Domino (February 26, 1928 – October 24, 2017) was an American R&B and rock and roll pianist and singer-songwriter. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Five of his records released before 1955 sold over a million copies and were certified as gold records, and he had 35 records in the U.S. "Billboard" Top 40. His musical style was based on traditional rhythm and blues, accompanied by saxophones, bass, piano, electric guitar, and drums.

Domino died on October 24, 2017 at his home in Harvey, Louisiana aged 89, after a long illness.


The Swell Season

The Swell Season are an Academy Award winning folk rock duo. The members are Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova. Hansard is a member of the Irish band The Frames. Irglova is a classically trained Czech pianist and singer. The duo won the Academy Award for Best Song in 2008.

The Swell Session made their first album, "The Swell Season", in 2006. It was just after the release of the Frames' sixth CD, "The Cost". Hansard and Irglová also appeared as working-class immigrants in the popular Irish movie, "Once." The movie was shown at the Sundance Film Festival in 2007. The next year, they won the Academy Award for Best Song for the song "Falling Slowly" from that movie . Hansard is the first Irish-born person to win in that category. Irglová is the first Czech woman to win an Oscar. At age 19, she became the youngest person to win an Oscar in a musical category. The soundtrack, "Once: Music from the Motion Picture," was certified as gold in February 2008. They went on tour and performed to sold-out crowds in many countries. Hansard and Irglová also recorded a version of Bob Dylan's "You Ain't Goin' Nowhere" for the movie "I'm Not There" in 2007. 

During the tour, Hansard and Irglová began dating. Hansard said, "I had been falling in love with her for a long time, but I kept telling myself she's just a kid". In 2009, Hansard said that he and Irglova were no longer romantically linked, and that they are now "good friends."

Hansard and Irglová performed "Falling Slowly" live on the Oscar broadcast at Los Angeles' Kodak Theater on February 24, 2008. When they went on stage to receive their awards, Irglova's acceptance speech was stopped by the orchestra's music cue to leave the stage. Host Jon Stewart asked her back to give her speech after the commercial break. Ceremony director Gil Cates said the early cue was an accident.

Ted Stevens

Theodore Fulton "Ted" Stevens, Sr. (November 18, 1923 – August 9, 2010) was a Republican U.S. Senator from Alaska. He served in the United States Senate for 40 years from 1968 to 2009. He was the 87th President Pro Tempore of the Senate from 2003–2007. For his services as president pro tempore, Senator Stevens was named as only the third President pro tempore emeritus of the United States Senate. Even by Senate standards, Stevens was extremely effective at getting billions of dollars in federal funds for Alaska. He was so effective at it he was nicknamed "uncle Ted". He also served as the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior from 1960 to 1961. The airport in Anchorage, Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport was named after him in 2000. Stevens was born in Indianapolis. In 2010, Stevens died in a plane crash in Alaska at the age of 86.

Stevens was born on November 18, 1923 in Indianapolis, Indiana.

In World War II Stevens joined the US Army Air Corps as a pilot. He flew transport planes in China supporting the Flying Tigers. He was awarded two Distinguished Flying Crosses, two Air Medals and the Yun Hai Medal by the Republic of China.

After serving in the Second World War, he went into law in Fairbanks, Alaska where he became a US Attorney soon after. When Dwight Eisenhower was president, Stevens worked in the Interior and helped to make Alaska a state. In 1968 he was appointed to the Senate, where he served for the next forty years. While in the Senate he was known for taking action for his own state: preserving Alaskan wilderness areas, protecting fisheries, and building the Trans Alaska Pipeline. He also helped set up the US Olympic Committee. In 2008 he was charged with major crimes related to corruption days before his reelection, which he lost to Mark Begich. He planned on trying to get his Senate seat back after he the charges were dropped, but he died in a plane crash in the Alaskan wilderness in 2010.

Red Hat Enterprise Linux

Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) is a Linux distribution developed by Red Hat for the commercial market. Red Hat Enterprise Linux is released in server versions for x86-64, Power ISA, ARM64, and IBM Z and a desktop version for x86-64. All of Red Hat's official support and training, together with the Red Hat Certification Program, focuses on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux platform.




Joy of Giving Week

The Joy of Giving Week (JGW), planned for Sept 27 - Oct 3, 2009 as a national movement, aims at engaging at least one crore Indians in different ""acts of giving"" - "money, time, resources and skills"- spanning the corporate, NGO and government sectors, schools, colleges and the general public. The idea is to create a ""festival of philanthropy"" that can, over the years, become a part of the Indian ethos, with the Week being celebrated every year covering Gandhi Jayanti. The Week is designed as a ""public platform"" and is being co-ordinated by GiveIndia, a non for profit organization whose mission is to promote "Giving". GiveIndia has earlier initiated public giving activities like the Mumbai and Delhi marathons and runs the largest Payroll Giving programme in the country across 40 companies.

The "Joy of Giving Week" was launched in Mumbai on June 3 in front of the media and was covered by 22 news channels and over 40 publications and a press meet was scheduled in Chennai on June 30. And soon, the campaign would launched before media in Hyderabad and various other cities.

Several corporates, celebrities and organisations have already finalized their efforts towards awareness, volunteering and fundraising events that they will organize during the "Joy of Giving Week".

A brief outline on some of the initiatives that are taking place during the Week.


Aloch

Aloch is a small town in Shangla District, of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is the capital of Puran Tehsil, which is one of the divisions of the district.


Chakesar

Chakesar is a town and tehsil of the Shangla District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is situated on the banks of the Indus River. The inhabitants are primarily employed in agriculture. On October 8, 2006, the region was severely hit by an earthquake. It is the capital of Chakesar Tehsil, which is a division of the Shangla District.

Besham

Besham (also known as Besham Qala) is the largest town and commercial centre of the Shangla District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is also the capital of Besham Tehsil. 

Besham's shops are open 24 hours a day due to its location on the famous Silk route which connects Pakistan with China. Besham shops are famous for its china and international goods. In summer this small town is the centre of international and national holiday makers who use this route to visit the Northern areas of Pakistan. Besham has a few good hotels including PTDC Motel, Besham Continental Hotel, Hotel Paris and many more. People in this small town are friendly and hospitable. There is a civil hospital which was upgraded to the Tehsil level.

Alpuri Tehsil

Alpuri Tehsil is a tehsil in Shangla District, Pakistan. Its capital is Alpuri, which is also the district headquarters of Shangla.

Bhag

Bhag () is a city in Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The city is the capital of the tehsil of the same name (Bhag Tehsil), and has an altitude of 90 metres (298 feet).

Atlanta Chiefs

Atlanta Chiefs was a soccer club which played in the United States. It played first from 1967 until 1972. It was reformed in 1979 until it folded in 1981.

Kansas City Spurs

The Kansas City Spurs were a soccer club which played in United States from 1968 until 1970.

Rochester Lancers

Rochester Lancers was a soccer club. It was based in Rochester, New York, United States.

Dallas Tornado

Dallas Tornado was a soccer club which played in North American Soccer League.

New York Cosmos (1970–1985)

New York Cosmos was a soccer team which played in United States. The team stoppped playing in 1985.

Philadelphia Atoms

Philadelphia Atoms is a soccer club which plays in the United States.

Los Angeles Aztecs

The Los Angeles Aztecs was a soccer club which played in United States.

Tampa Bay Rowdies

Tampa Bay Rowdies is the name of two soccer clubs from the Tampa Bay Area of Florida. The first club was founded in 1975 and played till 1993 in the NASL (North American Soccer League ). After the folding of the NASL in 1984 they played in minor leagues till their own folding in 1993.

The new club was formed in 2008 under the same name. The club plays in the North American Soccer League (NASL), the second division in American league system. There was a trademark dispute, so the club played his first two seasons under the name F.C. Tampa Bay. In December 2011 the dispute was solved and the club plays now under the name Tampa Bay Rowdies.

Toronto Blizzard

Toronto Blizzard was a soccer team that played in the North American Soccer League.


Chicago Sting

Chicago Sting is a soccer club from Chicago, Illinois, USA which plays in the NASL,the 2nd division of soccer in the US and Canada.

Tulsa Roughnecks

Tulsa Roughnecks was a soccer club which played in North American Soccer League. At the time they were active, that was the top socccer league in U.S and Canada. 

Racing de Santander

Racing Club de Santander is a football club which plays in Spain.

Sporting de Gijón

Sporting de Gijón is a football club which plays in Spain.

UD Las Palmas

U.D. Las Palmas is a football club which plays in Spain.

Villarreal CF

Villarreal C.F. is a football club based in Villarreal, Spain, that plays in the top division of Spanish football, La Liga.

The club was founded in 1923. They play their home games at Estadio de la Ceramica. 

In December 2004, the IFFHS named Villarreal CF as the best team of the month worldwide.


The Veronicas

The Veronicas are an Australian pop rock duo from Brisbane. The band was formed in 2004. It was started by twin sisters Jessica and Lisa Origliasso. They started working in show business at age five. They broke with their record label, Warner, in 2014. The twins said “After five years of being in a 'Warner Brothers Records Lockdown', we are officially able to move forward RELEASING and recording music without our past label dictating our creative journey, or withholding our musical releases and touring.” The Veronicas then signed a deal with Sony.

Their first album was released in 2005, called "The Secret Life of...". This album peaked at #2 on the Australian charts. It received an ARIA certification of four times platinum, for more than 280,000 sales.

Their second album was called "Hook Me Up". It was released in 2007. "Hook Me Up" peaked at #2 on the Australian charts. It received a certification of two times platinum. The album's title song, "Hook Me Up", was The Veronicas' first number one single in Australia.

The Veronicas released their third album "You and Me" in 2014.



Thirst (2009 movie)

Thirst is a 2009 horror/drama movie. It was written and directed by Park Chan-wook. It tells the story of a priest who is in love with his friend's wife turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment. Park said, “this film was originally called "The Bat" to convey a sense of horror."

Sang-hyun, a priest, is helping in a program for developing vaccines, which takes place in a hospital in an another country. He died during the experiments after becoming infected with a virus. However, after receiving an unidentified blood transfusion, he came back to life. However, the blood changed him into Vampire.

After this, many people became his followers, because they believed that he could perform miracles. Sang-hyun feels irresistible desire for Tae-ju, the wife of his friend and follow. Tae-ju also becomes attracted to Sang-hyun. Falling in love with Tae-ju, Sang-hyun abandons his life as a priest, falls into the world of Tae-ju.

The more they love, the more they are at risk. After finding out that Sang-hyun is a Vampire, Tae-ju tries to avoid him. However, eventually she asks Sang-hyun to kill her husband, Kang-woo. Sang-hyun tries to avoid killing Kang-woo, but eventually decides to kill him for Tae-ju and accepts her proposal.



Thirst

Thirst is the need to drink water or some other liquid. People can survive quite a while without food, but without something to drink they die very quickly. See dehydration.

List of awards and nominations received by 30 Seconds to Mars

30 Seconds to Mars is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 1998. "A Beautiful Lie", the fourth single from the second album, was nominated for "Best Video" at the Kerrang! Awards and wins for "Video Star" at the MTV Asia Awards, "Playlist Generation" at the TRL Awards and at the MTV Europe Music Awards, and it received the "MTV Gold Video Plays Award" from MTV International.

30 Seconds to Mars' songs and albums have received recognition at the Kerrang! Awards, the MTV Europe Music Awards, the MTV Australia Awards, the MTV Video Music Awards, the Fuse Awards and other many. "The Kill (Bury Me)" is the second single from the band's second album "A Beautiful Lie". The song was awarded the "Best MTV 2" award from the MTV Video Music Awards, the "Video Inspired By Film" award from the Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards, the "Best Video Woodie: Live Action" award from the MTVu Woodie Awards, the "Video of the Year" and "Best Rock Video" awards from the MTV Australia Video Music Awards and the "Best Single" award from the Kerrang! Awards. The band itself has received awards including "Rock Out" at the MTV Europe Music Awards in 2007 and 2008, "Best International Band" at the Kerrang! Awards, "Mejor Artista Rock Internacional" at the MTV Video Music Awards Latinamerica, "Best International Breakthrough" at the Bandit Rock Awards, "Fuse Best of 2007" at the Fuse Awards and "Best New Artist" at the TRL Awards.

The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. 30 Seconds to Mars has received one award from two nominations.
The Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards were established by the television channel Fuse TV. It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best rock artists. They won all the nominations.
The Fuse Awards are an enclosure to the Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards. They wins for "Fuse Best of 2007".
The Hollywood Life's Breakthrough of the Year Awards they recognizes the most beloved people of Hollywood. In 2006 Jared Leto wins for "Crossover Artist".
The MTVu Woodie Awards were established in 2005 by MTV, which they say recognizes the music voted best by college students.
The TRL Awards were established in 2006 by MTV Italy, to celebrate the most popular artists and music videos in Italy.

The MTV Australia Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 2005 by MTV Australia. 30 Seconds to Mars has won two award.

The Kerrang! Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by Kerrang!, a British rock magazine. It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best new rock artists. 30 Seconds to Mars has won three awards from six nominations.

The Festivalbar is an annual awards Italian ceremony were established in 1964. 30 Seconds to Mars has received one nomination for "Festivalbar Digital".

The TMF Awards is an annual television awards show broadcast live on The Music Factory. 30 Seconds to Mars has received two nominations.

The MTV Video Music Awards Latinamerica were established in 2002 by MTV. 30 Seconds to Mars has received one awards from three nominations.

The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. 30 Seconds to Mars has received three awards from four nominations.

The Bandit Rock Awards is an annual television awards show broadcast live on S4C. 30 Seconds to Mars has received one awards.

The MTV Asia Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 2002 by MTV Asia. 30 Seconds to Mars has received one awards.

MTV International rewards at the end of every year the individual more performed in the 48 world channels of MTV. 30 Seconds to Mars win in 2009 for "A Beautiful Lie" for 2008.


Lake Washington

Lake Washington is a lake in the US state of Washington. It is next to the city of Seattle. Seattle is on the west side of the lake, Lake City, Bothell, and Kenmore to the north, Kirkland and Bellevue to the east, and Renton to the south. Mercer Island is in the south end of the lake. The deepest part of the lake is deep. The lake is above sea level. It is a fresh water lake. On a few days of the year are people allowed to fish for salmon in the lake.

University of Balochistan

University of Balochistan is a public university that was set up in 1974 at Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan. It has more than 6,000 students and one campus, 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties.









Hinglaj Mata

Hinglaj Mata is a Hindu temple in Hinglaj, on the Makran coast in the Lyari District of Balochistan in Pakistan. 


Akihabara

Akihabara is a district of Chiyoda, Tokyo. It is known for its stores which feature electronics and anime products. It is also famous for Yodobashi Camera.

In 2009, Akihabara was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period. .

Its name is often shortened to "Akiba" in Japan. Akihabara is a major shopping area for electronic, computer, anime, games and otaku goods. In this place, new and used items can be gotten. New items are mostly to be found on the main street, "Chūōdōri", with many kinds of used items found in the back streets of "Soto Kanda 3-chōme"

As mentioned, Akihabara is famous as electric town.

After World War II, a black market at Kanda developed. And what began as a host of electrical stores selling radio goods or some electronic component has today come to be known as Electric Town.

Consumer electronics such as a TV or washing machine is one of the products sold in Akihabara for a long time. These days, because of intense price competition, mid or small-scale electrical appliance shops have decreased and large retail electrical appliances store came to be outstanding. However, the shops treating a lot of consumer electrionics for foreign countries are prosperous by foreign tourists.


Debito Arudou

Debito Arudou (born David Christopher Schofill on 13 January 1965) is a writer. He became a naturalized Japanese citizen in 2000. He lived in Japan until 2011, after which he emigrated to Hawaii, where he still lives. He is a social activist who tries to change the situation of non-Japanese people in Japan. He also reclaimed his American citizenship after leaving Japan.


All Time Low

All Time Low is a pop-punk band. They formed in 2003, in Lutherville-Timonium, Maryland. The band's lead singer and guitarist is Alex Gaskarth. The other band members are drummer Rian Dawson, bassist Zack Merrick, and guitarist Jack Barakat. The band signed to Emerald Moon Records in 2004, and released their first album, called "The Party Scene", in 2005. They signed to Hopeless Records in 2006, and released their second album, "So Wrong, It's Right", in 2007. "Nothing Personal", was released on July 7, 2009. The band's newest Album, released in April 2020, is called Wake Up, Sunshine.

The name "All Time Low" is taken from lyrics in the song "Head on Collision" by New Found Glory.




Hannah Montana

Hannah Montana is a 2006 Disney Channel television series. The series stars Miley Cyrus as Miley Stewart. Miley is a normal girl who is also a pop star named Hannah Montana. No one except her family and two closest friends know Miley and Hannah Montana are the same person. Her father, Robby Ray Stewart, it is played by Miley Cyrus' real father, Billy Ray Cyrus. The series also stars Emily Osment as her best friend, Lilly Truscott, Mitchel Musso as Oliver Oken and Jason Earles as Miley's older brother, Jackson Stewart. In 2007 it was nominated for an Emmy award.



"Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert" is a musical movie from Walt Disney Pictures shown in Disney Digital 3D using 3D glasses. The movie was planned to only be in cinemas for one week, February 1-7, 2008 in the US and Canada, but the showings were extended. On its first weekend, February 1-3, 2008, the movie made $29 million. Ticket prices were as high as $15, at least 50% higher than most movie tickets in 2008.

"Hannah Montana: The Movie" is a 2009 Walt Disney Pictures musical comedy movie based on the Disney Channel show "Hannah Montana" which was released on April 10, 2009, by Walt Disney Pictures, it was the second Disney Channel series to have a movie for Walt Disney Pictures. The movie was directed by Peter Chelsom. Filming began in April 2008. Most of the filming was in Columbia, Tennessee and Los Angeles, California and was completed in July 2008. The movie stars Miley Cyrus, Emily Osment, Mitchel Musso, Jason Earles, Moises Arias, Lucas Till, and Billy Ray Cyrus. There are also some musical guests including Rascall Flatts and Grammy Winner Taylor Swift.
The movie goes for 98 minutes (including credits).



Special Features:

Special Features:
(This DVD also included another episode from "That's So Raven" and another from "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". All three episodes were related and had crossovers amongst each other)

This DVD includes the first four episodes with Jake Ryan.
Special features:

Special Features:

Special Features:
(*This DVD also included episodes from "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody" and "Cory in the House" which also had the theme of "Wishing Upon a Star")

Special Features:

Internet Relay Chat operator

An Internet Relay Chat operator known also as IRCop or oper, is one who controls the server. There are many types of operators.

IRC operators are separated into local and global operators. The local operators are only in control of the server they connect to. Global operators can do things to all users on the network. In order to do what they have to do, IRC operators usually have the right to:


In many IRC networks, operators have many types of access on a network. These types often depend upon the IRCd software used, though a few access rights remain about the same across the different servers. Access rights can also be set per operator.


Sălcuța

Sălcuţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. It has a population of 2,488 people. There are four villages: Mârza, Plopşor, Sălcuţa and Tencănău.

Australovenator

Australovenator is a medium-sized theropod dinosaur that lived in Australia about 100 million years ago. 

The fossil bones of the dinosaur were found at an ancient billabong near Winton, Queensland. Scientists have called him "Banjo", after the famous Australian poet, Banjo Patterson. Patterson wrote the song "Waltzing Matilda" after a visit to Winton in 1885. 

The dinosaur was discovered in 2006, with several others such as the sauropods "Diamantinasaurus" and "Wintonotitan". It was the most complete theropod skeleton to be found in Australia, as of 2009.

"Banjo" was a medium-sized, fast, carnivorous dinosaur with three large, sharp claws on each hand. It stood about two meters tall. Dinosaur expert Scott Hocknull described "Australovenator wintonensis" as being like a cheetah.

A phylogenetic analysis found "Australovenator" to be an allosaurid carnosaur. More studies showed it formed a clade with several other carcharodontosaurid-like allosaurs, the Neovenatoridae.

FC Shakhtar Donetsk

F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club from Donetsk. They are current UEFA Europa League winners.



Hiroshi Nanami

Nanami was born in Fujieda on November 28, 1972. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined Júbilo Iwata in 1995. From first season, he played as regular player and became a most central player in golden era in club history. The club won the champions 1997 J1 League and 1998 J.League Cup. He was also selected Best Eleven for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). In Asia, the club won 1998–99 Asian Club Championship. In July 1999, he moved to Serie A club Venezia on loan. However the club was relegated to Serie B in 2000. In September 2000, he returned to Júbilo Iwata. He hurts his knees in 2001 and he reduced opportunities to play in the match after that. The club won the champions at 2002 J1 League and 2003 Emperor's Cup. This was golden era in the club history and he was one of the central player in golden era. In 2006, his opportunity to play decreased and he moved to Cerezo Osaka in August 2006. In 2007, he moved to J2 League club Tokyo Verdy. In 2008, he returned to Júbilo Iwata and announced his retirement in November 2008 after being dogged by a knee injury in recent years.

On August 6, 1995, Nanami debuted and scored a goal for Japan against Costa Rica. From 1996, he became a central player and wore the number 10 shirt. In 1996, he played all matches for Japan included 1996 Asian Cup. At 1998 World Cup qualification in 1997, Japan won the qualify for 1998 World Cup first time Japan's history. In 1998, he played all matches included World Cup. He also played at 1999 Copa América and 2000 Asian Cup. At 2000 Asian Cup, he played full time in all matches and scored 3 goals. Japan won the champions and he was selected MVP Awards. After he hurts his knees in 2001, he did not play for Japan. He played 67 games and scored 9 goals for Japan until 2001.

In September 2014, Nanami became a manager for Júbilo Iwata as Péricles Chamusca successor. Júbilo played in J2 League in 2014 season and aimed to return to J1 League. However Júbilo finished at 4th place in 2014 and missed promotion to J1. In 2015, Júbilo won the 2nd place and promoted to J1 League. Although Júbilo finished 13th place in 2016, Júbilo gained Shunsuke Nakamura and rose at 6th place in 2017. However the club results were bad from 2018. Although Júbilo finished at 16th place of 18 clubs in 2018 and remained J1, he resigned in June 2019 when Júbilo was at the bottom place.

331||34||22||2||48||1||6||1||407||38
24||1||7||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||31||2
355||35||29||3||48||1||6||1||438||40

!Total||67||9

Takuya Yamada

Yamada was born in Setagaya, Tokyo on August 24, 1974. After graduating from Komazawa University, he joined J1 League club Verdy Kawasaki (later "Tokyo Verdy") in 1997. He played many matches as right side back from first season. In 1999, he was converted to defensive midfielder and became a regular player. In 2004, the club won the champions in the Emperor's Cup. However the club was relegated to J2 League end of the 2005 season. In 2006, he moved to Cerezo Osaka and played in 1 season. After the blank in half-year, he signed with Yokohama FC in summer 2007 and played as right side back. In 2009, he moved to Sagan Tosu. In 2010, he moved to United States and joined FC Tampa Bay (later "Tampa Bay Rowdies"). After playing for Tampa Bay in 5 seasons, he returned to Japan and played for FC Imabari and Nara Club. He retired end of 2017 season.

In December 2003, Yamada was selected the Japan national team for 2003 East Asian Football Championship. At this tournament, on December 7, he debuted against Hong Kong. He was also selected Japan for 2004 Asian Cup. Although he did play in the match, Japan won the champions. He played as defensive midfielder for Japan. He played 4 games for Japan until 2004.

365||29||31||2||45||4||441||35
113||4||4||0||0||0||117||4
478||33||35||2||45||4||558||39

!Total||4||0

Katsumi Oenoki

Oenoki was educated at and played for Shimizu Higashi High School. He won the national high school championship with his teammates including Kenta Hasegawa and Takumi Horiike. He continued his study and football at Waseda University. After graduating from the university in 1988, he joined Japan Soccer League side Yamaha Motors. When Japan's first-ever professional league J1 League started, Shimizu S-Pulse was founded in his local city. He joined the club in 1992 and re-united with his high school teammates Hasegawa and Horiike. He helped the club to win the 1996 J.League Cup, the second stage of the 1999 J1 League, and the 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. He made more than 250 league appearances for Shimizu and retired after the 2002 season.

Oenoki was capped 5 times for the Japan national team between 1989 and 1990. His first international appearance came on May 5, 1989 in a friendly against South Korea in Seoul. He also played at 1990 World Cup qualification.

After the retirement, Oenoki started coaching career at Shimizu S-Pulse in 2003. In 2004, he became a manager his alma mater Waseda University. In 2008, he returned to Shimizu S-Pulse and served as a manager for the youth team. In July 2014, he was promoted to a manager for top team as Afshin Ghotbi successor. However the club performance is bad he resigned in July 2015.

306||16||25||1||66||9||397||26
306||16||25||1||66||9||397||26

!Total||5||0

Yasuyuki Moriyama

Moriyama was born in Gifu on May 1, 1969. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus Eight in 1992. The club won the champions at 1995 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won the 2nd place at 1996–97 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. From the late 1990s, he moved to many clubs on loan, Bellmare Hiratsuka (1998), HIT Gorica (1998-99), Sanfrecce Hiroshima (1999), Kawasaki Frontale (2000) and Consadole Sapporo (2002-03). 

In July 2004, he announced his retirement at Nagoya Grampus Eight. In 2005, he came back as player at his local club FC Gifu played in Regional Leagues. The club was promoted to Japan Football League in 2007 and J2 League in 2008. He retired end of 2008 season.

On June 15, 1997, Moriyama debuted for the Japan national team against Turkey.

260||74||23||5||39||5||322||84
10||1||||||||||10||1
270||75||23||5||39||5||332||85

!Total||1||0

Galvão (footballer)

José Antônio Martins Galvão (born 8 July, 1982) is a Brazilian football player.

120||42||||||||||120||42
13||0||||||||||13||0
43||11||2||1||5||3||50||15
176||53||2||1||5||3||183||57

Tetsuya Asano

Asano was born in Hokota on February 23, 1967. After graduating from Hokota Daiichi High School, he joined Toyota Shukyu-Dan in 1985. In 1987, he moved Japan Soccer League club Toyota Motors (later "Nagoya Grampus Eight") in 1987. In 1992, Japan Soccer League was folded and founded new league J1 League. In 1994, he moved to Urawa Reds on loan. In 1995, he returned and the club won 1995 and 1999 Emperor's Cup. Toward the end of his career, he played at FC Tokyo (2000) and Kawasaki Frontale (2001). He retired in 2001.

On June 2, 1991, Asano debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand. He played 8 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1994.

After retirement, Asano started coaching career at Shonan Bellmare in 2007. He moved to Avispa Fukuoka in 2010 and he became a manager as Yoshiyuki Shinoda successor in August 2011. However the club was relegated to J2 League and he resigned end of the season. In 2013, he signed with Nadeshiko League club Iga FC Kunoichi and managed until September 2014. In 2015, he signed with Japan Football League club Kagoshima United FC. In 2015 season, the club won 4th place and was promoted to J3 League. In 2017, he moved to J3 club AC Nagano Parceiro. He resigned in June 2018.

290||31||25||5||37||3||352||39
290||31||25||5||37||3||352||39

!Total||8||1

Ivan Hašek

Ivan Hašek (born 6 September 1963) is a former Czech football player. He played for Czechoslovakia national team and Czech Republic national team.

Sparta Prague

Individual

Sparta Prague

Al-Ahli

Al-Hilal

Yoshinobu Ishii

Ishii was born in Fukuyama on March 13, 1939. After graduating from Fukuyama Iyo High School, he joined his local club Toyo Industries in 1957. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. The club won the league champions for 3 years in a row (1965-1967) and Emperor's Cup 2 times (1965 and 1967). He played 28 games in the league until 1967. In 1968, he moved to new club Towa Real Estate (later "Fujita Industries"). The club was promoted to Japan Soccer League in 1972. He retired in 1975.

On August 15, 1962, Ishii debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore.

In 1975, when Ishii played for Fujita Industries, he became a playing manager as Yukio Shimomura successor. The club won the champions in 1977 and 1979. The club also won 1979 Emperor's Cup. He left the club in 1980. In 1986, he named a manager for the Japan national team as Takaji Mori successor. He managed at 1986 Asian Games. However, at 1988 Summer Olympics qualification in October 1987, following Japan's failure to qualify for 1988 Summer Olympics, he resined a manager. In 1988, he returned to Fujita Industries and managed the club. However, in 1989–90 season, the club was relegated to Division 2 and he resigned as manager.

Ishii died on April 26, 2018 at the age of 79.

28||0
28||0

!Total||1||0

Atsuhiro Miura

Miura was born in Oita on July 24, 1974. After dropped out from Aoyama Gakuin University, he joined J1 League club Yokohama Flügels in 1994. He became a regular player in 1995 and he mainly played as left midfielder. The club won the champions at 1994–95 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 1998, the club won Emperor's Cup. However the club was disbanded end of 1998 season due to financial strain, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. He moved to Tokyo Verdy in 2001. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Takahito Soma while Miura was away from the club for Japan national team. He moved to Vissel Kobe in 2005. Although he served as captain, his opportunity to play decreased in 2007. In August 2007, he moved to Yokohama FC which was founded by Yokohama Flügels supporters. He retired end of 2010 season.

On June 6, 1999, Miura debuted for the Japan national team against Peru. He also played at 1999 Copa América. In September 2000, he was selected Japan for the Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2000 Summer Olympics. In October, he played at 2000 Asian Cup and Japan won the champions. In 2001, he played at 2001 Confederations Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. In 2003, he was selected Japan for the first time in 2 years. Although he played as left side-back, there were few opportunity to play behind Alessandro Santos. He was also selected Japan for 2004 Asian Cup which won the champions and 2005 Confederations Cup. However he did not play in the match at both competition. He played 25 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2005.

In 2018, Miura signed with Vissel Kobe and became a sporting director. In September 2020, he became a manager as Thorsten Fink successor.

427||65||25||3||43||4||495||72
427||65||25||3||43||4||495||72

!Total||25||1

Atsushi Nagai

Atsushi Nagai (born 23 December 1974) is a retired Japanese football player.

422||19||18||1||4||0||443||20
422||19||18||1||4||0||443||20

Akihiro Nishimura

Nishimura was born in Osaka Prefecture on August 8, 1958. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, he joined his local club Yammer Diesel in 1981. The club won 1983 and 1984 JSL Cup. He retired in 1991. He played 148 games and scored 3 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1982.

On June 18, 1980, when Nishimura was an Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He played at 1984 Summer Olympics qualification, 1986 World Cup qualification, 1982 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 49 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1988.

After retirement, Nishimura started coaching career at Matsushita Electric (later "Gamba Osaka") in 1991. In 1999, he became a manager for the Japan U-20 national team. He managed U-20 Japan at the 2001 World Youth Championship in Argentina. In September 2001, he signed with Cerezo Osaka and became an assistant coach. In December, he became a manager as João Carlos successor and he led the club to won the 2nd place in 2001 Emperor's Cup. In October 2003, he was sacked. In 2004, he signed with Kyoto Purple Sanga. He was sacked in June.

148||3
148||3

!Total||49||2

Kenji Takahashi

Kenji Takahashi (born 5 June 1970) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Montedio Yamagata.

416||39||28||7||6||0||450||46
416||39||28||7||6||0||450||46

Masakatsu Miyamoto

Miyamoto was born in Hitachi on July 4, 1938. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Furukawa Electric in 1961. He won 1961 and 1964 Emperor's Cup. In 1965, Furukawa Electric joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1974. He played 103 games and scored 19 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1966, 1967 and 1968.

On December 25, 1958, when Miyamoto was a Waseda University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He was selected Japan for 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. Although he did not play in the match at 1964 Summer Olympics, he played 5 games at 1968 Summer Olympics and Japan won Bronze Medal. In 2018, 1968 Japan team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. He also played at 1962 and 1966 Asian Games. He played 44 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1971.

After retirement, Miyamoto became a manager for Honda in 1983 and managed until 1989. In January 1989, he also managed for the Japan national futsal team for 1989 Futsal World Championship in Netherlands. In 1992, he signed with Kashima Antlers joined new league J1 League. In 1993, he led the club to won the 2nd place at J1 League and Emperor's Cup. he resigned in June 1994. He also managed Shimizu S-Pulse in 1995.

On May 7, 2002, he died of pneumonia in Mito at the age of 63. In 2005, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

103||19
103||19

!Total||44||1


Valery Karpin

Valery Karpin (born 2 February 1969) is a former Russian football player. He has played for Soviet Union national team and Russia national team.

102||12
67||25
383||68
552||105

!Total||1||0

!Total||72||17

Fumitake Miura

Fumitake Miura (born 12 August 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

295||37||24||3||51||5||370||45
295||37||24||3||51||5||370||45

Toshihide Saito

Saito was born in Shizuoka on April 20, 1973. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined his local club Shimizu S-Pulse in 1996. He played as regular player from first season. At 1996 J.League Cup, the club won the champions and he was selected "New Hero awards". End of 1996 season, he was also selected "J.League Rookie of the Year awards". The club also won the 2nd place at 1998 Emperor's Cup and 1999 J1 League, he was also selected Best Eleven in 1999. In 2000s, the club won 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup and 2001 Emperor's Cup. In 2006, he moved to J2 League club Shonan Bellmare and played in 2 season. In 2009, he was appointed playing manager of Prefectural Leagues side Fujieda MYFC. After promotion to the Japan Football League in 2011 and acceptance into J3 League for the 2014 season, Saito decided to leave the club.

Saito was capped 17 times for the Japanese national team between 1996 and 1999. His first international appearance came on August 25, 1996 in a friendly against Uruguay. He was an unused substitute at the 1998 World Cup. He also played at 1999 Copa América.

385||26||28||0||46||1||459||27
385||26||28||0||46||1||459||27

!Total||17||0

Akira Oba

Akira Oba (born 22 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Tokushima Vortis.

162||42||3||0||165||42
162||42||3||0||165||42


Mitsuru Chiyotanda

Mitsuru Chiyotanda (born 1 June 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

228||19||10||0||20||0||258||19
228||19||10||0||20||0||258||19


Seiji Kaneko

Seiji Kaneko (born 27 May 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tampines Rovers.

73||5||2||1||15||0||90||6
7||2||0||0||0||0||7||2
80||7||2||1||15||0||97||8

Lawful interception

Lawful interception is the electronic surveillance of telecommunication services, such as telephone calls or e-mail messages, as approved by law. It is usually done by law enforcement and intelligence agencies. In some places, the law allows such agencies to monitor otherwise private communications data under certain circumstances. This is done for analysis or evidence. It has become an important tool for law enforcement.

The data gathered is generally signalling or network management information. In fewer cases, it may also be the content of the communications (for example, the conversation or written message).

Steve McNair

Steve LaTreal McNair (February 14, 1973 – July 4, 2009, nicknamed "Air McNair") was an American football quarterback who played for the Tennessee Titans and the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He played college football for Alcorn State University. McNair was murdered on July 4, 2009.

McNair was born in Mount Olive, Mississippi, USA McNair credits much of his success to his older brother, Fred, who played a very important part in raising McNair and his siblings, plus helping their mother. He and attended Mount Olive High School starting in 1987, where he played football, baseball, and basketball, and ran track. He led his school to the State Championship as a sophomore.

McNair was offered a full scholarship to the University of Florida to play defensive back but wanting to play quarterback. McNair played college football for Alcorn State University in the NCAA. In 1992, McNair threw for 3,541 yards and 29 touchdowns, and ran in for 10 more scores. The Braves went 7–4. McNair helped Alcorn State to another good year in 1993, as the Braves upped their record to 8–3 while McNair threw for more than 3,000 yards and 30 touchdowns. 

As a senior in 1994, McNair had nearly 6,000 yards rushing and passing, with 53 touchdowns and was named an All-American. McNair also won the Walter Payton Award as the top I-AA player and finished third in the Heisman Trophy voting behind Rashaan Salaam and Ki-Jana Carter. McNair set career records for the Football Championship Series with 14,496 passing yards.

McNair was selected by the Houston Oilers with new head coach Jeff Fisher. McNair stayed in Houston for a few solid years, although McNair was often used as a backup. Runningback Eddie George assisted McNair with his strong running. In 1997 (McNair's first year as a starter), the Oilers moved to Tennessee, and became the Titans before the 1999 season, and also began play in LP Field, or as it was called then, Adelphia Collesium, in 1999.

Early in the 1999 season, McNair was diagnosed with an inflamed disk following Tennessee's 36–35 win over the Cincinnati Bengals, and needed surgery. He was replaced by veteran Neil O'Donnell. Over the next five games, O'Donnell led the Titans to a 4–1 record. McNair returned against the St. Louis Rams, and with McNair starting, Tennessee won seven of its last nine games to finish 13-3.

Tennessee opened the at home against the Buffalo Bills in a Wild Card game, winning on the "Music City Miracle" and got to Super Bowl XXXIV in a re-match with the St. Louis Rams. On the final play of the game, a McNair pass to Kevin Dyson was complete, but Dyson could not break the plane of the goal line, giving the Rams the win. McNair signed a six-year contract with the Titans after the season.

McNair led the Titans to another solid 13-3 season in 2000, but it ended in a hard-fought playoff loss to the Baltimore Ravens in the Divisional Round.

In 2001, McNair had passing highs in yards (3,350), completions (264), touchdowns (21) and quarterback rating (90.2). He also had five scores rushing. McNair was named to the Pro Bowl for the first time, but the game due to a shoulder injury.

After a solid 2002 season, McNair was arrested for DUI (and he also had a handgun in his possession). However, all charges were eventually dropped. McNair and Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning were named co-MVPs for the 2003 season, although McNair had to sit out two games. Injuries continued to bother McNair over the next two seasons, as he played in only eight games in 2004 and fourteen in 2005.

On June 8, 2006 McNair was traded to the Baltimore Ravens. McNair was given the starting job in Baltimore over the disappointing Kyle Boller. McNair started all 16 games in 2006, but often rotated in and out with Boller. McNair got the Ravens to a 13-3 record. McNair's 2006 statistics with the Ravens included 295 pass completions on 468 attempts for 3,050 passing yards, 16 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. McNair also ran for a score in a win against the New Orleans Saints.

McNair and the Ravens both had a bad season in 2007. The Ravens went 5-11, and McNair was often injured. Due to bad quarterback play, McNair would always play when healthy over Kyle Boller and rookie Troy Smith, but McNair still threw only two touchdowns next to four interceptions. That was his last year in the NFL. McNair had his retirement press conference with the Ravens in April, 2008.

McNair was married to Mechelle McNair from June 21, 1997 until his death. McNair had a farm in Mississipi, USA, where he would often go.

McNair had two sons by Mechelle: Steve LaTreal McNair, Steven O'Brian Koran McNair; and two sons - Tyler and Trenton - by two other women.

McNair earned the nickname "Air McNair" in High School. He opened his own restaurant in Nashville, which he named Gridiron9. McNair was also a mentor to quarterback Vince Young.

On July 4, 2009, McNair and 20-year old Sahel Kazemi were found dead in a condominium rented by McNair in Nashville. McNair had several gunshot wounds, and Kazemi had only one to the head. Kazemi had been arrested for DUI two days earlier, and McNair left with his restaurant chef in a taxi. Traces of gunpowder were found on Kazemi's hand, as well as a gun. Kazemi was having trouble financially, and apparently found out that McNair had other relationships. Police ruled this a murder-suicide, with Kazemi as the killer, McNair as the victim. Many people came to McNair's funeral, including some notable players, like fellow QB Brett Favre and former teammate Ray Lewis. Said Titans owner Bud Adams:

To the Associated Press, Ravens General Manager Ozzie Newsome added:
McNair was buried in Memphis on July 11, 2009.



Elizabeth Cross

The Elizabeth Cross is an award within the British honours system that is issued to the next of kin of a service man or woman who died due to enemy action or terrorism since 1949. The award comes with a memorial scroll that contains the dead persons name, when they died and has the Queen's signature on it. It is the most recent medal, honour or award to bear the name of a reigning monarch of the United Kingdom since the George Cross. It is not an award for valour or bravery. It is in the shape of a cross with four equal sides that contains flowers at the end of each arm that represents the four countries within the union of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The medal also contains a laurel wreath behind the cross and bears the dead person's name on the back. The medal comes with a miniature (small version) medal for day wear. The medal can only be worn by the next of kin and for anyone else to wear it (even if related to the person who died) is a criminal offence.



Corrosive substance

Corrosive substances are substances that can damage tissues when they come in contact with them. Many corrosive liquids are in common use, for example, in batteries. Some are used in cleaning, for example hydrochloric acid is used in some toilet bowl cleaners. Corrosive is one of the five danger risks that a liquid can have, along with toxic, flammable, explosive, and biological hazard.

Corrosive substances are to be dealt with extreme precaution and care. They are extremely harmful and dangerous. 

Malus

Malus is a genus of about 30–35 species of small deciduous apple trees or shrubs in the family Rosaceae. Other studies say it includes 55 species, including the domesticated orchard apple, or table apple as it used to be called. The other species and subspecies are generally known as "wild apples", "crab apples", "crabapples" or "crabs".

The genus is native to the temperate zone of the northern hemisphere, in Europe, Asia and North America.

Apple trees are small, usually 4–12 m tall when full grown. The leaves are 3–10 cm long, positioned opposite from each other. They have a simple shape with a saw-tooth edge. The flowers come from corymbs, and have five petals, which may be white, pink or red, with usually red stamens that produce lots of pollen, and an ovary which is below them. Flowering takes place in the spring and pollination is by insects (typically bees, which freely visit the flowers for both nectar and pollen). 

The fruit of the other species is not an important crop in most areas because they are very sour and (in some species) very like wood, and are rarely eaten raw for this reason. However, crabapples are an excellent source of pectin, and their juice can be made into a ruby-coloured jelly. Some kinds of crab apples make good applesauce.

Crabapples are widely grown as trees for the pleasure of their appearance, grown for their beautiful flowers or fruit. There are cultivars selected for these qualities and for resistance to disease.

Some crab apples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to stand up to cold or drought.

They are also used as tree for pollinating food apple trees in apple orchards. Varieties of crab apple are selected to bloom at the same time as the apple trees in an orchard, and the crabs are planted every sixth or seventh tree, or limbs of a crab tree are grafted onto some of the apple trees. See also fruit tree pollination.

Because of the many blossoms and small sized fruit, crab apples are popular for use in bonsai. Because the trees are small due to the needs of the hobby, but still show the abundant fruit bearing of full-sized crab apples, it is important to thin out fruit so that trees do not stress themselves.

Apple wood "makes a wonderfully luxurious firewood with a lovely scent [smell], and smoke from an apple wood fire gives a most excellent flavour to smoked foods," including Applewood cheese.


Operation Ichi-Go

Operation Ichi-Go (or "Operation Number One") was a series of battles between the armies of Japan and China. The battles happened between April and December 1944. There were three battles in the Chinese provinces of Henan, Hunan and Guangxi. The goals of Operation Ichi-go were to make a route to French Indochina and to capture bases that American bombers were using to attack Japan and her shipping.

There were two parts to the operation. In the first part, the Japanese secured the Railway between Beijing and Wuhan. In the second part they destroyed the US air forces in Hunan province and reached the city of Liuzhou. Liuzhou was near the border with Japanese-occupied Indochina.

400,000 men, 12,000 vehicles and 70,000 horses took part in operation Ichi-Go. The Japanese army included the very well trained Kwantung Army units and equipment from Manchukuo, North China and Japan. It was the largest land operation by the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Many of the new American-trained Chinese units were fighting in Burma under General Joseph Stilwell using weapons leased from the United States. Chiang Kai-shrek had agreed that Stilwell could manage the distribution of American arms. 

In "Operation Kogo", 390,000 Chinese soldiers, led by General Tang Enbo, defended Luoyang. The Japanese 3rd Tank Division crossed the Yellow River around Zhengzhou in late April and defeated the Chinese near Xuchang. They then moved around to the right and put Luoyang under siege. Luoyang was defended by three Chinese divisions. The 3rd Tank Division began to attack on May 13 and won Luoyang on May 25.

The second part of Ichigo began in May. Japanese forces moved south and occupied Changsha, Hengyang, Guilin and Liuzhou. In December 1944, Japanese forces reached French Indochina and completed the operation. Despite this success, US air forces moved inland from the threatened bases near the coast. The U.S. Air Force often stopped the railway between Beijing and Liuzhou that had been started in Operation Ichigo. Japan continued to attack airfields where US air forces were stationed up to the spring of 1945.

USA's XX Bomber Command were using B-29 bombers like the ones that were attacking Japan. They were forced to move as well, but this affected their efficiency for only a short time. In early 1945 the Twentieth Air Force moved to newly established bases in the Marianas under the command of the newly established XXI Bomber Command.

The failure to hold the coastal airfields led to a loss of confidence in General Joseph Stilwell by Chiang Kai-shek. Stilwell was replaced in October 1944 by President Roosevelt. The new Chief of Staff to Chiang Kai-Shek and commander of the U.S. Forces in China was Major General Albert Wedemeyer. Stillwell's other responsibilities in China, Burma and India were given to other officers.

A very different version of events was that General Joseph Stilwell was asking for a fuller use of Chinese forces and had made diplomatic connections with the Chinese Red Army commanded by Mao Zedong. They had agreed to follow an American commander.

Because Chiang Kai-shek was ignored by the American general, he had Stilwell called back to the United States. "New York Times" reporter Brooks Atkinson wrote at the time: The decision to relieve General Stilwell represents the political triumph of a moribund, anti-democratic regime that is more concerned with maintaining its political supremacy than in driving the Japanese out of China. America is now committed... to support a regime that has become increasingly unpopular and mistrusted in China, that maintains three secret police services and concentration camps for political prisoners, that stifles free speech and resists democratic forces... The Chinese Communists... have good armies that are now fighting guerrilla warfare against the Japanese in North China... The Generalissimo regards these armies as the chief threat to his supremacy... has made no sincere attempt to arrange at least a truce with them for the duration of the war... No diplomatic genius could have overcome the Generalissimo's basic unwillingness to risk his armies in battle with the Japanese...
But the "Time Magazine" article in which Atkinson was quoted went on to talk about the true failure of Stilwell's goals by saying that: The Chinese, exhausted by seven years of almost singlehanded war against Japan, were reluctant to give General Stilwell the troops he wanted for the Burma offensive; the Japs might suddenly crack down on them in earnest. When the Japs began the drive that last week seemed on the verge of cutting China in two, Chiang Kai-shek's Government might well have felt that its go-slow policy was justified..." 

This loss and the poor opinion in the U.S.A. caused the Americans to lose confidence in the Chinese troops. Instead the U.S. focused all its resources on the island-to-island war in the Pacific.

Jawaharlal Nehru

Jawaharlal Nehru (also referred to as "Pandit Nehru") (November 14, 1889 - May 27, 1964) was the first prime minister of India for 17 years. He became prime minister after India became independent in 1947. He was born in Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, India. He died of a heart attack in New Delhi.

Nehru was the first prime minister of India after it became independent from the British rule.

Under British rule, Nehru was jailed many times. During these periods, he used to write long letters to his daughter, Indira, on Indian and World history. These letters were remarkably well written and became very successful books when published later as "Glimpses of World History" and "The Discovery of India".

Jawahar Lal Nehru was born on November 14, 1889, in Allahabad to Pandit Motilal Nehru and Swarup Rani. His father Motilal Nehru, a lawyer, served twice as the president of Indian National Congress and was an important figure in the Indian freedom struggle. His sister, Vijayalakshmi Pandit was the first woman president of United Nations General Assembly. His daughter Indira Gandhi and grandson Rajiv Gandhi became prime ministers of India.

Nehru received his early education at home and later went to Trinity College, Cambridge and graduated with the honors degree in natural science. He studied Law at Inns of Court school. Nehru returned to India in 1912.

River Don

Don River or River Don may refer to:




<br>

Black Sea

The Black Sea is a sea in Eurasia between Europe, Caucasus, and Anatolia. Many rivers flow to the Black Sea, including the big rivers, the Don, Danube, Dniester and Dnieper.

It is connected to the Atlantic Ocean through the Bosphorus strait, the Sea of Marmara, the Dardanelles strait, the Aegean Sea, the Mediterranean Sea and the Strait of Gibraltar. 90% of the sea has no oxygen. The water is saltwater but less salty than the ocean. During the last ice age, the Black Sea was a freshwater lake. 

In Greek mythology, the Argonauts traveled on the sea. Greeks set up colonies around the sea because it was important to trade for many countries in ancient history. The Gallipoli Campaign during World War I was a fight for access to the Black Sea. It was also important in World War II.

The Black Sea sits on continental plates which have subsided. It is a geologic basin, and therefore is a genuine inland sea. Its maximum depth is about 2000 metres. The Black Sea is the world’s largest basin where the deep waters do not mix with the upper layers of water that receive oxygen from the atmosphere. As a result, over 90% of the deeper Black Sea volume is anoxic water. The upper layers are generally cooler, less dense and less salty than the deeper waters, as they are fed by large river systems, whereas the deep waters come from the warm, salty waters of the Mediterranean. 
The Crimean Peninsula divides this sea. The Bosporus and Dardanelles connect the Black Sea to the Mediterranean.

Hey Monday

Hey Monday is an American Pop rock band. The band is from West Palm Beach, Florida. The band members are Cassadee Pope (lead vocals), Michael "Jersey" Moriarty (bass guitar), Mike Gentile (lead guitar), Alex Lipshaw (rhythm guitar) and Elliot James (drums).




The Shins

The Shins are an American indie rock band. The band members are singer, songwriter, and guitarist James Russell Mercer, bassist Ron Lewis, bassist/guitarist Dave Hernandez, drummer Joe Plummer, and Eric Johnson. They are influenced by many genres, including pop, alternative rock, alternative country, and folk. The Shins formed in Albuquerque, New Mexico, but are now based in Portland, Oregon.







PC bang

PC bang is a type of gaming center in South Korea where people can play multiplayer computer games. It is like a LAN gaming center. became very popular when Starcraft came out in 1998.

PC-bang users are usually young South Koreans. Most PC-bang users are students in grade school or college, mostly male. Inside PC bangs, people may smoke, eat, and drink. Most PC bangs sell ramen noodles, canned coffee, energy drinks, and other snacks.


The Jackson 5

The Jackson 5 is an American musical group who played R&B, pop, soul, disco, and funk. The group was made up of the Jackson brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Michael, and Randy. Michael was the lead singer. They recorded on the famous Motown label for a long time. In 1975 they moved to another record label called CBS Records and changed their name to The Jacksons. Some of their songs were "I Want You Back", "ABC", "I'll Be There", "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town", and "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus". Michael left The Jacksons in 1984.

The Jackson 5 started in Gary, Indiana. They performed for the first time in 1964. Michael was six years old. In 1966, the Jackson 5 won a talent contest at a high school in Gary. 

In 1968 The Jackson 5 were signed to Motown.

In December 1969 Motown released The Jackson 5's first album, "Diana Ross Presents The Jackson 5". One single, "I Want You Back", was released from the album. It reached number one in the United States. The band's next two singles "ABC" and "The Love You Save" also reached number one. In 1970 the group had another number one, "I'll Be There". That year they released three studio albums, ABC, "Third Album", and "Jackson 5 Christmas Album". In 1971 they released two studio albums. "Maybe Tomorrow" was number one in the American soul albums chart for six weeks. "Goin' Back to Indiana", a live album, was released in September. Motown also released the group's first Greatest Hits album.

Michael released his first album without his brothers, "Got to Be There" in January 1972. In 1972 the group released one album, "Lookin' Through the Windows". In 1973 The Jackson 5 released two studio albums, "Skywriter" and "Get It Together". They also released their second live album "The Jackson 5 in Japan". In 1974 "Dancing Machine" was released. "Dancing Machine" reached number two. In 1975 The Jackson 5's last album on Motown was released. Epic Records signed them. Jermaine left the band. His brother Randy took his place.

In 1976 the band released their first album as The Jacksons. It was their first album on Epic Records. It was written by Gamble And Huff. In 1977 "Goin Places" was released by Epic and Philadelphia International Records. Five singles were released from the album.

"Destiny" was released in 1978. It was written and produced by the brothers. "Blame It on the Boogie", a cover of a Mick Jackson song, was released as the first single from the album. The second single "Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)" reached number seven in the US "Billboard" 100.

"Triumph" was released in 1980. It reached number-one on the "Billboard" R&B Albums chart. Four singles were released from the album. In 1984 The Jacksons released a single with Mick Jagger called "State of Shock". Later that year Michael left the band after his album "Thriller" became the best-selling album ever released and won eight Grammy Awards.

The Jacksons released their last album, "2300 Jackson Street" in 1989. Michael and Marlon were not in the album except on the single "2300 Jackson Street". Rebbie, La Toya, and Janet Jackson also sung on it.

Motown releases (as The Jackson 5)

CBS/Epic releases (as The Jacksons)

Gabriela Mistral

Lucia Godoy Alcayaga, known by pen name Gabriela Mistral (7 April 1889 – 10 January 1957) was a Chilean educator, poet, diplomat, and feminist. In 1945, she received the Nobel Prize in Literature. Her best known works include "Tala", "Desolación", and "Lagar".


Vasily Vereshchagin

Vereshchagin (; 1842-1904) was a famous Russian painter of battle scenes, who made the war of the United States in Cuba and in the Philippines the subject of his latest work.

Star Trek (movie)

Star Trek is a 2009 science fiction movie directed by J. J. Abrams and made by Paramount Pictures. It is a reboot of the original "Star Trek" television series. It allows for massive changes in the storyline because of time traveling, which let its creators take the franchise in a new direction while still being faithful to the existing canon.

The movie is about the characters of the original series "", as they meet and assemble for the first time on the "USS Enterprise". Together, they must fight a Romulan named Nero, who is from the future.


WWF Fully Loaded

Fully Loaded was a yearly WWF event, which started in July 1998 and was held for another two years. In 2001, the event was replaced by Invasion, which was replaced by Vengeance in 2002.

Fully Loaded: In Your House took place on July 26, 1998 at the Selland Arena in Fresno, California.

Fully Loaded (1999) took place on July 25, 1999 at the Marine Midland Arena in Buffalo, New York.
Fully Loaded (2000) took place on July 23, 2000 at the Reunion Arena in Dallas, Texas.

Vengeance: Night of Champions

Vengeance: Night of Champions was the seventh yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) with the name Vengeance. It featured wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. The event took place on June 24, 2007 at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. Every match on the card was contested for a championship. This event was notable for being on the weekend of the Chris Benoit double murder and suicide case. Benoit, who was originally booked to wrestle CM Punk for the vacant ECW World Championship, did not come to the event due to "personal reasons."

The main event featured the Raw brand. John Cena defended the WWE Championship against Mick Foley, Bobby Lashley, Randy Orton, and King Booker. Cena won the match and kept the WWE Championship after pinning Foley following an FU. The main match from the SmackDown brand was a "Last Chance match" for the World Heavyweight Championship between Edge and Batista, which Edge won by countout. The main match from the ECW brand was CM Punk versus Johnny Nitro for the vacant ECW World Championship, which Nitro won by pinfall after performing a corkscrew neckbreaker from the middle rope.

The main feud on the Raw brand going into the event was between John Cena, Bobby Lashley, King Booker, Mick Foley, and Randy Orton over the WWE Championship. The feud began when Lashley was drafted to the Raw brand and stripped of the ECW World Championship. After being stripped of the title, Lashley began to pursue the WWE Championship. On the June 18 episode of "Raw", Foley, Orton, Booker, and Lashley all said why they deserve to be the number-one contender to the WWE Championship. Cena also said who he believed deserved to be the number-one contender to the championship. Following this, Interim General Manager Jonathan Coachman announced that all five men would compete for the title in a match called the "WWE Championship Challenge" at Vengeance.

The main feud going into Vengeance on the SmackDown brand was between Edge and Batista over the World Heavyweight Championship. Their match was a rematch from their Steel cage match at One Night Stand, the pay-per-view three weeks before Vengeance, where Edge won by escaping the cage. On the June 8 episode of "SmackDown", WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced that Edge would be defending the World Heavyweight Championship against Batista in a "Last Chance" match at Vengeance. On the June 22 episode of "SmackDown!", Batista and Ric Flair beat Edge and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP). During the match, Flair and MVP brawled outside the ring, leaving Edge on his own against Batista. Batista gained the pinfall after giving a Batista Bomb to Edge.

The feud between The Hardys (Matt and Jeff) and Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch began at Backlash. At the event, The Hardys beat Cade and Murdoch to keep the World Tag Team Championship. At the next event, Judgment Day, Matt and Jeff beat Cade and Murdoch again to keep the title. On the June 4 episode of "Raw", Cade and Murdoch beat The Hardys to win the title.

<onlyinclude>
(*) – Johnny Nitro was an event-day replacement added by WWE after Chris Benoit was a no-show, with the official statement a "family emergency". It was later discovered Benoit's CTE-related murders had taken place that weekend.</onlyinclude>



Young Poland

Young Poland (in Polish: "Młoda Polska") is a period modernist of Polish art, literature and music. This period covered about the years since 1890 until 1918. It was one of the effects of the strong opposition to the ideas of the positivism and developed the nature of decadence, of neoromanticism, of symbolism, of impressionism, and of the Art Nouveau. 

The expression was known after one of the manifestos written by Artur Górski. The manifesto was published in the daily (newspaper) "Życie" ("Life"), seated in Cracow, in the year 1898, and was immediately accepted in all the parts of the divided Poland, by analogy with other similar expressions as Young Germany, Young Belgium, Young Scandinavia and so on.

Polish literature of the period was based on two main understandings: 

Other important writers of the period were:

In music, the expression "Young Poland" is put into use to an informal group of composers which include Karol Szymanowski, Grzegorz Fitelberg, Ludomir Różycki and probably also Mieczysław Karłowicz. This group worked under the strong influence of the neoromanticism of the music, and especially of composers from another countries as Richard Strauss and Richard Wagner. The composers would be also strong links with the The Five, a group of composers Russian which included Modest Musorgski, Alexander Borodin and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov.

In the period of the Young Poland there were not any great artistic currents in Polish art. The painters and the sculptors attempted to continue in the romantic tradition, in bringing new ways of expression already popular in another countries. The more influential current was the Art Nouveau, even if the Polish artists started attempting also new forms of national style. The sculptura just like the painture of the period were strongly influenced by all the forms of the symbolism.


Hurricane Felix

Hurricane Felix was a strong Category 5 hurricane with fastest wind speeds of 175 mph. It was part of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.

Hurricane Cesar-Douglas

Hurricane Cesar-Douglas was a Category 4 hurricane that crossed the Atlantic as Hurricane Cesar. The storm continue to move west to the Pacific as Hurricane Douglas. The storm was the strongest storm for the 1996 Pacific hurricane season. It was the second hurricane of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season, in the Atlantic it was a category 1.

The start of this storm goes back to a tropical wave near Dakar, Senegal. It crossed the Atlantic and did not start until it was close to the Windward Islands. On July 24 it became Tropical Depression Three. Tropical Depression Three became Tropical Storm Cesar on July 25. Cesar did not strengthen much because it was close to land. It did start to strengthen more as it entered the Southwestern Caribbean Sea. After about half way between Nicaragua and South America, Tropical Storm Cesar became a hurricane on July 27. Hurricane Cesar reached its highest winds on July 28, which were at 85 mph. Later that day, Hurricane Cesar made landfall near Bluefields, in Nicaragua while it still had its highest winds. Cesar weakened into a tropical storm over Central America. But it did survive crossing Central America. 

Late on July 28, Cesar reached the Pacific Ocean and was renamed Tropical Storm Douglas. By the next day, Tropical Storm Douglas became a hurricane. Later, on August 1, Hurricane Douglas reached its highest wind, which were at 130 mph. Douglas started getting weaker because of cooler waters. On August 5, Hurricane Douglas died.

The name "Cesar" was retired and the name "Douglas" was not retired. In 2002 and 2008 the name Cristobal was used instead, it was not retired. For the Pacific, the name "Douglas" used in 2002 and 2008, it still wasn't retired.

Georg Solti

Sir Georg Solti (pronounce: “George Shollti”), (born Budapest, 21 October 1912; died Antibes, France, 5 September 1997) was a Hungarian conductor who later became a naturalized British citizen.

Solti was born "György Stern" in Budapest to a Jewish family. His father changed his name from "György" to "Georg" and changed his family name to "Solti". This was so that his name did not look Jewish, because there was a lot of antisemitism in Europe.

He learned the piano but, when he was 14, he heard Erich Kleiber conduct Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 and he immediately wanted to be a conductor. He studied at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, under Béla Bartók, Zoltán Kodály, Leo Weiner and Ernst von Dohnanyi. By 1935 he was becoming known as a conductor. He conducted "The Marriage of Figaro" at the Budapest Opera in 1938. It was the first time he had conducted there, and it was also to be the last time. That very day, Hitler annexed Austria. Life became dangerous for Jews in Hungary. In 1939, he moved to Switzerland, where he continued a career as a pianist and won the Geneva International Piano Competition, but he did not have many chances to conduct there. His father became ill and died, so he never saw him again.

After World War II Solti became music director of the Bavarian State Orchestra in Munich (where he gave the first performance in Germany of Paul Hindemith's opera "Mathis der Maler", which had been banned when the Nazis were in power. He conducted the Frankfurt Opera where he gave the first performance in Germany of Alban Berg's "Lulu". In 1951 he performed at the Salzburg Festival conducting Mozart's "Idomeneo".

Solti often conducted the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and it was arranged that he would be their main conductor (music director) from 1962. However, Solti changed his mind because they appointed Zubin Mehta as assistant conductor without telling Solti. Mehta became musical director instead.

In 1961 Solti became music director at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, and stayed there until 1971. He was a great conductor, but made the musicians work very hard. With his bald head he got the nickname "The Screaming Skull". He spent much of his time in Britain and the United States.

His first marriage ended in divorce. His second marriage was to Valerie Pitts, a British television presenter whom he met when she was sent to interview him. They had two daughters, Gabrielle and Claudia. He was given an honorary Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1971. The next year he became a British citizen, and was then known as Sir Georg Solti.

Solti helped many young musicians, training them in workshops and giving them opportunities to perform.

Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra (CSO) from 1969 until 1991, when he was given the title of Music Director Laureate, the only CSO conductor to be given that title. He made them into a world class orchestra and took them on tours to other countries. He gave 999 performances with the CSO. He died before his 1,000th performance. A square near the Symphony Center in Chicago was called "Sir Georg Solti Place" in his memory.

Solti also had other jobs. He was music director of the Orchestre de Paris from 1972 until 1975. From 1979 until 1983 he was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra. During this time with the London Philharmonic he performed and recorded many works by Elgar including the two symphonies, the Violin Concerto with Kyung Wha Chung and the Cello Concerto with Julian Lloyd Webber. In 1983 he conducted Wagner's Ring Cycle at Bayreuth for the only time. For the 50th anniversary of the United Nations, Solti formed the World Orchestra for Peace, which consisted of musicians from 47 orchestras around the world.

Solti worked with Dudley Moore on a 1991 television series, "Orchestra!", which was made to explain to people all about the orchestra.

Solti never retired. He had many plans for concerts and recordings when he suddenly died of a heart attack on 5 September 1997 in Antibes, France He was given a state funeral, and was buried next to Bartók who had been his teacher and had helped him a lot. Solti’s widow and daughters began the Solti Foundation to help young musicians.


Leopold Stokowski

Leopold Anthony Stokowski, (born near London, 18 April 1882; died 31 October 2007) was a famous orchestral conductor. He conducted many of America's greatest orchestras. Many people will recognize him from Disney’s film "Fantasia" in which he conducts the orchestra and is seen shaking hands with Mickey Mouse. Stokowski had a long conducting career which started in 1909. He appeared in public for the last time in 2005 but continued making recordings until September 2007, a few months before his death at the age of 125.

Kenzaburō Ōe

Kenzaburō Ōe (born January 31, 1935 in Ehime; died March 3, 2023 aged 88) was a Japanese writer and peace activist. He was the winner of the 1994 Nobel Prize in Literature.



Get Heavy

Get Heavy is the first album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


The Monsterican Dream

The Monsterican Dream is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


The Monster Show

The Monster Show is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


The Arockalypse

The Arockalypse is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Deadache

Deadache is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Yuji Miyahara

Yuji Miyahara (born 19 July 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

189||6||16||2||5||0||210||8
189||6||16||2||5||0||210||8

Lee Dong-gook

Lee Dong-Gook (born 29 April 1979) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

187||73||9||4||32||13||228||90
7||0||||||||||7||0
23||0||4||1||2||1||29||2
217||73||13||5||34||14||264||92

!Total||71||20

Yuhei Tokunaga

Tokunaga was born in Unzen on September 25, 1983. When he played for Waseda University, he also played for J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2003 and 2004. FC Tokyo won the champions in 2004 J.League Cup first major title in the club history. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined FC Tokyo in 2006. He became a regular player as right side back as Akira Kaji successor soon and played many matches every season for a long time. Although his original position is right side back, he also played as many defensive position. FC Tokyo won the champions in 2009 J.League Cup. In 2010, he played many matches as defensive midfielder instead Takuji Yonemoto, who was injured. However FC Tokyo finished at the 16th place of 18 clubs in 2010 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2011, he returned to right side back and FC Tokyo won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. FC Tokyo also won the champions in 2011 Emperor's Cup. He played as regular right side back until 2017. In 2018, he moved to his local club V-Varen Nagasaki which newly was promoted to J1 from 2018. He played many matches as right back of three backs defense. However V-Varen finished at the bottom place in 2018 season and was relegated to J2 in a year. He retired end of the 2020 season.

In November 2003, Tokunaga was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2003 World Youth Championship. At this tournament, he played full-time in all 5 matches as right side midfielder. Tokunaga was part of the Japan U-23 national team for 2004 Summer Olympics. He played 2 matches as right side midfielder and right side back.

On October 8, 2009, Tokunaga debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong at 2011 Asian Cup qualification under manager Takeshi Okada. He played many matches as right side back while battling with Atsuto Uchida for the position until early 2010. However he was not select for 2010 World Cup.

In July 2012, Tokunaga was selected Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 5 matches as left side back and Japan reached the semi-finals where they lost to eventual gold medalists, Mexico, and then lost the bronze medal play-off match to South Korea. In July 2013, Tokunaga was selected Japan under manager Alberto Zaccheroni for 2013 East Asian Cup for the first time in 3 years. At the tournament, he played 2 matches as left side back and Japan won the champions. This tournament is his last game for Japan. He played 9 games for Japan until 2013.

464||9||35||0||71||1||14||1||1||0||584||11
464||9||35||0||71||1||14||1||1||0||584||11

!Total||9||0

Communist Party of the Soviet Union

The Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) was the ruling political party in the Soviet Union, and the only legal one. The leaders of the party were Vladimir Ilyich Lenin, Joseph Stalin, Lavrentiy Beria, Georgy Malenkov, Nikita Khrushchev, Leonid Brezhnev, Yuri Andropov, Konstantin Chernenko, and finally Mikhail Gorbachev.

Before the creation of the Russian Communist Party in 1918, its members were part of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. They made up a group within that party, which was called the Bolsheviks. The first leader of the CPSU was Vladimir Lenin. The first General Secretary of the party was Stalin from 1922–52. The party led the 1917 October Revolution that overthrew the Russian Provisional Government during World War I. From 1918–25, the name of the party was Russian Communist Party. From 1925–52, the name was All-Union Communist Party. The Party took the name Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1952.

The Communist Party controlled all the government in the Soviet Union. The party supported communist movements in Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa. In 1990, during a big reform called "perestroika", or "restructuring", the party lost its position as the only party allowed. The CPSU was dissolved in 1991, and continued as the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. The new CPRF has sometimes been the largest in the Russian parliament, the State Duma.


Toroidal inductors and transformers

Toroidal inductors and transformers are a kind of electronic component. They typically consist of a circular, ring-shaped magnetic centre. The magnet is usually considered a monopole, although the central axis will have a dipole, and have the advantage of being wound continuously in a single direction, thus there is no inductive interference between windings as in a solenoid that is wound back and forth.



V-2

The V-2 rocket () was the world's first ballistic missile and first human object to fly in space. All modern rockets are based on the V2 design. 

The first successful launch was from Peenemünde on 3 October, 1942, reaching a height of 192 km. The V2 was designed by Nazis to bomb London, Antwerp and other European cities. It travelled at four times the speed of sound so was impossible to shoot down. 

The first V-2 used as a weapon exploded in Paris on 8 September 1944, with a second rocket exploding in London later that day. Over 3,000 V-2s were used by the German Wehrmacht against Allied targets in World War II, resulting in the death of about 7,250 military personnel and civilians.

The victors used captured V-2 rockets to start their space and missile programs. In the United States they were helped by the team of German rocket scientists from Peenemünde, led by Wernher von Braun. They had surrendered to the US at the end of the war. 

The first US-assembled V-2, made from parts captured in Germany, was launched from White Sands, New Mexico, in April 1946. There were 66 V-2 rocket flights, the last on October 29, 1951.

In the late 1920s, a young Wernher von Braun bought a copy of Hermann Oberth's book, "Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen" ("The Rocket into Interplanetary Spaces"). Starting in 1930, he attended the Technical University of Berlin, where he assisted Oberth in liquid-fueled rocket motor tests. In 1933 he went to work for the Army designing and building rockets. The final, biggest rocket was the A-4, later called V-2.

On 22 Dec. 1942, Hitler signed the order for mass production, when Speer assumed final technical data would be ready by July 1943. However, many issues still remained to be solved even by the autumn of 1943. Around this time, production was shifted to the concentration camp of where an estimated 20,000 prisoners died producing V-1s and V-2s.

Test launch was recovered by Polish resistance on 30 May 1944 and rocket from Blizna was transported to the UK during Operation Most III.




The Guardian Legend

"The Guardian Legend" got mixed reviews from "Electronic Gaming Monthly" and "Nintendo Power". People liked the game for how it looked, sounded, and felt. Other people did not like the game because the play was the same. It also had a very long password. The game was not well known at first, but it is more known now. It is an example of a game where players do different things.

In "The Guardian Legend", the player controls the female guardian of Earth, a "robot transformer"; the Japanese version of the game calls her "Miria". The player is to destroy the alien moon Naju before it gets to Earth. The player needs to turn on the moon's self-destruct device and escape the moon before it gets to Earth. Five alien tribes who try to control the moon stand in the way of the player. To help players along, messages left by a person help guide them in finding the safety switches to turn on the self-destruct device. These messages also help players get to some other rooms.

The player controls the Guardian in human form while walking on Naju's surface, called the "Labyrinth". When in Naju, the Guardian turns into a spaceship in which the player can move around. The Guardian has a life meter that drops when hit by alien attacks. Players can pick up items to help fill the Guardian's life meter again. If the life meter runs out, then the Guardian dies, ending the game. The player can shoot at aliens with different types of weapons by pressing buttons on the gamepad. Players get different and better weapons during play.

Round, colored creatures in the game named "Landers" appear in the game to help players. Landers can help fill the Guardian's life meter and increase the number of times players can fire weapons. Blue Landers may sell weapons to players. They also give out passwords. Passwords let players stop the game and come back to it later.

The player goes through the Labyrinth and find entrances to the Dungeon. The ten safety devices are in the Dungeon. The Labyrinth is made up of many rooms that are as big as the screen. Players can look at a map to see where they are at. This map can be looked at while the game is paused. Players can either walk from one room to another, or they can go to another room through a "warp panel". Some of these warp panels require the right key to go through. Many rooms contain aliens. Other rooms contain clues, shops, passwords, and entrances to the Dungeon.

The Dungeon contains areas in which the Guardian flies through as a spaceship. The Dungeon has many aliens to destroy. At the end of an area in the Dungeon, there is a boss, a very strong alien that must be destroyed. After destroying the boss, the Guardian flies out of the Dungeon and back into the Labyrinth. The player then gets a power-up. The player may also receive a key for a warp panel. Some entrances to the Dungeon are already open. Other entrances need a certain task completed before going in. Clues in the Labyrinth tell players how to get into these entrances.

"The Guardian Legend" was made for the Famicom and came out in 1988 in Japan. It came out for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America in 1989 and in Europe in 1990. The people who created the game were the same who created "Guardic", "Zanac", and "Puyo Puyo".

Reviewers liked the game for its multiple features. Some have compared the game to other Nintendo games like "The Legend of Zelda" and "Metroid". Mike Engler, who made "Retro Game Challenge", said that ""The Guardian Legend" is one of the best games ever released". The game was nominated by "Nintendo Power" magazine in 1989 for "Best Graphics & Sound", "Best Play Control", and "Best Overall" but did not win any of them. Some of the music of the game were remixed.



Vengeance (2006)

Vengeance (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which happened on June 25, 2006 at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the sixth yearly Vengeance event. Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card. The buildup to the matches and the situations that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers. The event starred wrestlers from the "Raw" brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.

The main event was a 5-on-2 Handicap match, a match consisting of one team of wrestlers facing off against a team of wrestlers with more people such as three against two, or five against two, between D-Generation X (DX) (Triple H and Shawn Michaels) versus the Spirit Squad (Kenny, Johnny, Mitch, Nicky, and Mikey). Triple H and Michaels won the match after pinning Kenny and Mikey, respectively. Two other matches were on the card. In singles matches, John Cena beat Sabu in an Extreme lumberjack match, which featured wrestlers from the "Raw" and "ECW" brands at ringside. The other featured match was for the WWE Championship, in which Rob Van Dam beat Edge to keep his title.

Vengeance made over $400,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 6,800 and received 320,000 pay-per-view buys, which helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $21.6 million compared to the year before. When the event was released on DVD, it reached the number one position on "Billboard's" DVD Sales Chart. 

The event had eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers played either villains or heroes as they followed a series of events, which lead to a wrestling match or series of matches. All wrestlers belonged to the "Raw" brand – a storyline division in which WWE assigned its employees to a different program, the other two being "SmackDown!" and "ECW".

The main event scripted into Vengeance was between D-Generation X (DX) Triple H and Shawn Michaels versus the Spirit Squad (Kenny <nowiki>[</nowiki>Ken Doane<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Johnny <nowiki>[</nowiki>Johnny Jeter<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Mitch <nowiki>[</nowiki>Nick Mitchell<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Nicky <nowiki>[</nowiki>Nick Nemeth<nowiki>]</nowiki>, and Mikey <nowiki>[</nowiki>Michael Brendli<nowiki>]</nowiki>) in a 5-on-2 Handicap match consisting of one team of wrestlers facing off against a team of wrestlers with more people such as five against two. The story for the match began after Backlash, "Raw"'s previous pay-per-view event, where The McMahons (Vince and Shane) defeated Michaels and "God" in a tag team match, with help from the Spirit Squad in a no disqualification match, a match where neither wrestler can be disqualified, allowing for weapons and outside interference. For weeks on "Raw", Michaels got revenge on both Vince McMahon and the Spirit Squad, until the May 22 episode of "Raw", where the Spirit Squad were scripted to injure Michaels' left knee. Then, by orders of McMahon, Triple H was to "break Michaels' skull", with a sledgehammer. Triple H failed to do what McMahon ordered and instead attacked the Spirit Squad, thus turning into a hero. Two weeks later, McMahon put Triple H in a gauntlet match, against the Spirit Squad. In the match, Kenny grabbed a steel chair and put it on Triple H's left knee, similar to what the group did to Michaels. Mitch, who was the only member not participating in the match, was thrown out from the backstage curtain by Michaels. Then, Michaels joined Triple H in the ring as they began to beat down the four members of the Spirit Squad. This lead to Michaels and Triple H reforming D-Generation X for the first time since their teased reunion in 2002. That same night, McMahon scheduled the Spirit Squad and D-Generation X in a 5-on-2 handicap tag team match. On the June 19 episode of "Raw", DX marked their return, when the duo humiliated the Spirit Squad as DX dumped green slime onto the group and embarrassed the team afterward, by beating them.

One of the featured matches was between John Cena and Sabu in an Extreme lumberjack match, a standard match with the exception that the ring is surrounded by a group of wrestlers not directly involved in it and competed under hardcore rules. On the television debut of "ECW on Sci Fi" on June 13, a brawl broke out between Rob Van Dam and Edge. Edge, who tried to leave through the "ECW" crowd, was attacked by Cena, because he caused Cena to lose the WWE Championship at ECW's One Night Stand, and Cena wanted revenge against Edge. Following the attack, Cena went to ringside where he knocked ECW Representative Paul Heyman unconscious, after Heyman awarded the win to Van Dam at One Night Stand. Following the attack, Heyman announced that all ECW superstars would be at "Raw" the next week. The next week on "Raw", Heyman appeared alongside ECW superstar, Balls Mahoney, who was booked to wrestle Cena in a match. The match was won by Cena after he made Mahoney submit. After the match, Cena was attacked by ECW wrestler, Sabu, who, in the premiere of "ECW on Sci-Fi" won a 10-man Extreme Battle Royal, (a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left and declared winner) where the winner would face Cena at Vengeance in a match. Sabu beat up Cena and performed a leg drop on him, diving onto Cena and putting him through the "Raw" announcers' table. The following night on an episode of "ECW on Sci-Fi", Cena went to the "ECW" locker room, where he challenged Sabu to an Extreme lumberjack match, which Sabu accepted.

The other featured match was between WWE Champion Rob Van Dam defending the title against Edge. The story for the match began on the television premiere of "ECW on Sci-Fi", when Van Dam was awarded the ECW World Heavyweight Championship by Paul Heyman, making Van Dam a double champion by holding both the ECW and WWE Championship. Van Dam's celebration was then interrupted by Edge and his girlfriend, Lita. Edge, who was number one contender for the title, told Van Dam that they both had a lot in common, meaning that they were both Money in the Bank winners and successfully became WWE Champions. Edge ended his speech by giving Van Dam some kind words and then attacking him. On the June 19 episode of "Raw", Van Dam attacked Edge, moments after Edge won a match against Ric Flair.

First aid kit

First aid kits are used to perform first aid on injured people.

A first aid kit often contains some or all of the following items:


Sarah Aaronsohn

Sarah Aaronsohn (January 5, 1890 in Zikhron Ya'akov – October 9, 1917 in Zikhron Ya'akov) was a Jewish spy who lived in Palestine.

She was a member of Nili (a ring of spies that worked for the British during World War I). She is sometimes called "the heroine of Nili".

After seeing thousands of Armenians being killed and tortured while she was traveling from Istanbul to Haifa, anything that reminded her of Armenians would lead her into a fit of hysteria. She started up Nili with her two brothers and a friend to help the British during World War I.

In September 1917 the Ottomans caught one of her carrier pigeons which they then worked out (decrypted) and found out where she was. After arresting lots of people, the Ottomans tortured Sarah Aaronsohn for four days before she managed to find a gun to shoot herself with. In her last written letter she said that she hopes her activities with Nili would help bring the Jews a home country.


Frank Abbandando

Frank Abbandando (July 11, 1910 – February 19, 1942), nicknamed "The Dasher", was an American contract killer (someone who murders for money) for a notorious gang called Murder, Inc.

He born in Brooklyn, New York City to an Italian family. He was found guilty of murder after several of the Murder, Inc. bosses were arrested. He was sentenced to death in 1941 and executed by electric chair in 1942 in Sing Sing, Ossining, New York.

Zombilation – The Greatest Cuts

Zombilation – The Greatest Cuts is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.





Bonus material:


Music videos:


Firmin Abauzit

Firmin Abauzit (1679 – 1767) was a French scientist who is well known because he read and corrected Issac Newtons work on gravity.

King of England William III asked Abauzit if he would like to stay in England, but he declined and returned to Geneva, where he took a role as librarian. He lived in Geneva for the next 40 years until his death at age 87 in 1767.

Wyrzysk

Wyrzysk (former German "Wirsitz") is a town in Poland with 5,263 (2004) inhabitants. It is in Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship.

Commune Wyrzysk has a population of about 14,500 and an area of . It is on the northern edge of Greater Poland Voivodeship. On the east border is commune Sądki in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.

Prussian House of Lords

The Prussian House of Lords () was the first chamber of the Parliament of the Kingdom of Prussia between 1850 and 1918. The second chamber was the Prussian House of Representatives ("Preußisches Haus der Abgeordneten", also called the "Abgeordnetenhaus").

The House of Lords was created on 31 January 1850. Its seat was on Leipziger Straße in Berlin at a building rebuilt by the architect Friedrich Schulze in 1904.

A member of the House of Lords was known as a "pair", or officially as a "member of the Prussian House of Lords" ("Mitglieder des preußischen Herrenhauses", or MdH). 

The House consisted of hereditary peers, life peers appointed by the King of Prussia, peers by virtue of position, representatives of cities and universities, etc. The majority of members were nobles, although the House also had commoners as members, especially among the representatives of cities and universities.

Anime convention

An anime convention is an event where people who like anime and things that are Japanese come together. Most conventions take all weekend, and many of the people dress up like characters from anime and video games and go to many different kinds of events during the convention.

People who go to anime conventions do a lot of different things. Many of them dress up in costumes, play video games, sing in karaoke, and watch various anime that yet to be widely released. 

A "dealer's room" is also often popular, and it usually has many people selling unique items related to anime, Japan, or video games. A similar room, called the "artist's alley", is also often available for local and beginning artists to promote themselves and sell their items as well. 

Conventions also have talks about anime, video rooms, and places to meet artists.

Most conventions bring famous people to the convention who are called guests. The people who are at the convention can talk to these guests, get autographs, and sometimes take pictures.


Spiekeroog

Spiekeroog is one of the East Frisian Islands, off the North Sea coast of Germany. It is between Langeoog to its west and Wangerooge to its east. The island belongs to the municipality of the district of Wittmund, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The only village on the island is also called Spiekeroog.

Spiekeroog covers an area of , the shortest distance to the land is . The island is - with the exception of fire and rescue vehicles - free of cars. A daily ferry service with the harbour of Neuharlingersiel connects the island with the German mainland.

Abram

Abram may refer to:


Eshtehard

Eshtehard () is a city in Alborz Province in Iran.
It is about from the capital Tehran. Its population is about 30,000. Eshtehard is a part of Karaj County.

Bebo

Bebo was a social networking website. Bebo stands for "Blog early, blog often". It started in January 2005 but was closed in 2022. It was mostly used by teenagers. It used to be one of the main social networking sites on the Internet.

Bebo had many features that were available for its users, such as Gmail, Yahoo! Mail and AOL Mail, and media recommendations with these functions the individual had more choices for searching information on one website.

The platform “Lifestream” automatically let the user see updates from their friends and family, all profiles from Facebook, Myspace, YouTube, Flickr, Twitter were synced together. Which was a convenient tool to get instant updates, which included being able to share: photos, videos, stories, records, and scheduled appointments.

Bebo.com was available on a mobile device, which the user could log into their account to find out what new material has been posted by their friends and family. They could receive SMS updates and alerts, update their Bebo profile, add photos to their gallery, send virtual gifts and access exclusive mobile content.

 */StaticPage.jsp?StaticPageId=2517103831

Hurricane Andres (2009)

Hurricane Andres was the first named storm and hurricane of the 2009 Pacific hurricane season. Andres rapidly weakened on the morning of June 24 to a tropical storm. It again weakened to a tropical depression on the afternoon of June 24. Then it began to dissipate.

Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs

Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs (also called Ice Age 3: Dawn of the Dinosaurs or simply known as Ice Age 3) is an American computer animated comedy drama epic movie. It was released on July 1, 2009. It is the third movie in the "Ice Age" series. The movie was produced by Blue Sky Studios. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie was also released on RealD anywhere available.

In the movie, Manny, Diego, Ellie, Crash, and Eddie travel in a underground dinosaurs's world. They want to save Sid who was taken by a female T-Rex for kidnapping her children. The group is helped by an eccentric one-eyed weasel named Buck.

This movie is the second sequel to the 2002 movie, "Ice Age". The other "Ice Age" movies are: "" (2006), "" (2012), and "" (2016).

Queen Latifah recorded and performed a version of the song "Walk the Dinosaur" with John Leguizamo.

The movie was positively welcomed from audience, cost $90 million to make and it earned $886,686,817 worldwide. In 2017, the movie was ranked as the 47th highest earnings amount worldwide.

The characters are all prehistoric animals. The animals can talk to and understand each other.


Sarah Sutton

Sarah Sutton (born 12 December 1961 in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England) is an English actress. She is well known for her role as Nyssa in the BBC television series "Doctor Who". Nyssa was a companion of Tom Baker and Peter Davison's Doctors from 1981 to 1983. She was the youngest female actor to play a companion in the series.

Since leaving "Doctor Who" she has done very little acting. She has made appearances as Sarah Dryden in the BBC's medical drama series "Casualty" and as Wendy in the serial "Unnatural Pursuits". Earlier roles were "Alice Through the Looking Glass" (1974) as Alice, "The Moon Stallion" (1978) as Diana Purwell and "The Crucible" (1980) as Susannah Walcott.

Chuck Lorre

Chuck Lorre (born Charles Michael Levine; October 18, 1952) is an American television writer, director, producer and composer. He was born in Bethpage, Long Island, New York. He has worked on many American sitcoms, including "Grace Under Fire", "Dharma & Greg", "Two and a Half Men", "The Big Bang Theory" and "Mike & Molly".

Technical University of Berlin

The Technical University of Berlin (TU Berlin, German: Technische Universität Berlin) is located in Berlin, Germany. It was founded in 1879 and is one of the largest technical universities in Germany. It has the highest proportion of foreign students out of universities in Germany. The university alumni and professor list include eight Nobel Prize winners.

Leeds Rhinos

Leeds Rhinos (used to be Leeds RLFC) are a Rugby League team in Leeds, West Yorkshire. They play in Super League and last won it in 2017

The Rugby Union club, Leeds St John's formed in 1870, however in 1895, when many teams broke off to form Rugby League, the club also switched codes. The club played as Leeds RLFC until 1995, when they changed their name to 'Leeds Rhinos'. This was done to mark the start of the Super League. Many other clubs made similar name changes. Leeds Rhinos have won the Super League in 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2015.

Leeds Rhinos play at the Headingley Carnegie Stadium, which has both Rugby and Cricket grounds. The rugby stadium has a capacity of 22,500. The stadium is located in the Headingley district of the city and is near both Headingley and Burley Park railway stations.

The club mascot is Ronnie the Rhino, who was introduced when the club changed names. As well as making appearances at the stadium on match days, Ronnie also travels around schools in Leeds promoting sport and healthy living. Ronnie has been popular with children who attend games, emphasizing the club's intention to cater for families.


Screwdriver

A screwdriver is a tool used to turn (or "drive") screws into something. It has an axial shaft with a tip of a certain shape that fits into the head of a screw. On the other end of the screwdriver is a cylindrical handle to be held by a person's hand. As the handle is rotated, it creates a torque that turns the tip via the screwdriver's shaft. There are many different sizes and kinds of screwdrivers. A screwdriver is usually identified by the shape of its tip. The tip is shaped in a certain way to match the groove cut into the head of a screw. A screwdriver is, therefore, a mechanism to apply torque to a screw and turn it in tight spaces.

Screwdrivers come in a large variety of shapes and sizes to match those of screws. If a screwdriver that is not the right size and type for the screw is used, it is likely that the screw will be damaged in the process of tightening it. Many screwdriver designs have a handle that can be used with different tips. The shaft and the tip can be removed from the handle, and a different one can be attached instead. The shaft and the tip are together called a "bit" (as with a drill bit). This allows a set of one handle and several heads to be used for a variety of screw sizes and types.

Most screwdrivers are operated manually, but there are some that use an electric or other motor to rotate the bit. They are used to drive screws quickly into various materials. There are different types of driver bits that let a drill drive different types of screws. The bit can be removed and swapped with another bit of a different shape. Many types of drills are able to be used as power screwdrivers. The best have a control over how much torque force is used, which allows the screws to be tightened to a specific level.

ETH Zurich

ETH Zurich () or Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich is a science and technology university in Zurich, Switzerland. Locals sometimes refer to it by the name "Poly", derived from the original name "Eidgenössisches Polytechnikum" or "Federal Polytechnic Institute".

ETH is ranked among the top universities in the world. It is a founding member of the IDEA League and the International Alliance of Research Universities (IARU).

Peenemünde

Peenemünde () is a village in the northeast of the German (Western) part of Usedom island. It is near the mouth of the Peene river, on the easternmost part of the German Baltic coast. The town became well known because of the V-2 development by Wernher von Braun.

Hollyfield School

Hollyfield is a school is Surbiton, London, England. It is a school that teaches classes about technology. It has three houses. Ofsted rate it as 'good'.


Alice in Wonderland (1951 movie)

Alice in Wonderland is a 1951 American animated movie produced by Walt Disney and based on the 1865 story "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" by Lewis Carroll. It is the thirteenth Disney animated classic and includes the voices of Kathryn Beaumont (who also voiced Wendy Darling in the 1953 Disney movie "Peter Pan") as Alice, and Ed Wynn as the Mad Hatter.

A little girl named Alice is bored from her history lesson given by her sister. She, along with her kitten, Dinah, sneaks away and dream a world full of nonsense. However, Alice sees an unusual White Rabbit, who was holding large golden pocket watch and running off in a hurry. Curious to know where the Rabbit is going, Alice decides to follow him down the rabbit hole, where her adventures in Wonderland begin. Changing sizes from big to small, meeting bizarre people, like the Mad Hatter, the March Hare, the Cheshire Cat and the Caterpillar, Alice is tired from her adventures in Wonderland and wishes to go home.


Cable modem

A cable modem is a modem that can be used to deliver (usually digital) data over Cable television infrastructure. Most of the time, cable modems are used to get access to the internet using the cable television network. To do this, cable modems use some channels of the Cable TV network. A cable modem usually translates the signals it receives from Ethernet or USB into Radio frequency channels. With Voice over IP (VoIP) technology, most cable modems can now also provide telephone lines. 

In terms of network technology, a cable modem is a network bridge. It operates at layer 2 of the OSI model.

Nobuhiro Ishizaki

Nobuhiro Ishizaki (born 14 March 1958) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Toshiba.

36||1||0||0||2||0||38||1
36||1||0||0||2||0||38||1

Frank de Boer

Frank de Boer (born 15 May 1970) is a Dutch football manager and former soccer player. He played for Netherlands national team.

Appearances by national team and year

International goals

"(Source)"

Ajax

Barcelona

Al Rayyan

Netherlands

Individual

Ajax

Atlanta United

Individual

Ronald de Boer

Ronald de Boer (born 15 May 1970) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Barcelona

Rangers

Al Rayyan

Individual

Ichi the Killer

Ichi the Killer is a Japanese movie by Takashi Miike. It was based on the manga by Hideo Yamamoto.

"Ichi the Killer" is a Japanese movie about a man named Kakihara who is part of a Japanese gang. He enjoys giving and receiving pain. When his gang boss goes missing, Kakihara is angry because he thinks nobody else will be able to give him as much pain and pleasure as his boss did. It turns out Kakihara's boss was murdered by a violent killer called Ichi (Japanese for the number one). 300 million yen was stolen by the group that arrived to clean the mess up. Kakihara has convinced himself that his boss is alive and tortures a member of a rival gang for information. The man turns out to be innocent and Kakihara is kicked out of his gang.
Kakihara hears about Ichi and becomes excited at the idea of somebody who can inflict more pain on him than his boss ever could. Kakihara becomes obsessed with finding Ichi.

He finally meets Ichi at the end of the movie. He is surprised and disgusted that Ichi is not the evil, cold man he imagined. He is a weak and scared teenager that only kills when he becomes upset about something. Ichi fails to kill Kakihara and lies on the floor crying. Kakihara realises Ichi cannot hurt him the way he wanted and tries to commit suicide by sticking pins in his ears. He loses his hearing and looks up to find Ichi jumping at him. Ichi knocks him off the edge of the building and Kakihara falls to his death. When we see Kakihara's body, he is apparently unharmed by Ichi's attacks. It is suggested that Kakihara imagined the attack as a result of poking his brain with the needles and fell off the building.


Wallisian

Wallisian language is a Polynesian language spoken in Wallis and Futuna. it is also named Uvea. It local name is Fakaʻuvea. Nine thousand peoples speak it in Uvea Island.

Google Chrome OS

Chrome OS is a project by Google to develop a light computer operating system. It is devoted to using the World Wide Web. The operating system was announced on July 7, 2009, and it is based on Google's Chrome web browser as it visually similar, and the Linux kernel. When first released, it was targeted at netbooks but has also been present on laptop computers (known as "Chromebooks"). It was released to technology journalists in December 2010 after being delayed. It runs on systems with either x86 or ARM processors.

Google had stated before release that the Google Chrome OS project will be open source by the end of 2009. Although it is based on the Linux kernel, it will use "a new windowing system" (a way to display applications on a computer screen).

Upon release, some technology journalists were unsure on what it could do that a Microsoft Windows PC with the Google Chrome browser installed could not.

The Chrome OS has now been the default for previously mentioned Chromebooks and very few other Laptops from other brands than Google, these are all labeled as Chromebooks, the only difference being the Hardware


Skew lines

Skew lines are straight lines that are neither parallel nor intersecting. Skew lines cannot be in the same plane. This means they exist only in at least three-dimensional geometry.

Saudi riyal

The riyal is the official money used in Saudi Arabia. A shorter name for it is SR (). The riyal is divided into 100 halala ().

The riyal has been Saudi Arabia's money since Saudi Arabia became a country. It was the currency of Hejaz before Saudi Arabia was a country.

There are 5, 10, 25, 50 and 100 halala coins; and 1, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, and 500 riyal banknotes.

The riyal is fixed to be the same as 0.266667 United States dollars.

Pathology

Pathology is the study and medical diagnosis of disease, especially after death. A person who does this work is called a pathologist. Techniques include dissection, microscopic examination of tissues and chemical analysis of fluids. A pathologist may perform an autopsy, to discover the cause of death. 

Pathology is a science that concerns with finding the cause (etiology) or presence of a disease by careful examination of a tissue or sample of any component of the body by scrutinizing it.

Pathologists often work with biochemists in hospital laboratories.

Cardiology

Cardiology (from Greek , "kardiā", "heart"; and , "-logia") is a medical field that deals with disorders of the heart and blood vessels. Physicians in this field are called cardiologists. Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery.


Annual Tree Mallow

Annual Tree Mallow is a flowering plant. The genus "Lavatera" includes annual and perennials.


Lionel of Antwerp, 1st Duke of Clarence

Lionel of Antwerp, Duke of Clarence, (November 29, 1338 — October 7, 1368), born in Antwerp, was the third son of Edward III. When he was only a child he was married to Elizabeth de Burgh (d.1363), daughter of William de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster (d.1332). The ceremony took place on August 15, 1342, at the Tower of London. He became properly married to her in 1352, when he was aged 14, and took over all her lands in Ireland. The famous English poet, Geoffrey Chaucer, was a page to Elizabeth.

He was Edward III's representative in England and in 1355 he was made the Earl of Ulster. He went to Dublin in 1361 to be the Chief Governor of Ireland. His father made him Duke of Clarence in 1362, and tried to have him made King of Scotland. Lionel and the government in Dublin were concerned about how the English settlers in Ireland were slowly become Irish. He brought in laws, the Statute of Kilkenny, in 1366, which made it against the law:

Lionel found it difficult to get control over Ireland and went back to England in 1367.

After the death of Elizabeth, Lionel married Violante, the daughter of Galeazzo Visconti, Lord of Pavia (d.1378), in Milan during June 1368. While travelling around Italy, Lionel became sick and died at Alba on October 7, 1368. He was buried at the Clare Priory, Suffolk, England.

His daughter, Philippa Plantagenet, married Edmund Mortimer, 3rd Earl of March (1351-1381), in 1368. This made Lionel an ancestor of Edward IV.

Ottmar Hitzfeld

Ottmar Hitzfeld (born 12 January 1949) is a former German football player and football manager.

Ikuo Matsumoto

Matsumoto was born in Utsunomiya on November 3, 1941. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Toyo Industries in 1964. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. The club won league champions in 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1965, 1967 and 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1973. He played 88 games and scored 31 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1966.

In December 1966, Matsumoto was selected the Japan national team for 1966 Asian Games. At this competition, on December 10, he debuted against India. In 1968, he was selected Japan for 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He played 4 matches and Japan won Bronze Medal. In 2018, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. He played 11 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1969.

After retirement, Matsumoto became a manager for Toyo Industries as Kenzo Ohashi successor in 1976. He also named a manager for Japan U-20 national team. He managed at 1979 World Youth Championship in Japan. In April 1999, he signed with J2 League club Kawasaki Frontale. He led the club to won the champions and promoted to J1 League. In 2004, he signed with Sagan Tosu and managed in 3 seasons. In 2009, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. In 2010, he became a manager for Sagan Tosu again. In September 2013, when he was 71 years old, he signed with his local club, Tochigi SC. He became the first manager for the 70s in J.League.

!Total||11||1


Ligue 2

Ligue 2 is a football league which is second division in France.



Betinho (footballer, born 1966)

Gilberto Carlos Nascimento (born 14 June 1966) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

116||23||||||||||116||23
164||87||14||8||23||5||201||100
280||110||14||8||23||5||317||123

!Total||1||0

Hideki Nagai

292||47||22||6||54||13||1||0||369||66
292||47||22||6||54||13||1||0||369||66

Cross-platform interchange

A cross-platform interchange is a type of interchange between different lines in a railway system.

Northern line

The Northern line is a deep-level tube line on the London Underground, coloured black on the Tube map. It carries more passengers than any other Underground line; 206,734,000 a year.

For most of its length it is a deep-level tube line. The portion between and opened in 1890 and is the oldest section of deep-level tube line on the Underground network. There were about 252 million passenger journeys recorded in 2011/12 on the Northern line, making it the second-busiest on the Underground. (It was the busiest from 2003 to 2010.) It is unique in having two different routes through central London. Despite its name, it does not serve the northern-most stations on the network, though it does serve the southern-most station, Morden, as well as 16 of the system's 29 stations south of the River Thames. There are 50 stations in total on the line, of which 36 have platforms below ground.

The line has a complicated history, and the current complex arrangement of two main northern branches, two central branches and the southern route reflects its genesis as three separate railways, combined in the 1920s and 1930s. An extension in the 1920s used a route originally planned by a fourth company. Abandoned plans from the 1920s to extend the line further southwards, and then northwards in the 1930s, would have incorporated parts of the routes of two further companies. From the 1930s to the 1970s, the tracks of a seventh company were also managed as a branch of the Northern line. An extension from Kennington to Battersea is currently under construction, which may either give the Northern line a second southern branch or may see it split into separate distinct lines with their own identities. It is coloured black on the current Tube map.

The City and South London Railway (C&SLR) was the first deep-level underground "tube" railway in the world, and the first major railway to use electric traction. The railway was originally intended for cable-hauled trains, but owing to the bankruptcy of the cable contractor during construction, a system of electric traction using electric locomotives—an experimental technology at the time—was chosen instead. Given the small dimension of the tunnels as well as the difficulty of providing sufficient ventilation, steam power, as used on London's other underground railways, was not feasible for a deep tube railway. Like Greathead's earlier Tower Subway, the CL&SS was intended to be operated by cable haulage with a static engine pulling the cable through the tunnels at a steady speed. Section 5 of the 1884 Act specified that:

The Patent Cable Tramway Corporation owned the rights to the Hallidie cable-car system first invented and used in San Francisco in 1873; trains were attached to the cable with clamps, which would be opened and closed at stations, allowing the carriages to disconnect and reconnect without needing to stop the cable or to interfere with other trains sharing the cable. There were to be two independent endless cables, one between City station and Elephant and Castle moving at 10 mph, and the other between Elephant and Castle and Stockwell, where the gradient was less, at 12 mph. However, the additional length of tunnel permitted by the supplementary acts challenged the practicality of the cable system.

It is reported that this problem with the CL&SS contributed to the bankruptcy of the cable company in 1888. However, electric motor traction had been considered all along, and much engineering progress had been made since the tunnel's construction had begun in 1886. So, CL&SS chairman Charles Grey Mott decided to switch to electric traction. Other cable-operated systems using the Hallidie patents continued to be designed, such as the Glasgow Subway which opened in 1896.
The solution adopted was electrical power, provided via a third rail beneath the train, but offset to the west of centre for clearance reasons. Although the use of electricity to power trains had been experimented with during the previous decade, and small-scale operations had been implemented, the C&SLR was the first major railway in the world to adopt it as a means of motive power. The system operated using electric locomotives built by Mather & Platt collecting a voltage of 500 volts (actually +500 volts in the northbound tunnel and −500 volts in the southbound) from the third rail and pulling several carriages. A depot and generating station were constructed at Stockwell. Owing to the limited capacity of the generators, the stations were originally illuminated by gas. The depot was on the surface, and trains requiring maintenance were initially hauled up via a ramp although, following a runaway accident, a lift was soon installed. In practice, most rolling stock and locomotives went to the surface only for major maintenance.

To avoid the need to purchase agreements for running under surface buildings, the tunnels were bored below roadways, where construction could be carried out without charge. At the northern end of the railway, the need to pass deep beneath the bed of the River Thames and the medieval street pattern of the City of London constrained the arrangement of the tunnels on the approach to King William Street station. Because of the proximity of the station to the river, steeply inclined tunnels were required to the west of the station. Because of the narrow street under which they ran, they were bored one above the other rather than side by side as elsewhere. The outbound tunnel was the lower and steeper of the two. The tunnels converged immediately before the station, which was in one large tunnel and comprised a single track with a platform on each side. The other terminus at Stockwell was also constructed in a single tunnel but with tracks on each side of a central platform.

When opened in 1890, the line had six stations and ran for in a pair of tunnels between the City of London and Stockwell, passing under the River Thames:
The original service was operated by trains composed of an engine and three carriages. Thirty-two passengers could be accommodated in each carriage, which had longitudinal bench seating and sliding doors at the ends, leading onto a platform for boarding and alighting. It was reasoned that there was nothing to look at in the tunnels, so the only windows were in a narrow band high up in the carriage sides. Gate-men rode on the carriage platforms to operate the lattice gates and announce the station names to the passengers. Because of their claustrophobic interiors, the carriages soon became known as "padded cells". These trains were however, preserved in London Transport Museum as the first static exhibit to the metro train.

The diameter of the tunnels restricted the size of the trains, and the small carriages with their high-backed seating were nicknamed "padded cells". The railway was extended several times north and south, eventually serving 22 stations over a distance of from Camden Town in north London to Morden in Surrey.

Although the C&SLR was well used, low ticket prices and the construction cost of the extensions placed a strain on the company's finances. In 1913, the C&SLR became part of the Underground Group of railways and, in the 1920s, it underwent major reconstruction works before its merger with another of the Group's railways, the Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway, forming a single London Underground line called the Morden-Edgware line. In 1933, the C&SLR and the rest of the Underground Group was taken into public ownership. Today, its tunnels and stations form the Bank Branch of the Northern line from Camden Town to Kennington and the southern leg of the line from Kennington to Morden.
The CCE&HR (commonly known as the "Hampstead Tube") was opened in 1907 and ran from Charing Cross (known for many years as Strand) via Euston and Camden Town (where there was a junction) to Golders Green and Highgate (now known as Archway). It was extended south by one stop to Embankment in 1914 to form an interchange with the Bakerloo and District lines. In 1913 the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL), owner of the CCE&HR, took over the C&SLR, although they remained separate companies.

During the early 1920s, a series of works was carried out to connect the C&SLR and CCE&HR tunnels to enable an integrated service to be operated. The first of these new tunnels, between the C&SLR's Euston station and the CCE&HR's station at Camden Town, had originally been planned in 1912 but had been delayed by World War I. The second connection linked the CCE&HR's Embankment and C&SLR's Kennington stations and provided a new intermediate station at Waterloo to connect to the main line station there and the Bakerloo line. The smaller-diameter tunnels of the C&SLR were expanded to match the standard diameter of the CCE&HR and the other deep tube lines.

In conjunction with the works to integrate the two lines, two major extensions were undertaken: northwards to Edgware in Middlesex (now in the London Borough of Barnet) and southwards to Morden in Surrey (then in the Merton and Morden Urban District, but now in the London Borough of Merton).

The Edgware extension used plans dating back to 1901 for the Edgware and Hampstead Railway (E&HR) which the UERL had taken over in 1912. It extended the CCE&HR line from its terminus at Golders Green to Edgware in two stages: to Hendon Central in 1923 and to Edgware in 1924. The line crossed open countryside and ran on the surface, apart from a short tunnel north of Hendon Central. Five new stations were built to pavilion-style designs by Stanley Heaps, head of the Underground's Architects Office, stimulating the rapid northward expansion of suburban developments in the following years.

The engineering of the Morden extension of the C&SLR from Clapham Common to Morden was more demanding, running in tunnels to a point just north of Morden station, which was constructed in a cutting. The line then runs under the wide station forecourt and public road outside the station, to the depot. The extension was initially planned to continue to Sutton over part of the route for the unbuilt Wimbledon and Sutton Railway, in which the UERL held a stake, but agreements were made with the Southern Railway to end the extension at Morden. The Southern Railway later built the surface line from Wimbledon to Sutton, via South Merton and St. Helier. The tube extension opened in 1926, with seven new stations, all designed by Charles Holden in a modern style. Originally, Stanley Heaps was to design the stations, but after seeing these designs Frank Pick, Assistant Joint Manager of the UERL, decided Holden should take over the project. With the exception of Morden and Clapham South, where more land was available, the new stations were built on confined corner sites at main road junctions in areas that had been already developed. Holden made good use of this limited space and designed impressive buildings. The street-level structures are of white Portland stone with tall double-height ticket halls, with the famous London Underground roundel made up in coloured glass panels in large glazed screens. The stone columns framing the glass screens are surmounted by a capital formed as a three-dimensional version of the roundel. The large expanses of glass above the entrances ensure that the ticket halls are bright and, lit from within at night, welcoming. The first and last new stations on the extension, Clapham South and Morden, include a parade of shops and were designed with structures capable of being built above (like many of the earlier central London stations). Clapham South was extended upwards soon after its construction with a block of apartments; Morden was extended upwards in the 1960s with a block of offices. All the stations on the extension, except Morden itself, are Grade II listed buildings.

The resulting line became known as the "Morden–Edgware line", although a number of alternative names were also mooted in the fashion of the contraction of Baker Street & Waterloo Railway to "Bakerloo", such as "Edgmor", "Mordenware", "Medgway" and "Edgmorden". With Egyptology very much in fashion after the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922, there was also a proposal to call the line the Tootancamden Line as it passed through both Tooting and Camden. It was eventually named the "Northern line" from 28 August 1937, reflecting the planned addition of the Northern Heights lines.

After the UERL and the Metropolitan Railway (MR) were brought under public control in the form of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) in 1933, the MR's subsidiary, the Great Northern & City Railway, which ran from Moorgate to Finsbury Park, became part of the Underground as the Northern City Line. In preparation for the Northern Heights Plan, it was operated as part of the Northern line, although it was never connected to it.

In June 1935, the LPTB announced the New Works Programme, an ambitious plan to expand the Underground network which included the integration of a complex of existing London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) lines north of Highgate through the Northern Heights. These lines, built in the 1860s and 1870s by the Edgware, Highgate and London Railway (EH&LR) and its successors, ran from Finsbury Park to Edgware via Highgate, with branches to Alexandra Palace and High Barnet. The line taken over would be extended beyond Edgware to Brockley Hill, Elstree South and Bushey Heath with a new depot at Aldenham. The extension's route was that planned for the unbuilt Watford and Edgware Railway (W&ER), using rights obtained from the earlier purchase of the W&ER (which had long intended an extension of the EH&LR Edgware route towards Watford). This also provided the potential for further extension in the future; Bushey's town planners reserved space in Bushey village for a future station and Bushey Heath station's design was revised several times to ensure this option would remain available in the future.

The project involved electrification of the surface lines (operated by steam trains at the time), the doubling of the original single-line section between Finchley Central and the proposed junction with the Edgware branch of the Northern line, and the construction of three new linking sections of track: a connection between Northern City Line and Finsbury Park station on the surface; an extension from Archway to the LNER line near East Finchley via new deep-level platforms below Highgate station; and a short diversion from just before the LNER's Edgware station to the Underground's station of the same name.

The peak-hour service pattern was to be 21 trains an hour each way on the High Barnet branch north of Camden Town, 14 of them via the Charing Cross branch and seven via the Bank branch. 14 would have continued on beyond Finchley Central, seven each on the High Barnet and Edgware branches. An additional seven trains an hour would have served the High Barnet branch, but continued via Highgate High-Level and Finsbury Park to Moorgate, a slightly shorter route to the City. It does not seem to have been intended to run through trains to the ex-Northern City branch from Edgware via Finchley Central. Seven trains an hour would have served the Alexandra Palace branch, to/from Moorgate via Highgate High-Level. In addition to the 14 through trains described, the ex-Northern City branch would have had 14 four-car shuttle trains an hour.

Work began in the late 1930s, and was in progress on all fronts by the outbreak of World War II. The tunnelling northwards from the original Highgate station (now Archway) had been completed, and the service to the rebuilt surface station at East Finchley started on 3 July 1939, but without the opening of the intermediate (new) Highgate Station, at the site of the LNER's station of the same name. Further progress was disrupted by the start of the war, though enough had been made to complete the electrification of the High Barnet branch onwards from East Finchley over which tube services started on 14 April 1940; the new (deep-level) Highgate station opened on 19 January 1941. The single track LNER line to Edgware was electrified as far as Mill Hill East, including the Dollis Brook Viaduct, opening as a tube service on 18 May 1941 to serve the barracks there, thus forming the Northern line as it is today. The new depot at Aldenham had already been built and was used to build Halifax bombers. Work on the other elements of the plan was suspended late in 1939.

Preparatory work including viaducts and a tunnel had been started but not completed on the Bushey extension pre-war. After the war, the area beyond Edgware was made part of the Metropolitan Green Belt, largely preventing the anticipated residential development in the area, and the potential demand for services from Bushey Heath thus vanished. Available funds were directed towards completing the eastern extension of the Central line instead, and the Northern Heights plan was dropped on 9 February 1954. Aldenham depot was converted into an overhaul facility for buses.

The implemented service from High Barnet branch gave good access both to the West End and the City. This appears to have undermined traffic on the Alexandra Palace branch, still run with steam haulage to Kings Cross via Finsbury Park, as Highgate (low-level) was but a short bus ride away and car traffic was much lighter than it would become later. Consequently, the line from Finsbury Park to Muswell Hill and Alexandra Palace via the surface platforms at Highgate was closed altogether to passenger traffic in 1954. This contrasts with the decision to electrify the Epping-Ongar branch of the Central line, another remnant of the New Works programme, run as a tube-train shuttle from 1957. A local pressure group, the Muswell Hill Metro Group, campaigns to reopen this route as a light-rail service. So far there is no sign of movement on this issue: the route, now the Parkland Walk, is highly valued by walkers and cyclists, and suggestions in the 1990s that it could, in part, become a road were met with fierce opposition. Another pressure group has proposed using the track bed further north, as part of the North and West London Light Railway. The connection between Drayton Park and the surface platforms at Finsbury Park was opened in 1976, when the Northern City Line became part of British Rail.

In 1975, the Northern City Line, known by that time as the Highbury branch, was transferred from London Underground to British Rail; it is now served by Great Northern. In the past, before the introduction of the 1995 stock, the Northern line was sometimes nicknamed the "Misery Line" in the press because of its perceived unreliability.

In 2003, a train derailed at Camden Town. Although no one was hurt, points, signals and carriages were damaged, and the junctions there were not used while repairs were under way: trains coming from Edgware worked the Bank branch only, and trains from High Barnet and Mill Hill East worked the Charing Cross branch only. This situation was resolved when the junctions reopened, after much repair work and safety analysis and testing by contractor, on 7 March 2004.

On 7 July 2005 a defective train on the Northern line (causing its subsequent suspension) saved a Northern line train from being blown up as part of a terrorist attack on the London Underground and bus systems. Three trains on the Circle and Piccadilly lines were blown up. The Northern line bomber-to-be instead boarded a bus, which he later blew up.

On 13 October 2005 the Northern line service was suspended due to maintenance problems with the emergency braking system on the entire train fleet. A series of rail replacement buses was used to connect outlying stations with other Underground lines. Full service was restored on 18 October.

From June 2006, the service between East Finchley and Camden Town was suspended for two non-consecutive weekends every month, with service on the Edgware branch suspended for the other two weeks. This was part of Tube Lines's redevelopment of some Edgware and High Barnet Branch stations, including replacement of track, signals, as well as station maintenance. This included refurbishment of all High Barnet branch stations from West Finchley to Camden Town. In October 2006, off-peak service between Mill Hill East and Finchley Central was cut back to a shuttle, except for a few weekend through trains.

On 13 August 2010, a defective rail maintenance train caused disruption on the Charing Cross branch, after it travelled four miles in 13 minutes without a driver. The train was being towed to the depot after becoming faulty. At Archway station, the defective train became detached and ran driverless until coming to a stop at an incline near Warren Street station. This caused morning rush-hour services to be suspended on this branch. All passenger trains were diverted via the Bank branch, with several not stopping at stations until they were safely on the Bank branch.

The Northern line was originally scheduled to switch to automatic train operation in 2012, using the same SelTrac S40 system as used since 2009 on the Jubilee line and for a number of years on the Docklands Light Railway. Originally the work was to follow on from the Jubilee line so as to benefit from the experience of installing it there, but that project was not completed until spring 2011. Work on the Northern line was contracted to be completed before the 2012 Olympics. It is now being undertaken in-house, and TfL predicted the upgrade would be complete by the end of 2014. The first section of the line (West Finchley to High Barnet) was transferred to the new signalling system on 26 February 2013 and the line became fully automated on 1 June 2014 with the Chalk Farm to Edgware via Golders Green section being the last part of the line to switch to ATO.

Circle Line

Circle Line can mean:


Circle line (London Underground)

The Circle line, coloured yellow on the tube map, is the eighth busiest line on the London Underground. It forms a loop line around the centre of London on the north side of the River Thames. Platforms are 120 metres long in the south and 130 metres long on the part of the track shared with the Metropolitan line.

In 1863 the Metropolitan Railway opened in London between Paddington and Farringdon. It was the world's first underground railway. It connected the Great Western Railway's relatively remote terminus at Paddington with Euston and King's Cross stations and the City, London's financial heart. In the same year a report recommended an 'inner circle' of railway lines between the London termini that had been built or were under construction. In the next year the Metropolitan District Railway (commonly known as the District Railway) was formed to build and operate a railway from South Kensington to Tower Hill. The Metropolitan western extension opened in 1868 from a new station at Paddington to South Kensington. By May 1870 the District railway had opened its line from West Brompton to Blackfriars via Gloucester Road and South Kensington, services being operated at first by the Metropolitan. In 1871 the District had built a terminus at Mansion House, and on 18 November 1876 the Met opened its terminus at Aldgate. Due to conflict between the two companies it took an Act of Parliament before further work was done on the inner circle. In 1882 the Metropolitan extended its line from Aldgate to a temporary station at Tower Hill and the District completed its line to Whitechapel. On 6 October 1884 the temporary station was replaced with a joint station and the inner circle was complete. The Metropolitan provided the clockwise or 'outer rail' trains, the District the 'inner rail' or anti-clockwise.

As well as the inner circle, other routes circumnavigated London, although these were not complete loops. From 1872 the L&NWR began an "outer circle" service from Broad Street to Mansion House via Willesden Junction and Earl's Court, diverting an earlier service that had run to Victoria; and the GWR began a "middle circle" service from Moorgate to Mansion House via Latimer Road and Earl's Court. Both of these routes were cut back to Earl's Court: the "middle circle" in 1900 and the "outer circle" in 1909. The GWR service survived as a shuttle service from the Hammersmith & City line to Addison Road, now Kensington (Olympia), until 1940.

The Midland Railway briefly ran a "super outer circle" from St Pancras to Earl's Court from 1878 to 1880. Today London Overground runs services between Clapham Junction, Willesden Junction and Dalston Junction and between Dalston Junction and Clapham Junction.

Wooden carriages were originally hauled by steam locomotives leading to smoke-filled stations and carriages, unpopular with passengers. At the start of the 20th century the District and Metropolitan were seeing increased competition in central London from the new electric underground tube lines and trams, and conversion to electric traction was seen as the way forward. Experiments were carried out on the Earl's Court to High Street Kensington section, and a jointly-owned six-carriage train began passenger service in 1900. Following this an AC system was suggested, and this was accepted by both parties. However, the District was looking for a way to raise the finance needed and in 1901 found an investor, the American Charles Yerkes. He formed the Underground Electric Railways of London (UERL), and his experience in the United States led him to favour DC, with third-rail pick-up similar to that in use on the City & South London Railway and Central London Railway. After arbitration by the Board of Trade the DC system was taken up, and the railways began electrifying the routes, using multiple-unit stock.

The District and Metropolitan Railways bought different designs of electric multiple unit. Both had open saloons; the Metropolitan trains with gated ends, the District B Stock with sliding doors in the middle of each car. When their introduction was attempted on 1 July 1905, a Metropolitan train overturned the third rail on the District Railway, requiring all Metropolitan trains to be modified before running again on the District lines. Full electric service started on 24 September, initially with 6-car trains, later reduced to 4-car. The Metropolitan trains were soon modified to enclose the gated end and eventually to add sliding doors in the middle. Trains were increased to 5 cars in 1918 and the Metropolitan introduced new stock in 1921, with three pairs of sliding double doors on trailer cars. In 1926 the Metropolitan took over all inner circle workings except for three trains on Sundays.

On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan and the District Railways were amalgamated with other Underground railways, tramway companies and bus operators to form the London Passenger Transport Board. Metropolitan Railway electric multiple units were refurbished in 1934 at Acton Works to become eighteen 5-car trains of Circle Stock, at first painted red and cream, later painted red all over to reduce costs. These trains included first-class accommodation, but this was downgraded in 1940. From 1947 these were replaced by 5-car trains of O and P Stock, with doors remotely operated by the guard, released by the transfer of F Stock to the Uxbridge line. The 1933 London Underground Beck map shows a Metropolitan line north of and stations and a District line south of these points. On the 1947 map the Metropolitan and District lines were shown together in the same colour and two years later in 1949 the Circle line was shown separately on the map.

In 1959–1960 Circle line trains were increased to 6 cars, the same length as those operating on the Hammersmith & City line, and the stock of the two lines was integrated with maintenance concentrated at Hammersmith depot, allowing Neasden depot to concentrate on the new A Stock. Aluminium C Stock trains, with public address systems and originally unpainted, replaced these trains from 1970. One person operation of the trains was proposed in 1972 but, due to conflict with the trade unions, was not introduced until 1984. In 2003, the infrastructure of the Circle line was partly privatised in a public–private partnership, managed by the Metronet consortium. Metronet went into administration in 2007 and the local government body Transport for London took over responsibilities.

On 7 July 2005, at about 08:50, bombs exploded on two Circle line trains. One was travelling between Liverpool Street and Aldgate and the other was at Edgware Road. The bombs killed 15 people, including the two suicide bombers. Following the attacks, the whole of the Circle line was closed until 8 August.

A day before a ban on drinking alcohol on public transport in London came into force, a party was held on 31 May 2008, mainly on the Circle line. Thousands of people attended and 17 were arrested by police due to disorderly behaviour, eventually causing several stations to be closed.

Prior to 13 December 2009, Circle line trains travelled in both directions around a simple loop with 27 stations and of track. In 2006 there were fourteen trains in service on the line with an interval between trains of  minutes during peak hours and 8 minutes off-peak; the minimum running time around the circle off-peak was  minutes, although timetabled stops at stations extended this.

In December 2009 the Circle line was extended to include the Hammersmith & City route from Edgware Road to Hammersmith. Rather than continuously running around the circle, trains now travel from Hammersmith to Edgware Road, generally going around the circle once before terminating at Edgware Road, and returning via the same route; occasionally, trains may also continue clockwise through Edgware Road to additional stations. The change was made to improve reliability and increase the service frequency on the Hammersmith branch.

The first S7 Stock train entered passenger service on the Hammersmith & City line on 6 July 2012, running a shuttle service between Hammersmith and Moorgate, and first ran on the Circle line on 2 September 2013. By June 2014 all services were provided by S7 Stock trains.

Hammersmith &amp; City line

The Hammersmith & City line, also known as simply the Hammersmity line, is a line of the London Underground, colored salmon pink on the London Underground Map, running between Hammersmith in West London and Barking in East London.

Metropolitan line

The Metropolitan line is part of the London Underground. It is coloured in TfL's Corporate Magenta on the Tube map and in other branding. It was the first underground railway (or subway) in the world, opening on 10 January 1863. Today, part of that section are no longer served by the Metropolitan line, but by the Hammersmith & City, District and Circle lines. The main line runs from Aldgate in the City of London to Amersham, with branch lines to Uxbridge, Watford and Chesham. The line once went as far as Verney junction. After it was bought by the London Passenger Transport Board, the line was first cut back to Aylesbury, then to Amersham

The line runs parallel to Chiltern Railways London to Aylesbury line from Finchley Road to Amersham. Chiltern railways continues to run services to Aylesbury.

The Metropolitan Railway (also known as the Met) was a passenger and goods railway that served London from 1863 to 1933, its main line heading north-west from the City to what were to become the Middlesex suburbs. Its first line connected the mainline railway termini at , and King's Cross to the City, built beneath the New Road using the cut-and-cover method between Paddington and King's Cross, and in tunnel and cuttings beside Farringdon Road from King's Cross to near Smithfield. It opened on 10 January 1863 with gas-lit wooden carriages hauled by steam locomotives, the world's first underground railway. In 1871, when plans were presented for an underground railway in Paris, it was called the "Métropolitain" in imitation. The modern word metro is a short form of the French word.

The railway was soon extended from both ends and northwards via a branch from Baker Street. It reached Hammersmith in 1864 and Richmond in 1877, and completed the "Inner Circle" in 1884, but the most important route became the line north into the Middlesex countryside, where it stimulated the development of new suburbs. Harrow was reached in 1880, and the line extended as far as in Buckinghamshire, more than from Baker Street. From the end of the 19th century, the railway shared tracks with the Great Central Railway route out of Marylebone station.

Electric traction was introduced in 1905 with electric multiple units operating between Uxbridge, Harrow-on-the-Hill and Baker Street. To remove steam and smoke from the tunnels in central London, the railway purchased electric locomotives, exchanged for steam locomotives at Harrow from 1908. In 1910, a seventeen-minute silent film recording was made showing large portions of the journey from Baker Street to Aylesbury and Uxbridge, seen from the cab of a train. The film survives and is publicly available.

Unlike other railways in the London area, the Met developed land for housing, thus benefitting from the increase in the value of its land caused by the building of the railway. After World War I it promoted its housing estates near the railway with the "Metro-land" brand.

To improve services, more powerful electric and steam locomotives were purchased in the 1920s. A short branch opened from Rickmansworth to Watford in 1925. After World War I, the Stanmore branch was built from Wembley Park.

On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan was amalgamated with other Underground railways, tramway companies and bus operators to form the London Passenger Transport Board, and a period of rationalisation followed.
While the Metropolitan was run as an outer suburban route with steam-hauled trains and goods services, the LPTB wished to focus on electrified trains and suburban traffic. Goods services were passed to the London and North Eastern Railway, which also took over the role of providing steam locomotives for trains beyond the end of electrification at Rickmansworth. All services north-west of were withdrawn by 1936 though services returned to between 1943 and 1948.

The 1930s was a period of rapid growth for the north-western suburbs of London, and LPTB developed ambitious plans to simplify the Metropolitan line and expand capacity. Several stations on the Uxbridge branch were rebuilt, replacing temporary wooden buildings with modernist designs and giving Uxbridge station a new site in the town centre. A major bottleneck in the line, the double-track tunnel from Baker Street to Finchley Road, was bypassed by boring two tube tunnels underneath the Metropolitan tunnels, transferring slow services and the Stanmore branch to the Bakerloo line. (This route was transferred to the Jubilee line in 1979.) In 1936 the line was extended east from to along the tracks of the District line. London Transport inherited a number of incompatible electric multiple units from the railway, including the 1927–33 multiple-unit compartment stock used on routes to Watford and Rickmansworth, and these were refurbished to form a uniform fleet and designated London Underground T Stock. In the 1950s, F Stock trains, with sliding doors under the control of the guard, were transferred from the District line; these mainly worked the semi-fast Harrow and Uxbridge services.

A major rebuilding of the main line from Wembley Park to Amersham was planned in the 1930s but delayed by the war. The line from Wembley to Harrow was rebuilt immediately after the war and the project was completed from 1956–1962, on a more modest scale than originally planned. Until 1961, passenger trains continued to be attached to a steam locomotive at to run to Aylesbury. The rebuilding electrified the line from Rickmansworth to Amersham, transferring all Aylesbury services to British Railways. A pair of fast lines was added from Harrow to north of Moor Park by 1962, allowing outer-suburban trains to run fast to Moor Park. Aluminium A stock, originally unpainted, replaced the T stock and locomotive-hauled trains. More A Stock trains were built in 1962–63 to replace the trains on the Uxbridge service, giving the main line a single train type for all services. A Stock was 4-car units that could operate as four- or eight-car trains; normally operated as eight cars, a 4-car unit operated the Chesham shuttle. One person operation of the trains was proposed in 1972, but due to conflict with the trades unions was not introduced on the line until 1986.

Although the East London line had been an isolated shuttle since 1939, it was shown on London Underground maps as part of the Metropolitan line until 1968. In 1970 it was shown with a thin white line in the middle and labelled the "East London section". By the 1985 map it had become the "East London Line", remaining the same colour as the Metropolitan line with a white line in the middle, changed to orange by the 1990 map. In 1990 the Hammersmith & City line became a separate line from Hammersmith to Whitechapel (Barking during the peak), the Metropolitan line being from Aldgate to Baker Street and northwards to Amersham with branches to Chesham, Uxbridge and Watford.

In 2003, the infrastructure was partly privatised in a public–private partnership managed by the Metronet consortium. Metronet went into administration in 2007 and Transport for London took over responsibilities in the end. Tube Lines was later acquired by TfL in 2011, and managed as owner-designer firm.

On 12 December 2010 the service to Amersham was reduced from four trains per hour to two, and a direct service between Chesham and central London was introduced, replacing the 4-car Chesham to Chalfont & Latimer shuttle. The final passenger services operated by the A Stock ran on 26 September 2012, followed by a ticketed public railtour on 29 September.

Statute of Kilkenny

The Statute of Kilkenny were a set of laws made by the English in 1367 to try and save the English colony in Ireland. The laws were made by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Lionel of Antwerp, 1st Duke of Clarence. They were passed at a meeting of the Irish parliament held at Kilkenny.

The English had difficulty in taking over Ireland. The first English settlers, the Anglo-Irish, began to become Irish in the way they viewed the world. They began to put their own interests ahead of those of the English royalty. The government of Ireland had become weak after the battles with Edward Bruce, and the arrival of the Black Death weakened the country even more. Edward III of England became concerned that the Anglo-Irish were becoming too powerful and threatened his rights and interests in Ireland. He attempted three times to control their increasing independence.

Edward III finally sent his third son, Lionel of Antwerp, to Ireland to try and get back control. He was very concerned that the Anglo-Irish had become more Irish than the Irish themselves. The Statute of Kilkenny were laws designed to bring Ireland back under the control of English born nobles, not English descendants in Ireland. These laws were serious, to break one was seen as treason and could be punished by death. Despite this, after ten years the statutes were dead in the water as a lack of enforcement saw things continue on as they had before.

The Statute of Kilkenny had a lot of laws made to separate the English from the Irish. It was against the law for the English in Ireland to:

Because of the weak government, they were not able to make people obey the new laws, and the Anglo-Irish ignored them.

Tramlink

Tramlink (also called Croydon Tramlink) is a tramway system in south London in the United Kingdom which began operation in May 2000. The service is operated by First London on behalf of Transport for London (TfL). The TfL team responsible for Tramlink is called London Tramlink, matching London Buses, London Underground, and so on.

Docklands Light Railway

The Docklands Light Railway (DLR) is a light metro or light rail system in London, England. It opened on 31 August 1987 to serve the redeveloped Docklands area of East London. It currently covers several areas of London. To the north, it reaches Stratford. To the south, Lewisham. To the west, Tower Gateway and Bank in the City of London financial district. To the east, Beckton, London City Airport and Woolwich Arsenal. The DLR is fully computer operated. It is automated and the only job is the emergency stop button.

London Overground

The London Overground (LO) is a suburban rail system in London, UK run by Arriva and MTR for Transport for London. The London Overground is made up of 9 lines taken over by TFL. It is coloured orange on the Tube map. It serves a lot of Greater London.


All lines can be used with the Oyster card used across London. The London Overground has received praise for its transformation of long-neglected lines into clean and reliable services, with passenger usage increasing sharply such that trains had to be extended from 3 cars in 2007 to 5 cars in 2015. In the autumn 2011 National Passenger Survey, London Overground received an overall satisfaction rating of 92%, a 7% improvement on the previous survey.

First Capital Connect

First Capital Connect (FCC) was a train company in England that ran the Thameslink railway line between Brighton and Bedford and services along the East Coast Main Line from King's Cross and Peterborough, Cambridge, and King's Lynn from 1 April 2006 to 13 September 2014. It was owned by First Group and combines the service on formerly operated by WAGN, often referred to as Great Northern. It failed to keep the franchise, and it was succeeded by Thameslink and Great Northern.

Northern City Line

The Northern City Line is a railway line from Moorgate to Finsbury Park in London, once part of the Great Northern Electrics line. It should not be confused with the City branch of the Northern line, nor with the North London line.

Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy

Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy (Alexandra Helen Elizabeth Olga Christabel; born 25 December 1936), is a member of the British Royal Family, the youngest granddaughter of King George V and Queen Mary. She had two children, Marina and James Ogilvy with Sir Angus Ogilvy. She is 55th in line for the Throne as of February 2023. 

Titles and Styles 

25 December 1936-24 April 1963 Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra of Kent 

24 April 1963-31 December 1988 Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra, The Honorable Mrs Ogilvy 

31 December 1988-present Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra, The Honorable Lady Ogilvy 

House: Windsor 

Religion: Church of England 

Ask.com

Ask.com is a search engine that was started in 1996. This website helps people find web pages that they are looking for, by typing in the subject they want. For example, if someone is looking for web pages about dogs, they would type in "dogs" or "dog" then press the 'search' button.

Ask.com used to be called "Ask Jeeves" but the name was changed in 2006. Their headquarters is in Oakland, California.

One thing that makes Ask.com different from other search engines is that it lets the searcher see a little picture of the web page before they click it, by putting the mouse cursor over the little binoculars without clicking it.



Buffalo

Buffalo usually refers to:


Buffalo may also refer to:

Katsushika Hokusai

, also called Hokusai, was a Japanese artist. He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.
The artist is best known for "The Great Wave off Kanagawa", which is a woodblock print.



Sun Yat-sen

Sun Te-Ming or Sun Yat-sen (12 November 1866 – 12 March 1925) was born in China and was a Chinese political leader. Sun helped overthrow the Qing Dynasty in October 1911. This was the last imperial dynasty of China. He is often called as Father of the Nation. 

He was president when the Republic of China was founded in 1912. He later co-founded the Kuomintang. Sun remains revered in both mainland China and Taiwan. A massive portrait of Sun continues to appear in Tiananmen Square for May Day and National Day.

Sun Yat-sen was born on 12 November 1866 to Sun Dacheng and Madame Yang in Cuiheng, Xiangshan County (now Zhongshan City), Guangdong.He had a cultural background of Hakka (with roots in Zijin, Heyuan, Guangdong) and Cantonese. His father owned very few lands and worked as a tailor in Macau, and as a journeyman and a porter. After finishing primary education, he moved to Honolulu in the Kingdom of Hawaii, where he lived a comfortable life of modest wealth supported by his elder brother Sun Mei.

After his death in Beijing, his body was shown at a temple in the Fragrant Hills. 

Pierluigi Collina

Pierluigi Collina (born 13 February 1960) is a former Italian football referee. IFFHS said he was the best football referee ever.

TSV 1860 Munich

TSV 1860 Munich (German: "T.S.V. 1860 München", Bavarian: "TSV 1860 Minga") also known as Sechzig (German: "Sechzig", Bavarian: "Sechzga", 'sixty') is a football club which plays in the second-division tier German Fußball-Bundesliga.

The club was founded in 1860, the football section was founded on 25 April 1899. The first match they played was 1902 versus 1. Münchner FC 1896. The match was lost 2:4. 1911 they built a football field on the Grünwalder Straße. In 1926 a stadium was built which offered 40 000 places. 1931 the team reached the final of the championship for the first time but was beaten by Hertha BSC with 3:2. During the Nazi rule in Germany 1860 München had close relations to the Nazi government. In 1963 the club was one of the founders of the German Bundesliga. 1964 they won the German Cup. That year they also reached the final of the UEFA Cup winners cup but lost toWest Ham United. In the 1964/65 season they became for the first and last time German football champion. Till today they often played in the second league but sometimes in the Bundesliga.

TSV 1860 München plays in the Allianz Arena which they share with their rival Bayern München. If they play the skin of the Arena is blue. Originally they played at the Grünwalder Straße which they also shared with Bayern between 1925 and 1972.



Eintracht Braunschweig

Eintracht Braunschweig is a football club which plays in Germany.

Borussia Mönchengladbach

Borussia V.f.L. 1900 Mönchengladbach is a football club which plays in the German Bundesliga. Borussia Mönchengladbach has over 40,000 members and is the sixth largest club in Germany.
The club was founded in 1900 by players from the football club SV Germania. The name Borussia is the Latin form of Prussia. Mönchengladbach was at this time part of Prussia. In 1914 the club bought an area where later the Böckelbergstadion was built. The first success was the Westdeutsche Meisterschaft in 1920. During the time of the Third Reich Heinz Ditgens became the first Borussia player who played for Germany. He was part of the 1936 Olympic team. Till the beginning of the 1960s the club had many up and downs.

The first important honour was the win of the German Cup in 1960 when they beat Karlsruher SC 3:2. But their results were not good enough to play in the new German Bundesliga. In the 1965/66 season they played for the first time in the Bundesliga. The same year Bayern München was promoted. In the 1970s these two teams doninated the league. 1970s were the golden age of Borussia Mönchen Gladbach. The coach Hennes Weisweiler formed a young team which won the UEFA Cup two times and was 4 times in the finals. In the 1980s the club was not as successful but was still an important team in the Bundesliga. From 1996 the club declined and in the 1998/99 season they were relegated. 2001/02 they reached the second place and were again promoted to the Bundesliga. 2006/07 they were again relegated. The next season they won the second league and were promoted. 

Over all 35 players of Borussia Mönchengladbach were players in the German national football team.

Players of the club achieved the following honours:

Player of the Year – Europe


Player of the Year – Germany


Player of the Year – Australia


Player of the Year – Austria


Player of the Year – Belgium


Player of the Year – Denmark


Player of the Year – Sweden


Player of the Year – USA


Bundesliga Top-Scorers


Goal of the Year


1. FC Kaiserslautern

1.F.C. Kaiserslautern, also known as 1. FCK, FCK or simply Kaiserslautern, is a association football club from Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. On 2 June 1900, Germania 1896 and FG Kaiserslautern came together to become the F.C. 1900. In 1909, they then joined F.C. Palatia (founded in 1901) and F.C. Bavaria (founded in 1902) to create F.V. 1900 Kaiserslautern. In 1929 they once again joined forces with S.V. Phönix to become F.V. Phönix-Kaiserslautern before finally taking on this new name three years later. Kaiserslautern plays in the German Bundesliga, the best league in Germany.


FCK plays its home matches in the Fritz Walter Stadion. It was built in 1920. The stadium and the neighbouring street is named after the FCK player Fritz Walter. Walter was member of the 1954 World Cup squad.The stadium is on the Betzenberg, a steep sandstone hill. The stadium has a capacity of 49,780 and was a 2006 World Cup stadium. 

VfL Wolfsburg

Verein für Leibesübungen Wolfsburg e. V., commonly known as VfL Wolfsburg () or Wolfsburg, is a football club from Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony. The club plays in the German Bundesliga The club grew out of a multi-sports club for Volkswagen workers in the city of Wolfsburg and is owned by the Volkswagen Group.




Choi Sung-yong

Choi Sung-Yong (; born 25 December 1975) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

117||0||6||0||5||0||128||0
19||1||||||||||19||1
102||1||||||||||102||1
238||2||6||0||5||0||249||2

!Total||61||1

Yoo Sang-chul

Yoo Sang-Chul (18 October 1971 – 7 June 2021) was a South Korean professional athlete. He was best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

Yoo died in Seoul of pancreatic cancer on 7 June 2021, aged 49.

106||34||||||36||3||||||142||37
113||44||9||1||15||4||4||1||141||50
219||78||9||1||51||7||4||1||283||87

Yoo has played in over 100 international matches.
!Total||123||18

Choi Yong-soo

Choi Yong-Soo (; born 10 September 1973), also known as Choi Yong-Su, is a South Korean football and former player. He was a member of the Korean national team. He was part of the Korean football team in the 1996 Summer Olympics at Atlanta.

148||54||||||||||||||148||54
121||75||8||7||9||2||4||2||142||86
269||129||8||7||9||2||4||2||292||140

!Total||69||27


Takeshi Aoki

Aoki was born in Takasaki on September 28, 1982. After graduating from Maebashi Ikuei High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2001. He played as defensive midfielder from first season and Antlers won the champions in 2001 J1 League and 2002 J.League Cup. He became a regular player from 2003 season and played many matches for a long time. In 2007, Antlers won the champions in J1 League for the first time in 6 years and Emperor's Cup. Antlers won the champions in J1 League for 3 years in a row (2007-2009). From 2010 season, although his opportunity to play as starting member decreased, Antlers won the champions 2010 Emperor's Cup, 2011 and 2012 J.League Cup. From 2012, he played many matches as center back. Antlers won the champions in 2015 J.League Cup. However he could hardly play in the match in 2016. In July 2016, Aoki moved to Sagan Tosu. He played for the club in 2 seasons. In 2018, he moved to J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto. In 2019, he moved to Prefectural Leagues club Nankatsu SC.

In June 2001, Aoki was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2001 World Youth Championship. At this tournament, he played full time in all 3 matches as defensive midfielder. On August 20, 2008, he debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay. He played 2 games for Japan until 2009.

426||8||48||3||78||0||31||3||583||14
426||8||48||3||78||0||31||3||583||14

!Total||2||0

Sylvain Wiltord

Sylvain Wiltord (born 10 May 1974) is a French football player. He plays for Metz.

351||104
104||32
455||136

!Total||92||26

Automatic train operation

Automatic train operation (ATO) ensures partial or complete automatic train piloting and driverless functions.

Upper Austria

Upper Austria ( ; ) is one of the nine states or "Bundesländer" of Austria. The capital of this state is Linz.

Upper Austria borders on Germany and the Czech Republic, as well as on the other Austrian states of Lower Austria, Styria, and Salzburg. With an area of 11,980 km and 1.3 million people, Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and third-largest by population.


Most of the large lakes of Upper Austria are in the south (Salzkammergut): Almsee, Attersee, die Gosauseen, Hallstätter See, Irrsee, Langbathseen, Mondsee, Offensee, Traunsee and Wolfgangsee. In the Oberinnviertler Seenplatte on the border with Salzburg, there are small lakes which are very warm in summer: Holzöstersee, Höllerer See, and Ibmer See.

Ager, Alm, Aschach, Donau, Enns, Inn, Krems, Große Mühl, Kleine Mühl, Naarn, Rodl, Salzach, Steyr, Traun, Aist, Antiesen, and Trattnach.

Traditionally the state is divided into four quarters:
Upper Austria has three cities with their own charta:
The country is divided into 15 districts:


Lambach

Lambach is a market town in the Wels-Land district of Upper Austria, Austria. It is on the Ager and Traun Rivers. It had about 3,242 peopleas of 2001. A major stop on the salt trade, it is the site of the Lambach Abbey, built around 1056.

Between 1897 and 1898 lived Adolf Hitler there and attented the school.

Tracheotomy

Tracheotomy and tracheostomy is a surgery on the neck to open a direct path by cutting a hole in the trachea (windpipe). They are performed by paramedics, veterinarians, emergency physicians, and surgeons. Both surgical and percutaneous techniques are now widely used.

Tracheostomy was written about in ancient Egyptian tablets, but, in the 12th century, Ibn Zuhr described the first correct tracheotomy operation for people who were suffocating (could not breathe). The current tracheostomy was described in 1909 by Chevalier Jackson, an American doctor.


Leonding

Leonding is a city southwest of Linz in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, in Austria. In 2001, about 22,269 people lived in Leonding. It covers an area of 24.05 km² (9.28 mi²). It borders Puchenau and the river Danube in the north, Wilhering and Pasching in the west, Traun in the south and Linz in the east.

Adolf Hitler lived in Leonding between 1898 and 1905, and attended the school there.


Gefreiter

Gefreiter is a German, Swiss and Austrian military rank. The rank of "Gefreiter" is usually the second rank or grade to which an enlisted soldier, airman or sailor could be promoted. As a military rank it has existed since the 16th century. From the 1920s on, "Gefreiter" has expanded into several additional ranks, those being "Obergefreiter", "Hauptgefreiter", "Stabsgefreiter" and "Oberstabsgefreiter". 

A similar military rank also exists in Russia ("Ефрейтор"; yefreytor, efreitor), Ukraine ("Єфрейтор"; yefreytor, efreitor), Belarus and in the former Soviet Union.

Plasma display

Televisions with plasma display panel (PDP) are much thinner than cathode ray tubes and are usually higher definition. Only a few televisions use a PDP.

Plasma screens are made of two sheets of glass with two gases stored between the sheets. The gases are xenon and neon and they fill thousands of tiny chambers, or spaces. Behind each space are a series of red, blue and green phosphors that give off light when struck by radiation. When electricity connects to the plasma chambers the colored phosphors produce the right color on your screen. They work in a very similar way to fluorescent lamps used for lighting.

Plasma screens have been in use since 1964 but only two colors could be produced then. Now we have high definition Plasma screens up to 150 inches in size. In the early 21st century fewer plasma screens were made as people bought more liquid crystal displays.

Plasma TVs have more pixels (tiny dots that when put together can create an image on a picture) per inch than the old fashioned cathode ray tube (CRT) screens so they can produce a much sharper image. In the old style of CRT screens the pictures were made up of lines. If you look closely at a Plasma screen you will not see any lines. You will find out that most Plasma screens have a wide screen option so you can see movies in the way they were intended for movie theaters. They are also ideal for the latest digital broadcasting methods.

One of the big advantages is the space saving. The problem with old cathode ray tubes is that they needed a lot of space so that the rays can fire upon all areas of the screen. The wider the screen, the larger the volume of the television would be. The average Plasma television is around 6 to 8 inches deep. Moving your Plasma onto the wall can really increase the amount of floor space and they can be looked at from almost any point in the room (usually 180 degrees)

Plasma screens are also very light especially when compared to a rear projection TV. A 40-inch Plasma TV will weigh from and provided you purchase a suitable bracket (that can hold the TV up to the wall) they can be hung very easily to a suitable wall. When fixing to the wall you need to make sure you choose a bracket which s strong enough. Most brackets can be tilted if you want to view from a different angle.

Plasma TVs can display up to 16 million colors so not only are they great for watching TV programs, they also make a good screen for the latest computer games consoles. Most Plasma TV's have inputs for HDMI and laptop computers connections making them ideal to use to display products and sales messages in offices and shops.

You will also find out that they are very easy to watch even on a sunny day or a very bright room. Unlike the old CRT screens they are not hard to see in bright areas.

Because of the phosphor technology in Plasma TVs, it is possible for traces of an image to be 'burned-in' to the display, meaning you might see little traces of it even while watching other images. This is a concern in commercial uses, where images are shown for long periods of time. Burn-in can generally be avoided by making sure the screen does not show the same image for a long time (sometimes as little as 20 minutes), either by turning the television off, or changing the channel.

Though Plasma TVs are much brighter than rear-projection TVs, direct view and LCD TVs are often brighter still. Latest generation Plasma TVs have improved on brightness, but a warning is do not view where it is too bright or sunny.

Although Plasma TVs are much lighter and thinner than direct view and rear projection TVs, an LCD TV can be even more light and slim. LCD TVs use the same technology as used in most laptop computers. Plasma TVs are available in larger sizes that LCD TVs. Plasma screen TVs cost more than CRTs and LCDs.

Compared to other television technologies, Plasma TVs have a shorter life span. Most Plasma TVs have a life span of 20,000-30,000 hours based on maker's estimates. This life span is commonly referred to as the Plasma TV half-life, as it is the number of hours over which the Plasma TV will lose approximately half of its brightness.

Plasma TVs break easily, and the parts are quite easy to damage. They should only be moved carefully.

As technology has been made better, Plasma screens have a much longer life and you should expect 30,000 hours of use. In other words, your television would need to be on for 16 hours a day, every day for the next 5 years. By the time your TV needs replacing higher definition models will have become available.

The first Plasma televisions for home use were expensive, as much as US$5000 for a basic small model. As the technology improved and production increased, prices became smaller. In the 21st century some 37-inch models sold for $1000 or even less. Buying a CRT television became rare as LCD became the usual kind.


Southern Ontario

Southern Ontario is part of the Canadian province of Ontario that is south of the Algonquin Park. It is the farthest south part of Canada.

Over 12 million people live here, more than anywhere else in Canada.

Some cities in Southern Ontario are Toronto, Ottawa, Barrie, Guelph, Hamilton, Kingston, Kitchener, London, St. Catharines-Niagra, Waterloo, and Windsor.

Surrender (military)

Surrender is when soldiers, nations or other combatants stop fighting and eventually become prisoners of war or POW, either as individuals or when ordered to by their officers. A white flag is a common symbol of surrender. Surrender usually occurs when one side of a battle happens to be overpowered by the other and are no longer in the condition to fight any more.


David Toms

David Wayne Toms (born January 4, 1967) is an American golfer. He plays on the PGA Tour. He lives in Shreveport, Louisiana. He has 12 PGA Tour wins, including a major championship, the 2001 PGA Championship.



Keisuke Tsuboi

Tsuboi was born in Tama on September 16, 1979. After graduating from Fukuoka University, he joined J1 League club Urawa Reds in 2002. He became a regular player as center back from first season. He won the "Rookie of the Year award" in 2002 and was selected as one of the "J.League Best Eleven" in 2003. In 2006, Urawa won the champions in J1 League which is first J1 champions in the club history. In 2007, Urawa won first Asian title AFC Champions League. Although he played many matches as regular center back until 2010, he could not play many matches from 2011. In 2015, he moved to Shonan Bellmare. However he could not play many matches and Shonan was relegated to J2 League end of 2016 season. In 2018, he moved to J2 club Renofa Yamaguchi FC. He retired end of 2019 season.

On June 11, 2003, Tsuboi debuted for the Japan national team against Paraguay. He also played at 2003 Confederations Cup. In 2006, he was selected Japan for 2006 World Cup and played 2 matches. He played 40 games for Japan until 2007.

348||1||31||0||53||1||18||0||450||2
348||1||31||0||53||1||18||0||450||2

!Total||40||0

Hiromitsu Isogai

Isogai was born in Uki on April 19, 1969. After graduating from Tokai University, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 1992. He played as regular player from first season. He moved to Urawa Reds in 1997. He retired in July 1998.

In January 1995, Isogai was selected the Japan national team for 1995 King Fahd Cup. At this competition, on January 6, he debuted against Nigeria. On January 8, he also played against Argentina. He played 2 games for Japan in 1995.

135||29||18||6||24||2||177||37
135||29||18||6||24||2||177||37

!Total||2||0

Christophe Dugarry

Christophe Dugarry (born 24 March 1972) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

Bordeaux

France

Orders

Teruyoshi Ito

Ito was born in Shizuoka on August 31, 1974. After graduating from Tokai University Daiichi High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse based in his local in 1993. He debuted in June 1994 and played several matches in 1994 season. He became a regular midfielder under manager Masakatsu Miyamoto from 1995 season and played as central player for the club for a long time. In 1996, S-Pulse won the champions in J.League Cup first title in the club history. In 1999, S-Pulse the 2nd place in J1 League and he also was selected Best Eleven award. In 2000, S-Pulse won the Asian title, 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 2001, S-Pulse won Emperor's Cup. After that, the club results was sluggish. In 2005, former teammate Kenta Hasegawa became a new manager. Although S-Pulse finished at the 15th place which is worst position in the club history in J1 League, S-Pulse won the 2nd place in 2005 Emperor's Cup. However the club results was raised under manager Hasegawa from 2006 and S-Pulse won the 2nd place in 2008 J.League Cup. Ito also played all matches in J1 League from 2006 to 2008 season and received the "fair play award" in 2007. In 2010, his opportunity to play decreased and he resigned end of 2010 season.

In 2011, Ito moved to newly was promoted to J1 club Ventforet Kofu with Daisuke Ichikawa who is teammate in S-Pulse for 13 seasons. On July 16, 2011, he became a first player to earn 500th matches in J1 League. Although, Ventforet was relegated to J2 League from 2012, the club won the champions in J2 and returned to J1 in a year. However Ito played only 6 matches in 2013 season and left the club end of 2013 season. In 2014, he moved to newly was promoted to J3 League club AC Nagano Parceiro. However he could not play many matches and left the club end of 2015 season. In 2016, he moved to J3 club Blaublitz Akita. In 2017, he moved to newly was promoted to J3 club Azul Claro Numazu.

In July 1996, Ito was selected for the Japan U-23 national team for the 1996 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played the whole 90 minutes in all 3 matches. He is most remembered for his goal against Brazil which earned Japan a shock 1–0 victory. It was known as the "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.

Ito was capped 27 times for the Japan national team between 1997 and 2001. He was an unused substitute at the 1998 World Cup.

556||30||56||3||77||3||3||0||692||36
556||30||56||3||77||3||3||0||692||36

!Total||27||0

