Three Days Grace

Three Days Grace is a Canadian alternative rock band. They formed in 1992 in Norwood, Ontario as a post-grunge band and were originally called "Groundswell". There are four members in the band: Adam Gontier, Barry Stock, Neil Sanderson and Brad Walst. The band was named "Number One Rock Artist of the Year" by Billboard. 

Gontier resigned from the band on January 9, 2013 due to a "non-life threatening" health issue and was replaced by My Darkest Days lead singer Matt Walst.



Three Days Grace (album)

Three Days Grace is the first studio album by Canadian rock band, Three Days Grace. It was released on July 22, 2003. The producer of the album was Gavin Brown. The album peaked at #69 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and #9 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

One-X

One-X is the second studio album by Canadian rock band, Three Days Grace. It was released on June 13, 2006. The producer of the album was Howard Benson. The album peaked at #5 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The songs "Riot" and "Animal I Have Become" were featured in the video game, "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010".

Life Starts Now

Life Starts Now is the third studio album by Canadian rock band, Three Days Grace. It was released on September 22, 2009. The producer of the album was Howard Benson. The album was certified Platinum in Canada and was also certified Gold in the US. The album peaked at #3 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

Sindh Qalanders

Sindh Qalanders is a field hockey team for the Sindh Province in Pakistan. They play in the Pakistan Hockey Federation.

Amsterdam Museum

The Amsterdam Museum is a museum in Amsterdam. Before 2011 it was called the Amsterdams Historisch Museum. It is in the old orphanage between Kalverstraat and Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal.

Since 1975, the museum has been in a building that was first built in 1580 as Amsterdam's orphanage.

The museum has paintings and old photographs and a cafe.

Lawrence Bragg

Sir William Lawrence Bragg (31 March 1890 – 1 July 1971) was an Australian-born British physicist and X-ray crystallographer.

Bragg was always known as Sir Lawrence Bragg, and his father was Sir William Bragg. Lawrence Bragg was educated in Adelaide, Australia and in England. He was awarded the Military Cross in World War I.

Lawrence Bragg discovered (1912) the Bragg law of X-ray diffraction, the basis of X-ray crystallography. He was joint winner (with his father, Sir William Bragg) of the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1915.

To date, Lawrence Bragg is the youngest Nobel Laureate. He was the director of the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge, when the discovery of the structure of DNA was made by James D. Watson and Francis Crick in February 1953.

He was elected an FRS in 1921. He was knighted by George VI in 1941, and received both the Copley Medal and the Royal Medal of the Royal Society.

Hoverfly

Hoverflies, sometimes called 'flower flies' or 'syrphid flies', are the insect family Syrphidae. Hoverflies mimic wasp stripes, and are usually smaller than wasps. Thus to a bird they may look scarcely worth eating, and dangerous. 

As their common name suggests, they are often seen hovering or sucking nectar at flowers. The adults of many species feed mainly on nectar and pollen, while the larvae (maggots) eat a wide range of foods.

In some species, the larvae are saprotrophs, eating decaying plant and animal matter in the soil or in ponds and streams. In other species, the larvae are insectivores and prey on aphids, thrips, and other plant-sucking insects.

Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year. Hoverflies are important natural enemies of these pests, and can be used in biological control. Some adult syrphid flies are important pollinators. Some orchids mimic aphid alarm scent (pheromones), which attracts hoverflies. The hoverflies then pollinate the orchids.
About 6,000 species in 200 genera have been described. Hoverflies are common throughout the world and can be found on most continents except Antarctica.

Hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps. They are a classic example of Batesian mimicry. The Batesian mimic is a sheep in wolf's clothing: it looks like something dangerous or which tastes disgusting, but in reality it is good to eat. Hover flies look roughly like little wasps, and their warning colouration is well-known to birds.

Unlike adults, the maggots of hoverflies feed on a variety of foods. Predatory species benefit farmers and gardeners, because aphids destroy crops. Hoverfly maggots are often used in biological control.


Atomkraft

Atomkraft are an English heavy metal band who were part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement. They formed in 1979 and disbanded 1988. Their "Total Metal" approach is somewhere between fellow NWOBHM bands such as Motörhead and Venom, punk rock bands such as The Dickies, and early Exodus or Slayer.






James Wisniewski

James Joseph Wisniewski (born February 21, 1984 in Canton, Michigan) is an NHL ice hockey defenceman that is currently an unrestricted agent. He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 156th overall pick in the 2002 NHL Draft.

Wisniewski also played for the Chicago Blackhawks for 4 seasons, the Anaheim Ducks for 2 seasons, the New York Islanders for 1 season and the Montreal Canadiens for 1 season before his rights were traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets for a conditional seventh-round draft pick in 2012 for the Canadiens. The draft pick will become a fifth-rounder if Columbus actually signs Wisniewski.



Tony Dolan

Tony "Demolition Man" Dolan is an English musician. He is best known as the bassist and vocalist of heavy metal bands Atomkraft and Venom.




Mark LaVarre

Mark LaVarre (born February 21, 1965 in Evanston, Illinois) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger who played a career total of 78 games in the NHL. He played his entire NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks. He was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks with the 119th overall pick in the sixth round of the 1983 NHL Draft.


Mike Eagles

Michael Bryant Eagles (born March 7, 1963 in Sussex, New Brunswick) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger who played a career total of 853 games in the NHL. He played 4 seasons with the Quebec Nordiques, 2 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks, 5 seasons with the Winnipeg Jets and 6 seasons with the Washington Capitals. He was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques with the 116th overall pick in the 1981 NHL Draft.

Superman's Dead

"Superman's Dead" is a 1996 alternative rock/post-grunge song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the first single from their second studio album "Clumsy", which was released in 1997. The song was written by Raine Maida and Mike Turner.

The song is about how much TV that children watch and also the content of it. The song looks at the dark expectations that are garnered from media images.

The song is one of the most popular songs from Our Lady Peace and is also a definitive example of Our Lady Peace's staple sound with the main thing being Raine Maida's voice.

Naveed (song)

"Naveed" is a 1995 alternative rock/post-grunge song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the first single from their debut studio album "Naveed", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Raine Maida.

Supersatellite

"Supersatellite" is a 1995 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Naveed", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

The song was inspired by a book from Ken Carey.

Hope (Our Lady Peace song)

"Hope" is a 1994 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the third single from their debut studio album "Naveed", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

The meaning of the song is about a girl named Hope who going into insanity. She thinks she's a sunflower so she climbs on top of a piano and reaches for the sun.

Starseed (song)

"Starseed" is a 1994 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Naveed", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

The Birdman

"The Birdman" is a 1994 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the first single from their debut studio album "Naveed", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

Life (Our Lady Peace song)

"Life" is a 2000 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Spiritual Machines", which was released in 2000. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by both Arnold Lanni and Raine Maida. The song was nominated for "Best Single" at the 2002 Juno Awards.

In Repair (Our Lady Peace song)

"In Repair" is a 2000 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the first single from their fourth studio album "Spiritual Machines", which was released in 2000. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

Thief (Our Lady Peace song)

"Thief" is a 1999 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the third single from their third studio album "Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch", which was released in 1999. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

Our Lady Peace said that the song was about a young girl from Kitchener, Ontario named Mina Kim. Kim had a cancerous tumor in her brain. The word thief in the song refers to the tumor. At the end of the song there is a sound clip of a young girl that is actually Mina Kim singing a "Little By Little" with Maida's wife Chantal Kreviazuk.

Is Anybody Home?

"Is Anybody Home?" is a 2000 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their third studio album "Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch", which was released in 1999. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni.

One Man Army (song)

"One Man Army" is a 1999 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the first single from their third studio album, "Happiness...Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch", which was released in 1999. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni. The song is sometimes mistakenly called "Falling".

Clumsy (Our Lady Peace song)

"Clumsy" is a 1997 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their second studio album "Clumsy", which was released in 1997. The song was written by Raine Maida and Mike Turner and was produced by Arnold Lanni. The song was featured on the soundtrack to the movie, I Know What You Did Last Summer.

4 AM (Our Lady Peace song)

"4 AM" is a 1998 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the fourth single from their second studio album "Clumsy", which was released in 1997. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Arnold Lanni. They thought of the name 4 AM because they wrote the song at 4:00 AM and Raine Maida's father, Anthony Maida has the initials "AM".

Right Behind You (Mafia)

"Right Behind You (Mafia)" is a 2001 alternative rock/post-grunge song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the third single from their fourth studio album "Spiritual Machines", which was released in 2000. The song was written by Raine Maida and Mike Turner and was produced by both Arnold Lanni and Raine Maida.

The song was inspired by Ray Kurzweil's book, "The Age of Spiritual Machines". It was written as more of a response to Kurzweil's predictions which Raine noticed didn't involve the human spirit as a factor.

Somewhere Out There (Our Lady Peace song)

"Somewhere Out There" is a 2002 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the first single from their fifth studio album "Gravity", which was released in 2002. The song was written by Raine Maida. The song was the most successful song on the album. It was also the most internationally successful single ever released by the band.

Innocent (Our Lady Peace song)

"Innocent" is a 2002 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Gravity", which was released in 2002. The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Bob Rock. 

The song is about people that are suffering which also includes a girl with cancer. Maida stated in 2002 that Innocent was his favorite song on the Gravity album and said that "I wrote this song over a year ago and I was originally hesitant to play it for the band, but once we got into the studio and began working with Bob we were able to make it an Our Lady Peace song.".

Suspension (chemistry)

In chemistry, a suspension is a mixture of two or more components. In a suspension, very small pieces of solid are mixed in a liquid but do not dissolve. If left still, the solid pieces will separate from the liquid and either fall to the bottom or rise to the top. Sand in water and flour in water are examples of suspensions. Suspensions may separate quickly or stay suspended for a long time, depending on what they contain.

If a liquid is suspended in another liquid, it is called an emulsion. Milk is an emulsion. If a liquid is suspended in a gas it is an aerosol. Mist is an aerosol.

New wave of British heavy metal

The New Wave of British Heavy Metal (NWOBHM) was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s, in Britain. It was well known around the world by the early 1980s, NWOBHM has developed underground and is the starting point for the sound of modern heavy metal. The movement developed as a reaction in part to the decline of early heavy metal bands such as Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath.

Some NWOBHM bands are Saxon, Motörhead, Diamond Head, and Iron Maiden.

 

Blossoms in the Dust

Blossoms in the Dust is an 1941 drama movie that was produced by Irving Asher and Mervyn LeRoy and was directed by Mervyn LeRoy. Blossoms in the Dust was released on July 25, 1941 in North America. The movie won an Academy Award for "Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Color" and was also nominated for "Best Actress in a Leading Role", "Best Cinematography", "Color" and "Best Picture".



Dreidel

A Dreidel (סביבון,דרעידעל) is a four-sided top which is played in the Hanukkah season by Jewish people. It is game of luck which uses candy, coins or other betting tokens. 

The players start out with 10 or 15 tokens. Each player puts one token in the pot. The Dreidel has four sides. נ (Nun), ג (Gimel), ה (Hei), and ש (Shin). Nun means that the player does nothing. Gimel means that the player gets all the tokens from the pot. Hei means that the player gets half of the tokens from the pot. And Shin means that the player has to put one token in the pot. 
If the Pot is empty, each player puts one token in the pot. If the pot has an odd number of tokens, one player puts one token in the pot. The player is out if he/she runs out of tokens. Whoever is left standing, or has the most tokens at the end wins the game.


Misery

Misery is a feeling of great unhappiness, suffering and/or pain.

Misery may also refer to:

In entertainment:

Places:

In music:


Is Anybody Out There

"Is Anybody Out There" is a song recorded by American pop group "Maroon 5". The song was recorded in Europe at Coca Cola Music Studios on March 21, 2011. The song set a world record for being the first song in music history to be written, produced, and recorded within a 24-hours.

Walter Horton

Walter Horton (April 6, 1917 – December 8, 1981) was an American blues harp player. He is also known as Big Walter Horton or "Shakey" Horton.

He was born in Horn Lake, Mississippi and started playing harp at the age of five. In his teens he went to Memphis and lived with little income and a lot of discrimination. In the 1930s he played with many musicians across the Mississippi delta region.
He made his first recording in Memphis with the guitarist Little Buddy Doyle. Due to poor health he worked outside the music industry in the 1940s. In the early 1950s he was one of the first musicians recording for Sam Phillips at Sun Records in Memphis, who would later record Elvis Presley. At this time he also was part of the Chicago blues scene, where he recorded amongst others with Eddie Taylor and Johnny Shines. After Junior Wells left the Muddy Waters Band he recorded one session with Waters. In the 1960s he recorded often as sideman for other musicians. He played frequently in the 1970s at blues and folk music festivals in the U.S. and Europe, often with Willie Dixon's Chicago Blues All-Stars. In 1977 he joined Johnny Winter and Muddy Waters on Winter's album I'm Ready. At that time he also recorded for Blind Pig Records. Horton appeared in the Maxwell Street scene in the 1980 film The Blues Brothers. His final recordings were made in 1980.

He got his nickname "Shakey" because while playing he moved his head. He did his own first recording not until 1964 because he was a humble and shy person who did not like to be a leader. He felt more comfortable as sideman for others. Big Walter Horton died from heart failure in Chicago in 1981 aged 64.



Wedding Crashers

Wedding Crashers is a 2005 American romantic comedy movie that was produced by Peter Abrams, Toby Kiccumshot, Robert L. Levy, Cale Boyter, Andrew Panay and Richard Brener and was directed by David Dobkin. Wedding Crashers was released on July 15, 2005 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 75% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 64 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Superbad (movie)

Superbad is a 2007 American teen sex comedy movie. It was produced by Judd Apatow, Evan Goldberg, Seth Rogen and Shauna Robertson and was directed by Greg Mottola. Superbad was released on August 17, 2007 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with a 88% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 76 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Basseterre

Basseterre , is the capital city of the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis, also called St Kitts and Nevis, in the West Indies. "Basseterre" port is at , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island. It is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands. The city is in the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre. In 2000 about 15,500 people lived in the city.

Basseterre is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean.

Basseterre was founded in 1627 by the French, under Pierre Belain d'Esnambuc. It was the capital of the French colony of Saint-Christophe. The colony was the most northern and most southern parts of the island of St. Kitts. The middle part was held by Britain. When Phillipe de Longviliers de Poincy was made the French governor of St. Kitts in 1639, the town turned into a large, successful port, commanding Eastern Caribbean trade and colonisation. De Poincy then quickly made Basseterre capital of the entire French West Indies colony, which included the islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique. It was the capital until his death in 1660. The city was made capital of the entire island of St. Kitts in 1727. This is when the French were pushed off the island and the British took full control.

The city of Basseterre has one of the most tragic histories of any Caribbean capital, destroyed many times by colonial wars, fire, earthquakes, floods, riots and hurricanes. Despite all of this, a large number of well-restored buildings still exist in downtown Basseterre.

The city of Basseterre is on a bay on the southwestern shore of St. Kitts, Basseterre Bay. The city is in the large Basseterre Valley, almost completely surrounded by lush green hills and mountains. It is mostly low-lying, which is one explanation for the name which the French gave it, Basseterre . However, the name Basseterre is also due to the fact that the island is on the lee of winds of the island, and is thus a safe anchorage. The name Capesterre, given to the region to the North, was dubbed so as it was facing the wind. Basseterre is surrounded by the Olivees Mountains to the north and the Conaree-Morne peaks to the east. The city is drained by the College River and the Westbourne River, which are locally known as "ghauts" and are dry most of the year. They even form streets in downtown Basseterre. This engineering folly has proven quite disastrous though, as College River has been the scene of many disastrous in Basseterre history. Port Zante, in the centre of the bay, is on of land reclaimed from the sea in 1995.

Under the Köppen climate classification, Basseterre features a tropical rainforest climate. Temperatures remain constant throughout the course of the year, 27 °C year-round. Basseterre has no dry season; all 12 months on average sees more than of precipitation. On average, of rain falls on the city annually.

Basseterre is a very small town which is laid out in a grid pattern. It has four main streets running east-west: Bay Road, Liverpool Row, Central Street and Cayon Street. The main street running north to south is Fort Street/Bank Street, which is home to the bulk of the island's main shops and banks. The city has 2 centres, at The Circus, which is geared towards tourism purposes, and the Independence Square, which contains the cathedral, courthouse and most of the older buildings.

Basseterre is the main commercial and industrial centre of St. Kitts. It is also the country's main port of entry, for both sea and air travel, as well as the road and rail transport hub. It houses the administration buildings for the federal government (those for the island of Nevis are in Charlestown). It also houses the headquarters of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank, as well as the headquarters for many other regional financial institutions.

Despite its small size, Basseterre played host to Carifesta VII (the Caribbean Festival of Arts) in 2000, outbidding rivals many times its size. The city was able to outbid the United States of America, to host matches for the 2007 World Cricket Cup. The Warner Park Sporting Complex was the site of the allocated first round matches of the tournament. This made St. Kitts and Nevis the smallest country in the world ever to host a World Cup event.

Basseterre and its environs are home to many small, American-owned medical schools such as Windsor University, and also two prestigious medical institutions founded by Robert Ross: the Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine and the International University of Nursing. The city has four secondary schools, two of which are government owned, and two are private schools.


There are a large number of Christian churches in the city for its size. Most are Protestant, due to British colonization, but the cathedral in Basseterre is Roman Catholic. The Anglican, or "Church of England" has the most members, followed by the Methodist. Other Protestant denominations include Moravian, Church of God, Baptist, Seventh-day Adventist, Jehovah's Witness, Rivers of Living Water and Pentecostal. Afro-Christian syncretic sects are also widespread.

The city of Basseterre is a financial centre in the Eastern Caribbean. It has the headquarters of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank, as well as the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange, which lists securities for companies and corporations in the region. The city is also headquarters for the St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla National Bank, the largest bank in the Eastern Caribbean, in terms of assets.

The city is also a major Eastern Caribbean industrial centre, its main exports being bass, electronics, beverages, clothing, and salt. The sugar industry closed in 2005. This was due to overwhelming debts and further predicted hardships from major price cuts planned by the EU. There are specified industrial estates which carry out sub-sonic technology, food processing, light engineering, bass (instrument) engineering and rum distilling.

Like many countries in the Eastern Caribbean St Kitts and Nevis uses the East Caribbean dollar ($EC). The exchange rate is fixed at $EC 1 = $US 2.70

Basseterre is hub for all major roads on the island of St. Kitts. Driving is done on the left. The speed limit in the city is everywhere, with special caution to be taken around school zones.

Public Buses have a green license plate starting with the letter "H"
There are 5 main bus routes on St. Kitts:

All bus fees are EC$2.50 for a trip and under, EC$3.00 for a trip 5 to , and EC$3.75 for any longer trip. (EC dollars. 1 US = 2.7 EC)

No public buses travel southwards to the main resort areas in Frigate Bay and the South East Peninsula.

Taxis have yellow license plates starting with the letter "T" or "TA". The taxi station in Basseterre is at the Circus. The taxis will take you just about anywhere for a pre-calculated price.

The Deep Water Harbour in Basseterre is capable of both hosting and berthing of cruise ships or the handling of cargo. It is to the extreme east of Basseterre Bay.

Port Zante, in the centre of the Bay, is for use of docking cruise ships only. The Port can accommodate the largest cruise ships in the world. It also has a marina facility.

The bay is also home to the busy ferry operation between Basseterre and Charlestown on Nevis Island. There are many trips daily served by as much as 6 ferries. There is also a ferry services between Basseterre and Oranjestad, Statia and St. Maarten also exists, but the trips are irregular.

The Robert L. Bradshaw International Airport serves the island, and is in the city's most north easterly area. It has direct flights to London, New York City and Miami and seasonal flights to Charlotte, North Carolina, Atlanta, Georgia and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in addition to other major cities in the U.S.A. and Canada during the tourist season.

St. Kitts' of narrow (0.762m)-gauge railway centre in Basseterre, and swoop the island in a circular pattern. The railway lines, originally built to transport sugar cane to the central sugar factory in Basseterre, are now used to transport tourists via the "St. Kitts Scenic Railway Train" which currently runs from Sandy Point to Basseterre, travelling East.

Famous people born in Basseterre include:

Shenton Way

Shenton Way is a major road in Singapore. It is part of the Central Business District (CBD) area that is found at the south of Singapore. Together with Raffles Place, it forms part of Singapore's first CBD area. This road is a one way street that starts at the junction of Cross Street, Central Boulevard and Raffles Quay and ends at Keppel Road. The road was named after Sir Shenton Thomas, the Governor of Singapore in 1934–1946, to commemorate his decision to stay in the city during the Japanese Occupation of Singapore.

This road was officially opened in 1951 and became Singapore's version of Wall Street in the 1970s when many business started building their offices there.


Sylvia Likens

Sylvia Marie Likens (), often referred to as Sylvia Likens, was a child from Indiana, who was murdered by her caregiver Gertrude Baniszewski (née Fan Vossan). She was murdered in 1965, following a 2 ½ month long period of torture she endured under her caregiver. Her death was described by the court as "the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of Indiana". She was just 16 years old at the time of her death.
Sylvia Likens was born as Sylvia Marie Likens on .

The Tsar's Bride

The Tsar's Bride ("Tsarskaya nevesta" in Russian) is an opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. It was the tenth opera the composer wrote. The words (libretto) were written by Il’ya Tyumenev who based the story on a book called “The Tsar’s Bride" by Lev Mei. The opera was composed in 1898. The first performance took place in 1899 at the Moscow theater of the Private Opera of S.I. Mamontov.

The story is supposed to take place in the autumn of 1572 in Moscow. At this time Russia was ruled by a very cruel tsar called Ivan the Terrible. Tsar Ivan had a group of people who guarded him. They were called oprichniki. The oprichniki were like bodyguards, but they were told to kill anybody who was not loyal to the tsar, so they behaved like terrorists, killing, raping and stealing wherever they went. In the opera there are also “Boyars”. A Boyar was a nobleman.

Griaznoy is an oprichnik. Although he already has a lover, Lubasha, he now decides he loves Marfa, the daughter of the merchant Sobakin. Marfa is already engaged to be married to Lykov, a boyar. There is much merrymaking and singing at a feast. Then Griaznoy asks to be left alone with Bomelius, the tsar’s doctor. He asks him to get him a love potion. Lubasha, who is hiding, hears what he says and realizes that he does not love her any more. When the doctor goes, Griaznoy is horrible to Lubasha and tells her to go. She now wants to talk to Bomelius.

A lot of people are coming out of church. They talk about the autumn weather, but when the oprichniki appear they are very frightened and start talking about whom the tsar is going to choose for his bride . Marfa talks to her friend Duniasha about how she has loved Lykov ever since they were children. Tsar Ivan passes by. She does not recognize him, but she is very frightened at the way the Tsar is staring at her. Sobakin comes in with Lykov and the four of them sing about looking forward to the wedding.

Lyubasha now goes to Bomelius and asks for another magic potion which she wants to give to Griaznoi to stop him loving Marfa. Bomelius says he will give her the potion if she will make love to him. Lyubasha agrees and goes inside with him.

At the wedding celebrations Sobakin tells Lykov that he will have to wait before his marriage to Marfa can be confirmed. The Tsar himself is looking for a girl to marry and has asked to see Sobakin’s daughters. Griaznoy realizes he needs to use the love potion quickly so he asks to be invited to the wedding. At the celebration he puts the potion in Marfa’s drink. A messenger comes with the news that the Tsar has chosen Marfa to be his wife. Everyone is horrified and Sobakin collapses.

Sobakin is at the Tsar's palace. He is proud because his daughter is now the Tsarevna (the Tsar’s wife) and he himself has been made a Boyar. But he is also worried because Marfa has become very ill. Griaznoy comes in and greets Sobakin (who are now both boyars). He says that the person who poisoned Marfa has confessed. Marfa rushes in and tells Griaznoi to speak. He says that Lykov was tortured and then confessed to having poisoned Marfa. Lykov was then executed by Griaznoi himself. Marfa goes mad when she hears this. In her madness she thinks Griaznoy is Lykov. This eventually makes Griaznoy confess that he himself at put the potion into her drink. He did not realize it was poisonous. Lyubasha then confesses that she had put her potion in the place of Griaznoi’s potion. She blames Griaznoy and invites him to kill her. He kills her, then he is taken to prison to be executed. As he is taken away, Marfa, in her madness, once again mistakes Griaznoy for Lykov. She invites him to return the next day to visit her. Then she dies.


Bubble sort

Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm. It is simple to understand, so it is usually taught to new students. It is not as efficient as some other sorting algorithms.

Bubble sort's name comes from the fact that each item in the list “bubbles” up to where it should go, like bubbles in water.

The algorithm compares pairs of elements in a list. The elements that make up the pairs are next to each other. Starting at one end of the list, the two elements in each pair are compared to each other in order. That means for example, the first and second element are compared, then the second and third element, and then the third and fourth, and so on. If the elements in the current pair are out of order, then the two elements switch places. This process – of comparing two elements – is done over and over again, until the whole list is sorted. The list is sorted, when there are no more pairs that have to be swapped.

In the best case scenario, where the list was already sorted before running the algorithm, the algorithm's complexity is O(n) (Big O notation). In the worst case, where the list starts off as being sorted in reverse, O(n²).

In an imperative programming language, bubble sort can be implemented by using a flag variable and looping through the array's elements:

Alternatively, since the greatest value ascends to the highest index within the first iteration and then has reached its final "right" position, two for-loops nested into one another sort the vector, too:

for top ≔ high(vector)−1 downto low(vector) do

Maundy Thursday

Maundy Thursday, also known as Holy Thursday, Covenant Thursday, Great & Holy Thursday, and Thursday of Mysteries, is the Christian feast or holy day falling on the Thursday before Easter that commemorates the Last Supper of Jesus Christ with the Twelve Apostles as described in the Canonical gospels. It is the fifth day of Holy Week, and is preceded by Holy Wednesday and followed by Good Friday.

Holy Saturday

Holy Saturday (from the Latin: "Sabbatum Sanctum") is the day after Good Friday. It is the day before Easter and the last day of Holy week, in which Christians prepare for Easter. This day commemorates the day that Jesus Christ's body laid in the tomb.

Dysaethesia aethiopica

Dysaethesia aethiopica was a term to describe a mental illness. It was believed to be why Afro-American slaves were lazy.
American physician Samuel A. Cartwright described the condition in 1851. Today, dysaethesia aethiopica is considered an example of pseudoscience. Many people think it is an example of scientific racism. 

Cartwright made a statement that the illness caused people to break everything they touched. They walked about as if they were in a daze, or half asleep. They often argued with people in charge and caused disturbances. They did not feel pain, and did not react when physically punished. It affected people who did not have white (or European) people to look after them.

Ilya Bryzgalov

Ilya Nikolayevich Bryzgalov (Илья Николаевич Брызгалов in Russian; born June 22, 1980 in Togliatti, Russian SFSR, URS) is a former Russian professional ice hockey goaltender that played for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bryzgalov has also played for the Anaheim Ducks/Mighty Ducks of Anaheim for 5 seasons, the Phoenix Coyotes for 4 seasons, the Philadelphia Flyers for 2 seasons, and the Edmonton Oilers for 20 games. He was drafted by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim with the 44th overall pick in the 2000 NHL Draft. He won the Stanley Cup with the Anaheim Ducks on June 6, 2007.

On March 4, 2014, the Oilers traded Bryzgalov to the Minnesota Wild for a fourth-round draft pick.

Philip Henrik Hansteen

Philip Henrik Hansteen (1817 – ?) was a Norwegian judge.

Hansteen was born in Moss, and graduated there as a cand.jur. (Candidate of Law) in 1840. From 1840 to 1842 he was a deputy judge at the Moss District Court in Moss. He was a judge in what was Norway's last trail that ended in pillory, making one embarrassed in public. He later worked as a "district stipendiary magistrate" of the Sør-Østerdal District Court from 1854 to 1869. He later worked at the Solør District Court from 1869 to 1879. In 1879 he became a Supreme Court Assessor for the rest of his life.

Zephyr

Zephyr may refer to:










Scientific racism

Scientific racism is the use of science to support racism. In the 19th century, scientists divided humankind into different groups called "races".

For instance, the group of black people was called "Black race" or "Negroid race". Many scientists said that white people were superior to (better than) black people. In this way, scientists supported slavery and Jim Crow laws.

In the 19th century, some scientists said that Jews were a race. People like Houston Steward Chamberlain wrote that Jews were a danger to other people. Adolf Hitler read some of their books. He ordered the Holocaust in which about 6 million Jews were murdered.

Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of different races was wrong. Scientists also say that the "belief in races" is a bad thing that has caused much damage.

Dease Lake

Dease Lake is a small Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Dease Lake is in the Northern Interior of British Columbia. Dease Lake is only a few hours from the Yukon border. Near Dease Lake is the Dease Lake Indian Reserve No. 9 which is under the governance of the Tahltan First Nation band government. Dease Lake is known for being a destination for hunting and other wilderness activities.


Osoyoos, British Columbia

Osoyoos is a Canadian town in British Columbia, Canada. Osoyoos is in the southern part of the Okanagan Valley in British Columbia and is also near the Washington border. The population of Osoyoos was 5,203 at the 2010 consensus. Osoyoos is pronounced "OH-SOY -OOSE" and is also historically pronounced "SOY-OOSE". NHL player Chuck Kobasew was born in Osoyoos.


Fort Nelson, British Columbia

Fort Nelson is a Canadian town in British Columbia, Canada. Fort Nelson is in the newly formed Northern Rockies Regional Municipality and is also in the northeastern corner of British Columbia. The population of Fort Nelson was 4,514 at the 2006 census. Around Fort Nelson is Fort Nelson River, Muskwa River and Prophet River. The forests in Fort Nelson are part of Canada's boreal forest.


Total Metal

Total Metal is the compilation album by heavy metal band Atomkraft. It contains songs from albums published by Neat Records.



Gliding

Gliding is when an object or animal goes through the air without active flight. All gliders use an aerofoil to slow their rate of descent. Glider planes have wings, and gliding animals have membranes which they stretch out. By using rising air they can prolong their stay in the air. The word 'soaring' describes this, and is also used for the sport of gliding. 

Air will rise if it is heated by the ground or if it is deflected by mountains. Improvements in aerodynamics, in instruments and in the understanding of the weather have allowed flights over great distances at high speeds. The world record distance is now over 3000 km.

Parasomnia

Parasomias are sleep disorders that interrupt sleep. They can be broadly classified:

Tom Glavine

Tom Glavine (born March 25, 1966) is a former baseball player who played pitcher. He won more than 300 games in his career and has won the second-most games in National League history (behind his former teammate Greg Maddux). He won one World Series with the Atlanta Braves in 1995, and was the World Series Most Valuable Player (MVP). Most of his career was with the Braves (from 1987 to 2002 and in 2008), but he also played with the New York Mets from 2003 to 2007.

As well as being the MVP of the 1995 World Series, Glavine also won the National League (NL) Cy Young Award in 1991 and 1998.

Skrillex

Sonny John Moore (born 15 January 1988) is an American electronic music producer, DJ and singer-songwriter. He is better known by his stage name, Skrillex.

Moore started his first band when he was 13, which was called The Riots. He also started a second band called Hazel-rah. He joined the band "From First to Last" in 2004 when he was 16. Moore left "From First to Last" in 2007 and announced that he would be starting a solo career. He also dropped out of school at a young age.

He was signed by deadmau5 to his label, mau5trap recordings, where he released his second EP, Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites. His song "Kill Everybody" was featured in the trailer for . He also made a song called "Reptile Theme" for the soundtrack to Mortal Kombat.

On 17 August 2011, Skrillex announced that he was starting his label, OWSLA.

In 2011, he was nominated for five Grammy awards. He won three for "Best Dance/Electronica Album," "Best Dance Recording," and "Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical".

He holds the world record for most Grammys won by an Electronic Dance Music artist, with 8 awards.

His song "First of the Year (Equinox)" was featured in the first episode of the Beavis and Butt-head revival. He released his fourth EP "Bangarang" on 23 December 2011.

He made a song titled "Bug Hunt" for the 2012 animated film Wreck-It Ralph and also made a small and brief cameo as a DJ.

The song "Make it Bun Dem" with Damian Marley was used as a looped variant and plays during the single player mission 'Kick the Hornet’s Nest' in the 2012 video game Far Cry 3.

He released his sixth EP titled "Leaving" on 2 January 2013 for OWSLA's subscription service called The Nest.

On 14 March 2014, Skrillex released his debut studio album "Recess".



Car Brands Album 2023


Chess Records

Chess Records was an American record label from Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by the brothers Leonard and Phil Chess. The label was important for blues, R&B, soul, gospel music and early Rock and roll. The label soon was very successful because it recorded music the major labels did not. The label was originally at 2120 S. Michigan Avenue. The site is now home of Willie Dixons Blues Heaven Foundation.

A critic said, that without Chess Record today's music would sound different. Another calls Chess Records "America's greatest blues label".
In 1947 Leonard Chess bought a label called Aristocrat Records. In 1950 Leonard brought in his brother Phil and they renamed tha label to Chess Records. The first release was "My Foolish Heart" b/w "Bless You" by Gene Ammon, which became a hit. In 1952 they started Checker Records for radio play because the stations only played a limited number of songs from one label and in December 1955 the started Argo Records for jazz music. The first LP was produced in 1958.

In the beginning Leonard Chess was the producer, but later the business was handled by Ralph Bass for the gospel section and Willie Dixon for blues. Dixon wrote a lot of songs which became hits and also played bass on many recordings. The label was also famous for its session musicans who played on most of the company's Chicago soul recordings, such as drummer Maurice White and bassist Louis Satterfield, both later shaped the funk group Earth, Wind, & Fire, guitarists Pete Cosey, Gerald Sims and Phil Upchurch, pianist Leonard Caston, later a producer with Motown and organist Sonny Thompson. 1953 they begun to work together with Sam Phillips' Memphis Recording Service. One of the musicians from Memphis was Howlin' Wolf, who did many hits for Chess.

In 1969 the label was sold to General Recorded Tape (GRT) and 1972 the only part of the business which still existed was the recording studio, Ter-Mar Studios. In the mid-eighties the catalogue of Chess Records was sold to MCA Records. The 50th anniversary of Chess Records was celebrated by a number of Cds featuring great artist who had recorded for Chess. In the 2000s, Universal's limited-edition re-issue label, Hip-O Select began releasing a series of box-sets celebrating the work of Chess artists as Muddy Waters, Little Walter, Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry.
Chess Records was subject of the 2008 film "Cadillac Records" by Darnell Martin. Beside the portrait of Leonard Chess (Adrien Brody) it brought to the cinema the characters of Willie Dixon (Cedric the Entertainer), Muddy Waters (Jeffrey Wright), Little Walter (Columbus Short) and Etta James (Beyoncé Knowles).



Physiotherapy

Physiotherapy is also called "physical therapy". It attempts to treat what limits a person's abilities to move and do things in their daily life.

It is the treatment of disease, injury, deformity or disability to improve the quality of life. Physiotherapists use exercise, hands-on techniques (including manual therapy, dry needling and trigger point therapy), patient education and various other methods.

Physiotherapists are well known for their treatment of musculoskeletal injuries such as ankle sprains, muscle injuries and tendon pain. Musculoskeletal physiotherapists are often clinic-based, however are often also working with sporting teams and also work in hospitals.

However, physiotherapists are also crucial for many conditions that you may not have realised. neurophysiotherapy plays an important role in the recovery of neurological conditions such as stroke patients and traumatic brain injury patients. Physios also play an important role in cardiopulmonary rehabilitation, such as after heart surgery and in respiratory conditions such as emphysema.

Physios also play a major role in treating children, including those with cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, Down syndrome, and other chromosome-related conditions.


List of dances

List of dances:




















Kesennuma

Kesennuma is a Japanese city. It is part of Miyagi Prefecture. Kesennuma is in the northeastern part of the prefecture and faces two coasts: the Pacific coast, and Sanriku coast. Kesennuma borders the town of Minamisanriku to the south. Across the border to the north in Iwate Prefecture, it borders the cities of Ofunato and Rikuzentakata.

The city was heavily damaged on March 11, 2011 by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and by large fires. Between 1 March and 31 August 2011, many people left Kesennuma. The population went down by about 2,500 people, or 5%. 


Volkswagen Transporter

The Volkswagen Transporter is a range of vans and minibuses produced by Volkswagen since 1950. Before 1990 they were air-cooled with the engine in the rear, after 1990 the engine was moved to the front and water-cooled.

They are often painted bright colors. They are also called the Transporter, Kombi, Bus (US) or Camper (UK).

German production stopped after the 1967 model year; however, the T1 still was made in Brazil until 1975.

In late 1967, the second generation of the Volkswagen Type 2 (T2) was introduced. It was built in West Germany until 1979. In Mexico, the Volkswagen Kombi and Panel were produced from 1970 to 1994. Models before 1971 are often called the T2a (or "Early Bay"), while models after 1972 are called the T2b (or "Late Bay").

Kett's Rebellion

Kett's Rebellion was a fight in Norfolk during the reign of Edward VI of England. The rebellion was led by Robert Kett of Wymondham, Norfolk. It started in July 1549.

Kett's Rebellion started in Wymondham after a small group of peasants (poor people) got together to protest against barons, who had stolen the common land, leaving the poor people to die of hunger. The leader was Robert Kett. The peasants marched 16 kilometres into Norwich and gathered on Mousehold Heath. They attracted the support of the poorer people of Norwich.

Hundreds of peasants were killed and 300 were captured and executed in Norwich. Robert Kett was captured, held in the Tower of London and then hanged at Norwich Castle on 7 December 1549.

Rhythm game

Rhythm game, or rhythm action, is a type of music-themed action video game. These games mostly focus either on dancing or simulating the playing of musical instruments. Players must press buttons in time with commands from the game, which are in time with the rhythm of a song. Doing so will cause the game's protagonist or avatar to dance or play their instrument correctly, thus achieving a greater score. They can be played with a hand-held controller, though different control devices have been made to play rhythm games, such as guitar- and drum-shaped controllers for musical instrument games, and pressure-sensitive pads (called dance mats) that the player must step on for dancing games. The Kinect for the Xbox 360 allows the player to use their whole body to control the game by tracking their movements. Some games have a multi-player mode, where players can play as members of a band or dance crew, or compete against each other.

The 1996 title "PaRappa the Rapper" was the first influential rhythm game. The basic design of the game became a pattern that later rhythm games followed. In 1997, Konami's "Beatmania" started popularity for rhythm games in Japan. The company's music division, Bemani, released many music games over the next several years. "Dance Dance Revolution" was the only one to achieve large-scale success outside of Japan. The game's style was imitated by many other games, until the release of Harmonix's "Guitar Hero". This was inspired by similar, earlier Japanese games, but Harmonix added rock music aimed at a Western audience. The success of the game revived the genre and two hugely successful franchises were born in "Guitar Hero" and the later "Rock Band". The success of both expanded the console video game market and its demographics. By 2008, rhythm games were considered to be one of the most popular video game genres, behind other action games. However, because there were so many spin-offs from the core titles in 2009, there was a nearly 50% drop in sales for music games, causing them to scale-back plans for further expansion in 2010.

Rhythm game, or rhythm action, is a subgenre of action game that challenges a player's sense of rhythm, and includes dance games such as "Dance Dance Revolution" and other music-based games such as "Donkey Konga" and "Guitar Hero". These games challenge the player to press the right button at the right time: the screen shows which button the player should press next, and the game awards points for being on the beat. The genre also includes games that measure both rhythm and pitch, in order to test a player's singing ability. In addition to rhythm, some games may challenge the player to control their volume by measuring how hard they press each button. While songs can be sight read without having performed them before, players usually practice to master more difficult songs and settings. Other rhythm games offer a challenge similar to that of "Simon says", where the player must watch, remember, and repeat complex sequences of button-presses.

In some rhythm games, the screen will display an avatar who performs in response to the player's button-presses. However, they are usually in the background, and the avatar is less important to the player than it is to spectators. In single-player mode, the player's avatar will compete against a computer-controlled opponent, while multiplayer mode will allow two player-controlled avatars to compete head-to-head. The popularity of rhythm games has created a market for different controllers. These include a variety of controllers which look like musical instruments, such as guitars, drums, or maracas. A dance mat, for use in dancing games, requires the player to step on pressure-sensitive pads. Traditional control pads may also be used.

The genre has been traced back to the electronic game Simon, invented by Howard Morrison and Ralph Baer (the latter also invented the Magnavox Odyssey) in 1978. Players take turns repeating increasingly complicated sequences of button presses and the game implemented the "call and response" mechanic used by later music video games. "Dance Aerobics" was released in 1987, and allowed players to create music by stepping on Nintendo's Power Pad peripheral. It has been called the first rhythm-action game. The later "PaRappa the Rapper" has also been credited as the first rhythm game, as well as one of the first music games in general. The game required players to press buttons corresponding to the order they appeared on-screen; this basic mechanic would form the core of future rhythm games. The success of "PaRappa the Rapper" sparked popularity of the music game genre. Unlike most other games in the genre, it featured a completely original soundtrack and a good plot. Konami's "Beatmania", released in Japanese arcades in 1997, was a dj-themed rhythm game which featured buttons laid out like a keyboard along with a rubber pad that looked like a record. The game was a surprise hit, inspiring Konami's Games and Music Division to change its name to Bemani in honor of the game, and to then begin experimenting with other rhythm games over the next few years. One of those successes, "GuitarFreaks", featured a guitar-shaped controller. While the franchise continues to receive new arcade versions in Japan, it was never strongly marketed outside of the country, allowing Harmonix to capitalize on the formula several years later with the Western-targeted "Guitar Hero". Similarly, "DrumMania" from 1999 used a drum kit controller and could be linked with "GuitarFreaks" for simulated jam sessions, several years before the concept appeared in "Rock Band". 1998's "Pop'n Music", a game similar to "Beatmania", featuring multiple colorful buttons was also successful.

"Dance Dance Revolution", released in 1998, was a rhythm game in which players danced on pressure sensitive pads in time with on-screen commands. The game was highly successful not only in Japan but globally, unlike games such as "GuitarFreaks", "DrumMania" and "Beatmania" (though "Beatmania" had some success in Europe). and pump it up in a similar rhythm game.

Released the same year, Enix's "Bust a Groove" revolved around similar dancing themes to "Dance Dance Revolution" but employed a more conventional input method. The game featured competitive one-on-one "battles" and also allowed the player more freedom than normally found in rhythm games.

"Vib-Ribbon" was released by NanaOn-Sha (the creator of "PaRappa the Rapper") in 1999, and did not use instrument-shaped controllers. In this game, players had to get the protagonist through an obstacle course by pressing buttons at the correct time. These courses were generated in a way that depended on the background music and players could load their own music to play along. While it was praised for its unique style and timeless artistry, its simple vector graphics proved difficult to market and the game was never released in North America. Bemani's "Samba de Amigo", released in 1999 and on Dreamcast in 2000, featured maraca-shaped, motion sensor controllers. The game made use of "social gaming", allowing two player gameplay and providing a spectacle for onlookers. In 2001, "Taiko no Tatsujin" combined traditional Japanese drums with contemporary pop music, and became highly successful in Japanese arcades. The game was later released on consoles in the West (as "Taiko Drum Master") and the franchise continues to receive new instalments in Japan. "Gitaroo Man" featured a guitar-playing protagonist, 4 years before the release of "Guitar Hero", though the game employed a conventional rather than guitar-shaped controller. "Gitaroo Man"'s creator, Keiichi Yano, created "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan", a rhythm game for the Nintendo DS using its touchscreen features, which was a highly demanded import title and led to a sequel in Japan and a Western variation of the game in "Elite Beat Agents".

Harmonix, a company formed from a computer music group at MIT in 1995, released "Frequency" in 2001. The game allowed the player to control multiple instruments and gave a feeling of more creative control. The game was well-reviewed, but its abstract style did not allow the player to give a "performance" as in other games and thus proved difficult to market. "Frequency" was followed by a similar game, "Amplitude" in 2003. Harmonix later released more socially driven, karaoke-themed music games in "Karaoke Revolution" and "SingStar" (2003 and 2004 respectively). "Donkey Konga", developed by Namco for Nintendo and released in 2003 (2004 in North America) achieved widespread success due to its use of Nintendo's "Donkey Kong" franchise.
"Guitar Hero", developed by Harmonix, was released in 2005 by then relatively unknown publisher RedOctane. The game was inspired by "GuitarFreaks", but while that game had used Japanese pop music, "Guitar Hero" featured Western rock music. The game revived the rhythm genre which by this time had begun to get boring, flooded with "Dance Dance Revolution" sequels and imitators. The game had several sequels, with the franchise earning more than $1 billion in sales; the third game was the best-selling game in North America in 2007. Harmonix's later "Rock Band" franchise, which also earned in excess of $1 billion, used multiple instrument controllers and cooperative multiplayer, allowing players to play as a full band. The "Guitar Hero" franchise followed suit with "Guitar Hero World Tour", developed by Neversoft rather than Harmonix. "Guitar Hero" installments based on specific bands, such as Metallica and Aerosmith, were later published. Additional songs could be purchased on the internet and added to "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" games. Artists whose works have been featured in the games have also benefited from royalties and increased publicity, in turn generating further sales of their work. The success of the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" franchises widened the console video game market and its demographics, with the popularity of the music game driving increased sales of consoles. In 2008, it was reported that the music game had become the second most popular video game genre in the U.S. (behind action, having overtaken sports), with 53% of players being female.

Analysts for the video game market considered 2009 to be critical to further success of the genre. Both the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" franchises expanded in this year with new games on other gaming platforms including handheld gaming devices and mobile phones and with titles targeted towards specific genres or demographics, such as "Band Hero" for pop music and "Lego Rock Band" for younger players. Sales of music games were down in the first half of the year, though part was attributed to fewer purchases of the instrument controllers which players had already purchased and could reuse for other games. Analysis had expected that United States sales of "Guitar Hero 5" and "" would be high the actual sales numbers were lower by nearly half of the projections. Though signs of the impact of the late-2000s recession on the video game markets were considered a factor in lower sales, it was also taken as a sign of the waning popularity of the titles, now considered to be saturating the market. As a result projections for sales of "DJ Hero", a spinoff of "Guitar Hero" published by Activision, were reduced from 1.6 million units in the first quarter of sales in the United Sates to only 600,000. Further contributing to the decline is the lack of innovation as they have not changed their basic play model. Total sales of rhythm games, $1.4 billion in 2008, reached only $700 million in 2009, with analysts predicting the market will settle at the same "healthy" $500–600 million level seen by the "Call of Duty" series.

Publishers and distributors recognized that in 2010, most consumers likely have one or more sets of instrument controller hardware at their homes, and that further sales would be primarily driven by software sales and additional content. Activision scaled back its 2010 "Guitar Hero" release schedule to just two full games, reducing the number of SKUs from 25 in 2009 to 10 in 2010. Activision has also closed some of its in-house developers, including RedOctane, Neversoft's "Guitar Hero" division, and Underground Development, bringing the remaining employees and assets under their own control. Viacom, which had previously paid Harmonix $150 million for their performance behind "Rock Band" in 2007, are now seeking to get a "substantial" refund on that amount due to the weak sales in 2009. Viacom is also seeking to further reduce costs by negotiating new deals with music publishers to reduce the costs associated with music licensing for the "Rock Band" series. During the third quarter of 2010, Viacom began seeking a buyer for Harmonix, recognizing they did not have the efficiency and capacity to deal with the cost of maintaining a video game developer compared with dedicated video game publishers.

The kinds of people buying games was changing and they wanted something different. Rhythm game developers tried to add new features to their games. "Rock Band 3" and "" added new stringed guitar controllers. They also added kinds of game play to help players learn how to hold their fingers as if playing a real guitar. Despite these new modes, sales of music games were still low in 2010. "Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock" and "DJ Hero 2" sold only 86,000 and 59,000 copies in North America during their first week of sales, respectively, a sharp contrast to "Guitar Hero III" which had seen nearly 1.4 million units in its first week in 2008. Analysis of music game sales through October 2010 show net sales of around $200 million through October, one-fifth of the revenue for music games for the same period in 2008, and that the market will likely not break $400 million by the end of the year. End year sales were less than $300 million.

By the end of 2010, the rhythm market, initially propped by game bundles with instrument controllers, was considered "well past its prime" and has shifted towards downloadable content and potential integration with motion control systems. Citing the downturn in rhythm games, Activision shuttered their "Guitar Hero" division in February 2011. Viacom completed its sale of Harmonix in late 2010 to an investment-backed group to allow it to continue developing "Rock Band" and "Dance Central" on its own. Analysts suggest that the market for these types of peripheral rhythm games may be stagnant for three to five years after which they may resurge on new consoles or based on different distribution models such as a stronger focus on downloadable content.

With the introduction of motion control to both the Xbox 360 (through Kinect) and the PlayStation 3 (through PlayStation Move) in 2010 and 2011, along with existing Wii motion control, some analysts believed the rhythm market would resurge through a new wave of dance-based video games and band-based ones that use platform-agnostic controllers to replicate real-life actions. Games such as "Dance Central", "", and "Child of Eden" are all games based on the new motion sensing technology aimed to encourage more engaging dance routines. Industry pundits believe that as sales of music games requiring peripheral controllers lag, dance-based games, along with rising popularity of pop music, will continue to thrive for some time. Dancing games such as "Just Dance" and "Dance Central" boosted late-year sales; "Dance Central" was the top-selling game for the Kinect in North America in November 2010, and both games led to an 38% increase in sales compared to November 2009, according to NPD.


Earth Day

Earth Day is a day that is supposed to inspire more awareness and appreciation for the Earth's natural environment. It takes place each year on April 22. It now takes place in more than 193 countries around the world. During Earth Day, the world encourages everyone to turn off all unwanted lights. On Earth day we should give something to our mother land like we can plant trees.

It was founded by United States Senator Gaylord Nelson as an environmental teach-in first held on April 22, 1970. U Thant, the Secretary-General of United Nations at that time, has recognized it. While the first Earth Day focused on the United States, The EPA ( Enviromental Protection Agency), launched by Denis Hayes, who was the original national coordinator in 1970, took it international in 1990 and organized events in 141 countries. Its name and concept were created by John McConnell in 1960 at a UNESCO conference in San Francisco.


Parables of Jesus

The parables of Jesus can be found in Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, and in some of the gospels not in the Bible. They are found mostly in the three synoptic gospels. They are a key part of the teaching of Jesus: they form about one third of his recorded teachings. Christians place emphasis on these parables, since they are believed to be the words of Jesus.

Jesus' parables are seemingly simple and memorable stories, often with imagery, and each conveys a message. Scholars have commented that although these parables seem simple, the messages they convey are deep, and central to the teachings of Jesus.

Many of Jesus' parables refer to simple everyday things, such as a woman baking bread (parable of the Leaven), a man knocking on his neighbor's door at night (parable of the Friend at Night), or the aftermath of a roadside mugging (parable of the Good Samaritan); yet they deal with major religious themes, such as the growth of the Kingdom of God, the importance of prayer, and the meaning of love.

In Western civilization, these parables formed the prototype for the term "parable" and in the modern age, even among those who know little of the Bible, the parables of Jesus remain some of the best known stories in the world.

As a translation of the Hebrew word מָשָׁל "mashal" the word parable can also refer to a riddle. In all times in their history the Jews were familiar with teaching by means of parables and a number of parables also exist in the Old Testament. The use of parables by Jesus was hence a natural teaching method that fit into the tradition of his time. The parables of Jesus have been quoted, taught, and discussed since the very beginnings of Christianity.

The three synoptic gospels contain the parables of Jesus. The Gospel of John contains only the stories of the Vine and Good Shepherd, which some consider to be parables, else it includes allegories but no parables. Several authors such as Barbara Reid, Arland Hultgren or Donald Griggs comment that "parables are noticeably absent from the Gospel of John".

The Catholic Encyclopedia states: "There are no parables in St. John's Gospel. In the Synoptics ... we reckon thirty-three in all; but some have raised the number even to sixty, by including proverbial expressions." The Gospel of Luke contains both the largest total number of parables (24) and eighteen unique parables; the Gospel of Matthew contains 23 parables of which eleven are unique; and the Gospel of Mark contains eight parables of which two are unique.

In "Harmony of the Gospels", Cox and Easley provide a Gospel harmony for the parables based on the following counts: Only in Matthew: 11, only in Mark: 2, only in Luke: 18, Matthew and Luke: 4, Matthew, Mark and Luke: 6. They list no parables for the Gospel of John.

Parables attributed to Jesus are also found in other documents apart from the Bible. Some of these overlap those in the canonical gospels and some are not part of the Bible. The non-canonical Gospel of Thomas contains up to fifteen parables, eleven of which have parallels in the four canonical Gospels. The unknown author of the Gospel of Thomas did not have a special word for "parable," making it difficult to know what he considered a parable. Those unique to Thomas include the Parable of the Assassin and the Parable of the Empty Jar.

The noncanonical Apocryphon of James also contains three unique parables attributed to Jesus. They are known as "The Parable of the Ear of Grain", "The Parable of the Grain of Wheat", and "The Parable of the Date-Palm Shoot".

The hypothetical Q document is seen as a source for some of the parables in Matthew, Luke, and Thomas.

In the Gospel of Matthew (13:10-17) Jesus provides an answer when asked about his use of parables:
The disciples came to him and asked, "Why do you speak to the people in parables?" He replied,
<br>
<br>
While and may suggest that Jesus would only speak to the "crowds" in parables, while in private explaining everything to his disciples, modern scholars do not support the private explanations argument and surmise that Jesus used parables as a teaching method. Dwight Pentecost suggests that given that Jesus often preached to a mixed audience of believers and non-believers, he used parables to reveal the truth to some, but hide it from others.

Christian author Ashton Axenden suggests that Jesus constructed his parables based on his divine knowledge of how man can be taught:
This was a mode of teaching, which our blessed Lord seemed to take special delight in employing. And we may be quite sure, that as "He knew what was in man" better than we know, He would not have taught by Parables, if He had not felt that this was the kind of teaching best suited to our wants.
In the 19th century, Lisco and Fairbairn stated that in the parables of Jesus, "the image borrowed from the visible world is accompanied by a truth from the invisible (spiritual) world" and that the parables of Jesus are not "mere similitudes which serve the purpose of illustration, but are internal analogies where nature becomes a witness for the spiritual world".

Similarly, in the 20th century, calling a parable "an earthly story with a heavenly meaning", William Barclay states that the parables of Jesus use familiar examples to lead men's minds towards heavenly concepts. He suggests that Jesus did not form his parables merely as analogies but based on an "inward affinity between the natural and the spiritual order."

A number of parables which are adjacent in one or more gospels have similar themes. The parable of the Leaven follows the parable of the Mustard Seed in Matthew and Luke, and shares the theme of the Kingdom of Heaven growing from small beginnings. The parable of the Hidden Treasure and parable of the Pearl form a pair illustrating the great value of the Kingdom of Heaven, and the need for action in attaining it.

The parables of the Lost Sheep, Lost Coin, and Lost (Prodigal) Son form a trio in Luke dealing with loss and redemption.

The parable of the Faithful Servant and parable of the Ten Virgins, adjacent in Matthew, involve waiting for a bridegroom, and have an eschatological theme: be prepared for the day of reckoning. The parable of the Tares the parable of the Rich Fool, the parable of the budding fig tree, and the parable of the barren fig tree also have eschatological themes.

Other parables stand alone, such as the parable of the unforgiving servant, dealing with forgiveness; the parable of the Good Samaritan, dealing with practical love; and the parable of the Friend at Night, dealing with persistence in prayer.

Of the thirty or so parables in the canonical Gospels, four were shown in medieval art almost to the exclusion of the others, but not mixed in with the narrative scenes of the "Life of Christ". These were: the Ten Virgins, the Rich man and Lazarus, the Prodigal Son and the Good Samaritan. Artists famous for depicting parables include Martin Schongauer, Pieter the Elder Bruegal and Albrecht Dürer. The Workers in the Vineyard also appears in Early Medieval works. From the Renaissance the numbers shown widened slightly, and the various scenes of the Prodigal Son became the clear favorite, with the Good Samaritan also popular. Albrecht Dürer made a famous engraving of the "Prodigal Son" amongst the pigs (1496), a popular subject in the Northern Renaissance, and Rembrandt depicted the story several times, although at least one of his works, "The Prodigal Son in the Tavern", a portrait of himself as the Son, revelling with his wife, is like many artists' depictions, a way of dignifying a genre tavern scene. His late "Return of the Prodigal Son" (Hermitage Museum, St Petersburg) is one of his most popular works.

As well as being depicted in art and discussed in prose, a number of parables form the inspiration for religious poetry and hymns. For example, the hymn "The Ninety and Nine" by Elizabeth C. Clephane (1868) is inspired by the parable of the Lost Sheep:

<poem>
There were ninety and nine that safely lay
In the shelter of the fold.
But one was out on the hills away,
Far off from the gates of gold.
Away on the mountains wild and bare.
Away from the tender Shepherd’s care.
Away from the tender Shepherd’s care.</poem>

Similarly, "My Hope Is Built" (Edward Mote, c. 1834) is inspired by the parable of the Wise and the Foolish Builders, and "How Kind the Good Samaritan" (John Newton, c. 1779) is inspired by the parable of the Good Samaritan.

A sample Gospel harmony for the parables based on the list of key episodes in the Canonical Gospels is presented in the table below. For the sake of consistency, this table is automatically sub-selected from the main harmony table in the Gospel harmony article, based on the list of key episodes in the Canonical Gospels. Usually, no parables are associated with the Gospel of John, just allegories.

A number of parables have parallels in non-canonical gospels, the Didache, and the letters of Apostolic Fathers . However, given that the non-canonical gospels generally have no time sequence, this table is not a Gospel harmony.




Parable of the Barren Fig Tree

The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree (Luke 13:6–9) written in the New Testament is a parable of Jesus. It is a parable about a fig tree which does not produce fruit, unlike the parable of the budding fig tree.

Then he told this parable:

The owner of the vineyard represents God. The fig tree is a symbol for Jerusalem (and also for Jesus's church). The vineyard where the tree was planted is the earth. The tree was meant to bear the good fruit of the Holy Spirit and the gardener (vinedresser) is Jesus. Fig trees are often planted in vineyards.

The parable indicates Jesus is giving his hearers one last chance to repent their sins. "These three years" refers to the period of his ministry on earth. The parable is connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree. Richard Whately commented that this parable "is one which our Lord may be said to have put before his hearers twice; once in words, once in action."

Parable of the Budding Fig Tree

The Parable of the Budding Fig Tree is a parable of Jesus. It is written in the New Testament in Matthew 24:32-35, Mark 13:28-31 and Luke 21:29-33. The parable compares the Kingdom of God with a budding fig tree, the opposite of the barren fig tree.

He told them this parable:
This eschatological parable follows the Olivet discourse in Luke 21:5-28 (and Matthew 24 and Mark 13). New buds appear on the branches of trees when Winter ends. The buds open into blossoms and green leaves in Spring. Fruit starts to appear as Summer arrives. When the signs of the end of the age start to happen, it means Jesus will return soon.

Counting the cost

Counting the cost is the name of a pair of parables Jesus told. The two parables are written in the New Testament in Luke 14:25-33.

Large crowds were travelling with Jesus, and turning to them he said:
The disciples of Jesus gave up everything they had for the kingdom of God, even their lives. To follow "God's salvific aim" meant to put family and possessions in second place. Christians believe the cost of being a disciple is worth the promised rewards.

Parable of Drawing in the Net

The Parable of Drawing in the Net is a parable of Jesus written in the New Testament in Matthew 13:47–52. It is a parable about the final judgment. It is the seventh and last parable in the chapter which began with the Parable of the Sower.

The parable:
It is, like The Tares and the Wheat and The Sheep and the Goats, a parable about the final judgment. Here, the edible fish must be separated from the inedible fish after they caught with a net.

Four of his disciples were fishermen and Jesus spoke using imagery they understood. Because it is a parable about the end of the age, a modern interpretation can be considered, with the net representing the Internet. Jesus's next words about old and new treasures indicated he did have in mind a future time. At that time, "true teachers of the kingdom display the kingdom's treasure for all to see."

Parable of the Faithful Servant

The Parable of the Faithful Servant (or Parable of the Door Keeper) is a parable of Jesus written in the New Testament in Matthew 24:42-51, Mark 13:34-37, and Luke 12:35-48.

The parable:

The parable immediately precedes the Parable of the Ten Virgins in the Matthew 25. It means "be prepared and remain alert." The exact time of Jesus' Second Coming is unknown.

The bridegroom is Jesus Christ. The wedding banquet is his wedding banquet. The advice is for the church, his bride, while she waits for him. He has chosen her. "That privilege brings responsibility and that responsibility entails accountability." Priests will be judged more severely than pagans who never heard of Jesus.

Parable of the Friend at Night

The Parable of the Friend at Night (Importunate Neighbour), is a parable of Jesus written in the New Testament in Luke 11:5-8. A man refuses to help his neighbour during an emergency at midnight. His neighbour persists in asking until he changes his mind.

The parable:

Based on the Parable of the Ten Virgins, the unexpected arrival of the neighbour's guest at midnight could mean it is Jesus himself.

Jesus told this parable after he taught his disciples how to pray the Lord's Prayer. 

The most famous depiction of this parable is "The Importunate Neighbour" (1895) by William Holman Hunt, kept at the National Gallery of Victoria, Australia.

Onon (river)

The Onon gol (Mongolian: Онон гол, Russian: Онон) is a river in Mongolia and Russia. It is 818 km long. Its watershed is 94,010 km. It starts at the Khentii Mountains, on the Eastern slopes. 298 km of the river is in Mongolia. It has a confluence (the place where two rivers join together) with the Ingoda River. When they meet, it makes the Shilka River. People believe that Genghis Khan was born near the upper Onon and he grew up there. The rivers Onon—Shilka—Amur makes one of the world's ten longest rivers (their lengths, in order: 818 km, 560 km, 2,874 km).

Entscheidungsproblem

The Entscheidungsproblem (German, "decision problem") is a famous problem of mathematics and computer science. David Hilbert formulated the problem in 1928: Is there an algorithm that will take a formal language, and any logical statement in that language, and that will output "True" or "False", depending on the truth value of the statement? The algorithm does not tell how it reaches the answer, nor prove it, as long as the answer is always correct.

In 1936 and 1937, Alonzo Church and Alan Turing showed independently that no algorithm can satisfy the Entscheidungsproblem. That is, they showed that it is impossible for an algorithm to decide whether certain mathematical statements are true or false.

Turing proposes a computer program that can determine if any program given to it will halt. He also proposes another program that halts if the input is loop, and loops if the input is halt. He says to make these two programs one new program. Then, he proposes to feed this new program's code into itself. This means the program thinks it will halt, so it will loop, but then it'll loop, so it'll halt, and so on and so forth. This is a paradox, which means for certain that you cannot write a program to determine if every program will halt or not.

Bessie Coleman

Elizabeth "Bessie" Coleman (January 26, 1892 – April 30, 1926) was the first female African American pilot ever to hold an international pilot license. She fought discrimination to follow her dream of becoming a pilot. She became a skilled barnstormer and aviation educator.

Coleman was born in Texas in 1892. Her mother was African American and her father was Native American. She had two brothers and a young sister. Her parents were sharecroppers. When Coleman was two, her family moved to Waxahachie, Texas where Bessie went to school. She loved reading and was very good at math. Her father hoped to get a job.

Coleman’s father was disturbed by the racial barriers in Texas. He believed that the family would be treated better if they moved to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.

Unable to convince his wife to accompany him, Coleman’s father left the family when she was nine. Around that time, her older brothers grew up and moved away. Coleman’s mother worked as a maid. Coleman helped take care of her younger sister. 

During the cotton harvest, everyone in the family worked in the fields to earn extra money. It was hot, boring work, and during the harvest, African American children could not go to school. Still, Coleman managed to finish all eight grades in the local school. Coleman decided that she wanted to go to college, so she saved her money. In about four years, she had enough money to begin college. A year later, she ran out of money.

At the age of 23, Coleman boarded a train and made the trip to Chicago. She moved in with her brothers and their wives. Coleman took class to learn to become a manicurist, and soon found a job at the White Sox Barber Shop on Chicago's Southside. But Coleman wanted to do something more with her life.

Her friend Robert Abbott told her that she could travel to France to fly. She studied the French language after work at night. She got a new job managing a restaurant and saved her money. Robert Abbot and her friends helped her pay for the trip. In 1920, Coleman went to France on a ship. She learned to be a pilot at the Caudron Brothers' School of Aviation. In 1921, Coleman became the first female African American pilot ever to hold an international pilot license. She earned it from the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale.

Coleman went back to the United States to work as a barnstormer, performing tricks and stunts in her airplane. Barnstormers like Coleman flew planes in loops and figure eights and other patterns while audiences watched. Coleman performed in the United States and Europe. In the 1920s, much of the United States still practiced racial segregation. Coleman refused to perform at places that did not let African Americans watch equally. For one show in Texas, Coleman refused to perform unless the showrunners let everyone in the audience enter through the same gate instead of making one gate for white people and one for black people. She also taught flying lessons and encouraged women to learn to be pilots.

Coleman wanted to open an aviation school in the United States where black students could learn to be pilots.

In April 1926, Coleman and her mechanic, William Will, were practicing for a performance the next day. Will was piloting the plane, when it flipped over and started to dive. Coleman fell out of the plane and was killed. She is buried in Chicago's Lincoln Cemetery.

Coleman is in the Aviation Hall of Fame.

In 1929, William Powell started the Bessie Coleman Aero Club in her honor. The Club promoted aviation among black Americans, and it allowed men and women to join.

In 1995, the U.S. Post Office issued a stamp in her honor. A Chicago street was named after her.



Willie Dixon

William James "Willie" Dixon (July 1, 1915 – January 29, 1992) was an American blues musician, singer, songwriter and bass player. He was one of the founders of Chicago blues. He wrote a lot of songs which are still standards of Chicago blues. (i.e. "Little Red Rooster", "Hoochie Coochie Man", "Evil", "Spoonful", "Back Door Man", "I Just Want to Make Love to You", "I Ain't Superstitious", "My Babe", "Wang Dang Doodle", and "Bring It On Home") The songs are from the 1950s when Dixon worked as producer for Chess Records. He also played upright bass on many of the label's records.
Dixon was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi on July 1, 1915. He learned the blues during his time on prison farms in Mississippi as an early-teenager. Dixon sang bass for The Jubilee Singers, a local gospel group that was often in the program of the local radio station WQBC. He began to change poems he wrote into songs which he sold to local groups.

1936 he went to Chicago like many others from the Mississippi delta. There he begun boxing and won the Illinois State Golden Gloves Heavyweight Championship (Novice Division) in 1937. During his boxing time he met Leonard "Baby Doo" Caston, who convinced him to a musical career. Before the Second World War Dixon sang in different vocal groups. After the war he reunited with Caston and formed the "Big Three Trio".

Dixon signed with Chess Records as a recording artist but soon was involved in the record business. By 1951 he was producer, talent scout, session musician and staff songwriter. He worked with Chuck Berry, Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Otis Rush, Bo Diddley, Joe Louis Walker, Little Walter, Sonny Boy Williamson, Koko Taylor, Little Milton, Eddie Boyd, Jimmy Witherspoon, Lowell Fulson, Willie Mabon, Memphis Slim, Washboard Sam, Jimmy Rogers, and others. By his work with Chuck Berry he was a link between blues and early rock and roll.

From the late 1960s until the middle 1970s, Dixon ran his own record label, Yambo Records. He formed different all star bands which often went on tours in Europe. He also became an advocate for the blues. He founded the Blues Heaven Foundation. The Foundation preserves the blues legacy and secures copyrights and royalties for blues musicians who were often exploited in the past.

In the 1970s and 1980s his health became weaker and weaker because of his diabetes. Dixon died of heart failure in Burbank, California on January 29, 1992.


Legion of Honour

The Legion of Honour () is the highest French award.

It was established by Napoleon Bonaparte on 19 May 1802.

The Order is the highest decoration in France and is divided into five degrees: Chevalier (Knight), Officier (Officer), Commandeur (Commander), Grand Officier (Grand Officer) and Grand Croix (Grand Cross).

The order's motto is "" ('Honour and Country'), and its seat is the "Palais de la Légion d'Honneur" on the left bank of the River Seine in Paris.

Imperial College London

Imperial College London (IC) is a large university in central London. It specialises in business, engineering, medicine and science.

Imperial College was a constituent college of the University of London. It became fully independent in 2007, the 100th anniversary of its founding.

Imperial is among the best universities. It ranks 2nd in the 2015 QS World University Rankings and 9th in the 2015 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. Imperial ranked 22 in the 2014 Shanghai world rankings.

Imperial's faculty and alumni include 15 Nobel laureates, 2 Fields Medalists, 70 Fellows of the Royal Society, 82 Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering and 78 Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences.

Imperial's main campus is in the South Kensington area of Central London. It is on the boundary between the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the City of Westminster. Its main entrance is on Exhibition Road.

IC has a number of other campuses in Central London. With 525,233 square metres, it has the largest working estate of any higher education institution in the UK.

Imperial has around 14,700 full-time students and 3,330 academic and research staff. It had a total income of £694 million in 2009/10, of which £297 million was from research grants and contracts.

Imperial is ranked 26th in the world (and 5th in Europe) in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities, 7th in the world (and 4th in Europe) in the 2010 QS World University Rankings, and 9th in the world (and 3rd in Europe) in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings.

There are currently 14 Nobel Prize winners and two Fields Medal winners amongst Imperial's alumni and current and former faculty.

Imperial is a member of the G5, the League of European Research Universities, Oak Ridge Associated Universities and the Russell Group. It forms part of the 'Golden Triangle' of British universities.

Imperial was formed indirectly by Prince Albert. Under his guidance, the Crown bought land in South Kensington to establish educational and cultural institutions. The area was referred to as "Albertopolis" by sceptics. The area included the Natural History Museum, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Science Museum, the Royal Albert Hall and the Imperial Institute. The Imperial Institute was opened by Queen Victoria, who laid the first brick.


Notes

University of London

The University of London is a university in London, England. It is a federal university made up of 31 affiliates. There are nineteen university institutions and twelve research institutes. 

The headquarters of the university, Senate House, is in Malet Street in the Bloomsbury area of Camden. This is near University College London and the British Museum.

The University of London is the largest university in the UK by number of full-time students, with 135,090 campus-based students and over 45,000 in the University of London International Programmes. 

The constituent colleges are responsible for the teaching, the research or the individual students and staff of the constituent colleges; the university is not. The university is an administrative body responsible for standards, degree examinations and certification. 

The university was first established by a Royal Charter in 1836, which brought together in federation "London University" (now University College London) and "King's College" (now King's College London).

Graduates of the University of London may use the post-nominal letters 'Lond.' or 'Londin.' (both from "Londiniensis") after their degree abbreviations.

The university's biggest colleges are Birkbeck, Goldsmiths, King's College London, the London Business School, Queen Mary, Royal Holloway, SOAS, LSE and UCL.

Founded in 1836, the University at first comprised just two colleges. They were University College London (founded in 1826), which did not apply religious tests to its students, and King's College (founded in 1829), which admitted only members of the Church of England. Therefore, both University College and King's pre-date the University of London, which initially served solely as an examining body for the constituent colleges.

In 1858 the University expanded its role by offering the University of London International Programmes to candidates outside the colleges, the first of its kind in the country. A new headquarters at 6 Burlington Gardens, providing the university with exam halls and offices, was built to accommodate the new role. 

In 1878 the University became the first university in the UK to admit women on equal terms with men. Four female students obtained Bachelor of Arts degrees in 1880 and two obtained Bachelor of Science degrees in 1881, again the first in the country.

Friedrich III of Germany

Friedrich Wilhelm Nikolaus Karl von Hohenzollern (New Palace, Potsdam ; 18 October 1831 - New Palace, Potsdam ; 15 June 1888) was the only son of Wilhelm I.

After his father's death on 9 March 1888 Friedrich Wilhelm became King of Prussia and German Emperor as Friedrich III, but he was already suffering from throat cancer and died after just 99 days on the throne.

On 25 January 1858 he married Princess Victoria of the United Kingdom, eldest child of Queen Victoria and Albert the Prince Consort. They had seven children. The oldest, Friedrich Wilhelm, followed him as King and Emperor.

Friedrich Wilhelm III died of throat cancer in Potsdam. He is buried next to his wife in the Mausoleum of the Friedenskirche in Sanssouci Park, Potsdam.

King's College London

King's College London (King's or KCL) is a large university in London, and a college of the federal University of London.

University College London (1826) was founded before it. However, King's (1829) was the third oldest university in England to get its royal charter.

In 1836 King's became, with University College, one of the two founding colleges of the University of London.

King's is arranged into nine Schools of Study, spread across four Thames-side campuses in central London and one in Denmark Hill, South London.

King's is one of the largest centres for graduate and post-graduate medical teaching and biomedical research in Europe. It is home to six Medical Research Council centres, the most of any British university.

King's has around 18,600 full-time students and 5,030 staff and had a total income of £508 million in 2009/10, of which £144 million was from research grants and contracts.

There are 12 Nobel Prize winners amongst King's alumni and former faculty. King's is ranked 5th nationally and 19th in the world in the 2015 "QS World University Rankings," 7th nationally and 27th in the world in the 2015 "The Times Higher Education World University Rankings "and 7th nationally and 55th in the world in the 2015" "Academic Ranking of World Universities. In September 2010, "The Sunday Times" selected King's as its "University of the Year".
King's is a member of the European University Association and the Russell Group. It forms part of the 'Golden Triangle' of British universities.

Ganggangsullae

Ganggangsullae (Hangul: 강강술래) is a 5,000-year-old traditional Korean dance. It was first used to bring a good harvest and has become a cultural symbol for Korea. The females in Jeollanam-do usually dance this the most. Chuseok, the Korean style holiday a bit like the American Thanksgiving, is often known as the special day for this dance.

The dance is thought to have come from about 5,000 years ago when the Koreans believed that the Sun, Moon, and Earth controlled the world. The people (almost always girls in hanboks) would dance under the brightest full moon of the year in order to bring a good harvest.

In the 16th century, when the Japanese were attacking Korea, Korea's Admiral Yi Sun-sin ordered women to do this dance. He told them to do this because he wanted to trick the Japanese into overestimating them. The women were said to have worn military uniforms and danced on Mount Okmae (옥매산).

On February 15, 1966, ganggangsullae was included in the list of the "Important Cultural Properties of Korea" #8.

Traditionally, this dance performed without any instruments. Young and old women dance in a circle at night under the moonlight. They go outside in hanbok, traditional Korean clothing, hold hands, make a circle, and start rotating clockwise. The lead singer sings a line. Then, the rest of the people all sing, 'ganggangsullae'. Then the lead singer sings another line, and the rest of the people reply, 'ganggangsullae'. This is probably where the name of the song came from. As the dance continues, the tempo of the song can get faster. They sing about their personal hardships, relationships, and wants. During the dance, the women also play some games. The ganggangsullae can last until dawn.


Easter Bilby

The Easter Bilby is an Australian alternative to the Easter Bunny. Bilbies are an endangered species of Australian marsupials. Bilby shaped chocolates are sold in many Australian shops to raise money to help protect the bilbies. 

Author Rose-Marie Dusting wrote a book in 1979 called "Billy, the Aussie Easter Bilby". Some of the money from each book sold goes to helping the bilbies.

The Foundation for Rabbit-Free Australia began to use the Easter Bilby concept in 1991. They wanted to show the damage that rabbits do to the Australian environment. The ideas was taken up by an Easter egg company, Darrell Lea. They give a portion of their profits to the foundation.

Australian children's book author and illustrator Irena Sibley produced three Easter Bilby books between 1994 and 2000 including the best selling "The Bilbies' First Easter".

John Richard Hicks

Sir John Richard Hicks (8 April 1904 – 20 May 1989) was a British economist. He contributed to the fields of consumer demand theory in microeconomics. In 1937, he developed the IS/LM model which summarizes a Keynesian view of macroeconomics. His book "Value and Capital" (1939) significantly extended general-equilibrium and value theory. The compensated demand function is named the Hicksian demand function in memory of him.

He was made a Knight Bachelor in 1964.

In 1972 he received the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences (jointly) for his pioneering contribution to general equilibrium theory and welfare theory.
Hicks died on 20 May 1989 at his home in the Cotswold village of Blockley at the age of 85.

Elizabeth Cotten

Elizabeth "Libba" Cotten (January 5, 1895 – June 29, 1987) was an American blues and folk musician, singer, and songwriter.

She was born as Elizabeth Nevills in Carrboro, North Carolina. She was the youngest of five children of a musical family. At the age of seven she started playing her older brothers banjo. In her early teens she bought her own guitar and started writing own songs. At the age of eleven she wrote a song called "Freight train", which was later her signature song. At the age of 15 she worked as maid along with her mother. Soon after her 15th birthday she married Frank Cotten. They had a daughter named Lillie and Libba gave up music for church and child. They went around in the USA but finally settled in the D.C. area.

After 25 years she became maid in the house of the composer Ruth Crawford Seeger and Charles Seeger. In this musical family she remembered her own guitar playing. Mike Seeger recorded her and the songs were later published as "Folksongs and Instrumentals with Guitar", which was released on Folkways Records. In the early 1960s during the folk revival she played shows with great names like Mississippi John Hurt, John Lee Hooker, and Muddy Waters at venues such as the Newport Folk Festival and the Smithsonian Festival of American Folklife.

She went on touring and recording well into her 80s. In 1984 she won the Grammy Award for "Best Ethnic or Traditional Recording" for her album on Arhoolie Records, "Elizabeth Cotten Live". Her songs were covered by Peter, Paul, and Mary, Jerry Garcia, Bob Dylan, Devendra Banhart, Laura Gibson, Laura Veirs, His Name Is Alive and Taj Mahal. 


Chuck E. Cheese

Chuck E. Cheese is a franchise of arcades and restaurants. Their restaurants have small rides, pizza (a central focus), and arcade / skill games. It was previously called Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theatre (1977–1991).

In most of their stores, they operate animatronic robot characters which sing songs and play instruments.

Created in 1977 in San Jose, California by Atari founder Nolan Bushnell, it started out as Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theatre. In 1984, CEC got bought out by Then-competitor ShowBiz Pizza Place from Topeka, Kansas and changed their corporate name to "ShowBiz Pizza Time". In 1989, Brock Hotel Management(then owners of SPT) sold its "Monterrey's Tex-Mex Cafe" brand to them and spun off SPT into a separate company. In 1991, all ShowBiz and Pizza Time stores re-branded as "Chuck E.Cheese's Pizza" and in 1998 SPT changed their corporate name to "CEC Entertainment". In 1999, CECE bought out their primary competitor, Discovery Zone and in 2014 they bought the "Peter Piper's Pizza" chain. In 2013, CECE got bought by Apollo Global Management as was / is put up for sale.

CECE's headquarters are in Irving, Texas and have 590 CEC store locations worldwide.

In September 2020, it was announced that Chuck E. Cheese is developing a live-action movie and an animated television series.

Rob Halford

Robert John Arthur "Rob" Halford (born 25 August 1951) is an English singer-songwriter. He was born in Sutton Coldfield and raised in Walsall. He is best known as the lead vocalist for the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Judas Priest. He is nicknamed "Metal God". He is also credited as being the first openly gay mainstream heavy metal star when he came out as gay in 1998.

Rob almost exclusively now works with producer Mike Exeter when creating new music having met him whilst working on the Redeemer of Souls album with Judas Priest.






Order of the Indian Empire

The Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire is an order of chivalry founded by Queen Victoria in 1878. The Order includes members of three classes:


No appointments have been made since 1947, the year of Indian independence and the Partition of India. In 2010 the last surviving knight, The Maharaja of Dhrangadhra, died and the order became dormant .

The motto of the Order is "", (Under the auspices of the Empress), a reference to Queen Victoria, the first Empress of India. The Order is the junior British order of chivalry associated with the Empire of India; the senior one is The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India.

The British founded the Order in 1878 to reward British and "native" officials who served in India. The Order originally had only one class (Companion), but a second class, Knights Commander, was added in 1887. The British authorities intended the Order of the Indian Empire as a less exclusive version of the Order of the Star of India (founded in 1861); consequently, many more appointments were made to the former than to the latter.

On 15 February 1887, the Order of the Indian Empire formally became "The Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire" and was divided into two classes: Knights Commander and Companions, with the following first Knights Commander:


However, on 5 January 1888, a further proclamation regarding the Order was made; the Order was expanded from two classes to three - Knight Grand Commander, Knight Commander and Companion. Seven Knights Grand Commander were created; they were:


Normally the highest grade in British orders is Knight Grand Cross, but Knight Grand Commander was chosen for the two Indian awards because of the Christian symbolism of the cross.

Appointments to both Orders stopped after 14 August 1947. The Orders have never been formally abolished, and Queen Elizabeth II remains the Sovereign of the Orders to this day. Today, there are no living members of the order.


The fictional characters Purun Dass (invented by Rudyard Kipling) and Harry Paget Flashman (invented by George MacDonald Fraser) each held a KCIE; Kipling's engineer Findlayson in "The Day's Work" (1908) wants the CIE.

The British Sovereign is the Sovereign of the Order. The Grand Master held the next-most senior rank; the position was held, "ex officio", by the Viceroy of India. Members of the first class were known as "Knights Grand Commanders" rather than "Knights Grand Cross" so as not to offend the non-Christian Indians appointed to the Order.

At the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class, that of Companion. There could be any number of members. In 1887, the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander (50 at any given time) and Companions (no quota). The following year the class of Knight Grand Commander (25 at any given time) was added; the composition of the other two classes remained the same.

British officials and soldiers were eligible for appointment, as were rulers of Indian Princely States. Generally, the rulers of the more important states were appointed Knights Grand Commanders of the Order of the Star of India, rather than of the Order of the Indian Empire. Women, except the princely rulers, could not be members the Order. Female princely rulers were admitted as "Knights" rather than as "Dames" or "Ladies".

As well, other Asian and Middle Eastern rulers were also appointed.


Garden State Parkway

The Garden State Parkway (or Garden State Pkwy) is a toll highway (which means that people must pay to drive on it) that goes through New Jersey from the south end of the state at Cape May to the north end of the state at Montvale, New Jersey. It is 172.4 miles long, and in 2008, was reported to be the busiest toll highway in the United States.

List of revocations of appointments to orders and awarded decorations and medals of the United Kingdom

Anyone who behaves in a way that might bring an order, decoration or medal into disrepute may have the award revoked (cancelled).








David Le Roux (appointed 1990), following his conviction under the Financial Services Act 1986.









Order of the Star of India

The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India is an order of chivalry founded by Queen Victoria in 1861. The Order includes members of three classes:


No appointments have been made since the Partition of India in 1947. The last living knight, The Maharaja of Alwar, died in 2009 and the order became dormant.

The motto of the Order is "Heaven's light our guide". The "Star of India", the emblem of the Order, also appeared on the flag of the Viceroy of India.

The Order is the senior order of chivalry of the Empire of India; the junior order is The Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire, and there was also, for women only the Imperial Order of the Crown of India. It is the fifth-most-senior British order of chivalry, following The Most Noble Order of the Garter, The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick, and The Most Honourable Order of the Bath.

After the Indian Mutiny the British government created a new order of knighthood to honour Indian Princes and Chiefs, as well as British officers and administrators who served in India. On 25 June 1861, Queen Victoria issued a proclamation creating "The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India" to "reward conspicuous merit and loyalty"

The first appointees were:

The Order of the Indian Empire, founded in 1877, was intended to be a less exclusive version of the Order of the Star of India; consequently, many more appointments were made to the former than to the latter.

Appointments to the Orders relating to the British Empire in India ceased after 14 August 1947. The Orders have never been formally abolished and Elizabeth II succeeded her father George VI as Sovereign of the Orders when she ascended the throne in 1952. She remained Sovereign of the Order until her demise. Today, there are no living members of the order:

The British Sovereign was, and still is, Sovereign of the Order. The next-most senior member was the Grand Master; the position was held, "ex officio", by the Viceroy of India. When the Order was established in 1861, there was only one class of Knights Companions, who bore the postnominals KSI. In 1866, however, it was expanded to three classes. Members of the first class were known as "Knights Grand Commanders", rather than "Knights Grand Cross", so as not to offend the non-Christian Indians appointed to the Order. All those surviving members who had already been made Knights Companions of the Order were made Knights Grand Commanders.

Former Viceroys and other high officials, as well as those who served in the Department of the Secretary of State for India for at least thirty years were eligible for appointment. Rulers of Indian Princely States were also eligible for appointment to the Order. Some states were of such importance that their rulers were almost always appointed Knights Grand Commanders; such rulers included the Nizam of Hyderabad, the Maharaja of Mysore, the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir, the Maharaja of Baroda, the Maharajas of Gwalior, the Nawab of Bhopal, the Maharaja of Indore, the Maharana of Udaipur, the Maharaja of Travancore, the Maharana of Jodhpur and the Maharao of Cutch.

Kashi Naresh Prabhu Narayan Singh of Benares was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (KCIE) in 1892, Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (GCIE) in 1898, and Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India (GCSI) for his services in the First World War in the 1921 New Year Honours.

Rulers of other nations in Asia and the Middle East, including the Emir of Kuwait, the Maharajas of the Rana dynasty, the Khedive of Egypt, the King of Bhutan and the rulers of Zanzibar, Bahrain and Oman were also appointed to the Order. Like some rulers of princely states, some rulers of particular prestige, for example the Maharajas of the Rana dynasty or the Sultans of Oman, were usually appointed Knights Grand Commanders.

Women, who were not princely rulers, could not be members of the Order. They were, admitted as "Knights", rather than as "Dames" or "Ladies". The first woman to be admitted to the Order was HH Nawab Sikandar Begum Sahiba, Nawab Begum of Bhopal; she was created a Knight Companion at the Order's foundation in 1861. The Order's statutes were specially amended to permit the admission of Queen Mary as a Knight Grand Commander in 1911.


Josh Hamilton

Joshua Holt Hamilton (born May 21, 1981, in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American professional baseball player who is currently a free agent. He has played for the Cincinnati Reds, Texas Rangers, and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball (MLB). In the 2010 season he was named American League MVP. He chose to play for the Angels after they offered him a 5-year contract, worth $125 million.

On April 27, 2015, the Angels traded Hamilton back to the Rangers.

Run batted in

Runs batted in or RBI is a statistic used in baseball and softball to credit a batter when the outcome of his at bat results in a run being scored, except in certain situations such as when an error is made on the play.

The official rulebook of Major League Baseball states in Rule 10.04:

Base on balls

A base on balls (BB) is given to a batter and against a pitcher in baseball statistics when a batter receives four pitches that the umpire calls "balls". It is also known as a walk.

Another version of base on balls is called intentional base on balls (IBB) or intentional walk. This is when the pitcher deliberately pitches the ball away from the batter in order to issue a base on balls. As with any other walk, an intentional walk entitles the batter to first base without being able to be put out, and entitles any runners to advance if forced. Intentional walks are a strategic defensive maneuver, usually done to bypass one hitter for one the defensive team believes is less likely to initiate a run-scoring play (e.g., a home run, sacrifice fly, or RBI base hit), or to set up a double play or force out situation for the next batter. They do carry an inherent risk, however, as they give the offensive team another runner on base, without any effort on their part, who could potentially score a run.

Martin St. Louis

Martin St. Louis (; born June 18, 1975) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning and the New York Rangers as well as the HC Lausanne of the National League A (NLA).

St. Louis played college hockey at the University of Vermont for the Catamounts where he also played on the same team as former Boston Bruins goaltender Tim Thomas and former NHL player Éric Perrin. He has also played 2 seasons with the Calgary Flames and 13 seasons with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

On March 5, 2014, the Lightning traded St. Louis to the New York Rangers for New York captain Ryan Callahan, a 2015 first-round draft pick, and a conditional 2014 second-round pick.

St. Louis is married to his wife Heather Coragol and they have three sons, Ryan, Lucas and Mason.


Campden tablets

Campden tablets are used by people making their own beer, wine, or cider. The tablets kill yeast, making better yeast to be added later for better drinks. 5 of them in 1 pint of water makes a cleaning liquid that can be used to clean the equipment. They are made from sulfur. They were invented in Gloucestershire in the 1920s, but Boots Co. made them better. They can also be used to get rid of chlorine in tap water, making it safer to drink. 

Meguro

The municipality calls itself "Meguro City" in English.

As of December 31, 2007, the ward has an estimated population of 259,968 and a density of 17,685 persons per km². The total area is 14.70 km².

The ward was founded on March 15, 1947.

The area now known as Meguro was originally two towns. One was called Meguro, and the other was called Hibusuma. Both used to be parts of the Ebara District of Musashi Province. The two were combined to create Meguro ward for Tokyo City in 1932. The ward area has not changed since then.

The number of people living in Meguro has not changed over the last forty years. The high was almost 300,000 people in 1970, and the low was under 250,000 in 1995. See the census information below.

There are four other special wards next to Meguro. They are Shibuya (to the northeast), Setagaya (to the west), Ōta (to the south) and Shinagawa (to the southeast).

There are many embassies from African nations in the ward.






Wilhelm scream

The Wilhelm scream is a movie and television sound effect first used in 1951 for the movie "Distant Drums". The effect became popular again (its use often becoming an in-joke) after it was used in "Star Wars" and many other movies as well as television shows and video games. The scream is often used when someone is shot, falls from a great height, or is thrown from an explosion.

The sound is named for Private Wilhelm, a character in "The Charge at Feather River", a 1953 western in which the character is shot with an arrow. This was believed to be the third movie to use the sound effect. It was the first use of the sound from the Warner Brothers sound library.

The sound effect comes from a series of sound effects made for the 1951 movie "Distant Drums". In a scene from the movie, soldiers are walking through a swamp in the Everglades. One of them is bitten and dragged underwater by an alligator. The scream for that scene was recorded later in one take. The sound was labeled as "man getting bit by an alligator, and he screams." 

The Wilhelm scream began to become popular when Benjamin Burtt Jr. found the original recording (which he found labeled as "Man being eaten by alligator") and put it into a scene in "". Burtt is credited with naming the scream after Private Wilhelm (after a soldier in "The Charge at Feather River" who was shot by an arrow and screamed). Over the next decade, Burtt began using the effect in other films he worked on. This included most projects with George Lucas or Steven Spielberg. It is used in all of the Indiana Jones movies. Other sound designers picked up on the effect, and use of the sound in movies became a tradition in the community of sound designers.

Research by Burtt shows that actor and singer Sheb Wooley, best known for his song "Flying Purple People Eater" in 1958, is likely to have been the voice actor who first performed the scream. This has been supported by an interview in 2005 with Linda Dotson, Wooley's widow. Burtt discovered records at Warner Brothers from the editor of "Distant Drums". These records include a short list of names of actors scheduled to record lines of dialogue for roles in the movie. Wooley played the uncredited role of Private Jessup in "Distant Drums." He was one of the few actors used for the recording of more vocal parts for the movie. Wooley performed more sound effects, including the screams for a man being bitten by an alligator. Dotson confirmed that it was Wooley's scream that had been in so many westerns, adding, "He always used to joke about how he was so great about screaming and dying in films."

The Wilhelm scream has become a cinematic sound cliché. By 2008 it had been used in many works, including over 216 movies, television shows and video games . Some directors, most notably George Lucas, include it in almost every one of their productions. 

In 2010, a Wilhelm Scream App was released on the Apple iPhone. As of 2011, it is still free to download.

The second single by British artist James Blake was called "The Wilhelm Scream" and was released in 2011.


Vitacura

Vitacura is a commune and city of Santiago Province, Chile. According to the Chilean census on 2002, Vitacura has an area of and 81,499 inhabitants.

The name of this city is in honor to the cacique called "Vitacura" who was collaborator of the Spanish conqueror Pedro de Valdivia.


Verandah

A veranda or verandah is a porch or long, open room with a roof over it. It can be an open area with a roof that is built around a building at the center. It usually has a line of columns or pillars holding up the roof. There is often a railing around the outside. Verandahs often cover the whole front and sides of a building.

The word Veranda came to English through India by way of an Indo-Portuguese creole, the word itself comes from the Portuguese "varanda" which means "long balcony or terrace".

The veranda has been an important part of local Australian architecture. It began to become common in colonial buildings during the 1850s.

The Creole Townhouse in New Orleans, Louisiana is also noted for its prominent use of verandas.



Shinagawa

As of 2008, the ward has an estimated population of 344,461 and a density of 15,740 persons per km². The total area is 22.72 km².

The ward was founded on March 15, 1947 by combining Ebara Ward with the older Shinagawa Ward. Both Ebara Ward and Shinagawa Ward had been created in 1932 when Tokyo City expanded after the Great Kantō earthquake.

Shinagawa is a transport hub with the busy Shinagawa Station nearby in Minato Ward.

Shinagawa is run by a city assembly of 40 elected members.



Tokyo Metropolitan Government Board of Education operates two special colleges in Shinagawa:

Shinagawa has sister-city relationships with Auckland in New Zealand, Geneva in Switzerland, and Portland, Maine in the United States.



Ass to mouth

Ass to mouth is a common term that describes one partner removing his penis from the anus, and inserting it into his partner's or another person's mouth.

Amalie Arena

The Amalie Arena is an arena in Tampa, Florida, that has been used for ice hockey, basketball, and arena football games, as well as concerts.

It is home to the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League and the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League.

The area has previously been called The Ice Palace (19996-2011) and Tampa Bay Times Forum (2012-2014).

The arena, in Downtown Tampa's Channelside District was a secondary location chosen after the failure of Tampa Coliseum Inc. to secure funding to construct an arena on Tampa Sports Authority land near Tampa Stadium. It opened in 1996 as the Ice Palace. Its first event was a performance by the Royal Hanneford Circus. The first hockey game was the Lightning hosting the New York Rangers, which the Lightning won by a score of 5–2.

The arena was built as a new home for the Lightning after the club outgrew the older, smaller Expo Hall at the Florida State Fairgrounds. Prior to the opening of the Ice Palace, the Lightning moved to the Florida Suncoast Dome, which was nicknamed the "Thunderdome," in St. Petersburg, Florida, joining the Tampa Bay Storm, in 1994. Upon the completion of the Ice Palace, both the Lightning and the Storm, moved in. The Thunderdome, now named Tropicana Field, is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.

Control of the venue has changed hands three times since the building's opening in 1996. The lease agreement ties the arena to the ownership of the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Naming rights to the Ice Palace were sold to the "St. Petersburg Times", a daily newspaper sold throughout the Tampa Bay Area. In January 2012, the arena name changed to Tampa Bay Times Forum once the newspaper renamed itself the "Tampa Bay Times".

On September 3, 2014, Tampa Bay Lightning owner Jeff Vinik announced that the arena would be renamed Amalie Arena after they came to an agreement with Amalie Oil Company, an oil company based in Tampa. Other entertainment events occasionally held in the Arena include concerts, NBA games, USF Basketball and NCAA Tournament games, tennis, professional wrestling, boxing, figure skating, and rodeos (as well as stand-alone bull riding events; the Arena has hosted an event by the PBR's premier tour, the Bud Light Cup (renamed Built Ford Tough Series in 2003), annually since 1998.)

The building hosted the 1999 NHL All-Star Game, World Wrestling Federation "Survivor Series 2000", and games of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament in 2003, 2008 and 2011. The Arena hosted 4 of the 7 games during the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals, as the Lightning defeated the Calgary Flames 4 games to 3 to win their first Stanley Cup. The Arena also hosted ArenaBowl XII (1998) and ArenaBowl XVII (2003) and the 2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament.

The Arena hosted the 2008 NCAA Women's Division I Final Four Basketball Tournament on April 6–8. Tennessee beat Stanford, 64-48. In 2009, the Arena hosted the Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.

In 2009, Britney Spears performed at the Arena for her "The Circus Starring Britney Spears" tour. The show is also notable for a wardrobe malfunction and the remark, "Okay, my pussy is hanging out of this fucking --", after she performed "I'm a Slave 4 U" and didn't realize that her mic was still on. The incident later received notable attention and has received thousands of views on YouTube.

In 2012, Amalie Arena hosted the NCAA Men's Hockey Frozen Four championship finals; this was the first time the "Frozen Four" was held outside the northern US since 1999, when the University of Alaska Anchorage hosted the event at the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim, now the Honda Center, in Anaheim, California. The Frozen Four was hosted by the University of Alabama in Huntsville, the nearest NCAA hockey team to Florida.

WWE Raw and WWE SmackDown has been held at the arena numerous times. WWE held their three-hour event inside of the Arena where Raw hosted their 800th episode celebration on November 3, 2008. WWE returned to the Arena once again for the December 21st edition of Raw where former New York Yankees and current Tampa Bay Rays player Johnny Damon served as the Guest Host at the time he was a free agent. For the first time in three years, SmackDown returned to Amalie Arena for the June 8, 2010 edition.

Tampa also hosted WWE Extreme Rules on May 1, 2011; it was the arena's first WWE PPV since Survivor Series 2000 in 11 years as it was originally scheduled to take place at the Amway Center in Orlando.

Amalie Arena hosted the 2012 Republican National Convention.


Piedmont blues

Piedmont blues (also called East Coast Blues) is a blues music style from the East Coast of the USA. The name came from the Piedmont, a hilly coastal area between Richmond, Virginia and Atlanta, Georgia. But the style is also played in Maryland, Delaware, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Florida.

The main instruments are guitar, vocals, drums and bass. The Piedmont style is played on acoustic instruments. The main difference to the Delta blues is the ragtime based rhythm. The style is influenced by ragtime, country string bands, traveling medicine shows and popular song of the early 20th century. East Coast Piedmont Blues blended both black and white, rural and urban song elements in the diverse urban centers of the Southeast and mid-Atlantic region. In contrast to Delta blues, the Piedmont blues were influenced by white music.

In the early twentieth century artists such as Blind Boy Fuller, Blind Blake, Blind Willie McTell, Rev. Gary Davis and Sonny Terry made Piedmont blues popular. Women also played the Piedmont guitar style, including Etta Baker and Elizabeth Cotten, whose “Freight Train” is one of the most recognized Piedmont tunes. Before the Second World War Piedmont blues was a style that was very popular with the African-Americans of the South. The heyday was the 1920s and 1930s.








Sportverein Austria Salzburg

The Sportverein Austria Salzburg (shortly SV Austria Salzburg) is an Austrian footballclub based in Salzburg. The club was founded in 2005 after the Red Bull takover of the old Austria Salzburg.
The club was founded in September 2005 after the Red Bull takover of the 1933 founded club SV Austria Salzburg. Due to differences about the new club supporters left the now socalled FC Red Bull Salzburg and founded SV Austria Salzburg. Role models were the fanbiased English clubs AFC Wimbledon and FC United of Manchester. The club claims to preserve the tradition of SV Austria Salzburg.

The season 2005/06 they played together with PSV Schwarz-Weiß in the Salzburger Landesliga (4th class) but at the end of the season the cooperation ended. The club has to start in the 7. class of Austrian football. The first match of the new SV Austria Salzburg was played on 29 July 2006 against "Lieferinger SV", another football club from the city of Salzburg. SV Austria Salzburg won 6–0.But the following seasons they won the classes they played in so they play the season 2010/11 in the Regionalliga West, which is the 3rd class of Austrian league system.

In the 2014–15 season the club was promoted to the First League, the second tier of Austrian football. The promotion to the First League forced the club into debt of €900,000 by November 2015. It was caused by an increased budget for the players and a security requirement In November 2015 they were fined €40,000 and had 6 points deducted. This was due to their failure to adhere to the league's stadium requirements. The same year they were relegated.

Now Austria Salzburg is playing in the Regionalliga Salzburg (3rd level).



Tim Hunt

Sir Richard Timothy Hunt , (born 19 February 1943 in Neston, Cheshire), is an English biochemist. He is usually known as Tim Hunt.

Hunt shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on cell division.
The prize was shared with Paul Nurse and Leland H. Hartwell. They had discovered the molecules which control cell division.

Cyclins are proteins that play a key role in regulating the cell-division cycle. Hunt found that cyclins begin to be synthesised after eggs are fertilised. He also found that cyclins are present in vertebrate cells, where they also regulate the cell cycle.

At the age of eight he was accepted into the Dragon School, where he first developed an interest in biology thanks to his German teacher, Gerd Sommerhoff.

When he was fourteen he moved to Magdalen College School, Oxford, where the science prizes now bear his name.

In 1961, Hunt was accepted into Clare College, Cambridge to study natural sciences, graduating in 1964 and immediately beginning work in the university Department of Biochemistry.

He finished his PhD in 1968 and went to New York to work on protein synthesis. Tiny amounts of glutathione inhibited protein synthesis in reticulocytes (immature red blood cells), and tiny amounts of RNA killed the synthesis altogether. After returning to Cambridge he continued work on substances which started or inhibited protein synthesis.

In 1982 at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, he used the sea urchin ("Arbacia punctulata") egg as his model organism. He discovered the cyclin molecule. 

Hunt found that cyclins are present in vertebrate cells where they regulate the cell cycle. His group showed that cyclins bind and activate a family of protein kinases. One of these had been identified as a crucial cell cycle regulator by Paul Nurse.

In 1990 he began work at Imperial Cancer Research Fund. In 2001 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland Hartwell and Paul Nurse for their work on cell division. Other honours followed, and he was knighted by the Queen in 2006.

Hunt is married to Mary Collins. The couple have two daughters.


Christ Church, Oxford

Christ Church is one of the largest colleges of the University of Oxford. The college was founded by Henry VIII in 1546. 

As well as being a college, Christ Church is also the cathedral church of the diocese of Oxford, namely Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford. 
Christ Church has produced thirteen British prime ministers. This is equal to the number produced by all 45 other Oxford colleges put together, and two short of the total number for the University of Cambridge (fifteen).
The college is the setting for parts of Evelyn Waugh's "Brideshead Revisited", as well as Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". More recently it has been used in the filming of the movies of J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series and also the movie adaptation of Philip Pullman's novel "Northern Lights" (the movie bearing the title of the US edition of the book, "The Golden Compass"). 
Distinctive features of the college's architecture have been used as models by a number of other academic institutions. The University of Chicago and Cornell University both have reproductions of Christ Church's dining hall. Christ Church Cathedral, New Zealand, after which the City of Christchurch is named, is itself named after Christ Church, Oxford. Stained glass windows in the cathedral and other buildings are by the Pre-Raphaelite William Morris group with designs by Edward Burne-Jones.
The college has admitted female students since 1978.

Roman Wallner

Roman Wallner (born 4 February 1982 in Graz, Styria) is a former Austrian footballer. He played as striker.
He started playing football in his hometown Graz for Sturm Graz, the next year he played for SK Rapid Wien. He played for Rapid from 1999 till 2004 and shot 42 goals in 134 matches. Roman Wallner also played for Hannover 96, Admira Wacker, Austria Vienna, Falkirk, Hamilton Academical, Apollon Kalamarias and Skoda Xanthi. After his years in Greece he came back to Austria playing for LASK Linz. Because he had also personal problems during his time in foreign countries the contract with LASK was his last chance to gain success in football. He played this year very successfully and scored 19 goals for LASK and Red Bull Salzburg where he went in winter 2010. In the 2010/11 season he was the best scorer for Red Bull Salzburg with 18 goals in the league and 4 goals in international matches.

He started his career in 2001 in the World Cup qualification match versus Liechtenstein.Since then he scored 7 goals in 29 matches.
!Total||29||7


Radha

Radha is a Hindu goddess and the chief consort of Krishna. She is worshiped as the goddess of love, compassion, tenderness and devotion. Radha is the avatar of goddess Lakshmi and is also considered as the "Hladini shakti" or feminine counterpart of Krishna. Every year, Radha's birth anniversary is celebrated as "Radhashtami".

In many Vaishnavism traditions including - Gaudiya Vaishnavism, Pushtimarg, Nimbark sampradaya, Vaishnav Sahijya, Swaminarayan sampradaya, Radha-vallabh sampradaya, Manipuri Vaishnavism and Mahanam sampradaya, Radha is revered as the supreme goddess and is worshiped along with Krishna.

Radha is the prominent Hindu deity and has significant influence on the Indian culture, paintings, performance arts and literary works. Gita Govinda is the popular literary work based on Radha and Krishna which has further inspired other literary works, paintings and dance forms including classical Manipuri dance.

Franz Schiemer

Franz "Fränky" Schiemer (born March 21, 1986, in Haag am Hausruck, Upper Austria) wasan Austrian footballer who played as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He started in his local club Taufkirchen as striker in the youth ranks.For SV Ried he made his professional debut in the 2003/04 season at the age of 17. With the U17 national team he was 3rd in the UEFA - European Championship 2003. 2005 he joined FK Austria Wien. With this club he reached his first Championsship. 2009 he joined FC Red Bull Salzburg, where he signed till 2012. He played all position in the defence and reached 2010 with Red Bull Salzburg his second Championship.
In 2014 he retired due to often injuries.

Lake Geneva

Lake Geneva (, , or "Genfer See") is the second largest lake in Central Europe. The lake forms the border between France and Switzerland. About three fifths are in Switzerland. In total, it is about 580 km in size. At its deepest point it is 310 m deep, which makes it France's deepest lake. The biggest contributing river is the Rhone, other important tributaries are the Dranse, the Venoge and the Aubonne. The Rhone traverses the lake, and exits at Geneva. On average, its waters take 11.4 years to traverse the lake. Other than Geneva, important Swiss cities at the lakeshore are Lausanne, Montreux and Vevey. The biggest French city at the lakeshore is Thonon-les-Bains, the best known is Évian-les-Bains.

There are six small islands in the lake:

The Pierres du Niton are two erratic stones in the lake in Geneva. They were deposited there during the last ice age.

Audi A6

The Audi A6 is an automobile produced by Audi. It replaced the Audi 100 in 1994, and entered its fourth generation in 2011.

It is available in both sedan and station wagon bodystyles. It is also available in SUV bodystyle, called Audi Q7 quattro.

King Diamond

King Diamond (born Kim Bendix Petersen, Copenhagen, Denmark, on June 14, 1956) is a Grammy Award-nominated heavy metal musician. As a vocalist, he is known for his extensive vocal range, in particular his usage of falsetto. He is the lead vocalist for both bands Mercyful Fate and King Diamond.


Volkswagen Eos

The Volkswagen Eos is a car produced by Volkswagen since 2006. It replaced in 2001 the discontinued Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet.


Jesus College, Oxford

Jesus College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. 

The college was founded by Elizabeth I on 27 June 1571 for the education of clergy, though students now study a broad range of secular subjects. 

A major driving force behind the establishment of the college was Hugh Price (or Ap Rhys), a churchman and lawyer from Brecon in Wales. The college continues to be associated informally with Wales to this day. 

The oldest buildings, in the first quadrangle, date from the 16th and early 17th centuries; a second quadrangle was added between about 1640 and about 1713, and a third quadrangle was built in about 1906. Further accommodation was built on the main site to mark the 400th anniversary of the college, in 1971, and student flats have been constructed at sites in north and east Oxford.

The life of the college was disrupted by the English Civil War. Little happened at the college during the 18th century, and the 19th century saw a decline in numbers and academic standards. 

Reforms of Oxford University after two Royal Commissions in the latter half of the 19th century led to removal of many of the restrictions placed on the college's fellowships and scholarships. This meant the college was no longer mostly Welsh students and academics. Students' academic achievements rose in the early 20th century as fellows were appointed to teach in new subjects. Women were first admitted in 1974 and now form a large part of the undergraduate population.

There are about 475 students. The Principal of the college is Lord Krebs, the son of the Nobel Prize winner Hans Krebs. Former students include Harold Wilson (twice British Prime Minister), Norman Washington Manley (Chief Minister of Jamaica) and T.E. Lawrence ("Lawrence of Arabia"). 

The university's Chair (professorship) of Celtic is attached to the college.

Nosferatu

Nosferatu eine Symphonie des Grauens (translation: "Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror") is a 1922 German silent horror movie by F. W. Murnau. It was based on the "Dracula" novel by Bram Stoker.

The movie was shot in 1921 and was released in Germany in 1922 and in the US in 1929. It is about a vampire or "Nosferatu" named Count Orlok (starring Max Schreck) who lives in a castle on top of a hill. The movie is in the public domain in America but not in Germany.

The movie was a commercial failure and caused the company Prana Film to be shut down due to copyright infringement. The movie was the only movie by Prana Film.

The movie got a strong cult following. Not only this, the movie has received overwhelmingly positive reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes it got a "Certified Fresh" label: 98% of critics gave the film a positive review with a "fresh" rating, based on 46 reviews.

In 2010, it was ranked twenty-first in "Empire" magazine's "The 100 Best Films of World Cinema".


In 1838, Thomas Hutter lives in the fictional German city of Wisborg. His mysterious employer, estate agent Herr Knock, sends Hutter to Transylvania to visit a new client named Count Orlok who plans to buy a house in Wisborg. Hutter entrusts his loving wife Ellen to his good friend Harding and Harding's sister Annie, before embarking on his long journey. Nearing his destination in the Carpathian Mountains, Hutter stops at an inn for dinner. The locals become frightened by the mere mention of Orlok's name and discourage him from traveling to his castle at night, warning of a werewolf on the prowl.

The next morning, Hutter takes a coach to a high mountain pass, but the coachman declines to take him any further than the bridge as nightfall is approaching. A black-swathed coach appears after Hutter crosses the bridge and the coachman gestures for him to climb aboard. Hutter is welcomed at a castle by Count Orlok. When Hutter is eating dinner and accidentally cuts his thumb, Orlok tries to suck the blood out, but his repulsed guest pulls his hand away.

Hutter wakes up to a deserted castle the morning after and notices fresh punctures on his neck which, in a letter he sends by courier on horseback to be delivered to his devoted wife, he attributes to mosquitoes. That night, Orlok signs the documents to purchase the house across from Hutter's own home in Wisborg and notices a photo of Hutter's wife, remarking that she has a "lovely neck."

"Nosferatu" is Prana Film's only production. Prana Film was founded 1921 by Enrico Dieckmann and Albin Grau. Grau had the idea to shoot a vampire film; the inspiration arose from Grau's war experience: in the winter of 1916, a Serbian farmer told him that his father was a vampire and one of the Undead.

Diekmann and Grau gave Henrik Galeen a job to screenplay inspired from Bram Stoker's 1897 novel "Dracula", despite Prana Film not having rights to the film. Galeen was an experienced specialist in Dark romanticism ; he had already worked on "Der Student von Prag" ("The Student of Prague") in 1913, and the screenplay for 1920's "Der Golem, wie er in die Welt kam" ("The Golem: How He Came into the World"). Galeen set the story in a fictional north German harbour town named Wisborg and changed the character names. He added the idea of the vampire bringing the plague to Wisborg via rats on the ship. He left out the Van Helsing vampire hunter character. Galeen's German Expressionism screenplay was poetically rhythmic, without being so dismembered as other books influenced by literary Expressionism, such as those by Carl Mayer. Lotte Eisner described Galeen's screenplay as """" ("full of poetry, full of rhythm").

Dieckmann and Gray won the director Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau, who made movies until 1919, but had made ​​his first seven productions a reputation as a talented filmmaker. Gray, who had studied at the Art Academy in Dresden, took over as artistic director and designed sets and costumes. For the soundtrack of the musical director of the Prana-Film Hans Erdmann was responsible. The unknown stage actor Max Schreck from Munich, was committed for the title role. Other roles took on expressionist theater of Max Reinhardt trained actors like Greta Schröder, Gustav von Wangenheim, and Alexander Granach, a former classmate at Murnau Reinhardt's acting school at the Deutsches Theater.
Filming began in July 1921. Exterior shots were filmed in Wismar. A take from Marienkirche's tower over Wismar marketplace with the Wasserkunst Wismar served as the establishing shot for the Wisborg scene. Other locations were the Wassertor, the Heiligen-Geist-Kirche yard and the harbour. In Lübeck, the abandoned Salzspeicher served as Nosferatu's new Wisborg house, the one of the churchyard from Aegidienkirche served as Hutters and down the Depenau "coffin bearers" beared coffins. Many walks of Lübeck took place in the hunt of "Knock" who ordered Hutter in the "Yard of Füchting" to meet the earl. Further exterior shots followed in Lauenburg, Rostock and on Sylt. The film team travelled to the Carpathian Mountains, where Orava Castle served as backdrop for Orlok's half-ruined castle. Nearby locations also served: Hutter's stay at Dolný Kubín; the river journey with the coffins filmed on the Váh River; and the panoramas of the High Tatras mountain range. The team filmed interior shots at the JOFA studio in Berlin's Johannisthal locality. and further exteriors in the Tegel forest. Parts of the film set in Transylvania were also shot in Slovakia.

For cost reasons, cameraman Fritz Arno Wagner only had one camera available, and therefore there was only one original negative. The director followed Galeen's screenplay carefully, following handwritten instructions on camera positioning, lighting, and related matters. Nevertheless, Murnau completely rewrote 12 pages of the script, as Galeen's text was missing from the director's working script. This concerned the last scene of the film, in which Ellen sacrifices herself and the vampire dies in the first rays of the Sun. Murnau prepared carefully; there were sketches that were to correspond exactly to each filmed scene, and he used a metronome to control the pace of the acting.

Since the camera was mostly static and immobile to Nosferatu, Murnau used movement and differentiation within the rigid cadre in order to energize the scene. As Orloks ship slowly moves from right to left through the movie screen, Murnau used this so Eisner's "powerful effect[s] of the impression of transverse motion." would stress education. This served the same purpose subjectifications of the camera view, such as when the vampire filmed on the ship from the frog perspective or stand looking out of windows, parts of the frame and shoots into view . The highlight of the subjectivated gaze are the scenes in which the vampire character - directly facing the camera - turns to the audience and thus the fourth wall is broken: "The vampire seems by its immensity, the dimensions of the screen to blow up and the viewers to directly threaten "

Shortly before the premiere, an advertisement campaign was placed in issue 21 of the magazine "Bühne und Film", with a summary, scene and work photographs, production reports and essays including a treatment on vampirism by Albin Grau. Nosferatu's preview premiered on 4 March 1922 in the "Marmorsaal" of the Berlin Zoological Garden. This was planned as a large society evening called ' (Festival of Nosferatu), and guests were asked to arrive dressed in Biedermeier costume. The cinema premiere itself took place on 15 March 1922 at Berlin's .

This was Prana Film's only movie because the movie was a financial failure as a limited release. The UFA refused to take the film in the program of their large movie theaters, and so Nosferatu was only shown in a few small theaters. This was also because Bram Stoker had an estate, acting for his widow, Florence Stoker, sueing for copyright infringement and winning. The court ordered all existing prints of "Nosferatu" burned, but one purported copy of the film had already been distributed around the world. These prints were duplicated over the years.

Despite the movie's failure and Prana Film's bankruptcy in 1922, the film received critically positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes says that 98% of critical reviews were positive (53 out of a total 55 reviews) with an average rating of 3.9/5, stating, "One of the silent era's most influential masterpieces, Nosferatu's eerie, gothic feel -- and a chilling performance from Max Schreck as the vampire -- set the template for the horror films that followed."

Roger Ebert called it "more effective for being" a "silent" film. He concluded,

Ulrich Gregor and Enno Patalas evaluate "Nosferatu" as a quantum leap in Murnau's cinematic work for being "visible for the first time in any setting." Thomas Elsaesser says the appeal of the film from the conflict between technical perfection and its mainly psychological acting subject: "Murnau's poetry, the result was a detached, almost clinical application of technical mastery German photography and camera work in an emotionally charged, with deep-seated fears and feelings related topics". The dream-like, the subconscious appealing presentation give the film a "shadow only decipherable, hidden logic", they keep the film "still strong appeal character," says Thomas Koebner. Also Kreimeier Klaus picks up on this film "Nosferatu" effect and certify an "authenticity of the dream - and the fictional (the means based on conventions) character of what we call reality."

William K. Everson judges, the film suffered "under the extrovert and plenty of covered play by Alexander Granach [...] and virtually all other members of the cast out fear." Also, Lotte H. Eisner criticized the cumbersome play, the actors performances were "not significant", which they impute to the fact that Murnau not experienced at this time in the lead actor had been enough.

Aaron Copland's 1922 ballet "Grohg" (unpublished and unpremiered until 1992) used "Nosferatu" as the physical model for the lead character and roughly follows the storyline.

Hugh Cornwell of the Stranglers and Robert Williams recorded an album "Nosferatu" as a "soundtrack" to the film, dedicated to the memory of Max Schreck; it was released in 1979. The front cover was a still picture from the film.

Werner Herzog's 1979 homage to Nosferatu, "Nosferatu the Vampyre" starred Klaus Kinski as Count Dracula, not Orlok. A sequel to Herzog's film called "Vampire in Venice" starred Kinski, this time as Nosferatu, and Christopher Plummer as Paris Catalano.

The 1979 television movie "Salem's Lot" modeled the appearance of Mr. Barlow on that of Count Orlok. In 1998, Wayne Keeley released "", in which the original film was remastered to a soundtrack by Type O Negative and hosted by David Carradine.

The 2000 Hollywood movie "Shadow of the Vampire" told a secret history of the making of "Nosferatu", imagining that actor Max Schreck (played by Willem Dafoe) was actually a genuine vampire and that director F. W. Murnau (John Malkovich) was complicit in hiring the creature for the purpose of realism.

Similarly, the short film 'La duodécima hora' by Rodrigo Plaza and film critic Juanma Ruiz, suggested a hidden plot orchestrated by Nosferatu director and producer, F. W. Murnau and Albin Grau, to hide an elixir of the eternal life. Shot as a mockumentary, the film starred horror icon Paul Naschy and Nosferatu film restorer Luciano Berriatúa.

Viper Comics's 2010 graphic novel "Nosferatu" by Christopher Howard Wolf retold the original 1922 film's storyline with a modern setting and cast.

The Cartoon Network Adult Swim series Mary Shelley's Frankenhole, a parody of classic horror movies and characters, features Nosferatu as a recurring character.



King Diamond (band)

King Diamond are a Danish heavy metal band. It was formed by King Diamond after the split up of his band Mercyful Fate.





Lego Duplo

Lego Duplo (also called Lego Preschool, Explore or simply just DUPLO) is another type of Lego toys. The difference is that they are bigger than regular Lego and that they are meant for ages 1½-6, because they are easier to handle than regular Lego. Lego Duplo were launched in 1969.

Obi-Wan Kenobi

Obi-Wan Kenobi, also known as Ben Kenobi, is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" universe. He is one of several primary characters and one of the protagonist in the "Star Wars" series. He is a Jedi Master. 

With Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader, R2-D2, and C-3PO, he is one of the few major characters to appear in all of the six "Star Wars" movies. He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor and voiced by James Arnold Taylor in "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" series and "Star Wars Rebels" series.

Eric Singer

Eric Doyle Mensinger (born May 12, 1958 in Cleveland, Ohio, USA), better known as Eric Singer, is a hard rock and heavy metal drummer for the rock band Kiss and formerly for singer Alice Cooper. In December 1991, Eric Singer officially became the drummer for Kiss after the death of Eric Carr.

Martin Erat

Martin Erat (born August 28, 1981 in Třebíč, Czechoslovakia) is a former Czech ice hockey right winger that played for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Nashville Predators and the Washington Capitals. Martin also has an older brother named Roman who plays in the Czech Extraliga.

Before playing in the NHL, Erat played 3 seasons in the WHL 2 for the Saskatoon Blades and 1 for the Red Deer Rebels. Erat has also played 10 seasons with the Nashville Predators and 9 games with the Washington Capitals.

On March 4th, 2014, the Capitals traded Erat along with prospect John Mitchell to the Phoenix Coyotes for a 2015 4th round draft pick, Rostislav Klesla and Chris Brown.


Portal 2

Portal 2 is a first-person shooter puzzle video game made by Valve Corporation. It is the sequel to the video game "Portal". The gameplay is similar to the first game, but it adds new stories, puzzles, and characters. Unlike the first game, it also has a co-op campaign, where two players play as robots built by GLaDOS to solve puzzles that could never be solved by humans.

After killing GLaDOS and escaping Aperture Science Laboratories, Chell, the protagonist of "Portal", is taken back to the labs and placed in suspended animation for many years. While she sleeps, the laboratories become more and more run down, because no one is there to take care of them. Once she wakes up, a small, dim-witted robot, known as a core, named Wheatley tries to help her escape the building. In the process, he accidentally reactivates GLaDOS, who, still angry with Chell for killing her, forces Chell to perform tests similar to the ones she performed in "Portal".

While Chell solves the puzzles and GLaDOS repairs the building, Wheatley works behind the scenes to free Chell. Once he does, they try to sabotage GLaDOS's weapons, including her turrets and neurotoxin. In a confrontation with GLaDOS, Chell presses a button that removes GLaDOS from controlling the laboratory and puts Wheatley in her place. In anger, GLaDOS reveals that Wheatley is an intelligence-dampening sphere, created by scientists to distract GLaDOS from evil by distracting her with a constant stream of stupid ideas. Wheatley is outraged and becomes power-mad. He puts GLaDOS's AI into a potato and turns on Chell, sending them both deep underground to an abandoned part of the facility.

Chell and GLaDOS end up in the ruins of Aperture Science Laboratories, started in the 1950s. While exploring the area, recorded messages by Aperture Science founder Cave Johnson and his secretary Caroline tell the history of the company and explain the many dangerous tests performed there. As Chell moves further up in the labs, time moves forward as well, into the 1970s. Cave reveals that the company is bankrupt and must use homeless people as test subjects rather than the astronauts and Olympic athletes they had used before. Here Chell reunites with GLaDOS, whom she places on her portal gun and carries with her.

As they move forward, GLaDOS begins to repeat things that Caroline says and becomes confused. When they move into part of the lab that was used during the 1980s, a message from Cave says he has gotten cancer from working with moon dust and he is dying. After a rant about the unfairness of life, he says that he wants Caroline to run the company after he dies. GLaDOS comes up with a plan to destroy Wheatley once they find him.

Chell and GLaDOS make it to the Enrichment Center near the surface and find Wheatley. GLaDOS attempts to short-circuit him by telling him a paradox. Unfortunately, Wheatley is not smart enough to understand it and the plan fails. Wheatley has discovered his new body gives him a feeling of euphoria when a subject solves a test. He tried to make cubes with legs to solve puzzles, but they were not good at it. Instead, he forces Chell to solve puzzles. As she solves more tests, Wheatley's feelings of euphoria become weaker, so he builds more and more complicated tests by smashing together test chambers that GLaDOS built.

When Wheatley cannot get the result he wants from the tests, he decides to kill Chell and GLaDOS. They escape and eventually find him, leading to the final fight. GLaDOS helps Chell attach broken personality cores to Wheatley to weaken him and she tries to press the button that switched GLaDOS and Wheatley in the first place. When she is unable to, she shoots a portal on the floor below Wheatley and another on the moon, which can be seen through a hole in the roof. Wheatley is pulled from GLaDOS's body and released into space. Chell is almost pulled out too, but GLaDOS saves her and closes the portals.

After saving Chell, GLaDOS speaks kindly to her, explaining that when she was created, she was given part of Caroline's personality. She thanks Chell for helping her find where Caroline's personality is in her "brain", then deletes it. Returning to her former self, GLaDOS tells Chell that she is too difficult to kill so she will stop trying and release her instead. Chell is sent to the surface by an elevator while the turrets sing opera. Once she makes it out, the Companion Cube is thrown at her, and she is free to go. As the credits roll, GLaDOS sings the song "Want You Gone".

Thriller (genre)

A thriller is a genre found in literature, movies and television. It uses suspense, where the audience is made to wonder what is going to happen next. Thrillers often have a horror or crime theme. Some examples of thriller movies are "Psycho", "Silence of the Lambs", "Vertigo", "Rear Window", "Argo" and "The Birds".

Over the Limit (2011)

Over the Limit (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It took place on May 22, 2011 at the KeyArena in Seattle, Washington. It was the second Over the Limit event.

The main event for the Raw side of the PPV was decided on the May 9 edition of Raw. The Miz, Alberto Del Rio and Rey Mysterio faced off in a triple threat match where the winner would face John Cena for the WWE Championship at Over the Limit. The Miz won the match by rolling up Mysterio. After the match was over, as had been announced, Cena came out to announce what type of match he had chosen. He told Miz, if he wants his title back, it's simple, you only "have to make me say two words", thus he announced the match would be an "I Quit" match.

Also on Raw, carrying over from their WrestleMania and Extreme Rules matches, Jerry Lawler challenged Michael Cole to one final match at Over the Limit, where if he lost he would personally induct Cole into the WWE Hall of Fame and give him his Hall of Fame ring. Cole initially said no and started bragging about his Mother's Day with his mother the day before in front of Lawler, whose mother died in February. This prompted King to try and attack Cole who was in his "Cole Mine" (a Plexiglas box meant to protect Cole from Lawler). As King went to attack him, he was attacked from behind by Cole's mentor Jack Swagger. A little later in the show, Lawler came back out and attacked Cole through the holes cut in the "Cole Mine" by yanking Cole's head repeatedly against the plexiglas by his tie. After he was saved, Swagger accepted the match against Lawler on behalf of Cole, much to Cole's displeasure.



Balkan Wars

The Balkan Wars were a series of wars fought in the Balkan Peninsula in 1912 (First Balkan War) and 1913 (Second Balkan War). 

The First Balkan War was fought by Greece, Serbia, Montenegro and Bulgaria (the Balkan League) against the Ottoman Empire. The main objective of the Balkan League was to annex the European territories of the Ottoman Empire, because large numbers of the people of the Balkan League lived under Ottoman rule. The war was a success and the Ottoman Empire lost almost its entire European territories.

The Second Balkan War was fought by Greece, Serbia, the Ottoman Empire and Romania against Bulgaria. Because Bulgaria felt that Greece and Serbia got more lands than they deserved, Bulgaria declared war on Greece and Serbia, which repelled the attacks. The Ottoman Empire and Romania declared war on Bulgaria, because they wanted to gain Bulgarian territories, and by the end of the Second Balkan War Bulgaria had lost almost all its gains from the First Balkan War.

The Balkan Wars resulted in huge casualties. The Bulgarians lost around 65,000 men, the Greeks 9,500, the Montenegrins, 3,000, and the Serbs at least 36,000. The Ottomans lost as many as 125,000 dead. In addition, tens of thousands of civilians died from disease and other causes.
After the Treaty of Istanbul in 1913, a population exchange was made by the Ottoman Empire with the Kingdom of Bulgaria, 9714 Muslim's (Turks and Xoraxane Roma) from Haskovo in North Thrace, was expelled to Ottoman Empire, and 9472 Orthodox Christian Bulgarian from Edirne in East Thrace was expelled to Kingdom of Bulgaria.


Derecho and tornado outbreak of April 4–5, 2011

The April 2011 derecho and tornado outbreak was a large scale event where tornadoes and derechoes, or widespread straight-line winds, damaged parts of 3 states resulting in 9 fatalities. The event happened from April 4 to April 5th.

On April 3, supercells formed in Illinois, and a squall line of severe thunderstorms formed in Iowa. The severe thunderstorms made large hail, and strong wind, and potentially tornadoes. Then, heavy rain formed west of the severe thunderstorms but the line kept producing severe weather. On April 4, the supercells also turned into a squall line of severe thunderstorms. The storms produced tornadoes. Then, supercells formed in Tennessee and produced tornadoes. By the night of April 4, the 2 lines of storms collided and moved East. By April 5, the severe thunderstorms were in New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida and moved out to sea. The storm produced a lot of tornadoes. Plenty of severe thunderstorm and tornado watches and warnings were issued.

Supercells impacted Illinois with large hail and strong winds, and possible tornadoes. Hail up to 4-5" in diameter fell and made damage as well as the winds. Tornadoes were als possible.

A squall line of severe thunderstorms impacted the area also with large hail and strong winds. Hail up to 3-4" in diameter fell there along with strong winds. Tornadoes were unlikely but possible.

supercells and squall lines impacted Indiana with numerous reports of large hail and strong winds. An EF0 tornado dropped down in Indiana along with hail up to 2-3" in diameter and damaging winds.

An EF1 tornado in a supercell dropped down in Ohio and did some damage. In that severe thunderstorm with the tornado, strong winds were a problem along with hail up to 1-2" in diameter.

An EF2 tornado in a supercell dropped down in south-central PA. The tornado did damage along with hail up to 1/2 to 1" in diameter.

An EF3 tornado destroyed much of the area where the tornado dropped down. Along with the tornado there were strong winds and 1/4 to 1/2" in diameter hail

Severe thunderstorms impacted the state. the severe thunderstorms produced 1/10 to 1/4 inch in diameter hail and strong winds. Tornadoes were unlikely but possible.

A possible tornado did some damage to an area where the tornado possibly dropped down. Otherwise hail and wind were a problem.

Snow fell acros much of New York State to even NYC and Northern New Jersey. New York City and Northern New Jersey just saw a few snowflakes and sleet flakes, while places north of NYC saw heavy sleet, and New York State saw a general 1-2" of snow. Some places saw as much as 4-5" of snow.

36 Crazyfists

36 Crazyfists is an American heavy metal band from Anchorage, Alaska. 36 Crazyfists has four members in the band; the current band members are Brock Lindow, Steve Holt, Mick Whitney, and Kyle Baltus. The name of the band comes from the Jackie Chan movie, "Jackie Chan And The 36 Crazy Fists". The band now originates in Portland, Oregon.





Sound effect

A sound effect or audio effect is a sound used for movies, television, apps, music, or other types of media. There are lots of sound effects that we hear everyday. One of the techniques used to make a sound is banging or hitting a wall, a table, or desk.

WWE Over the Limit

Over the Limit was a professional wrestling event that was held yearly by WWE, and aired live only on pay-per-view (PPV). The first one was held in 2010, taking the place of Judgment Day in the May slot of WWE's pay-per-view calendar. The last event took place on May 20, 2012 at the PNC Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was replaced by WWE Battleground in 2013.

As is the case with most lower level PPV's made by WWE, the event was held only in arenas in the United States. Championship bouts were scheduled on every card, with the lower level title matches on the undercard and the top level featured on the main card. Under the Brand Extension, WWE assigns its performers to either Raw or SmackDown which cause matches to be set up between wrestlers on the same show.



Osamu Tezuka

Osamu Tezuka (, Tezuka Osamu, November 3, 1928 – February 9, 1989) was a famous Japanese cartoonist, manga artist, animator, producer and Doctor of Medicine, although he never practiced medicine. He was born in Osaka Prefecture. He created "Astro Boy", "Kimba the White Lion" and "Black Jack". He is often credited as the "Father of Anime", and is often considered the Japanese equivalent to Walt Disney, who was a major inspiration for Tezuka.

Tezuka began what was known as the manga revolution in Japan with his New Treasure Island published in 1947. His legendary output would spawn some of the most influential, successful, and well received manga series including the children mangas Astro Boy, Princess Knight and Kimba the White Lion, and the adult oriented series Black Jack, Phoenix, and Buddha, all of which won several awards.

Tezuka died of stomach cancer in 1989. His death had an immediate impact on the Japanese public and other cartoonists. A museum was constructed in Takarazuka dedicated to his memory and life works, and Tezuka received many posthumous awards. Several animations were in production at the time of his death along with the final chapters of Phoenix, which were never released.
Osamu Tezuka:
,"Manga is virtual. Manga is sentiment. Manga is resistance. Manga is bizarre. Manga is pathos. Manga is destruction. Manga is arrogance. Manga is love. Manga is kitsch. Manga is sense of wonder. Manga is … there is no conclusion yet."

Shrek 2

Shrek 2 is a 2004 animated comedy movie and is the second movie in the "Shrek" movie series. It was directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad and stars Mike Myers as Shrek, Eddie Murphy as the Donkey, Cameron Diaz as Fiona, Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots, Julie Andrews as Fiona's mother, Rupert Everett as Prince Charming, John Cleese as Fiona's father and Jennifer Saunders as Fairy Godmother. Like the first movie, this one is a parody of fairy tales. It was followed by "Shrek the Third".

Shrek and Princess Fiona return from their honeymoon to find they have been invited by Fiona's parents to a royal ball to celebrate their marriage. Along with Donkey, they travel to the Kingdom of Far Far Away. They meet Fiona's parents, King Harold and Queen Lillian, who are shocked to see the ogres, with Harold particularly repulsed. Shrek worries that he is losing Fiona, particularly after finding her childhood diary and reading that she was once in love with Prince Charming.

Harold is confronted by the Fairy Godmother, as her son, Prince Charming, was to marry Fiona in exchange for Harold's own happy ending. She orders him to get rid of Shrek, so Harold arranges for Puss in Boots to kill him. Unable to defeat Shrek, Puss reveals that he was paid by Harold and offers to be an ally. Shrek, Donkey, and Puss sneak into the Fairy Godmother's factory and steal a "Happily Ever After" potion that Shrek thinks will make him good enough for Fiona. Shrek and Donkey both drink the potion. Shrek becomes a human while Donkey becomes a horse. Meanwhile, Fiona also becomes a human.

In order to make the change permanent, Shrek must kiss Fiona by midnight. Shrek, Donkey, and Puss return to the castle. However, the Fairy Godmother has sent Charming to pretend to be Shrek as a human. The Fairy Godmother gives Harold a love potion to put into Fiona's tea. This exchange is overheard by Shrek, Donkey, and Puss, who are arrested by the royal knights. While the royal ball begins, the fairy tale creatures whom Shrek and Donkey had met during their previous adventure arrive at the dungeon to rescue the three of them and they all break into the royal ball.

Charming kisses Fiona, but instead of falling in love, she knocks him out; Harold reveals that he swapped Fiona's tea that has the love potion with another tea. The Fairy Godmother tries to kill Shrek with her magic wand, but Harold jumps in front of it, reverting into the Frog Prince; the spell bounces off his armour and kills the Fairy Godmother. As the clock strikes midnight, Fiona rejects Shrek's offer to remain human, and they revert into ogres, while Donkey also returns to normal.

Singer and songwriter Adam Duritz from Counting Crows said that his band's song, "Accidentally in Love", "fits into the movie because it's the story of people who fall in love who weren't supposed to fall in love." Composer James Horner operated the sound of the score on different levels which James said as "Fun". His score came out as an Eels song into a romantic scene with Shrek and Fiona, or a funny scene with Donkey. George Bruns did not compose the film score with Horner, due to a conflict.

Automobili Turismo e Sport

ATS (Automobili Turismo e Sport, which roughly translates in English to "Tourism and Sports Cars") was an Italian car maker and briefly, a constructor in Formula One. The team ran in F1 in 1963, and made cars from 1963 to 1965. The company was founded by Carlo Chiti and Giotto Bizzarrini, intended to compete directly with Ferrari. 

The two most well-known cars were the ATS 2500 GT, a sports car, and The Tipo 100, a Formula One car, which was a virtual copy of the Ferrari 156, which was a Formula One car in 1961. Unfortunately, with the cars being frequently withdrawn and technical problems through the season, the F1 team was shut down after 1963. In fact, out of the 10 entries ATS qualified for (Five races, two cars per race), only two cars were classified at the end of the race, albeit very slow, with Giancarlo Baghetti being classified at 23 laps down (23 laps behind the eventual race winner, Jim Clark). By contract, Phil Hill (with no relation to Graham Hill) finished seven laps down.

Alan (footballer, born 1989)

Alan Douglas Borges de Carvalho (born 10 July 1989 in Barbosa, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for the Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. His name as a player is simply Alan. He plays as a striker.

He started his career for Guaraní FC in Campinas, his hometown. At the age of 16 he joined Londrina EC and in 2008 he went to Fluminense Rio de Janeiro. From Fluminense he went to Europe and signed with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Under coach Huub Stevens he played only a few matches. In the era of Ricardo Moniz he became a regular player of the starting team. During the match versus Rapid Vienna in September 2011 he suffered a severe injury. He healed in April 2012.

Red Bull Salzburg

Guangzhou Evergrande

Fluminense



Framlingham

Framlingham is a small town in the Suffolk Coastal local government district of Suffolk, England.

Framlingham Castle is a large hill-top castle found in the town. It has a population of 3,114 at the 2001 census. There used to be a railway station there but it is now closed.

Westerfield

Westerfield is a small village near Ipswich in Suffolk. It is about two miles north of the centre of Iswich. The village is served by Westerfield railway station on the Ipswich-Lowestoft East Suffolk Line. The village is home to two pubs, as well as the church, shown adjacent. 

The area of the Village south of the railway is inside the borough of Ipswich, although the area North of the railway is inside Suffolk coastal. The railway is around 500 metres from the centre of the village The railway service provides Ipswich, Felixstowe and Woodbridge, and further afield.

The village holds a Scout fete, and a church fete, each year. These fetes include traditional games, incorporating many locals from in and around the local area.

The Village used to be home to a local primary school, as well as a small post office. Despite this the village is still home to a nice village hall, that is home to the 1st Westerfield scout group, as well as a Beaver and Cub group. 

Despite this there are speeding issues along Westerfield road, driving through the centre of the village. 


Cocculus carolinus

Cocculus carolinus otherwise known as "Carolina Coralbead", "Redberry Moonseed" or the "Carolina snailseed". It is indigenous to several states along the South to Midwest. It gets its name from the bright red color of the marble like berry that protrudes from the leaves of the plant.

The Carolina Coralbead is a deciduous, woody vine that can twines along the trunks of several trees or along the ground. It occurs in timberline areas, rocky woods, glades, fence rows and ponds. Carolina Coralbead can grow 10–12 ft (3–3.6 m) and usually spaced within 3–4 ft (90–120 cm) of one another. If ingested in large amounts, the berry on Cocculus carolinus can be poisonous, but the overall toxicity of its berries do not prove to be fatal. In areas in Little Rock, Arkansas, the Carolina Coralbead is referred to as an invasive weed system which seedlings have been spread by birds. Once a root system has been established, it is hard to remove the plant, so planting in new areas has been a point of concern for this plant. The best ornamental features of the plant are its foliage and its attractive red berries in fall. "Cocculus carolinus" can grow in temperatures between from -3.8 °C (25 °F) to -28.8 °C (-20 °F). Its leaves are covered in short hairs and should not be confused with the species "Smilax bona-nox",which has tendrils and prickles.

The Carolina Coralbead has been reported in the following states of Alabama, Arkansas, Kansas, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. Locations of the plant range from opening of forests, to the beginning of streams.

The flowers are small and plentiful. At a young age, Carolina Coralbead appear greenish. Bloom time for the plant is in late spring and mature by late summer. They grow in tight abundant amounts of bright red berries. By using its scarlet fruits for aesthetic effects, landscapers allow it to be grown on trellises, fences or let naturally flourish through other weeds and shrubs. The berries should not be eaten by people but are eaten by a large number of birds. Each fruit has a single seed that resembles a small snail shell which is protected by the hard endocarp, also known as the inner section of the ovary wall.

Solar time

Solar time relates to the amount of time which has passed according to orbit of the sun. A solar day is the amount of time it takes an object to go around the sun.


Mark St. John

Mark Leslie Norton (February 7, 1956 – April 5, 2007), better known as Mark St. John, was a guitarist known for his brief work with the rock band Kiss. He was only with Kiss a short time, but he was featured on the album "Animalize", the second album of the "unmasked" period. St. John's only video appearance with Kiss is in the video for the hit single "Heaven's on Fire". After leaving Kiss, he formed a band called White Tiger. Mark St. John died on the morning of April 5, 2007, of a cerebral hemorrhage.

Bruce Kulick

Bruce Howard Kulick (born December 12, 1953 in Brooklyn, New York), also known as Bruce H. Kulick or Bruce Kulick, is an American musician and guitarist. He is known as the lead guitarist for the rock band Kiss from 1984 to 1996. 

Ragdoll

The ragdoll is a cat breed. It is large, with blue eyes, and a semi-longhair soft and silky coat of fur. It is usually mostly white, with light to dark marks. 

The ragdoll was first bred by an American breeder named Ann Baker from a Persian-like cat (without a pedigree) and a Birman cat with the Siamese colorpoint gene. It is similar in appearance to the Himalayan, which was bred directly from the Persian and Siamese. 

The Ragdoll is gentle, easy going, and affectionate. The breed was named "Ragdoll" because they often go limp and relax like a rag or cloth doll when it is picked up. The original mother cat that the breed was created from was involved in a car accident, but contrary to popular belief, this is not why the breed goes limp when picked up (injuries from an accident are not passed on to offspring genetically).

Ragdoll is a breed that enjoys being around humans and it may follow its owner around the house. Due to its unique dog like characteristics and soft nature, the breed has gained lots of popularity. In fact, the breed became the most popular cat breed for three consecutive years, i.e., 2019,2020, and 2021, in one of the world’s largest cat registries of pedigree cats- CFA. 

The Ragdoll cat is a largest domestic cat breed. It has an overall relaxed and laid-back look with a medium-long coat that comes in a variety of colors and patterns. The fur is usually semi-long with a silky texture and tends to be lighter on the belly, legs, and tail. The eyes are round and wide set and come in various shades of blue, green or copper. The face is broad with distinct markings on the forehead, cheeks, chin, and nose bridge. The ears are large with rounded tips while the muzzle is somewhat square in shape. Its body shape can range from cobby to semi-foreign but typically has an overall muscular build. The Ragdoll cat is also known for its docile personality and gentle demeanor which adds to its appeal as a pet breed. 

The breed typically weigh between 15 to 20 pounds, with females usually being on the smaller side of that range. They are the large breed of cat, so they have a strong and muscular body type which helps them to carry their larger size. Despite their size, Ragdolls are known for being calm and gentle cats which makes them great family pets. They also require minimal grooming due to their short coat, making them an ideal pet for those looking for an affectionate companion without the hassle of long term maintenance. With proper care and diet, Ragdoll cats can live up to 15 years or more.

Srinivasa Ramanujan

Srinivasa Ramanujan Aiyangar (December 22, 1887 – April 26, 1920) was an Indian mathematician. His father's name was K. Srinivasa Iyengar and his mother's name was Komalatammal. On 1st October 1892 Ramanujan was enrolled at local school. He had no formal training in mathematics. However, he has made a large contribution to number theory, infinite series and continued fraction. Read More...

After getting his degree at Cambridge, Ramanujan did his own work. He compiled over 3500 identities and equations in his life. Some of the identities were found in his “lost notebook”. When the notebook was discovered, mathematicians proved almost all of Ramanujan's work. His discoveries have led to many advancements in mathematics. His formulae are now being used in crystallography and string theory.

In 2011, Ramanujan's birthday was made "National Mathematics Day" by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Read More...

Ramanujan was brought into the world in Dissolve, Madras Administration, English India (presently Tamil Nadu, India), on 22 December 1887. His dad, Kuppuswamy Srinivasa Iyengar, was a representative in a material trader's shop, and his mom, Komalathamma, was a housewife. Ramanujan was a splendid understudy, and he showed an early fitness for math. In 1904, Ramanujan entered Pachaiyappa's School in Madras, where he concentrated on arithmetic and physical science. He graduated in 1907 with a five star degree. In the wake of graduating, Ramanujan filled in as a representative in the Madras Port Trust. In 1909, Ramanujan wedded Janaki Ammal. The couple had no kids. In 1912, Ramanujan started to relate with G. H. Strong, a teacher of math at Trinity School, Cambridge. Strong was dazzled by Ramanujan's numerical capacities, and he welcomed Ramanujan to come to Cambridge to study. Ramanujan showed up in Cambridge in 1914, and he was granted a grant to Trinity School. Read More...



North South MRT line

The North South MRT line is the first Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore to be built. It is 45 km long with 27 stations, and it is being operated by SMRT Trains. It would usually take one hour to travel from one end of the MRT line to the other. This line is coloured red on the MRT Rail map.

This line joins the Central area of Singapore to the Northern and Southern areas of Singapore. To transfer to the East West MRT line, a commuter can transfer at Jurong East, Raffles Place or City Hall. Transferring to the North East MRT Line is done at Dhoby Ghaut with a linkway. Bishan MRT Station, Dhoby Ghaut MRT Station and Marina Bay MRT Station can transfer a commuter to the Circle MRT Line. Transfer to the Downtown line is provided at Newton MRT Station.

The first section of the north south line opened on 7 November 1987 between Toa Payoh and Yio Chu Kang. Afterwards, the section to Outram Park (now on the East West MRT line) opened. Following that, the rest of the line opened stage by stage.

The Woodlands Extension was planned to close the gap between Yishun and Choa Chu Kang. It consists of 6 stations, and opened on 10 February 1996.

A 1-kilometre extension of the line to Marina South Pier MRT Station was opened in 2014.


On 7 October, services on the line was stopped between Ang Mo Kio and Marina South Pier around 6pm, after the tunnels between Bishan and Braddell flooded following heavy rain, and a fire was seen near Raffles Place. Services between Newton and Marina South Pier was resumed at around 9.30pm but the section between Newton and Ang Mo Kio remained closed overnight. It opened at 2pm the following day after staff and the SCDF worked overnight to clear the water from the tunnel. SMRT reported that a faulty water pump was the cause of the flooding. This was the worst train incident in SMRT's history.

Shrek the Third

Shrek the Third (also known as Shrek 3) is a 2007 animated movie and is the third movie in the "Shrek" movie series.

It was directed by Chris Miller and Raman Hui and stars Mike Myers as Shrek, Cameron Diaz as Fiona, Eddie Murphy as the Donkey, Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots, Julie Andrews as Fiona's mother, John Cleese as Fiona's father, Rupert Everett as Prince Charming, Eric Idle as Merlin and Justin Timberlake as Arthur. It is about Shrek trying to get a new king for far far away because the other King died. Like the first two movies, this movie is parody of fairy tales.


SMRT Trains

SMRT Trains Limited () is a rail operator in Singapore and a wholly owned subsidiary of SMRT Corporation. It was first known as Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) when the company was founded in 6 August 1987. It was renamed Singapore MRT Limited before becoming its current name, SMRT Trains in 2004.


Symphony X

Symphony X are an American progressive metal band from Middletown, New Jersey.

Founded in 1994 by guitarist Michael Romeo, their albums "The Divine Wings of Tragedy" and "V: The New Mythology Suite" have given the band considerable attention within the progressive metal community.


Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award

In Major League Baseball, the Rookie of the Year Award is given each year to one player from each league as voted on by the Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA). The award was start in 1940 by the Chicago chapter of the BBWAA. They selected a winner every year from 1940 through 1946. The award became national in 1947; Jackie Robinson, the Brooklyn Dodgers' first baseman, won the first award. One award was presented for both leagues in 1947 and 1948; since 1949, the honor has been given to one player each in the National and American League. At first, the award was known as the J. Louis Comiskey Memorial Award, named after the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s. The award was renamed the Jackie Robinson Award in July 1987, 40 years after Jackie Robinson broke the baseball color line.

Of the 128 players named Rookie of the Year, 14 have been selected for the National Baseball Hall of Fame—Jackie Robinson, five American League players, and eight others from the National League. The award has been shared twice: once by Butch Metzger and Pat Zachry of the National League in 1976; and once by John Castino and Alfredo Griffin of the American League in 1979. Members of the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers have won the most awards of any team (with 16). This is twice the total of the New York Yankees (eight), who have won the most in the American League. Fred Lynn and Ichiro Suzuki are the only two players who have been named Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player in the same year. Fernando Valenzuela is the only player to have won Rookie of the Year and the Cy Young Award in the same year. Sam Jethroe is the oldest player to have won the award, at age 32, 33 days older than 2000 winner Kazuhiro Sasaki (also 32). Michael Harris III of the Atlanta Braves and Julio Rodríguez of the Seattle Mariners are the 2022 winners.

From 1947 through 1956, each BBWAA voter had their own rules for decide who was a rookie. In 1957, the BBWAA first defined the term as someone with fewer than 75 at bats or 45 innings pitched in any Major League season before the current season. This guideline was later changed to 90 at bats, 45 innings pitched, or 45 days on a Major League roster before September 1 of the last year. The current rule is 130 at bats, 50 innings pitched or 45 days on the active roster of a Major League club (except for time in military service or on the disabled list) before September 1 was first used in 1971. Since 1980, each voter names three rookies: a first-place choice is given five points, a second-place choice three points, and a third-place choice one point. The award goes to the player who receives the most total points. Edinson Volquez received three second-place votes in 2008 even though he was not a rookie under the award's definition.

Some baseball writers have criticized the voting in recent years because several players who played in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) have won the award. These winners include Hideo Nomo in 1995, Kazuhiro Sasaki in 2000, and Ichiro Suzuki in 2001. The current definition of rookie for the award is based only on Major League playing. Some writers feel that past NPB players are not true rookies because of their past professional playing. This issue came up in 2003 when Hideki Matsui lost the AL award to Ángel Berroa in a close vote. Jim Souhan of the "Minneapolis Star Tribune" said he did not think Matsui was a rookie in 2003 because "it would be an insult to the Japanese league to pretend that experience didn't count." "The Japan Times" had a story in 2007 on calling Daisuke Matsuzaka, Kei Igawa, and Hideki Okajima as rookies, saying "[t]hese guys aren't rookies." Past winners such as Jackie Robinson, Don Newcombe, and Sam Jethroe had professional experience in the Negro Leagues.

 




Testament (band)

Testament is an American thrash metal band from Berkeley, California, formed in 1983. They are often credited as one of the most popular bands of the 1980s thrash metal scene. In the years since its inception, Testament has had numerous lineup changes, and guitarist Eric Peterson has been the only constant member, although the band currently features three original members.

Demonic (album)

Demonic is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Testament. It was released in 1997. The lyrics deal with occult themes more like their 1980s efforts instead of the political topics covered on more recent releases.

Musically, Testament takes a slower, almost death metal oriented approach with grinding guitar riffs and Chuck Billy's vocal work consisting primarily of death growls.

This album also marked the first time, as Testament, that the band used the old Legacy pentagram graphic.



Bonus Track: Rapid Fire

Rainbow (band)

Rainbow (also known as Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow or Blackmore's Rainbow) were an English hard rock band, controlled by guitarist Ritchie Blackmore from 1975 to 1984 and 1994 to 1997. It was originally established with former Elf members, though over the years Rainbow went through many line-up changes with no two studio albums featuring the same line-up. In addition to lead singers Ronnie James Dio, Graham Bonnet, Joe Lynn Turner and Doogie White, the project consisted of numerous backing musicians. The band started out combining mystical lyric themes with neo-classical metal, but went in a more streamlined commercial style following Dio's departure from the group.

Rainbow was ranked #90 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".




New Taiwan dollar

The New Taiwan dollar () (currency code TWD and common abbreviation NT$), or simply Taiwan dollar, is the official currency of Taiwan. It was used since 1949, when it replaced the Old Taiwan dollar. It was first printed by the Bank of Taiwan, it has been printed by the Central Bank of the Republic of China since 2000.

Crown of thorns (plant)

The crown of thorns (also known as Christ plant, or Christ thorn, called Corona de Cristo in Latin America) is a woody, succulent species of Euphorbia native to Madagascar. The species name commemorates Baron Milius, once governor of Réunion, who introduced the species to France in 1821. It is suspected that the species was introduced to the Middle East in ancient times, and legend associates it with the crown of thorns worn by Jesus.

Joseph Romm

Joseph J. Romm (born June 27, 1960) is an American physicist, writer and environmentalist. He has an interest in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and global warming. He is also interested in energy security through energy efficiency and green energy technologies.

Romm's 2006 book was "".

In December 2008, Romm was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In March 2009, "Rolling Stone" magazine named Romm as one of "100 People Who Are Changing America". In September 2009, "Time" magazine named him one of its "Heroes of the Environment".


A Child of Our Time

A Child of Our Time is an oratorio by Michael Tippett. It was composed between 1939 and 1941.

Tippett composed this oratorio at the beginning of World War II. He had already lived through World War I and he was very upset about all the evil in this world. He wanted to write a musical work about it. He did it by taking the story of the beginning of World War II as a basis of the oratorio, but he also made the work speak in general about the evil of this world.

In 1938 a 17 year old Jewish boy Hershel Grynspan, who lived in Paris, desperately wanted to attack the Nazis because of the cruel way his parents in Germany had been treated. He therefore murdered a Nazi diplomat in France. The Nazi’s in Germany were so furious that they attacked and murdered lots of Jews in Germany. This terrible attack became known as the "Kristallnacht". This series of events can be found in the words of Tippett’s oratorio. Tippett wrote the words himself.

The title comes from Ödön von Horváth’s novel, "Ein Kind unserer Zeit" (A Child of Our Time), written in 1938 and published in English in 1939. Tippett began composing it on 5 September 1939, two days after Britain declared war against Germany.

In 1958 Tippett arranged the five negro spirituals so that they could be sung by unaccompanied chorus. They are often performed like that, separately from the oratorio.

Tippett uses a similar structure to the Passions of Bach. This meant that he used a narrator (like the evangelist in Bach’s Passions) who tells the story. Instead of Bach’s Lutheran chorales he adds five negro spirituals which add an emotional comment to the events. The music of these spirituals blend very cleverly into the style of Tippett’s music. The whole oratorio, which lasts a little over one hour, has three parts. This idea is based on the three parts of Handel's "Messiah". Tippett calls the three parts: 1) Prophecy; 2) Narrative; 3) Meditation.

Part one opens with a picture of the world in darkness. The alto solo shows what the person’s soul is feeling. The bass (narrator) tells of the purges in Russia, the lynching in the USA, the terrible poverty in Britain. The chorus tell of their despair.

The chorus describes an atmosphere of icy stillness. They talk of “The Scape-Goat, The Child of Our Time” (a “scape-goat” is someone who gets the blame for something they have not done). There is a chorus of the Persecutors and the Persecuted. The choir are split into two like the crowd scenes in Bach’s Passions. In the “Chorus of the Self-Righteous” we hear about the attitude of countries who refuse to accept more than just a few of the persecuted Jews (this includes Britain). The boy tries to save his mother. We are told of the murder of the Nazi diplomat. There is a chorus of terror. We see the boy in prison and the grieving of the mother.

This is about the descent through evil and the discovery of rebirth and liberation. The bass suggests that, if we have patience, we shall be healed. The chorus finish by singing of the universal nature of the problem.

“Tippett, the composer and his music”; Ian Kemp; 


Spiritual (music)

Spirituals (or Negro spirituals) are the songs which were sung by the black slaves in the United States in the 18th and 19th centuries. The words to many Negro spirituals have Christian themes. This is because Black slaves in the United States turned to religion, as a way to cope with the pain of slavery. Negro spirituals combine traditional West African musical style with the style of Christian hymns from Europe.


Stamford, Lincolnshire

Stamford is a town and civil parish in Southern Lincolnshire, a county in England. It is on the River Welland and is located in the borough of South Kesteven. The town centre is 92 miles (148 km) north of London, the capital city.

The town is located very close to the borders with Cambridgeshire, Rutland and Northamptonshire. The town is in Lincolnshire, but has a Peterborough post code, a city in Cambridgeshire.

It is a very old town. Many 17th and 18th-century buildings and old timber-framed buildings still stand in the town. It also has five medieval churches.

There are over 600 listed buildings in the town and surrounding area.

The Sunday Times rated the town the best place to live in a survey in 2013.

University of Concepción

The University of Concepción is a university in Concepción, Chile. It is the oldest university in the south of Chile.

This university was founded by Enrique Molina Garmendia in 1919.


Jotunheimen

Jotunheimen is a large mountain range in Norway. It is named after Jötunheimr. Its highest peak, Galdhøpiggen (2469 metres) is the highest mountain in Scandinavia.


Catholic University of the Most Holy Conception

The Catholic University of the Most Holy Conception is a university located in Concepción, Chile. It is one of the universities in the south of Chile.

This university was created and founded on 1991 by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción.


R2-D2

R2-D2 (phonetically spelled Artoo-Detoo, and called "R2" for short), is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe. An astromech droid, R2-D2 is a major character throughout all seven Star Wars films. Along with his droid companion C-3PO, he joins or supports Anakin Skywalker, Luke Skywalker, and Obi-Wan Kenobi in various points in the saga. R2-D2 was played by Kenny Baker.

Illinois Senate

The Illinois Senate is the upper chamber in the Illinois General Assembly, the legislative branch of the government of the state of Illinois. Created in 1818 by the constitution of the first state, the Illinois senate is comprised 59 senators elected from individual legislative districts determined by population. According to Illinois' 1970 constitution, senators are divided into three groups, each group having a two-year term at a different part of the decade between censuses, with the rest of the decade being taken up by two four-year terms. Depending on the election year, roughly one-third, two-thirds, or all Senate seats may be contested. In contrast, the Illinois House of Representatives is made up of 118 members with its entire membership elected to two-year terms. House districts are formed by dividing each Senate district in half.

The Illinois Senate meets at the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. It is required to convene on the second January of each year. Along with the and The , it is vested with the power to make laws, come up with a state budget, act on federal constitutional amendments, and propose constitutional amendments to the state constitution. The Illinois Senate also holds the power to convict impeached executive and judicial officials with a 2/3 majority vote.

Star anise

Star anise ("Illicium verum") is a spice plant which tastes like anise. The star shaped fruits are harvested before they start ripening.

Japanese star anise ("Illicium anisatum"), a similar tree, is not edible because it is "highly toxic"; instead, it may be burned as incense in Japan.

Star anise has been used in a tea, and the seeds are sometimes chewed after meals for digestion.

Star anise is grown in four places in China and harvested between March and May. It is also found in the south of New South Wales.

Thubten Zopa Rinpoche

Thubten Zopa Rinpoche (born 1946 – 13 April 2023) was a lama from Nepal. He took his monks vows at Dungkar Monastery in Tibet and has received teachings from many high lamas. Lama Zopa is the co-founder, with Lama Yeshe, of Kopan Monastery and the FPMT. After the 1984 death of Lama Yeshe, Lama Zopa served as the FPMT's spiritual director. Zopa's books are published by Wisdom Publications. Free books and a vast online collection of his teachings are available from the Lama Yeshe Wisdom Archive. There is an extensive biography of him in the book 'The Lawudo Lama' , by Jamyang Wangmo. He died on 13 April 2023, at the age of 76.



Simon Cziommer

Simon Cziommer (born 6 November 1980 in Nordhorn) is a German footballer. He plays for the Dutch club Vitesse.
He started his career in his local football club FC Schüttdorf 09. Soon he went to the Netherlands where he played for Twente Enschede, AZ Alkmaar, and FC Utrecht. 2003- 2006 he played for Schalke 04 in the German Bundesliga. Since 2009 he plays for F. C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He also played for the German U20-team.


Kopan Monastery

Kopan Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery near Boudhanath, on the outskirts of Kathmandu, Nepal. It belongs to the FPMT, an international network of Gelugpa dharma centers, and once served as its headquarters.

The monastery was established by the FPMT founders, Lamas Thubten Yeshe and Thubten Zopa Rinpoche, who bought the property from Nepal's royal astrologer in 1969. Its name comes from the name of the hill on which it was built. 

Kopan has become famous for teaching Buddhism to visiting Western foreigners. The first of what would become annual month-long (November-December) meditation courses was held in 1971. These courses generally combine traditional Lam Rim teachings with informal discussion, several periods of guided meditation, and a vegetarian diet.

Las Condes

Las Condes is a commune and city in Santiago Metropolitan Region, Chile. At the 2002 census, 249,893 people lived there.


Volkswagen Crafter

The Volkswagen Crafter is a series of vans and buses which is a rebadged Mercedes Sprinter. It replaced the Volkswagen LT in 2006. In 2016, a new Crafter was unveiled but now it's Volkswagen's own van and no longer a rebadged Sprinter. 


Red Bull Brasil

Red Bull Brasil, also known as RB Brasil, is a Brazilian association football club from Campinas, São Paulo. The club was founded in 2007 by initiative of energy drink-maker Red Bull GmbH. Red Bull Brasil plays in the top tier of Campeonato Paulista, the São Paulo state league. In 2017, Red Bull Brasil makes their second appearance in the fourth tier of Campeonato Brasileiro (the first was in 2015).




Great American Interchange

The Great American Interchange was an important zoogeographic event about three million years ago. Land and freshwater fauna migrated between North America and South America.

The migration happened during the Pliocene, 3.6–2.6 million years ago (mya). The volcanic Isthmus of Panama rose from the seafloor and bridged the two continents.

The land bridge in what is now Panama joined the Neotropic (roughly South America) and Nearctic (roughly North America) ecozones to form the Americas.

The interchange is visible from both stratigraphy and nature. Its most dramatic effect is on the distribution of mammals, but weak-flying or flightless birds, reptiles, amphibians, arthropods and even freshwater fish also migrated.

The differences in the fauna of North and South America had been known for some time. Both Humboldt and Darwin discussed it. The interchange as a concept was first fully laid out in 1876 by the "father of biogeography", Alfred Russel Wallace. Wallace had spent 1848–1852 exploring and collecting specimens in the Amazon Basin. Others who made significant contributions to understanding the event in the century that followed include Florentino Ameghino and George Gaylord Simpson.

Similar interchanges occurred earlier in the Cainozoic, when the former Gondwana continents of India and Africa made contact with Eurasia, about 50 and 30 mya respectively.

When the global continent Pangaea broke up early in the Jurassic period, the great southern supercontinent Gondwana was formed. It separated from Laurasia 200–180 mya.

In stages, Gondwana also broke up, eventually into half-a-dozen continents we recognise today. They were Australasia, Indian subcontinent, Africa, Madagascar, Antarctica and South America.

South America drifted west from Africa, starting about 130 mya in the Lower Cretaceous. There was open sea between them by 110 mya. The last connection of South America with any part of Gondwana was a link with West Antarctica, which broke in the Oligocene, only 30 mya.

When Gondwana was separated from Laurasia, evolution of most animals and plants went on separately in the two great supercontinents. Later, as Gondwana broke up, most of its fauna and flora also evolved separately.

This is not obvious in Africa and India, since they moved north and joined the Eurasian continent long ago. Animals and plants moved north and south there also, but the original pattern is now hard to see. But in Australasia and South America the pattern is clear.

The mammals are a good example. Eutherian mammals evolved in Laurasia but few got to Gondwana before it was separated. Earlier groups of mammals did get to Gondwana. They were the marsupials, the monotremes and other (now extinct) therian mammals.

Thus, when South America was completely separated, it had only the earlier types of mammals, including some early eutherians such as the Xenarthra. The groups which evolved later, and which dominate the northern continents, only got to South America by the Great American Interchange.

After the late Mesozoic breakup of Gondwana, South America spent most of the Cainozoic era as an island continent.

Its "splendid isolation" allowed the fauna to evolve into many forms found nowhere else on earth, most of which are now extinct.

The endemic mammals initially consisted of metatherians (including marsupials, xenarthrans, and a diverse group of South American ungulates.

Marsupials appear to have travelled from South America through Antarctica to Australasia in the late Cretaceous or early Tertiary.

Ratites (relatives of South American tinamous) probably migrated by this route about the same time, in the direction from South America towards Australia/New Zealand.

Other taxa that may have dispersed by the same route (if not by flying or rafting) are parrots, chelid turtles and (extinct) meiolaniid turtles.

One living South American marsupial, the tiny Monito del Monte, is more closely related to Australian marsupials than to other South American marsupials. Since it is the most 'basal' (= primitive) australidelphian we know, its group probably evolved in South America and then colonized Australia.

A 61 mya old platypus-like monotreme fossil from Patagonia may be an Australian immigrant.

Marsupials in South America included didelphimorphs (opossums), shrew opossums and several other small groups.

The borhyaenids and the sabertooth "Thylacosmilus" were once considered to be marsupials. They are sparassodont metatherians, the sister group of the marsupials. Sparassodonts were the only South American mammals to specialize as carnivores. Their relative inefficiency left opportunites for nonmammalian predators to be more prominent than usual (similar to the ). 

Sparassodonts shared the ecological niches for large predators with fearsome flightless "terror birds" (phorusrhacids), whose closest extant (living) relatives are the seriemas. Terrestrial ziphodont crocodilians were also present at least through the middle Miocene. Some of South America's aquatic crocodilians reached monstrous sizes, with lengths up to 12 m.

Through the skies over late Miocene South America (6 Ma ago) soared the largest flying bird known, the teratorn "Argentavis", with a wingspan of 6 m or more, which may have lived in part on the leftovers of "Thylacosmilus" kills.

Xenarthrans are a curious group of mammals that developed morphological adaptations for specialized diets very early in their history.

In addition to those extant today (armadillos, anteaters and tree sloths), a great diversity of larger types were present, including pampatheres, the ankylosaur-like glyptodonts, various ground sloths, some of which reached the size of elephants (e.g. "Megatherium"), and even semiaquatic sloths.

The notoungulates and litopterns had many strange forms, some examples of convergent evolution.

Both groups started evolving in the Lower Paleocene, possibly from condylarth stock, diversified, dwindled before the great interchange, and went extinct at the end of the Pleistocene. The pyrotheres and astrapotheres were also strange but were less diverse and disappeared earlier, well before the interchange.

The North American fauna was typical northern eutheria (supplemented with Afrotherian proboscids).

Once the continents were joined, invasions from the north to the south were numerous and significant in their effect. Invasions from south to north were much less significant. This is most clearly seen in the mammals.

Reasons for this have been suggested. Wetland tropical species going north encountered desert or, at any rate, dry conditions in Mexico, where the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt, also known as the Sierra Nevada (Mexico) or the Snowy Mountain Range, extends 900  km from west to east across central-southern Mexico.

However, by far the most common theory is that North American fauna were 'topped up' from time to time whenever Eurasian species could get over the Bering Strait.

This applies with force to mammals, because the eutherian mammals originated in Asia and had undergone a great deal of evolution before they got to South America. Marsupials originally in Eurasia had long before been out-competed and gone extinct. It is not surprising the eutherians did well in South America.

Marsupials in both South America and Australasia were weak in predators. The borhyaenids and "Thylacosmilus" (the 'marsupial' sabretooth) were not marsupials; they were the related group, the sparassodonts. Instead, in South America, the terror birds ("Phorusrhacos" were for a long time the top predators.

All these native forms were wiped out as short-faced bears, wolves, nine species of small cats, cougars, jaguars, lions, sabretooths ("Smilodon" and "Homotherium") established themselves.

The successes in the opposite direction are interesting. Opossums, as the Virginia Opossum, are well established over a wide range. They are the only surviving marsupial in North America, though there were others before mankind arrived in the Americas.

The top native South American mammal success for a long time was the superorder Xenarthra, which had two different groups with large representatives in North America. One group was the giant ground sloths, such as the megalonychid "Megalonyx". This group lived in North America for over 10 million years, well before the Great Interchange. How they got there is not known. They got as far north as Alaska and the Yukon.

The other group was the glyptodonts, such such as "Glyptotherium texanum". They were large, heavily armoured relatives of the armadillo.

The ability of South America's xenarthrans to compete effectively against the northerners represents a special case. The explanation for their success lies in part in their defence against predation. This was based on body armour and/or formidable claws. The xenarthrans did not need to be fleet-footed or quick-witted to survive. Such a strategy may have been forced on them by their low metabolic rate (the lowest among the therians). Their low metabolic rate in turn allowed them to subsist on less abundant and/or less nutritious food sources. Unfortunately, the defensive adaptations of the large xenarthrans would have been useless against humans armed with spears and other projectiles.

Eomaia

Eomaia ('dawn mother') is an early fossil eutherian mammal. It is exceptionally well-preserved for a 125 million-year-old specimen.

It was discovered in rocks of the Yixian Formation, Liaoning Province, China. These strata date to the Lower Cretaceous about 125 million years ago (mya).

The fossil is in length and virtually complete. It weighed between . Although the fossil's skull is squashed flat, its teeth, tiny foot bones, cartilages and even its fur are visible.

"Eomaia" is a eutherian. The eutherians are the placental mammals plus some extinct mammals which had not developed a placenta.

What distinguishes the Eutheria from metatherians, a group that includes modern marsupials, are various features of the feet, jaws and teeth.

However "Eomaia" is not a true placental mammal as it lacks some features that are specific to placentals.
"Eomaia" has:
Its discoverers sampled 268 characters from all major Mesozoic mammal clades and principal eutherian families of the Cretaceous period. As a result, they claimed "Eomaia" is at the root of the eutherian "family tree" with a few other fossils.

The "Eomaia" fossil shows clear traces of hair. However this is not the earliest clear evidence of hair in the mammalian lineage, as fossils of the docodont "Castorocauda", discovered in rocks dated to about 164 mya, also have traces of fur.



East West MRT line

The East West MRT line was the 2nd Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore. The line is currently 49.2 km long with 35 stations. It is the longest MRT line in Singapore and it is operated by SMRT Corporation. It takes about 1 hour to travel from end to end and this line is coloured green on MRT system maps.

The MRT line joins central Singapore to the western and eastern parts of the island, with another branch to Changi Airport from Tanah Merah. Transferring to the North South line is done at Jurong East, City Hall and Raffles Place stations while transfer to the North East Line at Outram Park station is possible using a linkway. For Circle Line at Paya Lebar station and Buona Vista using an underpass and linkway. The Downtown Line will interchange with the East West Line at the Bugis, Tampines and Expo MRT stations.


Red Bull Arena (Leipzig)

The Red Bull Arena is a football stadium in Leipzig, Germany. It is the homeground of RB Leipzig. 

The Zentralstadion was built between 1954 and 1956. 100,000 visitors could enter the stadium. It was used for the sport festivals of the GDR, GDR football team matches, and other sports. The largest number of visitors was during a football match between SC Wismut Karl-Marx-Stadt and FC Kaiserslautern when 110,000 people entered.

It was renovated between 2000 and 2004. The renovation reduced the number of visitors that can enter the stadium. The first match in the new stadium was FC Sachsen Leipzig – Borussia Dortmund (Amateure) in front of 28,000 visitors. Now it is only used for football matches and concerts.

In 2010, Red Bull bought the right to name the stadium for 30 years. It is now called "Red Bull Arena" and became the homeground of RB Leipzig, which is owned by Red Bull.

The stadium was venue for the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup and FIFA World Cup 2006.


Stolen base

In baseball, a stolen base is when a baserunner advances to the next base while the pitcher is throwing the ball to home plate. In baseball statistics, stolen bases are displayed as SB. It is possible to steal second base, third base, or home plate, but not to steal first base.

If the defense does not try to put the baserunner out (for example, if the catcher does not even look his way), the play is called defensive indifference (also called fielder's indifference). No stolen base is credited to the runner in this case. Defensive indifference is usually only scored instead of a stolen base when the game is in a late inning and the team with the stealing baserunner is down by more than one run. MLB Rule 10.07(g) defines defensive indifference.

A player who is good at stealing bases needs not just running speed, but also good base-running instincts, quickness, and split-second timing. The scoring and guidelines for awarding a stolen base to a runner are covered by rule 10.07 of the Major League Baseball rule book.

If a player is good at stealing bases, his manager may let him try to steal a base whenever he thinks he can. A player who is allowed to try to steal whenever he wants is said to have the "green light". Players who do not have the green light may only be allowed to steal when a coach or manager tells him to.


Pasadena Star-News

The Pasadena Star-News is the local daily newspaper for Pasadena, California. The "Star-News" is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group, since 1996. It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group, along with the "San Gabriel Valley Tribune" and the "Whittier Daily News". 

Ridder Newspapers bought the "Star-News" in 1956; Bernard J. Ridder took over as Publisher. Ridder merged with Knight to form Knight Ridder in 1974. The paper was sold in 1989 to a company owned by William Dean Singleton; the Thomson Corporation bought majority control of the paper a year later. Thomson sold the "Star-News" to Singleton's MediaNews Group in 1996.

The Pasadena Star-News was first published in 1884. The paper was in a building at the corner of Colorado Blvd. and Oakland Avenue for years. This building is now being used by Technique at Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts and 24 Hour Fitness.

The newspaper also published the "Rose Magazine".


4319 Jackierobinson

4319 Jackierobinson (1981 ER14) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 1, 1981 by Schelte J. Bus at Siding Spring Observatory. It was found during the U.K. Schmidt-Caltech Asteroid Survey. It was named after Jackie Robinson, the first African-American major league baseball player of the modern era.


Baseball-Reference.com

Baseball-Reference.com is a website that lists statistics for every player in Major League Baseball history. The site is often used by large media companies and baseball broadcasters as a source of information.

The website came online in April 2000. It had originally been published in February 2000 as part of the website for the "Big Bad Baseball Annual". It was first built as a web version of the Lahman Baseball Database. Now it uses a variety of data sources. It has year-by-year team pages, a baseball encyclopedia (the Bullpen, powered by MediaWiki software, using the GFDL), box scores and game logs from every MLB game back to 1954 and minor league player stats back to 1900. The Oracle of Baseball can link any two players by common teammates. The Oracle of Baseball is based on the Oracle of Bacon website.

Its developer Sean Forman was a math professor at Saint Joseph's University before working for this project full-time.

In February 2009, Fantasy Sports Ventures bought part of Sports Reference, the parent company of Baseball-Reference, for a "low seven-figure sum". In reporting this purchase, journalist Eric Fisher wrote:The Sports Reference sites combine to generate more than 1 million unique users per month, according to internal analytics. Company president and former college math professor Sean Forman has become something of a folk hero to baseball fans for the massive depth of data stretching to the 19th century and for the ease of navigation within Baseball-Reference.com.


Ryan Miller

Ryan Miller (born July 17, 1980) is an American former ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Buffalo Sabres, Vancouver Canucks, and St. Louis Blues.

On July 1, 2014, Miller signed a three-year, $18 million contract with the Vancouver Canucks.

On April 5, 2022, Miller announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey at the end of the season. On May 8, 2021, Miller played his final game in the NHL in a 4-3 loss to the Minnesota Wild. On January 19, 2023, the Buffalo Sabres retired Miller's jersey number #30.






Oreo

The Oreo is a cookie sandwich or cream biscuit. It is made by the Nabisco division of Mondelēz International. The cookie has a sweet, white filling of "creme" or "cream". The creme is in between two circle-shaped chocolate or golden cookie pieces.

Oreos come in many different flavours like chocolate, vanilla, red velvet, caramel coconut, chocolate marshmallow and many more.

The origin of the name "Oreo" is not known, but there are many ideas for why they are called that. It may have been named after a plant genus called Oreodaphne, but it could be named after the French word "or" (which means gold in English) and it could be named after the Greek word (), which means 'nice' or 'attractive'.

1939–40 NHL season

The 1939–40 NHL season was the 23rd season for the National Hockey League. 

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
"Note: All dates in 1940"
Series A: Boston Bruins vs. New York Rangers

"Rangers win best of seven series 4 games to 2"

Series B: Chicago Black Hawks vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0"

Series C: New York Americans vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best of three series 2 games to 1"

Series D: Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers

"New York wins best of seven series 4 games to 2"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"

"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"

North East MRT line

The North East MRT Line (NEL) is the third Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore. The line is 20 km long with 16 stations and operated by SBS Transit. Travelling from one end of this line to the other end takes about half an hour. This line is coloured purple in the rail map.

The line joins central Singapore to the north-eastern part of the island. Transfer to the North South Line is done at Dhoby Ghaut station, East West Line at Outram Park station, Circle Line at Serangoon and Dhoby Ghaut and Downtown MRT Line at Chinatown and Little India stations.

This line is the first MRT line in Singapore to be completely underground (running in a tunnel all the way between HarbourFront and Punggol). It is also the first (and so far, the only) line where trains get their power from overhead wires above the track, instead of a third rail beside the track.

All the trains on the North East Line are automated (computer-controlled) and do not have an operator driving the train at the front. It is one of the world's first rapid transit lines that does not need drivers and is one of three such lines in the MRT network today. The others are the Circle Line and the Downtown Line.

The Land Transport Authority has announced that it will extend the North East Line from its current northern terminal at Punggol to a new station called Punggol Coast. Construction will begin in 2018, and it is expected to open in 2023.


List of Singapore MRT stations

The following lists all rail stations of the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system in Singapore, with underground stations listed in "italics". There are 151 stations in operation. Many more are in various stages of planning and construction (as shown in the latest system map).




At bat

In baseball, an at bat (AB) or time at bat is used for certain statistics. These statistics include batting average, on base percentage, and slugging percentage. It is a more narrow definition of a plate appearance. A batter starts with an at bat every time he faces a pitcher; however, the batter gets "no time at bat" in the following cases:

Section 10.02.a.1 of the official rules of Major League Baseball defines an at bat as:
"Number of times batted, except that no time at bat shall be charged when a player: (1) hits a sacrifice bunt or sacrifice fly; (2) is awarded first base on four called balls; (3) is hit by a pitched ball; or (4) is awarded first base because of interference or obstruction..."

An at bat is counted when:

Cal Ripken Jr.

Calvin Edwin "Cal" Ripken, Jr. (born August 24, 1960), nicknamed "Iron Man", is a former Major League Baseball shortstop and third baseman. He played his whole 21-year baseball career for the Baltimore Orioles (1981–2001).

Ripken is perhaps best known for breaking New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig's record for consecutive games played. The record had been called too hard to break. He beat the 56-year-old record when he played in his 2,131st straight game on September 6, 1995 between the Orioles and the California Angels in front of a sold-out crowd at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Ripken hit a home run in the game the night before that tied Gehrig's record and another home run in his 2,131st game. Fans later voted this game as Major League Baseball's "Most Memorable Moment" in MLB history. Ripken played in an 501 more straight games over the next three years. His streak ended at 2,632 games when he removed his name from the lineup for the final Orioles home game of the 1998 season. His record 2,632 straight games lasted over seventeen seasons, from May 30, 1982 to September 20, 1998.

A 19-time All-Star and member of the 3000 hit club, Ripken is considered one of the best shortstops and third basemen to ever play the game. At 6' 4" (1.93 m), 225 lbs. (102.27 kg), he led the way for taller, larger shortstops to be successful in that position. When voted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007, he was a first ballot inductee with the third highest voting percentage (98.53%) in Hall of Fame history, behind Tom Seaver (98.84%) and Nolan Ryan (98.79%).

He is a best-selling author and the President and CEO of Ripken Baseball, Inc. The company's goal is to grow the love of baseball from a more grassroots level. Established in 2001, Ripken Baseball represents Cal and his brother Bill's business and philanthropy dealings and focuses on several subsidiaries: Ripken Management and Design, Youth Camps and Clinics, Cal Ripken, Sr. foundation, Ripken Professional Baseball, with three minor-league teams—the Aberdeen IronBirds (affiliated with the Orioles); the Augusta GreenJackets (affiliated with the San Francisco Giants); and the Charlotte Stone Crabs (affiliated with the Tampa Bay Rays)—and Ironclad Authentics.

Battle of Finnburg

The Battle of Finnburg was a battle between the Frisians and the Danes. It was mentioned in two early medieval writings, the Finnesburg Fragment and "Beowulf". These may describe a real or a completelymythical event. 

According to the Finnesburg Fragment, the Danish prince Hnaef came with sixty followers to visit and spent the winter at the Finnburg. Finnburg was the fort of his brother-in-law Finn, king of the Frisians. There a fight started between the Frisians and the Danes. A battle took place that lasted for three days. The verses of the story that were found (which is thought to be a small part of the original work) do not explain why the fight started, nor do they give the outcome of the battle.

In a passage of "Beowulf", a bard sings a song about the ending of the battle, here named "Freswael". This is the same story as in the Finnesburg Fragment. While in less detail, the "Beowulf" episode is complete. Here it is seen that the Frisians won the battle. The Danish prince Hnaef and Finn's son died in the battle. After the fighting, the parties make peace, and the new Danish leader "Hingest" (who some have identified as Hengest) is allowed to leave with the surviving Danes.


Moose River Plains Wild Forest

The Moose River Plains Wild Forest is a forest in Adirondack Park, which is in the Hamilton and Herkimer counties in the U.S. state of New York. It is designated a Wild Forest by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.

Caspar Wessel

Caspar Wessel (June 8, 1745 – March 25, 1818) was a Danish-Norwegian mathematician.

He was born in Jonsrud, Vestby, Akershus, Norway. In 1763, having completed secondary school, he went to Denmark for further studies (since Norway didn't have any university in 1763). In 1778 he got the degree of "candidatus juris", which is one law degree. In 1794 he was hired as a surveyor; in 1798, a Royal inspector of Surveying.

As surveying is related to mathematics, he later studied the geometrical importance of complex numbers. His most important paper, "Om directionens analytiske betegning", ("On the Analytical Representation of Direction") was published in 1799 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters. Since it was in Danish, it was not noticed by many people. Later, Jean-Robert Argand and Carl Friedrich Gauss's paper showed the same results.

One of the more important, but missed ideas shown in Wessel's "Om directionens analytiske betegning" was vectors. Wessel's main thing he wanted to show in the paper was not this, but he felt that the concept of numbers, with length and direction would be needed. Wessel's thoughts on addition was: "Two straight lines are added if we unite them in such a way that the second line begins where the first one ends and then pass a straight line from the first to the last point of the united lines. This line is the sum of the united lines". Today, the same idea is used when adding vectors.

His paper was printed in a French translation in 1899. It was released in English in 1999 as ""On the analytic representation of direction"" (ed. J. Lützen et al.).

Johan Herman Wessel, Wessel's brother was a famous person in Denmark-Norway.

Global Handwashing Day

Global Handwashing Day is a campaign to encourage people around the world to wash their hands with soap. It takes place on October 15 of each year. The campaign's goal is to raise awareness of handwashing with soap as a key way to prevent diseases with hygiene. 

The holiday was made at the annual World Water Week 2008, which was held in Stockholm from August 17 to 23. Out of this week came the Public Private Partnership for Handwashing (PPPHW). The Global Handwashing Day took place for the first time on October 15, 2008, the date appointed by United Nations General Assembly to go along with the year 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation.

The theme for Global Handwashing Day’s inaugural year was Focus on School Children. The members pledged to get the maximum number of school children handwashing with soap in more than seventy countries.


500 home run club

In Major League Baseball (MLB), the 500 home run club is a term given to the group of batters who have hit 500 or more regular-season home runs in their careers. On August 11, 1929, Babe Ruth became the first member of the club. Ruth ended his career with 714 home runs. This record stood from 1935 until Hank Aaron broke it in 1974. Aaron's ending career total, 755, stayed the record until Barry Bonds set the current mark of 762 during the 2007 season. Albert Pujols is the most recent to reach 500 home runs; he hit his 500th home run on April 22, 2014. Twenty-six players are members of the 500 home run club.

Of these 26 players, 14 were right-handed batters, 10 were left-handed, and 2 were switch hitters (meaning they could bat from either side of the plate). The San Francisco Giants are the only franchise to have four players reach 500 home runs while on their roster: Mel Ott while the team was in New York, Willie Mays, Willie McCovey, and most recently Bonds. Four 500 home run club members—Aaron, Mays, Eddie Murray, and Rafael Palmeiro—are also members of the 3,000 hit club. Sheffield's 500th home run was his first career home run with the New York Mets, the first time that a player's 500th home run was also his first with his franchise. Alex Rodriguez, at 32 years and 8 days, was the youngest player to hit 500. Ted Williams, at 41 years and 291 days, was the oldest.

Being a member of the 500 home run club is sometimes described as a guarantee of entry into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Some believe the milestone has become less meaningful in recent years. Four club members who are now eligible for election to the Hall of Fame—Bonds, Sammy Sosa, Mark McGwire and Palmeiro—have not been elected. Eligibility requires that a player has "been retired five seasons" or be dead for at least six months. Some believe the milestone has become less important with the large number of new members; 10 players joined the club from 1999 to 2009. Also, several of these recent members have had ties to performance-enhancing drugs. Some believe that by not electing McGwire to the Hall, the voters were starting a "guideline" on how they would treat players from the "Steroid Era". Since then, Bonds and Sosa have also failed to earn election. Most recently, Palmeiro became the first club member to be dropped from the Hall of Fame ballot, failing to earn enough votes (5% of votes cast) in the 2014 election to stay on the ballot. 



Whittier Daily News

The Whittier Daily News is the local daily newspaper for Whittier, California. The "Daily News" is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group, a division of MediaNews Group. It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group, along with the "San Gabriel Valley Tribune" and the "Pasadena Star-News". 

Thomson Newspapers purchased the newspaper in 1982. Thomson sold the "Daily News" to William Dean Singleton's MediaNews Group in 1996.


San Gabriel Valley Tribune

The San Gabriel Valley Tribune is the daily newspaper in West Covina, California. It serves the San Gabriel Valley. The "Tribune" is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group, a division of MediaNews Group. It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group, along with the "Pasadena Star-News" and the "Whittier Daily News". 

The newspaper chain Brush-Moore bought the "Tribune" in 1960. Thomson Newspapers purchased Brush-Moore in 1967. Thomson sold the "Tribune" to Singleton's MediaNews Group in 1996.


Barrow A.F.C.

Barrow A.F.C. are an English football team. The club was founded in 1901. It is based in the town of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria, England. After they were promoted at the end of the 2007–08 season, they began playing in the Conference National. The club spent over fifty years in the Football League between 1921 and 1972, and have since spent their time in the top two levels of non-league football. Barrow have twice won non-league football's highest cup competition, the FA Trophy - in 1990 and 2010, becoming the only non-league club to have won the trophy at both old and new Wembley stadia.

The club colours are blue and white. The combination of these has varied over time. It has led to their nickname "The Bluebirds". Attendances at the club's Holker Street field vary - the home record of 16,874 was set against Swansea City in the FA Cup Third Round in 1954. But during the 1990s and 2000s, the average remained between 800 and 1,500. Average attendance stood at 1,590 during the 2008-09 season.

The club won their second FA Trophy title on the 8th May 2010 after beating Stevenage Borough 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium.





District 9

District 9 is a 2009 science fiction thriller movie directed by Neill Blomkamp. It was written by Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell, and produced by Peter Jackson and Carolynne Cunningham. The movie stars Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope, and David James. The movie won the 2010 Saturn Award for Best International movie, which is awarded by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films, and was nominated for four Academy Awards in 2010, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Visual Effects, and Best Editing.

The plot is based on a 2005 short movie, "Alive in Joburg", also directed by Blomkamp and produced by Sharlto Copley and Simon Hansen, pivots on the themes of xenophobia and social segregation. The title and plot of "District 9" were based on real-life events that took happened in District Six, Cape Town during the apartheid era. The movie was produced for $30 million and shot on location in Chiawelo, Soweto, showing fictional interviews, new stories, and videos from surveillance cameras in a part-mock documentary style format. A viral marketing campaign began in 2008, at the San Diego Comic-Con, while the theatrical trailer appeared in July 2009. Released by TriStar Pictures, the movie opened to critical acclaim on August 14, 2009, in North America and made $37 million in its first weekend. Lots of people thought that the movie was a sleeper hit for its not very famous cast and modest-budget production, while having success and being popular while it was in theaters.

Notes

Eyre Coote (British Army officer)

Eyre Coote (20 May 1762 – 10 December 1823) was a British soldier and politician who was born in Ireland.

He was known as General Sir Eyre Coote until 1816; GCB 1815 - 1816.

He was the second son of the Very Rev. Charles Coote (1713 - 12 February 1776), DD, Dean of Kilfenora. After studying at Eton and Trinity College Dublin, Coote bought a commission in the 34th Regiment of Foot - of which his uncle was colonel - in 1774.

He was soon sent to North America to fight in the Revolutionary War. He fought in the Brooklyn in August 1776, as well as at Brandywine, Germantown and Monmouth Court House before finally being taken prisoner at the final Battle of Yorktown in 1781. Between 1790 and 1798, he represented Ballynakill in the Irish House of Commons. Then he sat for Maryborough until 1800.

He served in England and Ireland when they were threatened by French invasion and against the French on the Continent. He went on to serve in Holland, Egypt and eventually became Governor-General of Jamaica (1806–1808) where he possibly sired an ancestor of Colin Powell.

Sir Eyre was removed from the service on the 21 May 1816 because of the scandal he caused in the Christ's Hospital school for boys. On 25 November 1815 he entered the school and offered some boys money for an opportunity to flog them. After that he asked them to flog him and gave them money. He was caught by the school nurse, and charged with indecent conduct before the Lord Mayor of London. He was acquitted after giving £1000 to the school: after that there was a military inquiry in April 1816 which stripped him of his rank and honours. He was appointed GCB 1815 and stripped of it 1816.


Pilum

A pilum was a type of spear. It was used by the Roman army. Pila were generally 2 metres long. They were made up of a wooden shaft and an soft iron point.

Tree frog

Tree frogs are frogs that spend most of their life in trees. 

There are several lines of Neobatrachia which have evolved into tree frogs. These groups are only distantly related, but they have evolved for a long time in similar conditions. The result is that now there are species from different groups which look very much like each other. This is convergent evolution. It goes so far that in almost all cases, where one group occurs, another does not. Their current distribution shows that the last common ancestor of the groups lived before the dinosaurs disappeared. 

The frogs do not normally come down to the ground, except to mate and spawn. Some build foam nests on leaves and rarely leave the trees as adults. In some species the eggs develop directly into adults; in others the tadpole stage is spent in the water pool of a large tropical tree leaf.

Many tree frogs can change their colour for better camouflage. Others are poisonous (poison dart frog), and display warning colouration.

Tree frogs are usually tiny, as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs of their habitat. While some reach 10 cm (4 in) or more, they are typically smaller and more slender than terrestrial frogs. 

Typical for "tree frogs" are well-developed discs on the finger and toe tips. The fingers and toes and the limbs tend to be rather long. This gives better grasping ability. The genus "Chiromantis" is most extreme in this respect: it can oppose two fingers to the other two, resulting in a vice-like grip.

Tree frogs are members of these families or genera:


Madagascar (soundtrack)

"Madagascar" is the soundtrack to the 2005 Dreamworks film of the same name. It was released on May 24, 2005 by Geffen Records. It contains Hans Zimmer score, and songs from the movie.

This is a list of Tracks from the soundtrack.



Deportivo Cali

Asociación Deportivo Cali is a Colombian sports club in Cali, Colombia. It is famous for its football (soccer) team. Basketball, volleyball and swimming clubs are also sponsored by Deportivo Cali. Deportivo Cali is one of the best association football teams in Colombia and South America, having won nine national championships in 1965, 1967, 1969, 1970, 1974, 1996, 1998, 2005-II and 2015-I.

Estadio Deportivo Cali is the new stadium for Deportivo Cali can fit 55,000 people. It is the biggest football stadium in Colombia. Estadio Deportivo Cali was officially inaugurated on November 19, 2008. The old stadium, Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero could fit capacity for 50,000 people.

Adidas, Honda, Aguardiente Blanco del Valle, and Tigo are the four largest sponsors of Asociación Deportivo Cali.

Jeff Bezos

Jeff Bezos (born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen; January 12, 1964) is the American founder of Amazon.com, Inc. He was also the chairman, president, and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Amazon.com. However, Bezos said in a blog post he would soon step down from this position and become Executive Chair of the Amazon Board.

Jeff Bezos was born on January 12, 1964, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He showed an early interest in technology and graduated from Princeton with degrees in electrical engineering and computer science. Before founding Amazon in 1994, he worked on Wall Street and later started an online bookstore, laying the foundation for his remarkable entrepreneurial journey.

On February 2, 2021, Bezos announced that he would step down as the CEO of Amazon, to be replaced by Andy Jassy. Bezos became executive chairman on July 5, 2021.

On July 19, 2021 Blue Origin successfully conducts its first human test flight with Bezos going to space.

When markets opened on July 27, 2017, Bezos briefly became the world's richest person, surpassing Bill Gates with a net worth of just over $90 billion. He lost the title later in the day when Amazon's stock dropped, returning him to second place with a net worth just below $90 billion. On October 27, 2017, Bezos again surpassed Gates on the "Forbes" list as the richest person in the world.

In August 2020, Bezos became the first person in history to have a net worth of $200 billion, according to "Forbes".

In January 2021, Elon Musk became the world's richest person. Since then, Bezos is now the world's second-richest person

In February 2019, Bezos published a blog post alleging that "National Enquirer" publisher American Media, Inc. had attempted blackmail and extortion in connection with Bezos' alleged affair with Lauren Sánchez.

Final Cut Pro X

Final Cut Pro X (Final Cut Pro 10) is a video editing software developed by Apple Inc. that was Announced on April 12, 2011. It is an updated version of the non-liner editing software Final cut Pro 7. 

It was released on June 21, 2011 for sale in the Mac App Store and is the controversial successor to Final Cut Pro

Final Cut Pro X shares some of both its code and interface design philosophy with Apple’s consumer video editing software, iMovie.


Laurussia

Laurussia was a minor supercontinent which formed in the Devonian period. It is often called the Old Red Sandstone Continent or Euramerica.

Laurussia included much of what is now northern Europe, Greenland and North America. 

Laurussia formed when 3 continents Baltica, North America, and Avalonia collided with each other during the Silurian. Baltica and Avalonia collided with each other first in the Shelveian Phase of the Caledonian orogeny. Then Avalonia and Baltica collided with North America in the Acadian Phase of the Caledonian orogeny. This drift of Avalonia closed the Iapetus Ocean and opened the Rheic Ocean behind it.

Laurussia became part of Pangaea in the Permian. In the Jurassic, when Pangaea rifted into two supercontinents, Gondwana and Laurasia, Laurussia became part of Laurasia. The Atlantic ocean opened up in the middle of Laurussia, causing it to split into North America and Europe.

Independent State of Croatia

The Independent State of Croatia (Nezavisna Država Hrvatska, NDH) was a Nazi puppet-state during World War II. It was established in April 1941, after the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was split up by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy. Geographically it encompassed most of modern-day Croatia as well as all of Bosnia and Herzegovina and parts of Slovenia and Serbia.

The NDH was ruled by Ante Pavelić and his Ustaše — a racist, terrorist and saboteur organization — which were followers of the Pure Party of Rights founded by Ante Starčević at the end of 19th century. The NDH had a program, formulated by Mile Budak, to purge Croatia of Serbs, by “killing one third, expelling the other third and assimilating the remaining third”. The first part of this programme was begun during WWII by a planned genocide in Jasenovac concentration camp and other places all over NDH.

Following the attack of the Axis powers on the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1941, and the quick defeat of the Yugoslav army ("Jugoslovenska vojska"), the whole country was occupied by Axis forces. Hitler and Mussolini installed the Croatian Ustaše, who had long sought Croatian independence, forming the Independent State of Croatia (NDH - Nezavisna Država Hrvatska).

The establishment of NDH was proclaimed on April 10, 1941 by Slavko Kvaternik, deputy leader of the Ustaše. Ante Pavelić came to power as leader ("Poglavnik") of the Croatian puppet state. Pavelić took power with Mussolini and Hitler's blessing. On paper, it was a kingdom under King Tomislav II of the House of Savoy (the Duke of Split). But Tomislav II was only a figurehead with no real power.
From a strategic perspective, the establishment of the new puppet state was an obvious attempt by Hitler to pacify the now conquered Yugoslav peoples for the purpose of reducing the necessary occupation force to a minimum (in light of his plans for the upcoming Operation Barbarossa). Vladko Maček the head of the Croatian Peasant Party, the strongest elected party in Croatia at the time, refused an offer from Germans to head the government but called on people to obey to and cooperate with the new government the same day Kvaternik made the proclamation. Ante Pavelić arrived on April 20th to become the "poglavnik" (Leader, correlated with "führer"- better to translate as a "Head-man"). The Roman Catholic Church's official stance was also openly positive in this period.

On 19 May 1941 Pavelić and Mussolini, in accordance with the contract signed in Rapallo at the end of WWI between Serbs Kingdom of Jugoslavia and Italy, signed Roma operating contract by which NDH had to cede to Italy (in accordance with Rapallos Contract) almost all of Dalmatia and parts of Hrvatsko primorje and Gorski kotar. NDH was also forbidden to have a navy. These "contracts" illustrate more than anything else the dependence of the country upon the Axis powers.

Much of the population of the Independent State of Croatia was not Croat, mostly because of the inclusion of Bosnia. It had significant populations of Serbs (about 19% of the population of Croatia at the time, over 30% of the population of NDH), Bosnian Muslims (the largest population group of Bosnia at the time, and over 10% of the population of NDH), Germans, Hungarians and others. The Catholics (mainly Croats, Germans and Magyars) constituted just over 50% of the 6.3 million population. Mile Budak, politician and minister of the NDH - also a Croatian writer- immediately took the opportunity to proclaim the Muslims as "Brothers" and wanted to force them to convert to Christianity. Many Croatians agree with the idea that the majority of Bosnian Muslims are actually Croatians who were converted to Islam during the invasion of the Turks in the 15th Century.

Many Bosnian Muslims were accepted the NDH (in many cases were forced to accept it under the penalty of converting to Christianity or being executed) and immediately became involved. 
The most infamous of Islamic Ustase divisions was the 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar. In respect to the soldiers of Muslim faith, a mosque was built in Zagreb - Croatia's capital city- known as "Poglavnikova dzamija" or Poglavnik's Mosque. Despite Pavelić's assurances of equality with the Croats, many Muslims quickly became dissatisfied with Croatian rule. A Muslim leader reported that not one Muslim occupied an influential post in the administration. Fierce fighting broke out between the Ustaše, Chetniks and Yugoslav Partisans in NDH territory. Some Ustaše militia units became convinced that the Muslims were communist sympathizers, and burned their villages and murdered many civilians.

The Ustase almost immediately enacted racial laws that reflected the acceptance of the ideology of Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, with an emphasis placed on Croatian national issues.

The first "Legal order for the defense of the people and the state" dated April 17, 1941 ordered the death penalty for "infringement of the honour and vital interests of the Croatian people and the survival of the Independent State of Croatia". It was soon followed by the "Legal order of races" and the "Legal order of the protection of Aryan blood and the honour of the Croatian people" dated April 30, 1941, as well as the "Order of the creation and definition of the racial-political committee" dated June 4, 1941. The enforcement of these legal acts was done not only through normal courts but also new out-of-order courts as well as mobile courts-martial with extended jurisdictions.

The normal jails could no longer sustain the rate of new inmates and the Ustaša government started preparing the grounds what would become the Jasenovac concentration camp by July 1941. The regime would eventually form concentration camps in eleven different locations.

The Ustaše started conducting a deliberate campaign of mass murder, deportation and forced religious conversion in an attempt to remove the Serbs. The Jews and Gypsies were exposed to total annihilation i.e., to the campaign of mass murder and to, lesser part, deportation.

The Jasenovac concentration camp would become the place of murder of up to a hundred thousand people (some estimate that this camp was the third largest camp of WWII). Overall Ustase death count is estimated at around 600,000 people, but all written records were destroyed to cover it up.

The state of permanent terror, mass killing, raping women and looting properties of their victims in the Independet State of Croatia forced, primarily, the Serbs to rebel. According to the Glaise von Horstenau reports, Hitler was angry with Pavelić whose policy inflamed the rebellion in Croatia - by which Hitler lost ability to engage the Independent State of Croatia forces on the Eastern Front. Moreover, Hitler was forced to engage his forces in quelling the rebellion. For that reason, Hitler summoned Pavelić to his war headquoters in Vinica (Ukraine) on September 23, 1942. Consequently, Pavelić replaced his minister of the Armed Forces, Slavko Kvaternik, with the less zealous Jure Francetić. Before meeting Hitler, to appease the public, Pavelić published the "Important Government's Announcement" (»Važna obavijest Vlade«) in which he threatened those who were spreading the news "about non-existent threats of disarmament of the Ustashe units by representatives of one foreign power, about the Croatian Army replacement by a foreign army, about the possibility that a foreign power would seize the power in Croatia ..." (Hrvatski narod, September 3rd, 1942.)

Hans Helm, the appointed head of Gestapo for the Independent State of Croatia, in his confidential report - (under the title "Basis of the partisan danger" - sent to General Kasche) of January 14, 1943, wrote: "Most of the partisan ranks are coming from the Serbs - due to the fact that they are the most villainous way persecuted ... the new regime in Croatia started the programs of annihilation and destruction of the Serbs, which (the programs) are publicly supported by the highest ranks of the Croatian government, and (the programs) adopted as the main government goal. The fact that a different talk was coming from the official Ustashe side - under the rebellion pressure and due to the course of events - even a reconciliation was mentioned - leaves no possibility to compensate the harm caused by, for example, Dr. Mile Budak, the actual (Croatian) minister in Berlin ..." Appointed general Horstenau wrote in his report: »Ustashe movement is, due to the mistakes and atrocities they have made, and the corruption, so compromised that the government executive branch (the homeguard and the police) shall be separated from the government - even for the price of breaking any possible connection with the government ..."

In August 1944, there was an attempt by Foreign Minister in NDH government Mladen Lorković and Minister of War Ante Vokić to execute a coup d'état against Ante Pavelić. The coup failed and its conspirators were executed.

The NDH army withdrew towards Zagreb with German and Cossak troops by early 1945, and continued fighting for a week after the German surrender on May 9th, 1945. They were soon overpowered and the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) effectively ceased to exist in May 1945, near the end of the war. The advance of Tito's partisan forces, joined by the Soviet Red Army, caused mass retreat of the Ustaše towards Austria.

In May 1945, a large column composed of Ustaša followers and NDH Army troops and civilians retreated from the partisan forces, heading northwest towards Italy and Austria. Ante Pavelić detached from the group and fled to Austria, Italy and finally Argentina. The rest of the group, consisting of over 150,000 soldiers (including Cossak troops) and civilians negotiated passage with the British forces on the Austrian side of the Austrian-Slovenian border. The British Army then turned over a number of them to the partisan forces.

The end of the war resulted in the establishment of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, with the Constitution of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia officially making Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina one of six constituent republics in the new state.



Astro Boy

Astro Boy (鉄腕アトム, "Tetsuwan Atomu", lit. "Iron Arm Atom") is a Japanese manga series first published in 1952 and television program first broadcast in Japan in 1963. The story follows the adventures of a robot named "Astro Boy" and a selection of other characters along the way.

"Astro Boy" is the first, most popular Japanese television series that embodied the aesthetic that later became familiar worldwide as anime. It originated as a manga in 1952 by Osamu Tezuka, revered in Japan as the "God of Manga".


RB Leipzig

RB Leipzig (RasenBallsport Leipzig e.V.) is a German football club from Leipzig.

The club was founded on 19 May 2009 by the Red Bull Company. It was formed out of the SSV Markranstädt. Due to the regulations of the DFB the name Red Bull Leipzig for marketing reasons was forbidden so they were called RB (short for RasenBallsport). Also the logo was forbidden. 

The company was sure that there is a great chance to form a new club, because with the Zentralstadion (now Red Bull Arena) there was a good stadium and there is no club in professional football in the area. The club is now in the Bundesliga. Like in Salzburg many fans protested against this deal because they had the fear that the fanculture will vanish and football will be only a business. So they wanted a "normal" football club.

They started in the Oberliga Nordost-Süd(5th level) and became 1st in the 2009/10 season. But the next season they failed to gain promotion to the 3. Bundesliga. So the coach was changed, the new one is the Austrian Peter Pacult. The first match under the new coach was a 3:2 win in the German Cup (1st round) versus VfL Wolfsburg from the Bundesliga.

 

Notes


2017 DFB Pokal Runners up

2017 Bundesliga Runners up 

2016 Bundesliga 2 Champions 

2014 3.Liga Champions

Arboreal

Arboreal is an adjective in biology for an animal which lives in the trees.

All forests have had animals living in them. Those animals have adaptations which enable them to live and move about in trees. The earliest one known is "Suminia", a synapsid of the late Permian, about 260 million years ago. 

Lamrim

Lamrim (Tibetan: "stages of the path") is a Tibetan Buddhist text which presents the stages in the complete path to enlightenment as taught by Buddha. In Tibetan Buddhist history there have been many different versions of "lamrim", presented by different teachers of the Nyingma, Kagyu and Gelug schools. However, all versions of the "lamrim" are elaborations of Atiśa's 11th Century root text "A Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment".

There is a project to expand the Lamrim Teachings with several translated texts.

Norbulingka Institute

The Norbulingka Institute was founded in 1988, by the present 14th Dalai Lama at Sidhpur, near Dharamsala, India. The institute helps to preserve the Tibetan language and culture.

The institute is named after Norbulingka, the traditional summer residence of the Dalai Lamas, in Lhasa, Tibet. The main building is a replica of the Norbulingka palace in Lhasa

Mobile genetic elements

Mobile genetic elements (MGE) are a type of DNA that can move around within the genome. They include:
The total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome.

Barbara McClintock was awarded the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for her discovery of mobile genetic elements".



Lineage (evolution)

When talking in terms of evolution, a lineage describes how a species developed from the species before it. The species adapted to its environment. Lineages are parts of the tree of life. Very often, genetic information is used to determine the lineage of a species.

Dietrich Stobbe

Dietrich Stobbe (25 March 1938 – 19 February 2011) was a German politician from Weepers, East Prussia.

Stobbe served as Mayor of West Berlin from 2 May 1977 till 23 January 1981. From 1 November 1978 till 31 October 1979 he was also President of the Bundesrat.

Stobbe was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).

He died on the 19 February 2011 at the age of 72 after long illness.


Herald Sun

The Herald Sun is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Melbourne, Australia. It is published by The Herald and Weekly Times, a part of News Limited, which is a part of News Corporation. It can be bought in Melbourne, Regional Victoria, Tasmania, the Australian Capital Territory and border regions of South Australia and Southern New South Wales. The Herald Sun shares many articles with other News Corporation daily newspapers, especially those from Australia.

The "Herald Sun" is the biggest selling daily newspaper in Australia. It sells about 515,000 copies each day and is read by 1,500,000 people.

The "Herald Sun" newspaper was formed in 1990 when the morning tabloid paper "The Sun News-Pictorial" joined with the afternoon broadsheet paper "The Herald". It was first published on 8 October 1990 as the "Herald-Sun". The hyphen in its title was dropped on May 1, 1993.

"The Herald" was started on 3 January 1840 by George Cavanaugh as "The Port Phillip Herald". In 1855, it became "The Melbourne Herald", but a week later became "The Herald". From 1869, it was an evening newspaper. Colonel William Thomas Reay was sometime literary editor and later associate editor, before becoming managing editor in 1904.

"The Sun News-Pictorial" began on 11 September 1922, and bought by The Herald and Weekly Times in 1925.

"The Herald" once sold almost 600,000 copies, but by the time of its 150th anniversary in 1990 it had fallen below 200,000. This was caused by the impact of evening television news and more people using cars to get home from work.'This was much less than that of the morning "Sun".

As a result, The Herald and Weekly Times decided to merge the two, and so after one hundred and fifty years, ten months and two days of publication, "The Herald" was published for the last time as a separate newspaper on 5 October 1990. The next day, "The Sun News-Pictorial" published its last edition. The Sunday editions of the two newspapers had already been merged. The resulting newspaper had both the size and style of "The Sun News-Pictorial".

With sales still falling, the afternoon edition was cancelled, the last edition being published on December 21, 2001. The News Limited now produces "mX" a free afternoon paper that can be picked up from stands throughout the Melbourne CBD. It is not available outside that area.

Recent editors include Peter Blunden, Simon Pristel, Phil Gardner and Bruce Guthrie.

Over the 600 years, the "Herald Sun" has had a range of magazines, pins and memorabilia (usually with an outside partner) that could be obtained by either getting it out of the newspaper, or using a token from the newspaper to collect or purchase the item. Items that have been a part of this scheme include:



The Sunday edition is called the "Sunday Herald Sun". In Sydney it is closely linked with "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Sunday Telegraph". 
In Brisbane, it is linked with "The Courier-Mail" and "The Sunday Mail".
In Adelaide, "The Advertiser" and "Sunday Mail".
In Perth, "The Sunday Times".
In Hobart, "The Mercury" and "The Sunday Tasmanian".
In Darwin, The "Northern Territory News" and "Sunday Territorian".


Klaus Schütz

Klaus Schütz (17 September 1926 in Heidelberg – 29 November 2012 in Berlin) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).

He was Mayor of West Berlin from 1967 to 1977, and was President of the Bundesrat in 1967/68. After his resignation he worked as German Ambassador to Israel until 1981 and Director General of the Deutsche Welle broadcaster from 1981 to 1987. He was also president of the German Red Cross.

Rabiu Afolabi

Rabiu Afolabi (born 18 April 1980 in Osogbo, Nigeria) is a Nigerian soccer player. He plays for F. C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender.
After playing good in the UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup in 1997 he went to Europe and played for Standard Liège. He signed 2000 for SSC Napoli in the Seria A but had no breakthrough. So he went back to Belgium. 2003 till 2005 the played the first time in Austria for FK Austria Wien. After his time in France( FC Sochaux 2005-2009) he signed for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg. 2011 he his in AS Monaco now playing in the League 2 in France

He started with the team of Nigeria in the 1999 African Youth Championship. The he was captain of the Nigerian team at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria, where they reached the quarter finals. On 17 June 2000, he made his first match in the senior team in a 2002 World Cup qualifing match against Sierra Leone. Rabiu Afolabi was member of the Nigerian team for the 2002 and 2010 World Cups.


Scots-Irish

Scotch-Irish or Scots-Irish may refer to;


Ulster Scots people

Ulster Scots are an ethnic group in Ireland, descended from Lowland Scots and English from the border of those two countries, were "Border Reivers". These people first began to occupy Ireland in large numbers with the Plantation of Ulster, ordered by James I of England on land taken from the Irish nobility, mostly in the Province of Ulster. The term "Ulster-Scots" refers to both these colonists of the 17th century and, less commonly, to the Gallowglass who began to arrive from what is now northwest Scotland centuries earlier.

Ulster-Scots were largely descended from colonists from Galloway, Ayrshire, and the Scottish Borders Country, although some descend from people further north in the Scottish Lowlands and the Highlands. Ulster-Scots emigrated in significant numbers to the United States and all corners of the British Empire — Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa — and to a lesser extent to Argentina and Chile in South America. 

"Scotch-Irish" is a traditional term for Ulster Scots who later emigrated to what is now the United States; "Scots-Irish" is a more recent form of the American term, the term has usually been Scotch-Irish in America, as evident in Merriam-Webster dictionaries, where the term Scotch-Irish is recorded from 1744, while Scots-Irish is not recorded until 1972. and is not to be confused with Irish-Scots, i.e., recent Irish immigrants to Scotland.

Dharamshala

Dharamshala is a city in northern India. It is the winter seat of government of the state of Himachal Pradesh and the district headquarters of the Kangra district.

McLeod Ganj, a village within Dharamshala municipality, is the home of the Dalai Lama and the exiled Tibetan government. It is a popular place for Indian and foreign tourists, including students studying Tibet.

<br>

Venerable Order of Saint John

The Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem (), is a royal order of chivalry established in 1831 and found today throughout the Commonwealth of Nations, Hong Kong, Ireland and the United States of America. Its world-wide mission is "to prevent and relieve sickness and injury, and to act to enhance the health and well-being of people anywhere in the world." It is often simply called the "Order of St. John", or as the "Venerable Order of Saint John" (VOSJ) to distinguish it from other similarly named orders.

The order's approximately 25,000 confrères, supported by 4,000 employees and 250,000 volunteers, are mainly Anglicans, though other Christian denominations or other religions are accepted into the order, and honorary membership is presented to distinguished people of other religions. Membership in the order is by invitation only, except via appointment to certain government or ecclesiastical offices in some places. People may not petition for admission. It is perhaps best known through its service organizations, St. John Ambulance and St John Eye Hospital Group, the memberships and work of which are not limited to any denomination or religion.

The original order was divided into langues (tongues). These were groups based on the language that the group spoke.

The Order of St. John's biggest leap forward came in 1888, when Queen Victoria granted the society a royal charter, renaming the order as the "Grand Priory of the Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem in England". This was altered in 1926 to the "Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem", and then in 1936 as the "Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem". In 1961 it played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem, and thereafter finally received through a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta. The most recent royal charter was in 1955, with a supplemental charter released in 1974, recognizing the world-wide scope of the organization by setting its present name. In 1999, the order was granted special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council.

The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is the Sovereign Head of the Order of St. John

Knights and Dames receive the award from the Grand Prior when they are touched on the shoulder with a sword and are given their robes and insignia. Post-nominal letters of the order are not used outside the organization itself, and a Knight and Dame may not use the prefix "sir" or "dame", though they may request from their local heraldic authority a personal coats of arms, should they not already possess any, and have it adorned with emblems of the Order of St. John. Further, membership in the order only grants precedence within the society, which is as follows:


Precedence within each grade is dictated by dates of appointment, save for those in Grade I who are either a head of state or a member of the royal family of a Commonwealth realm, another Commonwealth country, or foreign state, in which case they all precede the other members of the grade in the following order:


Following constitutional changes made in 1999, the Priory of England and The Islands was established (including the Commandery of Ards in Northern Ireland) alongside the existing Priories of Wales, Scotland, Canada, Australia (including the Commandery of Western Australia), New Zealand, South Africa, and, since 1996, the United States, each of which is governed by a Prior and a Priory Chapter. Commanderies, governed by a Knight or Dame Commander and a Commandery Chapter, may exist within or wholly or partly without the territory of a Priory, known as Dependent or Independent Commanderies, respectively. Any country without a Priory or Commandery of its own is assumed into the "home priory" of England and The Islands, many of these being smaller Commonwealth of Nations states in which the order has only a minor presence.

The Order of St. John is said to have arrived in Canada in 1648, as the second Governor of New France, Charles de Montmagny, was a member of the original order, but it was not until 1883 that the first branch of the modern organization was established in the country, at Quebec City, growing to 12 branches by 1892. The Order of St. John today forms part of the Canadian national honours system, and the Priory, established in 1946 out of the Commandery of Canada, is the largest outside of the United Kingdom, with some 6,000 members. The Canadian monarch's viceroy, the governor general, serves as the Prior and Chief Officer in Canada, while the provincial viceroys the lieutenant governors act as the Vice-Priors, overseeing the administration of the order in their respective provinces. These people automatically become Knights or Dames of Justice or Grace upon their swearing-into viceregal office.

An American Society of the Order of St. John was established in 1957 as a foundation to assist the order with charitable work, after 1961 focusing its efforts specifically on the St. John Ophthalmic Hospital in Jerusalem and some other organizations aiding the sick. This branch was successful enough that Queen Elizabeth II in 1996 officially created the Priory of the United States of America, the seventh priory at the time, with John R. Drexel as the first Prior. By late 2000, the US priory had approximately 1,100 members. As citizens of a country that did not have the sovereignty of the Order of St. John vested in its head of state, American inductees who first joined the new Priory were specifically asked to only "pay due obedience" to the governing authorities of the order "in all things consistent with your duty to your own country," thus eliminating any question of loyalty to a foreign head of state superseding American postulants' duties as US citizens.

Upon admission into the Order of St. John, confrères are gifted various insignia of the organization, each level and office being represented by different emblems and robes for wear at important occasions for the order. Common for all members except Esquires is the badge, consisting of an eight-pointed Maltese cross embellished in the four principal angles alternately with two lions passant guardant and two unicorns passant. That for the Sovereign Head is gold with arms of white enamel and the embellishments rendered in gold, all surmounted by a jeweled St. Edward's Crown, while those for the officers of the order are the same save for the Grand Prior's having the crown made only of gold; the Lord Prior's having in place of the St. Edward's Crown the coronet in gold of Albert Edward, Prince of Wales; and the Prelate's having instead a representation of a Mitre in gold. Thereafter, the badges are prescribed as follows:

All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a (for men) or (for women) wide, black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a wide black band at the collar. Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5mm wide ribbon at the neck, and Commanders, Officers, and Members have theirs on a straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast, while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men's fashion, depending on the circumstance and clothing worn. Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, Knights and Dames of Justice or Grace, and Chaplains may all also wear a breast star, which appears the same as their badges, only at a diameter of and without embellishments for those in Grade I and for those in Grade II. Further, those in these groups are also given a button for wear on the lapel of non-formal civilian clothing, for events such as business meetings of the order. In general, the insignia of the Order of St. John may be worn at all occasions where other decorations are worn, not only those connected with the ceremonies of the order.
All members of the Order of St. John are also required to wear specific robes for formal occasions of the society, including a mantle, sopra vest, and hat. The mantles of the Sovereign Head and Grand Prior are all of black silk velvet and lined with white silk, the former's differentiated by an additional train. Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross and, prior to 1926, Knights of Justice formerly wore black silk robes with a lining of the same material and colour; these members now wear the same mantle as Commanders, Officers, and Esquires, which are made of black merino wool faced with black silk. The only other unique mantles are those of the Medical Officer of the St. John Ophthalmic Hospital, which bears a special pattern, and of Chaplains, which is a black silk robe with full sleeves. Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order's star in white silk: the Sovereign Head, Grand Prior, and those in the first two grades of the order all have a diameter emblem; the Sovereign's and Grand Prior's are of white silk with gold adornments, the former's also surmounted by a St. Edward's Crown, while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, Knights and Dames of Justice, and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen, the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk, the latter in white silk. Similarly, the star for Commanders and Officers is of white linen with white silk ornamentation, though they are only and in diameter, respectively. The Secretaries of the order, the priories, and the commanderies also wear the badge superimposed upon two goose quill pens embroidered saltire-wise in white silk.

The sopra (or supra) vest is a long drape of thin, black cloth that buttons close down the neck and to one side, falling to the ankles and cut so as to entirely cover the body. It is similar to a cassock, though it is actually derived from the "supra vesta" a black surcoat worn in the mid 13th century by the Knights of St. John. Confrères in Grade I have a plain, white, 300mm diameter Maltese cross on their sopra vests, while members of Grades II and III, plus Chaplains, have a plain garment, though the wearer's Order of St. John medallion hangs outside the vest, 152mm below the collar. Clerical inductees of the order may, when officiating, wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining, edging, and buttons, a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck. When full mantles and sopra vests are worn a black velvet Tudor style hat is included.

The Sovereign makes all appointments to the order as she, in her absolute discretion, shall think fit, though the constitution does impose certain limitations: the maximum number of members is set at 35,000,

To be inducted, new members must recite the organization's declaration:

Notwithstanding the order's devotion to Christian ideals of charity, and its official position that the order has a "Christian character," its Grand Council has since 1999 affirmed that "profession of the Christian Faith should not be a condition of membership of the Order." The issue of the order's Christian character and the issue of "inclusive membership" was dealt with in the Grand Council's "Pro Fide Report" in 2005, wherein it was said that the order's life is shaped by Christian faith and values, but that "[r]ather than the emphasis being primarily upon 'spiritual beliefs or doctrine' it is on works of mercy rendered through St. John"; therefore, while the Great Officers are required to profess the Christian faith, the same is "not an essential condition of membership" and "[t]he onus is on the man or woman who is invited to the privilege of membership to decide whether he or she can with a good conscience promise to be faithful to the stated aims and purposes of this Christian lay order of chivalry." On the subject of inclusive membership, the report stated "Christian hospitality is a criterion which can be applied to the Order's relationships to persons of other religious faiths," and "the Order needs to be characterized by a hospitable disposition towards other faith traditions while holding fast to its own origins and foundational identity in Christian faith."

As the Order of St. John is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries, each with their own system of orders, decorations, and medals, the order's place of precedence varies from country to country. Unlike with other multi-level orders, all the Order of St. John's grades rank between the society's predecessor and successor; some examples follow:



Jasenovac concentration camp

Jasenovac concentration camp was the largest death camp and concentration camp in the Independent State of Croatia (ISC) during World War II. The camp was created by the Ustaše regime in August 1941 and destroyed in April 1945. Most of the people killed at Jasenovac were ethnic Serbs, who the ISC saw as their main ethnic enemy. The camp also held Jews, Roma, and a number of Croat and Bosniak Yugoslav Partisans and anti-Fascist civilians.

Jasenovac was a complex of five sub-camps covering over on both banks of the Sava River. The largest camp was at Jasenovac, about southeast of Zagreb. The complex included large grounds at Donja Gradina directly across the Sava River; a children's death camp in Sisak; and a Stara Gradiška concentration camp.

The camp's history website says, "We cannot be sure of the exact number of victims of the Ustasha camp in Jasenovac. According to research completed so far, the number can be estimated at between 80,000 and 100,000".

The Independent State of Croatia (ISC) made three orders in 1941:
These orders were enforced through the regular court system, and through new special courts and mobile courts-martial with special powers. By July 1941, there were too many new prisoners to fit in the jails that existed. The Ustaše government began building the Jasenovac concentration camp.

The Independent State of Croatia was created and supported by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy. Because of this, the ISC took on their ideas about race and politics. Jasenovac had a role in the Nazis' "Final Solution." However, the ISC also used the camp for the ethnic cleansing of Romani and Serbian people in Croatia.

The Nazi organizations that directed the Ustaše's death camps were:

The Nazis encouraged the Ustaše's anti-Jewish and anti-Roma actions and showed support for the anti-Serb policy. Soon, it became clear that the Nazis wanted to commit genocide. In a meeting on July 21, 1941, Hitler said to the Croatian military commander, Slavko Kvaternik:

The Jews are the bane of the human kind. If the Jews will be allowed to do as they will, like they are permitted in their Soviet heaven, than they will fulfill their most insane plans. And thus Russia became the center to the world's illness... if for any reason, one nation would endure the existence of a single Jewish family, that family would eventually become the center of a new plot. If there are no more Jews in Europe, nothing will hold the unification of the European nations... this sort of people cannot be integrated in the social order or into an organized nation. They are parasites on the body of a healthy society, that live off of expulsion of decent people. One cannot expect them to fit into a state that requires order and discipline. There is only one thing to be done with them: To exterminate them. The state holds this right since, while precious men die on the battlefront, it would be nothing less than criminal to spare these bastards. They must be expelled, or -- if they pose no threat to the public -- to be imprisoned inside concentration camps and never be released." 

The Jasenovac complex was built between August 1941 and February 1942. The first two camps, Krapje and Bročica, were closed in November 1941.

The three newer camps continued to function until the end of the war:

The camp was built, managed and supervised by Department III of the "Ustaška Narodna Služba" or "UNS" (lit. "Ustaše People's Service"), a special police force of the ISC. Vjekoslav "Maks" Luburić was head of the UNS. At different times, Miroslav Majstorović and Dinko Šakić managed the camp.
The Ustaše interned, tortured and executed men, women and children in Jasenovac. The largest number of victims were Serbs, but other victims included Jews, Bosnian Muslims, Gypsies, and Croatian resistance members opposed to the ISC regime. When they got to the camp, the prisoners were marked with colors: blue for Serbs, and red for "communists" (non-Serbian resistance members). Gypsies had no marks (this was later changed).

Most people who were sent to Jasenovac were killed at execution sites near the camp: Granik, Gradina, and other places. Prisoners who were kept alive were mostly people who had special skills (for example, doctors, pharmacists, electricians, shoemakers, and goldsmiths). They were forced to work at Jasenovac.

The living conditions in the camp were terrible, as was usual for Nazi death camps. Prisoners were fed very little, not given enough clothing or shelter to stay warm, had no health care, and were abused by the Ustaše guards. Also, as in many camps, conditions would be improved temporarily when special groups visited. For example, when members of the press visited in February 1942, and later when a Red Cross delegation visited in June 1944, the prisoners were treated better until the visitors left. Then the living conditions would go back to usual.

Like at all Nazi death camps, the food given to prisoners at Jasenovac was not enough to keep them alive. The kind of food they were given changed over time. In camp Brocice, inmates were given a "soup" made of hot water with starch for breakfast, and beans for lunch and dinner. (These "meals" were served at 6:00, 12:00 and 21:00.) Food in Camp No. III was better at first, with potatoes instead of beans. However, in January, prisoners started getting only one daily serving of thin "turnip soup". By the end of the year, the diet had been changed again, to three daily portions of thin gruel made of water and starch. More changes were made, but prisoners never got enough food to keep them from starving.

The water at Jasenovac was even worse than at most death camps. There was no clean water at the camp. Prisoners were forced to drink water from the Sava River, which was contaminated with "hren" (horseradish).

In the first camps, Brocice and Krapje, inmates slept in regular concentration-camp barracks. These were made of wood and had three tiers (levels) of bunks.

In Camp No. III, which housed about 3,000 prisoners, there was not enough shelter for everyone. At first, inmates slept in the attics of the camp's workshops, in an open depot used as a railway "tunnel", or simply outside in the open. A short time later, eight barracks were built. Inmates slept in six of these barracks. The other two were used as a "clinic" and a "hospital." These were not places where inmates could get medical treatment and get better. They were places where sick inmates were put together to die or be killed.

As in all concentration camps, prisoners at Jasenovac had to work about 11 hours a day. They did hard, forced labor, and were always watched by the Ustaše guards. These guards would execute inmates even for small reasons, and say the inmates were "sabotaging labor."

Ustasas Hinko Dominik Picilli and Tihomir Kordić controlled the labor section. Picilli would personally whip inmates to make them work harder. He divided the "Jasenovac labor force" into 16 groups, including groups of construction workers, brick-workers, metal-works, and agricultural workers. Many inmates died from the hard work. Brick-working was especially hard and dangerous. Inmates working as blacksmiths were forced to make knives and other weapons for the Ustaše. Building dikes was the most feared job of all.

Inside the camp, there was no sanitation. Prisoners had no way to keep things clean, and had to live in terrible conditions. Blood, vomit and dead bodies filled the barracks. The barracks were also full of pests like lice and rats, which spread disease. The barracks smelled terrible because inmates had to use a bucket for a toilet during the evenings. The bucket often spilled.

During breaks from work (from 5:00-6:00; 12:00-13:00, and 17:00-20:00), inmates were allowed to empty their bowels in public latrines. These were big pits that lay bare in the open field, covered with planks of wood. Inmates often fell inside and died. The Ustaše encouraged this by having prisoners separate the planks. Sometimes, the Ustaše would even drown inmates inside the pits. When it rained, these pits would overflow and drain into the lake. This meant that urine and feces would mix into the water which the prisoners had to drink.

Inmates were given rags and blankets, but they were very thin. The barracks were also not enough to keep inmates warm from the cold. Prisoners' clothes and blankets were rarely cleaned. Inmates were allowed to wash them quickly in the lake once a month, except during the winter, when the lake froze. Then, inmates were sometimes allowed to boil a few clothes, but not well enough to get them clean.

Because of these terrible living conditions, inmates suffered from illnesses that led to epidemics of typhus, typhoid, malaria, lung infections, influenza, dysentery, and diphtheria.

The Ustaše took away all of the inmates' clothes and other things. They were given only prison uniforms, made out of rags. In winter, inmates were given thin "rain-coats," and they were allowed to make light sandals. Inmates were given a small personal food bowl, to hold the 0.4 litres of "soup" they were fed. An inmate whose bowl was missing (because another inmate had stolen it to use it as a toilet) would get no food.

During delegation visits, inmates were given bowls twice as large as usual, with spoons. Also, during these visits, inmates were given colored tags.

Prisoners were affected by a constant fear of death, and terrible stress of being in a situation in which the living and dead are very close together.

When they first arrived at the camp, inmates would be shocked by the terrible conditions on the trip to the camp, and in the camp itself. The Ustaše would increase this shock by murdering a number of inmates as soon as they got to the camp, and by temporarily housing new-arrivals in warehouses, attics, in the train tunnel and outdoors.

After the inmates grew familiar with life in camp, they would have to get used to living through the hardships, abuse, torture, and deaths of other prisoners. The danger of death was greatest during "public performances for public punishment," also called selections. Inmates would be lined up in groups, and individuals would be randomly pointed out to be killed while facing the rest. The Ustaše would make this worse by making the process take a long time. They would walk around and ask questions; gaze at inmates; choose one person, then change their mind and choose another.

Inmates reacted to being in Jasenovac in two basic ways. Some became activists. They formed resistance movements (groups who tried to fight the Ustaše in different ways, like stealing food, planning escapes and revolts, and trying to get in touch with people outside the camp). But most of the inmates reacted by just trying to survive, and get through the day unharmed. This was not "going in line to slaughter," but rather another strategy to try to survive.

All inmates suffered from some kind of mental health problems. Some could not stop thinking about food; others became paranoid; some had delusions; some lost control of themselves. Others seemed to lose their sense of hope. Some inmates reacted by trying to write about what was happening to them. For example, Nikola Nikolić, Djuro Schwartz, and Ilija Ivanović all tried to memorize and even write about events, dates and details. This was very dangerous, since writing was punishable by death and tracking dates was hard.

Most of the executions of Jews at Jasenovac occurred before August 1942. After that, the ISC started to deport Jewish prisoners to the Auschwitz concentration camp. In general, Jews were first sent to Jasenovac from all parts of Croatia after being gathered in Zagreb, and from Bosnia and Herzegovina after being gathered in Sarajevo. Some, however, were sent directly to Jasenovac from other cities and smaller towns.

Many inmates sent to Jasenovac were scheduled to be murdered. Strong men who could do hard work, and were sentenced to less than 3 years in prison, were allowed to live. However, anyone who was sentenced to 3 years in prison or longer was immediately scheduled for execution.

The Ustaše used many different kinds of systematic extermination (killing many people at once, using a system). However, they liked using manual methods of killing - killing prisoners with their hands, using tools like knives, saws, and hammers.

The Ustaše cremated living inmates. Some were given drugs, but others were fully awake. They also cremated dead bodies.

When the Ustaše first started cremating people in January 1942, they used brick factory ovens. An engineer named Hinko Dominik Picilli made cremation much easier for them by creating seven better-working crematories.

Crematories were also placed in Gradina, across the Sava River. The State Commission says "there is no information that [the Gradina crematory] ever went into operation." Later testimony, however, says this crematory was used.

Some bodies were buried rather than cremated. Their bodies were dug up late in the war.

The Nazis had used poison gas to kill many prisoners in their concentration camps. Following this example, the Ustaše tried to use poison gas to kill inmates that arrived in Stara-Gradiska. At first, they tried to gas the women and children that arrived from camp Djakovo with gas-vans that Simo Klaić called "green Thomas". Later, they built gas chambers and used Zyklon-B and sulphur monoxide to kill prisoners.

Granik was a ramp used to unload goods from boats on the Sava River. In winter 1943-44, prisoners who did farming work had no jobs to do, since the ground was frozen. Meanwhile, large numbers of new prisoners arrived. By this time, the Axis powers were expected to lose World War II, and the Ustaše wanted to kill as many people as possible before that happened. They decided to execute people on the ramp, so that after they were killed, their bodies could be dumped into the river.

Every night for about 20 days, Ustaše officers brought in lists of prisoners who they planned to execute. They stripped, chained, and beat these prisoners. Then they took them to the Granik. There, weights were tied to them; their intestines and necks were cut; they were hit in the head; and then they were thrown into the river. Over time, the Ustaše changed this method, so that inmates were tied in pairs, back to back, and their bellies were cut open before they were tossed into the river alive.

Gradina and Ustice were villages around Jasenovac. The Ustaše chose some empty areas near these villages, and used wire to mark off an area for a massacre and mass graves. They gathered many prisoners there and killed them with knives or by smashing their skulls with hammers.

When Roma people (Gypsies) arrived in the camp, they did not undergo selection, because they were all scheduled to be killed. They were taken to Gradina. In between massacres, the men would be forced to work on the dike, and the women would be forced to work in the cornfields in Ustice. Eventually, they would all be killed. Thus Gradina and Ustice became Roma mass grave sites. The Ustaše killed more and more people Gradina, until it became the main killing-ground in Jasenovac. Grave-sites were also located in nearby Ustica and in Draksenic.

Mlaka and Jablanac were used as camps where women and children were held and forced to work. However, many women, children, and men were killed at the Sava River bank between the two camps.

According to the State Commission, as many as 50,000 people were killed here in the winter of 1941 to 1942. Evidence says that more people were also killed here after that winter.

In the late summer of 1942, the ISC sent tens of thousands of Serbian villagers were to Jasenovac. The villagers had lived in the Kozara mountain area (in Bosnia), where ISC soldiers were fighting against the Yugoslav Partisans. The women villagers were sent to do forced labor in Germany. Children were taken from their mothers and either killed or sent to Catholic orphanages. However, most of the men were killed at Jasenovac.

On the night of August 29, 1942, the camp's guards made bets about who could kill the most prisoners. One of the guards, Petar Brzica, reportedly cut the throats of about 1,360 of the new prisoners, using a butcher knife that became known as "srbosjek" ("Serb-cutter"). Other guards who admitted taking part in the bet included Ante Zrinušić, who killed about 600 inmates, and Mile Friganović, who gave a detailed and consistent report of what happened. Friganović admitted to killing 1,100 inmates. He specifically talked about how he tortured an old man named Vukasin. He ordered the man to bless the Ustaše leader, Ante Pavelić. The old man refused, even though Friganović cut off his ears, nose, and tongue every time he refused. Eventually, he cut out the old man's eyes, tore out his heart, and cut his throat. Dr. Nikola Nikolić saw this happen.

In April 1945, as Yugoslav Partisan units neared the camp, the Ustaše guards tried to get rid of evidence of their crimes and the people who knew what they had done. They tried to kill as many prisoners as possible, as fast as they could. On April 22, 600 prisoners revolted; 520 were killed and 80 escaped. Not long after the prisoners revolted, the Ustaše abandoned the camp. However, first, they killed the prisoners who were still alive. They also blew up and destroyed the buildings, guardhouses, torture rooms, crematoriums, and other parts of the camp. When they entered the camp, the Partisans found only ruins, soot, smoke, and dead bodies.

By the end of 1945, the rest of Jasenovac was destroyed.

Historians have had difficulty figuring out exactly how many people died at Jasenovac. Today, the most common estimate is that tens of thousands of people died at the camp. Before the 1990s, the most common estimate was that hundreds of thousands had died.

These estimates are very different for many reasons. The Ustaše did not keep accurate records. Different people use different ways of estimating deaths. Sometimes, the people making estimates have political biases. In some cases, entire families were killed at the camp, leaving no one to submit their names to lists of the dead. On the other hand, the lists sometimes include the names of people who died in other places; people who survived; or people who are on more than one list.


The Yad Vashem center claims that over 500,000 Serbs were killed in the Independent State of Croatia. This includes Serbs who were killed at Jasenovac. The Simon Wiesenthal Center estimates the same.

According to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, Jasenovac's victims included "between 45,000 and 52,000 Serb residents of the so-called Independent State of Croatia; between 12,000 and 20,000 Jews; between 15,000 and 20,000 Roma (Gypsies); and between 5,000 and 12,000 ethnic Croats and Muslims, who were political and religious opponents of the regime."

There are many different documents from the time that Jasenovac existed, written by many different people. At the time, the Germans and Italians were fighting Yugoslav Partisans for control of Yugoslavia. People from both sides of that fight wrote about Jasenovac. The Ustaše themselves also wrote about the camp; so did the Vatican. Comparing all of these different accounts can help with estimates of how many people died at the camp.

As the war went on, German generals wrote reports on the number of Serbs, Jews, and others killed in the Independent State of Croatia. In 1943, three different generals estimated that 300,000 to 400,000 Serbs had been killed. By March 1944, Ernst Fick wrote that 600,000 to 700,000 Serbs had been killed. Hermann Neubacher wrote:

"When prominent Ustashi [Ustaše] leaders claimed that they slaughtered a million Serbs (including babies, children, women and old men), that is, in my opinion, a boastful exaggeration. On the basis of the reports submitted to me, I believe that the number of defenseless victims slaughtered to be three quarters of a million. (Neubacher, Dr. Hermann. Special Assignment in the Southeast, p. 18-30.)
Italian generals reported similar figures to their commanders. The Vatican's sources also wrote of similar figures. For example, Eugen Tisserant reported that 350,000 Serbs had been killed by the end of 1942. Godfried Danneels estimated that a total of "over 500,000 people" were killed.
The Ustaše themselves claimed that they had killed many more people. Vjekoslav "Maks" Luburić, commander-in-chief of all the Croatian camps, once bragged about Jasenovac's "efficiency." At a ceremony on October 9, 1942 - just a year after the camp was created - he said: "We have slaughtered here at Jasenovac more people than the Ottoman Empire was able to do during its occupation of Europe." The Ustaše general headquarters once published a pamphlet that said: "the concentration and labor camp in Jasenovac can receive an unlimited number of internees [prisoners]." Finally, Miroslav Filipovic-Majstorovic, once captured by Yugoslav forces, tried to minimize the crimes committed in Jasenovac by saying that during the three months that he ran the camp, 20,000 to 30,000 people died. In other sources, that three months' death toll is displayed as 40,000.

In 1945, the new Yugoslavian government, led by Tito, paid for a report by the National Committee of Croatia. The report looked into the crimes committed by the Ustaše and their allies. The report, dated November 15, 1945, stated that 500,000 to 600,000 people were killed at the Jasenovac complex. These figures were used by researcher Israel Gutman in the "Encyclopedia of the Holocaust"; by the Simon Wiesenthal Center; and by others.

Logically, the number of deaths in Jasenovac would depend on a few different things:

Also, crematories were built in Jasenovac as far back as January 1942, because the Ustaše were having trouble burying all of the camp's dead bodies. This suggests that many people were already dying at the camp. In addition, later that year, prisoners were being killed with poison gas in Stara-Gradiska, in both gas chambers and vans.

Some of the camp's officials and their post-war fates are listed below:


The Jasenovac Memorial Museum was temporarily abandoned during the Yugoslav wars. In November 1991, Simo Brdar, a former associate director of the Memorial, collected the documentation from the museum and brought it to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Brdar kept the documents until 2001, when he gave them to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, with the help of SFOR and the government of Republika Srpska.

With the help of former U.S. Congressman Anthony Weiner, the New York City Parks Department, the Holocaust Park Committee, and the Jasenovac Research Institute created a public monument to the victims of Jasenovac in April 2005 (on the sixtieth anniversary of the camp's liberation). Ten Yugoslavian Holocaust survivors were there, along with diplomats from Serbia, Bosnia, and Israel. It is the only public monument to Jasenovac victims outside of the Balkans. Ceremonies are held there every April.




Geshe Sonam Rinchen

Geshe Sonam Rinchen was born in Kham in Eastern Tibet in 1933. In 1945, he joined Dhargyey Monastery, and entered Sera monastery in Lhasa in 1952, where he studied until he was forced to leave Tibet in 1959.

In India he completed his studies for the degree of Geshe Lharampa which he received in 1980. He also received the degree of Acarya from the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies in Sarnath. He was appointed resident teacher at the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives in Dharamsala, India in 1978, where he teaches Buddhist philosophy and practice, mainly to westerners. He has also taught in Japan, Australia, Great Britain, South Korea, Ireland, New Zealand and Switzerland.



Geshe Acharya Thubten Loden

Geshe Acharya Thubten Loden leads the Tibetan Buddhist Society in Australia. Geshe Loden established the Peaceful Land of Joy Meditation Centre in Victoria, and has written many books. In 2011, he was named Hume Citizen of the Year.

Born in 1924, Geshe Loden became a monk at the age of seven. Completing his study of all divisions of Buddhist philosophy, he was awarded the Geshe Lharampa degree from Sera Monastery in Tibet, and an Acharya degree from Varanasi's Sanskrit university in India. He also gained a Master's qualification in Vajrayana Buddhism after six years' study at Gyudmed Tantric College. Geshe Loden originally came to Australia in 1976 as a Tibetan refugee.

Geshe Loden has written many books on Tibetan Buddhism, including:




Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition

The FPMT (Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition) is a group of Buddhist centers focusing on the Gelugpa tradition of Tibet. Founded in 1975 by Lama Thubten Yeshe and Lama Thubten Zopa Rinpoche, who began teaching Buddhism to Western students in Nepal, the FPMT has grown to encompass 150 teaching centers, projects, and social services in 33 countries. Since the death of Lama Yeshe in 1984, the FPMT's spiritual director has been Lama Zopa Rinpoche.


Gerhard Tremmel

Gerhard Tremmel (born 16 November 1978 in Munich) is a German football goalkeeper. He plays for Swansea City in the Premier League.
He played in the youth teams of Bayern Munich and 1860 Munich and was transferred to SpVgg Unterhaching where he made his senior debut. He left Bavaria in 2002 and played for Hannover 96, Hertha BSC Berlin (1st and 2nd team) and for Energie Cottbus. After four seasons with Cottbus he intended to go back to Berlin, but finally he signed one year for FC Red Bull Salzburg to replace the injured goalkeeper Eddie Gustafsson. He only got 13 goals in the 2010/11 season, this made him to the best goalkeeper in the Austrian Bundesliga.

In 2011 he went to Swansea City which plays in the Premier League.


Macropodiformes

Macropodiformes is one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia. Kangaroos, wallabies and allies, bettongs, potaroos and rat kangaroos are all in this suborder.

Smoke (movie)

Smoke is an American independent movie released in 1995. It was produced by Hisami Kuroiwa, Harvey Weinstein and Bob Weinstein. It was directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster. Auster also wrote the screenplay.

Harvey Keitel, Snoop Dogg, William Hurt, Victor Argo, Forest Whitaker, Ashley Judd, Stockard Channing and Harold Perrineau Jr. all appear in the movie.

The movie follows the lives of several characters. Their lives are connected because they are all customers at a small tobacco shop in Brooklyn, New York. The store manager is the main character, Auggie (Harvey Keitel). In the movie, the Brooklyn Cigar Co. was on the corner of 16th Street and Prospect Park West.

"Blue in the Face" was the next movie by the same directors. It follows the lives of some of the same characters and new characters join the story.

Won

Nominated

Yew

A yew is a coniferous tree. The name is mainly used for species of the genus Taxus, and sometimes for other conifers in the family Taxaceae. 

All species of yew contain highly poisonous alkaloids known as taxanes. All parts of the tree except the arils (red 'fruits') contain the alkaloid. 

The arils are edible and sweet, but the seeds are dangerously poisonous. Unlike birds, the human stomach can break down the seed coat and release the taxanes into the body. It can have fatal results if yew 'berries' are eaten without removing the seeds first. 

The seeds and leaves will kill cattle and horses, but deer can break down the poisons and will eat yew foliage freely. Deer browsing of yews is often so extensive that wild yew trees are restricted to cliffs and steep slopes the deer cannot get to. The foliage is also eaten by the larvae of some Lepidopteran insects including the willow beauty moth.

Yews are slow growing and can be very long-lived, and reach heights of 1-40 m, with trunk diameters of up to 4 m. They have reddish bark, spear-shaped flat, dark-green leaves 1-4 cm long and 2-3 mm broad, arranged spirally on the stem, but with the leaf bases twisted to align the leaves in two flat rows either side of the stem.

The tree is dioecious: the sexes are on separate trees. The seed cones are highly modified, each cone containing a single seed 4-7 mm long partly surrounded by a modified scale which develops into a soft, bright red berry-like structure called an aril, 8-15 mm long and wide and open at the end. 

The arils are mature 6-9 months after pollination, and are eaten by thrushes, waxwings and other birds, which disperse the hard seeds undamaged in their droppings. 

The male cones are round, 3-6 mm diameter, and shed their pollen in early spring. Yews are mostly dioecious, but occasional individuals can be variably monoecious, or change sex with time.

All the yews are very closely related to each other, and often described together as "Taxus baccata". They are Gymnosperms in the Pinophyta. They appear in the early Cretaceous period.

Yew wood is reddish brown (with whiter sapwood), and is very springy. It was traditionally used to make bows, especially the longbow.

Wichita Falls, Texas

Wichita Falls is a city in Wichita Couty, Texas, United States. The population of Wichita Falls was 102,316 in 2020. The mayors of Wichita Falls are Glenn Barham, Linda Ammons, Michael Smith, Dorothy Roberts Burns, Rick Hatcher, Tim Ingle and Mary Ward. Wichita Falls was founded on Sept. 27, 1872 when the Choctaw Indians settled the area in the early 18th century and then white settlers arrived in the 1860s to form cattle ranches.


Diastole

Diastole () is the time during a heart beat when the heart fills with blood after a contraction. The contraction of the heart is called systole and is the opposite of diastole. The term "diastole" comes from the Greek word "διαστολη". This means expanding or opening.

There are two types of diastole. 

During ventricular diastole, the pressure in the (left and right) ventricles drops. When the pressure in the left ventricle becomes lower than the pressure in the left atrium, the mitral valve opens. The blood then flows from the atrium into the ventricle. The speed at which the blood flows into the ventricles can be used to diagnose diastolic dysfunction.

Because the heart relaxes during diastole, "diastolic pressure" is the lowest pressure within the arterial blood stream during each heart beat. The highest arterial pressure happens when the heart muscle contracts, and is called systolic pressure.

When blood pressure is measured for medical purposes, diastolic pressure is the second number in the "ratio" of systolic to diastolic pressure; for example: 120/80. 



Systole

Systole is the last stage of a heart beat. It happens right after diastole, when the heart refills with blood. During systole, the heart's two ventricles contract (squeeze). (The ventricles are the largest parts of the heart, which pump blood to the body and lungs.) 

During systole, the heart muscle gets an automatic electrical signal that tells the heart to contract (squeeze). This makes the blood flow out of the heart. 

Above the ventricles are smaller chambers (sections) of the heart called atria. They contract (squeeze) during the last part of diastole, and send blood down to the larger, lower ventricles. The atria have valves that close after this so blood cannot flow backward into the atria. 

When the ventricles are filled and the valves to the atria are closed, the ventricles contract. So, the atria and ventricles contract in sequence. The left and right atria feed blood into the ventricles. Then, the left and right ventricles contract. 

The right ventricle pumps blood to the lungs, and the left ventricle pumps blood to the rest of the body. This is why we have a pulse.

Because the heart muscle contracts during systole, "systolic pressure" is the highest pressure in the arterial blood stream during each heart beat. (Blood causes the most pressure against the walls of the arteries when it is being pushed out during systole). The lowest arterial pressure happens when the heart muscle relaxes, and is called "diastolic pressure".

When blood pressure is measured for medical purposes, systolic pressure is the first number in the "ratio" of systolic to diastolic pressure. For example, if a person's blood pressure is 120/80, 120 is the systolic pressure, and 80 is the diastolic pressure.


Cassini

Cassini could mean:


Halite

Halite is the mineral a lot of people call "rock salt". It is a different form of sodium chloride (NaCl). It looks like it is made out of cubes.

Psychoactive drug

A psychoactive drug, psychopharmaceutical, or psychotropic is a chemical substance that crosses the blood-brain barrier. Its action affects the central nervous system. It can affect the brain and change perception, mood, consciousness, cognition and behaviour. Hypnotics are often prescribed to help people sleep. Sometimes they are also used in rituals, or as illegal drugs. These drugs enable their users to change their consciousness. This can also help students when they are preparing their examinations. Certain therapies also use such substances. 

Psychoactive substances change the consciousness and mood of their user. The people using them may have pleasant feelings, such as euphoria or they may be more alert. For this reason, many psychoactive substances are abused: They are used outside the aims of the treatment. This may lead to the user developing a psychological and physical dependence (""addiction""). It will get more difficult to interrupt the cycle of abuse. 

Drug rehabilitation aims to break this cycle of dependency; this is done with psychotherapy, support groups and even other psychoactive substances: Acamprosate or naltrexone are examples of substances used to treat alcoholism, methadone or buprenorphine maintenance therapy in the case of opioid dependency. However, the reverse is also true in some cases, that is certain experiences on drugs may be so unfriendly and uncomforting that the user may never want to try the substance again. This is especially true of the deliriants (e.g. "datura") and dissociatives (e.g. "salvia divinorum").

In part because of this potential for abuse and dependency, the ethics of drug use are the subject of a continuing philosophical debate. Many governments worldwide have placed restrictions on drug production and sales in an attempt to decrease drug abuse. Ethical concerns have also been raised about over-use of these drugs clinically, and about their marketing by manufacturers.

Mangalore

Mangalore is a city in the state of Karnataka, India. It is the capital city of Dakshina Kannada district. It is a port city. It is located on the Arabian Sea. It is the largest city in the Tulu Nadu region.

People in Mangalore speak many languages like Kannada, Tulu, Konkani and Beary.

West Coast of the United States

The West Coast of the United States is a term that generally refers to the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. Depending on the context, it can also include Alaska and/or the state of Hawaii. Almost 50 million people live in these five states. The region includes the cities of Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Anchorage, Portland and San Diego.

Stryper

Stryper is a Christian metal band from Orange County, California. The group's lineup consists of Michael Sweet (lead vocals, guitar), Oz Fox (guitar), Tim Gaines (bass guitar), and Robert Sweet (drums). In 2004 Gaines left the band and was replaced by Tracy Ferrie (bass guitar) but rejoined in 2009.

Formed in 1983 as Roxx Regime, they would change their message and name to Stryper to go on to be the first Christian rock band to be recognized by the mainstream. In 1983 they were signed by Enigma Records and released their first album The Yellow and Black Attack. By the mid-1980s, Stryper saw their most successful period starting with the release of To Hell with the Devil which achieved Platinum sales status. Stryper would go on to release two more Gold albums before breaking up in 1992. In 2003 Stryper came out of retirement for a reunion tour and subsequently signed a multi-album contract with Big3 Records in 2005.

The name "Stryper" derives from the King James Version of the Bible. "But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities:
the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed." The reference, Isaiah 53:5, is frequently included as part of their logo. Stryper's drummer, Robert Sweet, also created a backronym for their name: "salvation through redemption, yielding peace, encouragement and righteousness".



Christian metal

Christian metal, also known as 'white metal', is a form of heavy metal music which a Christian band makes to praise Jesus. Christian metal is typically performed by professed Christians, sometimes principally for Christians who listen to heavy metal music. It is often produced and distributed through various Christian networks.

Christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music, and the only common link between most Christian metal bands are the lyrics. The Christian themes are often melded with the subjects of the genre the band is rooted in, regularly providing a Christian take on the subject matter. It has been argued that the marginal yet transnational Christian metal subculture provides its core members an alternative religious expression and Christian identity, and that the music serves the purpose of offering a positive alternative or counterbalance to secular metal music which is known for its generally dark and negative message.

Christian metal emerged in the late 1970s as a means of evangelism to the wider heavy metal music scene, and was pioneered by the American Resurrection Band and Swedish Jerusalem. Los Angeles' Stryper achieved wide success in the 1980s, otherwise the genre was mostly ignored by the mainstream. California's Tourniquet and Australia's Mortification led the movement in the 1990s. The metalcore groups Winter Solstice, Underoath, Demon Hunter, As I Lay Dying, and Norma Jean (dubbed by Revolver Magazine as "The Holy Alliance") brought some mainstream attention to the movement in the first decade of the 21st century, achieving ranks in the Billboard 200.


Jerusalem (rock band)

Jerusalem is a Swedish Christian rock band, founded in 1975 by Ulf Christiansson. It was one of the first bands to combine Christian lyrics with a hard rock sound.

Jerusalem's message was primarily aimed at youth, with their lyrics describing the band's relationship to God in an ordinary, but radical way. The band's purpose was expressly evangelistic. Their concerts have been described as a series of revival meetings which often included altar calls and occasionally exorcisms.¡When the band first toured in the mid-1970s in Sweden, their combination of Christian lyrics with a hard rock sound was very controversial. The band was only permitted to perform at a few churches.

"For albums released in both Swedish and English versions, the English titles are in parentheses."




Neobatrachia

Neobatrachia is a suborder of the Anura, which contains all frogs and toads. It is the most advanced (derived or apomorphic) and by far the largest of the three suborders. Its over 5,000 species make up over 96% of all living anurans. 

Hydrosphere

The hydrosphere is the total mass of water on, under, and over the surface of a planet. It is part of physical geography. The oceans, rivers, and lakes are all part of the hydrosphere. Some electricity is made by the hydrosphere.

The total mass of the Earth’s hydrosphere is about 1.4 × 10 grams, which is about 0.023% of the Earth’s total mass. Around 2 × 10 grams of this is the Earth’s atmosphere. In addition, 71% of the Earth’s surface, an area of 361 million square kilometers, is covered by ocean.


Bohuslav Martinů

Bohuslav Martinů (born Polička, Bohemia, 8 December 1890; died Liestal, Switzerland, 28 August 1959) was a Czech composer. He wrote an enormous amount of music, including six symphonies, 15 operas, 14 ballet scores and many orchestral, chamber, vocal and instrumental works. His music is often inspired by his native country.

Martinů was born in the tower of a town church and that is where he spent the first seven years of his life, away from the rest of the world. When he was old enough to go to school he had to climb the 193 steps down to the street every day. He started to have violin lessons from the local tailor. He was very shy because he was used to being all by himself with his family in the tower, but he made good progress and in 1905 gave his first violin recital.

Martinů soon started to compose music and nothing else interested him very much. He went to the Prague Conservatory to study the violin but he preferred going to the theatre and reading. In 1909 he changed to the organ school but he did no work and was expelled from school.

He managed to avoid fighting in the World War I by composing. After the war he became a member of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra, playing second violin.

In 1923 he moved to Paris where he stayed for 17 years. He was very poor. He had some lessons with Albert Roussel and soon became known as a composer. He married in 1931 and his wife worked hard to earn money so that he could spend his time composing. He liked to use Czech folk stories and literature as inspiration for his music.

In 1940 he had to leave Paris to escape from the Nazis. He spent several months living rough, often sleeping on stationplatforms. In March 1941 he and his wife managed to get to New York.

Life in the United States was hard for him. He spoke no English and people there did not know his music. He had left all his scores behind. However, he worked hard and the famous conductor Sergei Koussevitsky asked him to write a symphony. His music still sounded very Czech. After World War II he very much wanted to go back to his own country, but the communist government made that impossible. He had a bad fall and it took him years to recover properly. He taught at Princeton University, then he retired to Nice in France. He died of cancer in Basle.

Bohuslav Martinů wrote a lot of music. He loved sitting down and writing music. Once he had finished a composition he was never very interested in hearing it performed or what happened to it. As a result, some of his music is very good but some of it is less interesting. One of his last works was called "Řecké Pašije" ("The Greek Passion") which uses Greek folk melody and church chant. He was never influenced by American music, he preferred the modes, folktunes, bagpipe drones and mountain calls of his native country. His music can often be described as neoclassical in style.


Gallipoli Campaign

The Gallipoli Campaign was an Allied attack on the Gallipoli peninsula during World War I. The campaign took place between April 25, 1915, and January 9, 1916. The Allied forces of the British Empire and of French fought the Ottoman Empire.

The purpose of the attack was to allow ships to bring supplies via the Black Sea to help Russia break the stalemate on the Eastern Front. 

The campaign started with a naval attack along the Dardanelles. Naval mines sank or damaged several ships, and the Ottomans fought back and stopped the Allies from entering the Sea of Marmara. It was decided that if the Russians were to receive any British help, a land invasion was necessary.

On April 25, 1915, Allied forces landed at various locations along the Gallipoli Peninsula. Many British soldiers landed in the wrong places, which caused heavy casualties. The British landed at Cape Helles and the ANZACs landed at a place that was later known as Anzac Cove. However, the Allies did not push on. Instead, they were told to dig trenches and wait for an Ottoman attack. There was trench warfare until the evacuation of all Allied troops was finally ordered. The campaign is widely viewed as an Allied failure. 

The British historian A.J.P. Taylor wrote of the Gallipoli campaign: "The Gallipoli expedition was a terrible example of an ingenious strategical idea carried through after inadequate preparation and with inadequate drive."

Mustafa Kemal led the Ottoman defenders in what was the only important victory in the war and so he became a hero. Years after the war ended, he became the first President of Turkey. He paid tribute to the ANZAC soldiers who had died there.

Sparassodont

The Sparassodonta were an order of carnivorous metatherian mammals. They are all now extinct.

The sparassodonts were native to South America. They were once thought to be true marsupials, but are now classified as a sister taxon to them. 

A number of these mammalian predators closely resemble placental predators that evolved separately in Eurasia. They were first described by Florentino Ameghino, from fossils found in the Santa Cruz beds of Patagonia.

Members of the order Sparassodonta showed many similarities with placental carnivora, but they were not closely related. They are a very good example of convergent evolution. 

For example, sparassodont molars were similar to the meat slicing teeth of modern cats. The canines were also lengthened, and in some cases, such as "Thylacosmilus", resemble those of saber-toothed cats like "Smilodon". Their body size varied, ranging from 80 cm (2 ft 8 in) long to the size of today's modern big cats.

Another family of large predators wrere the borhyaenids, which were more like wolves or dogs.

†Hathliacynidae
†Borhyaenidae
†Proborhyaenidae
†Thylacosmilidae

Rudi Hiden

Rudi Hiden (Josef Rudolf Hiden, born 9 March 1909 in Graz, Styria, Austria – died 11 September 1973 in Vienna) was an Austrian–French footballer. He was goalkeeper. After his career as player he became football coach.
He started playin football with Grazer A.K., where he played from 1925 - 1927. Then he went to Vienna, where he played for WAC(1927-1933). 1933 he planed to went to Arsenal London, but the Players Union did not allow this, so he went on to RC Paris together with Auguste Jordan, another Austrian footballer. 1937 he took the French nationality and played once for the French team in a 1940 match versus Portugal.
He started at the age of 19 in a match versus Yugoslavia(3:0). His second match he played two years later, he was very good so he became No.1 goalkeeper of the Austrian team. He was the goalkeeper in the golden age of the Austrian team, the so-called Wunderteam (Wonderteam). In the early 1930 the team played 15 matches and won 12 and lost only one game (in Wembley versus England 3:4)

After his footballer career he became coach of different teams in Italys Seria B.


Brahmavar

Brahmavar is a town in India. It is in Udupi district of Karnataka State. It is near to the capital of the Tulu Nadu kingdom. It is on National Highway 17.

AB III

AB III is the third studio album by American rock band Alter Bridge. It was released on October 8, 2010 in Germany and Australia, since then released worldwide through late 2010 and early 2011. It received critical acclaim, and debuted at #17 in the "Billboard" 200 with more than 28,000 copies sold.

It contains one of Alter Bridge most successful songs, "Isolation" which peaked at #1 at the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.



Macaw

A macaw is a New World parrot. Some of the species are large birds, the largest of the parrots. Macaws are native to Mexico, Central America, South America, and formerly the Caribbean.

Macaws, like all parrots, are unusually intelligent birds. The usual thing for parrots is to pair for life. They stay together even out of the mating season. They often fly in formation, one above the other.

Macaws eat a variety of foods including seeds, nuts, fruits, palm fruits, leaves, flowers, and stems. Wild species may forage widely, over for some of the larger species such as "Ara araurana" (blue & yellow macaw) and "Ara ambigua" (great green macaw), in search of seasonally available foods. 

In the western Amazon, hundreds of macaws and other parrots descend to exposed river banks to lick clay almost daily, except on rainy days. 

It was suggested that parrots and macaws in the Amazon basin eat clay from exposed river banks to neutralize toxins. 

The clay eating behavior of parrots was studied at clay licks in Peru. Apparently, macaws and other birds and animals prefer clays with higher levels of salt. Sodium is a vital element which is scarce in environments over 100 kilometers from the ocean. 


Harrison Bergeron

"Harrison Bergeron" is a science fiction short story by Kurt Vonnegut. It was first published in 1961. The story is set in a future where the United States government thinks everyone should be equal, so the government gives people "handicaps". People who are strong must carry heavy weights, and people who are smart must wear a radio that sends out signals that distract them.

Harrison Bergeron is a boy who is very talented. He gets rid of his handicaps and dances with a ballerina on national television. The government kills him for doing this. His parents are watching, but are too distracted by their handicaps to understand what is going on.

Some conservatives have thought the story has a conservative point of view, although Vonnegut was not a conservative.

The Cramps

The Cramps were an American punk rock band, formed in 1976 and active until 2009. The band split after the death of lead singer Lux Interior. They were part of the early CBGB punk rock movement that had emerged in New York. The Cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly, and they inspired many of the early gothic rock bands.






Young Bond

Young Bond is a series of young adult spy books. It is written by English author Charlie Higson. There are five books in the series. The series is about the fictional spy James Bond (who was originally invented by Ian Fleming) as a teenager. The series is set in the 1930s and Bond's school is Eton College. The books are published by Puffin Books in the United Kingdom.

The first novel in the series is "SilverFin". It was published in 2005 and, since then, the series has become very successful.

The official website for the books is www.youngbond.com.

The series has received many positive reviews, with many people liking the tension and the action. "The Guardian" newspaper said that "SilverFin" is "a well-crafted page-turner with substance".

G. L. Pridgen

Gaston Layton Pridgen, known as G. L. Pridgen (born ca. 1944), is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly and the North Carolina House of Representatives. In the House of Representatives, he represents the 46th District, including constituents in Hoke, Robeson and Scotland counties. A retired telecommunications technician from Laurinburg, North Carolina, Pridgen also has experience in the United States Military.

Pridgen was born in Robeson County, where he graduated from Littlefield High School and studied at Robeson Community College. His career with Southern Bell Telephone Company, which later became BellSouth Telecommunications and then AT&T, was interrupted by two years of service in the United States Army. Drafted into the army, he served as a communication lineman in Vietnam with the rank of Specialist-5, and was awarded the Bronze Star.

In 1994, he started his own telecommunications company, The Communications Company, Inc., providing telecommunications to local businesses. In 2009 he began working in the IT Department at Southeastern Regional Medical Center.

Pridgen is currently serving his first term as Representative for District 46 of North Carolina. In the House of Representatives he is active on seven committees. These are the Agriculture committee, the Appropriations committee (both Appropriations and Appropriations of Education, for which he is Vice-Chair) and the committees on Education, Judiciary (and Judiciary subcommittee B), and Public Utilities.

Pridgen has been the primary sponsor of eleven bills and has co-sponsored twenty-eight other bills, including H475 which authorizes a referendum on whether to make English the official language of North Carolina. He was also a primary sponsor of bill H219 which aimed to keep stricter records of registered sex offenders in the state. Pridgen nominated Dick Taylor to serve on the University of North Carolina Board of Governors. Pridgen also served as Vice-Chairman of the Appropriations Committee for Education. In this role, he supported a motion that would allow extra tax revenue to help fund the University of North Carolina system schools. This came less than a week after the committee proposed a budget for the UNC-system of schools that would have reduced funding by $483 million, or 17.4 percent. The cuts were described as potentially causing the school system to lose 3,200 jobs and cut 9,000 classes.

Pridgen has four children with his wife, Wendy.


Foreigner (band)

Foreigner is a British-American rock band, originally formed in 1976 by veteran English musicians Mick Jones, ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald along with American vocalist Lou Gramm. Foreigner have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide, (including over 37.5 million in the United States alone).



Stonewall riots

The Stonewall riots were a series of riots in New York City from 28 June to 6 July in 1969. They happened after the police raided the Stonewall Inn, an LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) bar in Greenwich Village. After this, many LGBT+ people protested being persecuted by the police. They are seen as the start of the Gay Rights Movement.

Glycerol

Glycerol (or glycerin, glycerine) is a simple organic molecule. It is a colorless, odorless, thick liquid that is widely used during the last step of preparing prescription drugs. Glycerol has three hydrophilic (water-loving) hydroxyl (oxygen-hydrogen) groups that are responsible for its solubility in water and its hygroscopic nature (which means it attracts water from the air). The glycerol backbone is central to all lipids known as triglycerides. It is used is in making nitroglycerin.

Arthur C. Clarke Award

The Arthur C. Clarke Award is a prize for excellent science fiction writing. It is a British award for a science fiction novel from the year before. To win, a the novel must be published first in the United Kingdom. The winner gets money as a prize. The prize amount increases each year. It is a number of pounds sterling equal to the year of the prize (£1987 for the first prize in 1987, and £2011 for the most recent prize).

The science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke gave money to start the prize. The first prize was given in 1987. A group of judges choose the winning book. Judges come from the British Science Fiction Association, the Science Fiction Foundation and a third group. Now, that third group SF Crowsnest. The Serendip Foundation manages the prize. Recently, the award has been presented on the first night of the SCI-FI-LONDON film festival.




Pat Cadigan

Patricia Oren Kearney Cadigan (born September 10, 1953) is an American science fiction author. Her work is part of the cyberpunk movement. Her novels and short stories all share a common theme of exploring the relationship between the human mind and technology. 

She was born in Schenectady, New York, and grew up in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. Cadigan was a student at the University of Massachusetts and the University of Kansas. She studied with James Gunn at Kansas and graduated in 1975. That same year Cadigan joined the convention committee for MidAmeriCon, the 34th World Science Fiction Convention being held in Kansas City, Missouri over Labor Day weekend 1976. Her job as a committee member was to help guest of honor Robert A. Heinlein.

She also worked for fantasy writer Tom Reamy at his Nickelodeon Graphics typesetting and graphic design business. Reamy died in 1977 and Cadigan went to work as a writer for Kansas City's Hallmark Cards. She went to live in England with her son Bob Fenner in 1996. She is now married there to her third husband.

In the late 1970s and early 1980s, she was a magazine editor. She worked on small press fantasy and science fiction magazines called "Chacal" and" Shayol" with her second husband, Arnie Fenner. Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980. She became a full-time writer in 1987.

Cadigan's first novel was "Mindplayers". It introduced a common theme in her writing. Her stories make the human mind a real place where people can go and do things. What is real becomes unclear.

Cadigan has won several awards, including: Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1986; the Philip K. Dick Award in 1987 for "Mindplayers"; the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991; the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1992 and 1995 for her novels "Synners" and "Fools". 

Robert A. Heinlein had become her friend after she helped him when he was a guest at the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City. He partly dedicated his novel "Friday" to her.

In the 1960s, Cadigan and a childhood girlfriend "invented a whole secret life in which we were twins from the planet Venus," she told National Public Radio. The Beatles asked "us for advice about their songs" and help being famous, Cadigan says. In this fantasy, sometimes the girls would shape-shift to become The Beatles and finish recording songs or playing concerts for them. As Venusian twins, Cadigan said they had other superpowers too. Sometimes they would help Superman, Wonder Woman and other heroes, she said.




One of her early stories appeared in "Rock On" (1981).

Iris (goddess)

Iris was known as the goddess of the rainbow and another messenger for the gods in Greek mythology. 

She is depicted as a beautiful golden goddess, with wings (for flight), sandals, a staff, and a tunic. There is often much art, such as vases and murals, shown of her because she is worshiped and very beautiful. She was also seen briefly in Homer's "Legacies".

Iris is generally seen as Hera's personal servant and messenger. Iris is very swift and fast and she generally travels by rainbow. It is even said that the reason the rainbow comes and goes so fast is because Iris only uses it for travel and since she is so fast, it is only in the sky for a small amount of time. 

She is seen today in both Roman, and Greek mythology, as an important figure to Greece, and the gods. In Greek mythology it is believed that if you throw a drachma (Greek currency) into a rainbow you can communicate with anyone anywhere (like the Skype of ancient times).

Her parents are Thaumas (marine titan) and Elektra (cloud nymph). Her husband is Zephryus (west wind). In some versions of Greek mythology, Iris is the mother of Pothos.


Mike Weinberg

Michael Andrew Weinberg (born February 16 1993) is an American former child actor. He starred in "Home Alone 4" as Kevin McCallister. He is the younger brother of Matt Weinberg.

SC Wiener Neustadt

SC Wiener Neustadt(official name "SC Wiener Neustadt 08") is a footballclub from Austria. The club is playing in the Austrian Bundesliga.

The club was founded in 2008 as the Upper Austrian club SC Schwanenstadt decided to transfer to Oberwaltersdorf because of financial problems. Because SC Schwanenstadt was 7th in the second league the new club could also play in this league. 

The first match was against FC Wacker Innsbruck (0-3). The rest of the season was more successful. They became champion of the second league and promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga. 

The club´s president was Frank Stronach, the founder of Magna Inetrnational. He was also the main sponsor. But he decided to leave the club, so the future of the club is not clear. For the 2011/12 season Wiener Neustadt has got a new coach, Peter Stöger, who came from GAK, because Peter Schöttl became new coach of SK Rapid Wien. After Peter Stöger went to Austria Wien, because the earlier Austria coach Ivica Vastic was not very successful, the team had to look for a new coach. Just before the season 2011/2012 began, the SC Wiener Neustadt presented Heimo Pfeifenberger as the new coach.


Redding, California

Redding is a city in Northern California in the Western United States. It is the county seat of Shasta County and is located at the northern end of the state's great Central Valley at the base of the Shasta Cascades, about 110 miles south of the Oregon border on Interstate 5 and east of the Pacific Ocean on State Highway 299.

The population was 93,611, according to the 2020 census.

Before European settlers came to the area, it was inhabited by a tribe of Native Americans called the Wintu. At their height, the Wintu had as many as 239 villages in the Shasta County area.

The 2010 United States Census reported that Redding had a population of 89,861. The population density was 1,468.9 people per square mile (567.2/km). The racial makeup of Redding was 77,117 (85.8%) White, 1,092 (1.2%) African American, 2,034 (2.3%) Native American, 3,034 (3.4%) Asian, 156 (0.2%) Pacific Islander, 2,307 (2.6%) from other races, and 4,121 (4.6%) from two or more races. There were 7,787 people of Hispanic or Latino origin, of any race (8.7%).

The Census reported that 87,841 people (97.8% of the population) lived in households, 1,138 (1.3%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 882 (1.0%) were institutionalized.

There were 36,130 households, out of which 11,012 (30.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 16,001 (44.3%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 4,806 (13.3%) had a female householder with no husband present, 1,984 (5.5%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 2,570 (7.1%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 204 (0.6%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 10,344 households (28.6%) were made up of individuals, and 4,622 (12.8%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43. There were 22,791 families (63.1% of all households); the average family size was 2.94.

The population was spread out, with 20,518 people (22.8%) under the age of 18, 9,436 people (10.5%) aged 18 to 24, 21,725 people (24.2%) aged 25 to 44, 23,424 people (26.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 14,758 people (16.4%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

There were 38,679 housing units at an average density of 632.3 per square mile (244.1/km), of which 19,968 (55.3%) were owner-occupied, and 16,162 (44.7%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 2.3%; the rental vacancy rate was 6.9%. 48,179 people (53.6% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 39,662 people (44.1%) lived in rental housing units.


Dental formula

A dental formula is a summary of a mammal's teeth.

Almost all mammals have four kinds of teeth:

Teeth numbers and form have adapted to different feeding methods. Over time, different mammal groups have evolved distinct dental features, in the number and type of teeth, and in the shape and size of the chewing surface.

The number of teeth of each type is written as a dental formula for one side of the mouth, or quadrant, with the upper and lower teeth shown on separate rows. The number of teeth in a mouth is twice that listed as there are two sides.

In each set, incisors (I) are indicated first, canines (C) second, premolars (P) third, and finally molars (M), giving I:C:P:M. So for example, the formula 2.1.2.3 for upper teeth indicates 2 incisors, 1 canine, 2 premolars, and 3 molars on one side of the upper mouth.

The deciduous dental formula is notated in lowercase lettering preceded by the letter d: e.g. di:dc:dm. An animal's dentition for either deciduous or permanent teeth can thus be expressed as a dental formula, written in the form of a fraction: I.C.P.M / I.C.P.M.

Since the teeth are always listed in the same order, the letters can be dropped, thus:
Both felines and horses have a large diastema, or gap, between their front teeth and their back teeth. This is a natural feature in many types of mammal.

]
Scania OmniLink

The Scania OmniLink is a bus produced by Scania since 1998. It replaced the Scania CL113.

It is powered by a six-cylinder diesel engine with a displacement of 9 litre.

Lux Interior

Erick Lee Purkhiser (October 21, 1946 – February 4, 2009), better known as Lux Interior, was an American singer. He was a founding member of punk the band The Cramps.

Poison Ivy (musician)

Kristy Marlana Wallace (born February 20, 1953) is an American guitarist, songwriter, arranger, producer, and sometimes a vocalist. Wallace is better known by the stage names of Poison Ivy and sometimes Poison Ivy Rorschach. She was a co-founder of the American garage punk band The Cramps.

She was married to Lux Interior for 37 years until he died on February 4, 2009.

Horror punk

Horror punk (sometimes referred to as horror rock) is a dark style of music mixing gothic and punk rock sounds with morbid imagery. Often, song topics are taken from horror films, horror punk bands create an atmosphere by telling tales through their songs. It is closely related to an often overlaps with the death rock movement; while death rock tends to lean more towards the goth sound, horror punk leans towards a doo-wop sound.

The Misfits are recognized as the first band of the horror punk subgenre. Misfits first horror punk recording sessions can be traced back to 1977. In 1982, the Misfits released their first full-length album, Walk Among Us. Influenced by the Misfits, another early punk band TSOL released a horror punk album called Dance with Me in the early 1980s. 

The genre, with the exception of artists like Jack Grisham (on the left) and Michale Graves (on the right), is generally apolitical.

Horror hardcore is a term coined by Dwid Hellion that refers to a hybrid of horror punk and hardcore punk. The Misfits' third album, "Earth A.D.", and the early work of Glenn Danzig's subsequent band Samhain inaugurated the style. Septic Death and Integrity also performed this subgenre. 

Horror metal is a term which originated in the 1980s to describe Ripper's first album. Since then, a number of bands playing several different styles of metal have fallen under this banner, including Necrophagia and the Vision Bleak.


Psychobilly

Psychobilly is a style of rock music that mixes elements of punk rock, rockabilly, and other genres. Some psychobilly songs include thrash metal or country music styles. Psychobilly is commonly played with a simple guitar/bass/drum/vocal arrangement, with many bands consisting of only three members. Often the guitarist or bassist will be the lead vocalist.

The first psychobilly band was the Meteors, a band from London, UK. 

Psychobilly band members and fans often shave part of their heads.

Slim Harpo

James Moore, known as Slim Harpo, (January 11, 1924 — January 31, 1970) was a famous blues musician born in Lobdell, Louisiana, USA. He played in the style called Swamp blues.

As a child he learned to play the guitar and the harmonica. He started playing in the 1940's and in 1948 became a full time musician, using the name "Harmonica Slim". He changed his name to "Harpo Slim" in the 1950's. 

He had several hit recordings including, "King Bee" in 1957, "Raining in my Heart" in 1961 and "Scratch My Back" in 1966.

The Rolling Stones recorded "King Bee" on their first album. 

Harpo Slim died from a heart attack in 1970.

Barnyard (video game)

Barnyard is a 2006 party game based on the animated movie of the same name. It has been released for the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2, Game Boy Advance, PC, and the Wii.

Paleolithic diet

The modern diet known as the paleolithic diet (abbreviated as 'paleo diet' or 'paleodiet') is a way of eating. It is also called the 'caveman diet', 'Stone Age diet' or 'hunter-gatherer diet'.

It is based on the wild plants and animals which humans ate in the Paleolithic era. This was a period about 2.5 million years long: it ended around 10,000 years ago, when people began farming. The term "Paleolithic diet" may also refer to what people actually ate back then instead of the diet today.<ref name="doi:10.1080/11026480510032043">
</ref><ref name="doi10.1080/11026480510031990"></ref>

Meat, fish, vegetables, fruit, roots, and nuts make up most of the modern Paleolithic diet. It does not include grains, legumes, dairy products, salt, refined sugar, and processed oils. The diet is much lower in carbohydrates than is usual today, and much higher in protein.

Walter L. Voegtlin first made the modern Paleolithic diet popular in the 1970s.
Authors and researchers recommended and changed the diet in several books and academic journals.
Paleolithic nutrition is based on the idea in evolution that modern humans are genetically adapted to the way their Paleolithic ancestors ate, and that human genetics have not changed much since people began growing their own food. Therefore a good diet for today may be similar to that of paleolithic people.

The basic idea is that the diet is healthy because our body is adapted to make use of it. Two studies of the Paleolithic diet in humans have shown health benefits.

This way of eating is somewhat controversial among nutritionists.
and anthropologists.
Some argue that if hunter gatherer societies did not suffer from certain diseases, this was because their diet was less calorific or for other reasons. They also say today's version may not really match people's diet in the Paleolithic period.<ref name="doi10.1046/j.1467-3010.2000.00019.x"></ref>

There is a wide consensus that present-day diets in first world countries are causing serious health problems. One expert review said:

The huge intake of calories is not balanced, as it once was, by the hard work needed to stay alive and do the hard work necessary to live. The industrial revolution changed work in all walks of life. Now machines do the hard work.

And it is not just a question of fat and carbohydrates. The consumption of sodium salt is hugely greater today than ever before. 

These present-day eating habits, and the lack of exercise, lead to cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis and cancer, and to obesity in the US and other Western countries.

According to S. Boyd Eaton, "we are the heirs of inherited characteristics accrued over millions of years; the vast majority of our biochemistry and physiology are tuned to life conditions that existed before the advent of agriculture some 10,000 years ago. Genetically our bodies are virtually the same as they were at the end of the Paleolithic era some 20,000 years ago".

Ideas about paleolithic nutrition come from evolutionary biology. The reason for eating like this is that natural selection had enough time for Paleolithic humans' bodies and metabolisms to get used to the food that they could eat then. But in the 10,000 years since people started farming, natural selection has not had enough time for people's genetics to change to get used to the new diet. This has led to some diseases.

More than 70% of the total daily energy consumed by all people in the United States comes from foods such as dairy products, cereals, refined sugars, refined vegetable oils and alcohol, that Paleolithic supporters say were not eaten during the Paleolithic era. However, there is evidence that Paleolithic societies may have been using cereals for food use at least as early as 23,000 years ago, more than 100,000 years ago, and perhaps as early as 200,000 years ago. However, Loren Cordain has said that the new evidence shows that grains were not eaten much back then, and he has also said that eating of wild grass seeds of any kind needs technology and processing to make the food possible to eat, and that this technology was probably not around 105,000+ years ago.

Disagreements are not about the background consensus described above. It is about how good the Paleolithic diet is as a solution to that problem. It is also about whether the argument behind the diet is a sound argument.

Not everybody agrees with evolutionary reasons behind the Paleolithic diet. According to Alexander Ströhle, Maike Wolters and Andreas Hahn, with the Department of Food Science at the University of Hanover, saying the human genome evolved during the Pleistocene (a period from 1,808,000 to 11,550 years ago) is not based on the right beliefs about evolution. 
They also say that 10,000 years may have been enough time for people to adapt to diets with food grown through farming. For example, alleles that helped people eat dairy became common in Europe just a few thousand years after people started raising animals. There is also evidence that the diet of Stone Age humans may have had some form the refined starches and grains that are not part of the paleolithic diet. A 2010 study showed the discovery of a 30,000 year old mortar and pestle from which flour of several plants were isolated.

Alligator Records

Alligator Records is an independent blues record label from Chicago, Illinois, USA. It was founded by Bruce Iglauer in 1971. For his work maintaining Chicago Blues Iglauer was honoured "Chicagoans-of-the-Year 2001"
Alligator Records was founded to publish an album by Hound Dog Taylor & The HouseRockers, his favourite band. His employer, Bob Koester of Delmark Records refused to do so, therefore Iglauer decided to make his own record label.

Since its beginning Alligator Records has published over 250 Blues- und Bluesrockalbums.


Official wbsite of Alligator Records with discography

Pikes Peak

Pikes Peak is a high mountain near Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States. It can be seen from over 100 miles on clear days. It was named after Zebulon Pike who explored the area in 1806. The summit of the peak can be reached either by car or railway. The spectacular view from the top is what inspired Katharine Lee Bates to write "America The Beautiful" in 1893, and there is a plaque with the words to the song at the summit as well. It is also the home of the second oldest car race in the United States.

Specialty Records

Specialty Records was an American record label from Los Angeles. It was founded as Juke Box Records in 1946, but renamed by its owner Art Rupe when separated from some of his former partners. Speciality is known for its rhythm and blues, blues, gospel and early rock and roll music which the label recorded. Specialty also had two music publishing companies, Venice Music and Greenwich Music. During the 1960s Speciality stopped the recordings and only sold the old records. In 1968, because of interest in the early days of rock and roll, Rupe started the label again and reissued much of the old material.

Art Rupe was famous for being one of the most honest men in recording business. He paid and recorded his musicians well and he never paid for being played in the radio. On Speciality you can hear some of the wildest rhythm and blues of this time because Rupe gave a lot of freedom to his musicians.

In 1991 the label was sold to the Concord Music Group which has reissued albums by a number of Specialty's original artists.



Rap metal

Rap metal is a subgenre of rap rock which fuses vocal and usually instrumental elements of hip hop music with heavy metal. Rap metal is often confused with rap rock and rapcore.

Slav defence

The Slav defence is an important reply to 1d4. It is popular with top players. The Slav usually begins:

Other fourth moves for White are 4.e3, 4.cxd5 and 4.Qb3.

Now 4...dxc4 is the Slav:

This line was explored in two world championship matches between Alekhine and Euwe in 1935 and 1937.

Sometimes called the Botvinnik variation.


Funk rock

Funk rock (also typed as funk-rock) is a music genre that fuses funk and rock elements.
Its earliest incarnation was heard in the late 1960s through the mid-1970s by acts such as the Jimi Hendrix Experience (last two albums), Eric Burdon and War, Trapeze, Parliament-Funkadelic, Betty Davis and Mother's Finest. In the 1990s acts such as Prince, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Rage Against the Machine and Faith No More revived the genre.

Funk rock is a fusion of funk and rock. Many instruments may be incorporated into the music, but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitars. The bass and drum rhythms are influenced by funk music but with more intensity, while the guitar can be funk-or-rock-influenced, usually with distortion, which is similar to overdrive or fuzz.

Funk metal

Funk metal is a subgenre of funk rock that fuses elements of heavy metal and funk. AllMusic has said that "Funk metal evolved in the mid-'80s when alternative bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Faith No More, Infectious Grooves, Mordred and Fishbone began playing the hybrid with a stronger funk underpinning than metal". Faith No More have also been described as funk metal that dabbled in rap-metal. Rage Against the Machine's mix of funk and metal not only included rap, but also elements of punk rock. Primus, a band that has never had a clear genre, have been called things such as "thrash metal-funk meets Don Knotts, Jr." Living Colour have been cited by "Rolling Stone" as "Black-funk-metal pioneers."

Certain bands not from an alternative background, such as Bang Tango and Extreme, have also put funk into their musical style many times.

Fishbone

Fishbone is an American alternative rock band formed in 1979 in Los Angeles, which plays a fusion of ska, punk rock, funk, and other musical styles. Critics considered Fishbone to be one of the most distinctive and varied bands of the late '80s. With their hyperactive, self-conscious diversity, goofy sense of humor, and sharp social commentary, the group gained a large cult following during the late '80s, yet they never became mainstream.








Provincial Assembly of the Punjab

The Provincial Assembly of the Punjab is a unicameral legislature of elected representatives of the province of Punjab, which is located in Lahore in eastern Pakistan. The Assembly was established under Article 106 of the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan as having a total of 371 seats, with 66 seats reserved for women and eight reserved for non-Muslims.

Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is the unicameral legislative body of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. It was established under Article 106 of the Constitution of the Pakistan. The assembly has 124 elected members. There are 99 regular seats, with 22 seats reserved for women and 3 seats for Non-Muslims.

The assembly elects a Chief Minister of the Province. He selects a Cabinet of Ministers to run the various government departments.

Asian Development Bank

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is a regional development bank established on 19 December 1966, which is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. The company also maintains 31 field offices around the world to promote social and economic development in Asia. The bank admits the members of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP, formerly the Economic Commission for Asia and the Far East or ECAFE) and non-regional developed countries. From 31 members at its establishment, ADB now has 68 members.

The ADB was modeled closely on the World Bank, and has a similar weighted voting system where votes are distributed in proportion with members' capital subscriptions. ADB releases an annual report that summarizes its operations, budget and other materials for review by the public. The ADB-Japan Scholarship Program (ADB-JSP) enrolls about 300 students annually in academic institutions located in 10 countries within the Region. Upon completion of their study programs, scholars are expected to contribute to the economic and social development of their home countries.

ADB is an official United Nations Observer.

As of 31 December 2018, Japan and the United States each holds the largest proportion of shares at 15.571%. China holds 6.429%, India holds 6.317%, and Australia holds 5.773%.

The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is a regional development bank established on 22 August 1966 to facilitate economic development of countries in Asia. The President of the Asian Development Bank is Abhist Vejjajiva

San Bernardino, California

San Bernardino is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is one of the main cities in Southern California's Inland Empire region east of Los Angeles. It has a population of 222,101 at the 2020 census.

San Bernardino has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

On 2 December 2015, 14 people were killed in a mass shooting.

Group of 24

The Group of 24 (G24), a chapter of the G-77, was established in 1971 to coordinate the positions of developing countries on international monetary and development finance issues and to ensure that their interests were adequately represented in negotiations on international monetary matters.

Clacton-on-Sea

Clacton-on-Sea is a medium-sized seaside town in Tendring, Essex, England. It has about 55,000 inhabitants. Many people in the town are elderly. The A133 road runs into Clacton-on-Sea.

Great Dunmow

Great Dunmow is a town near the A120 road in Uttlesford, Essex, England.

Braintree

Braintree is a town in Essex, England, near the A120 road.

Maldon

Maldon is a town and civil parish on the A414 road, in Essex, England. In 2001 there were 14,034 people living in Maldon.

Woodbridge

Woodbridge is a town near the A12 road in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 7,368 people living in Woodbridge.

Harrogate

Harrogate is a spa town in North Yorkshire, England. About 76,000 people live there. It is famous for its traditional roman baths, the beautiful Valley Gardens and the traditional tea room, Betty's.

Kettering

Kettering is a town near the A14 road, in Northamptonshire, England.

Andover, Hampshire

Andover is a town near the A303 road in Hampshire, England.

Appleby-in-Westmorland

Appleby-in-Westmorland is a market town and civil parish. It is in Eden, Cumbria, in North West England. It has a population of 3,048. It is in the historic county of Westmorland, of which it is the traditional county town. 

The town's name was simply Appleby, until the local government changes of 1974. The council changed the town's name, to preserve the historic county name.


Kendal

Kendal is a town near the M6 motorway in Cumbria, England.

Kendal Town Council

Workington

Workington is a town in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. Workington is connected by the A66 road and the A596 road. In 2001 there were 24,295 people living in Workington.

Barrow-in-Furness

Barrow-in-Furness is a town in south Cumbria (England), connected by the A590 road. The old town and seaport form about half of the modern Borough of Barrow-in-Furness.

Before 1 April 1974, Barrow was in Lancashire.


Register

The word register can have several meanings. Very often it means: something that is written down so that there is a record (written proof) of something. It may, for example be a list of names. 

It can also be used as a verb: to register, i.e. to write something down in an official register (e.g. a special book), e.g. to register a birth, marriage or death. 

Registration is the act of registering or being registered.










Ulverston

Ulverston is a town on the A590 road, in Cumbria, England.

Hartlepool

Hartlepool is a town near the A689 road in County Durham, England.

There is a legend that during the Napoleonic Wars, a French ship was wrecked off the coast near Hartlepool. The captain's pet, a monkey, was washed ashore. The people from Hartlepool thought it was a person and tried to ask it questions. When they were unable to understand the monkey they assumed it was a French spy. A trial was held on the beach and the monkey was sentenced to death and hanged. This event is remembered in several songs. The local football team, Hartlepool United F.C., used to greeted with cries of "Who hung the monkey?". Their mascot is a monkey called "H'Angus the Monkey". The rugby football team, the Hartlepool Rovers, are known as the Monkeyhangers.

Haverhill

Haverhill is a town in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 22,010 people living in Haverhill.

Knaresborough

Knaresborough is a town in North Yorkshire, England. It is east of Harrogate. In 2001 there were 14,761 people living in Knaresborough.

Honiton

Honiton is a town in Devon, England, near the A30 road.

Dartmouth

Dartmouth is a town and civil parish on the A379 road, in South Hams, Devon, England. In 2001, there were 5,512 people living in Dartmouth. Dartmouth got its name from being at the mouth of the River Dart.

Tavistock

Tavistock is a town in Devon, England, north of Plymouth. Tavistock is a market town in West Devon, England on the River Tavy. 11,018 people live there. It was in existence in the year 961, when the Abbey of Tavistock was founded by a rich Anglo-Saxon nobleman. The most famous person from Tavistock is Sir Francis Drake.

Tavistock is on the edge of Dartmoor, on the A386 road. In the centre of the town is Bedford Square, around which are St Eustachius's Church and the ruins of the Abbey, the Town Hall, and the Pannier Market buildings behind the Town Hall.

Choir (disambiguation)

Choir can refer to

Ode

An ode is a type of lyric poem. The word comes from the Ancient Greek. An ode is a poem which is written in praise of something or someone, saying how wonderful they are. 

Very often an ode will have the title "Ode to..." followed by the name of the thing or person that it describes, e.g. John Keats wrote a poem "Ode to a Nightingale".

Odes were written by the poets of Ancient Greece as well as by the Romans. Horace was particularly famous for his odes, and many English odes written centuries later were based on Horace's lyrical verses.


Newton Abbot

Newton Abbot is a town near the A380 road, in Teignbridge, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 23,580 people living in Newton Abbot.

Hitchin

Hitchin is a town near the A1 road, in Hertfordshire, England. In 2011 approximately 33,350 people lived there.

Nutritionism

Food contains nutrients. The diet of a person is made of different kinds of food. Nutritionism is the idea that only the nutritients found in different foods determines their value for the diet. The value of a diet can be calculated by adding up the values of all nutritients of the individual food items. According to nutritionism, people only eat to stay healthy. In general, the term has a negative connotation. 

Bodmin

Bodmin is a town on the A30 road, in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the centre of the county southwest of Bodmin Moor.

The neighbouring parishes are Cardinham, Lanhydrock, Lanivet and Helland.

In 2001 there were 12,881 people living in Bodmin.

In the Middle Ages Bodmin was one of the most important towns in Cornwall and the site of a monastery founded by Saint Petroc. The parish church of Bodmin was built in the 15th century and is the second largest church in the county after Truro Cathedral.

Battle of Polygon Wood

The Battle of Polygon Wood was a small battle that took place in World War I.
It happened during the second part of the Battle of Passchendaele. Most of the battle was fought in an area named Polygon Wood, near Ypres, Belgium.


Royston

Royston is a town near the A 505 road in North Hertfordshire, Hertfordshire, England. In 2001 there were 14,570 people living in Royston. Royston is a very historic town as it has the meridian of time running through it. We also have the Roy stone. Royston was originally called Roysia but the arrival of the stone lead to a change of the towns name. There is also a historic cave which is imagined to be a religious work as it has a lot of religious images around it. There are many schools in Royston including Roysia, Greneway and Meridian which are called Rsat (Royston Schools Academy Trust) These three schools are about to link together to become one. 

Prosthesis

A prosthesis is a device made to replace a missing human body part. They are used by people who are missing body parts due to accidents, health problems (amputees) or being born without them. Originally, prostheses were simply pieces of wood (for example, wooden legs), but now they are made of lighter materials.  

Currently available prostheses can help return mobility to those with transtibial (below the knee), transfemoral (above the knee), transradial (below the elbow), and transhumeral (above the elbow) amputations. There is still much research to be done before artificial limbs can function with the same versatility as a natural limb; as a result many of the currently available prosthetic limbs are tailored to a specific activity or need. 

In Para-alpine skiing, the device needs to be made to work like an ankle because the way the ankle moves is very important in skiing. The device for skiing is only used in skiing. People use other prostheses when they are not skiing.

Prosthetic arms can be designed for climbing as well. Private Jaco Van Gass, an amputee veteran, designed a special prosthetic arm with a built in ice pick that he would use to climb Mount Everest. It also includes a battery pack and heat patch to keep his stump warm. 

Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius also had prostheses designs specifically for spot. He used carbon fiber running blades that, some argue, give an advantage over natural legs.

A traditional prosthetic limb consists of three main components: a socket, an attachment mechanism, and a control system.

The socket is the part of the prosthetic that attaches to the users natural body. A precise fit is extremely important to the function of the limb, so typically molds are taken of a patient’s residual limb to ensure the fit is ideal. If it does not fit correctly, the socket could cause severe tissue damage to the patient. 

The attachment mechanism is a means of securely anchoring the limb in a way that is both comfortable and easy for the user to control. The attachment mechanism may work by tension (straps) or even merely by suction between the socket and the limb. 

The control system varies greatly from limb to limb. Some are controlled entirely by the user’s motion; he or she learns to balance on it. In other cases, cables are pulled to cause a limb to bend in the desired direction. 

Today, the most promising control system is the myoelectric signal. This technology is allowing for thought-controlled prosthetics to be developed.

Saffron Walden

Saffron Walden is a town near the M11 motorway, in the Uttlesford district of Essex.

It is a market town north of Bishop's Stortford, south of Cambridge and north of London. 
It has a rural appearance and some buildings of the medieval period. 

The population was 15,504 at the 2011 census.

Leiston

Leiston is a town near the A12 road, in Suffolk, England. 

Along with the nearby hamlet of Sizewell, Leiston forms the Leiston-cum-Sizewell civil parish.

Southwold

Southwold is a town on the A1095 road, in the county of Suffolk, England. It is a seaside town and has beach huts.

Halesworth

Halesworth is a town on the A144 road, in Suffolk, England.

Halesworth is twinned with both 


Stowmarket

Stowmarket is a town near the A14 road, in Suffolk, England.


Thetford

Thetford is a town near the A11 road, in Breckland District, Norfolk, England.

Hemorrhoid

Hemorrhoid or haemorrhoid (also commonly called piles) are vascular structures (similar to veins) in the anal canal which help with stool evacuation. We only speak of hemorrhoids (or piles) when they become swollen or inflamed. But Hemorrhoids are a normal part of the anatomy and everyone has these structures. They act as a cushion that is made of complex tissue. Their job is to aid the passage of stool. Hemorrhoids are very common. Nearly three out of four adults will have hemorrhoids from time to time.

It is not known what causes hemorrhoids, but doctors often speak of several main factors. These factors include chronic constipation or diarrhea, sitting on the toilet for a long time and straining during defecation. Hemorrhoids may also appear because of sports. When something heavy is lifted, additional pressure is applied on the area. Women are in danger of having hemorrhoids during pregnancy. This also happens due to increased pressure from the baby. Hemorrhoids are more likely with aging because the tissue becomes weaker. Some people are more likely to get hemorrhoids if other family members have them. Receptive partners in anal intercourse are also in risk of heorrhoids.

According to their anatomical origin hemorrhoids can be two types - internal and external. Internal hemorrhoids originate from inside the anus. But internal hemorrhoids can also go down and show outside the anus. In this case, medical professionals are talking about prolapse.

Symptoms of internal hemorrhoids include "itching, bleeding, swelling, mucus discharge, burning sensation, prolapse, and soiling". Patients also complain of general discomfort while sitting, feeling of fullness and presence of a foreign body inside the anus. Internal hemorrhoids can only cause painless bleeding from the anus, while external hemorrhoids are painful. External hemorrhoids are located on the outside of the anus. They look like a bluish lump. But sometimes internal hemorrhoids can also become extremely painful. This happens because they develop a clot. In these cases, a thrombosed hemorrhoid occurs and it may have to be operated. Pain in the area around the anus may be due to another disease, such as anal fissure, anal fistula, or proctitis.

Hemorrhoids are diagnosed by a doctor. A visual examination of the anus is usually needed. The doctor may want to perform a rectal examination which will help detect internal hemorrhoids, tumours, polyps, or abscesses. The visual examination usually requires a special device, called anoscope to be inserted in the anus. The procedure is painless unless another disease is presented.

Treatment of hemorrhoids can be done at home or in the hospital. Usually, the best option is to prevent getting them. This can be done by keeping the stools soft and bulk, so they pass easily during defecation. Stools can be made softer and larger by increasing fiber intake. This means eating more fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. Most people do not have enough fiber in their diet. In such case, fiber supplements, such as psyllium or methylcellulose, can be of benefit. As being receptive partner in anal sex is also a way of risk to get hemorrhoids, one should be careful of being receptive partner during anal sex, and he can be mostly safe from getting hemorrhoids through anal sex by totally avoiding it.

It is also important to increase fluids intake and maintain hydration. It is recommended to drink six to eight glasses of water a day to help keep stools soft.

Home treatment may include sitz baths, topical creams, and suppositories. There are many types available for the treatment of hemorrhoids, but there is little evidence supporting their use.

Diosmin-Hesperidin compound is the most commonly used [flavonoid]]s for the primary treatment for hemorrhoids, which is present in citrus fruit's peel extract. It is sold in the United States and other countries in the brand name of Daflon and Venalex in tablet form, but studies have questioned it's benefits and, according to researchers, are likely to cause side effects.

Small lifestyle modifications are important when dealing with hemorrhoids. Not straining during defecation and going as soon as the urge appears are important measures. Staying active can help prevent constipation and reduce weight.

Sometimes hemorrhoids can not be treated at home or the patient seeks help. Doctors can treat hemorrhoids with office procedures or in a hospital setting.

Office treatments include:
In severe cases when home and office procedures fail, a surgical approach can be considered. There are several surgical techniques used. All of them are associated with different complications, such as bleeding, infection (sepsis), anal strictures, fecal incontinence, etc. Some of the procedures involve hemorrhoid removal. These procedures are commonly known as Hemorrhoidectomy. There are several variants, but in all of them, the surgeon will remove the hemorrhoids. The procedure can be performed to remove external and large prolapsing internal hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoidectomy is infamous for being very painfu. l This is due to specific location, where the procedure is performed. The anal canal contains many nerves, which can easily be traumatized.

Other surgical procedures include - stapled hemorrhoidopexy (PPH, Longo's procedure) and doppler-guided artery ligation (DG-HAL/RAR or THD).

Stapled hemorrhoidopexy involves a special device, called stapler, which lifts and fixates the prolapsed hemorrhoids. The stapler will also excise mucosal tissue to block the blood flow to the remaining hemorrhoids. However, stapling procedure is associated with a greater risk of recurrence.

Doppler-guided ligation of hemorrhoidal arteries (DG-HAL/RAR or THD) has been recently purposed as a safe and relatively painless alternative to hemorrhoidectomy. A special ultrasound device is applied to identify the arteries that supply the hemorrhoids. The surgeon will then will the ligate them, cutting the blood supply and preventing further problems. However, the procedure is associated with a high recurrence rate.


Daventry

Daventry is a town on the A45 road, in the county of Northamptonshire, England.

Wellingborough

Wellingborough is a town in Northamptonshire, England. In 2001 there were 72,519 people living in the town. The town is near the A45 road.

Wellingborough is an Anglo-Saxon town. It and was settled in the sixth century by the Saxons. It was first known as "Wendeling burh" - "the stronghold of Waendel's people". 

Dormitory

A dormitory, also known as dorm, is a residence hall consisting of sleeping quarters or entire buildings primarily providing sleeping and residential quarters for large numbers of people, often in boarding.

Annie Edson Taylor

Annie Edson Taylor (October 24, 1838 – April 29, 1921) was an American school-teacher and adventurer. She was the first person to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel without dying. She did this on her 63rd birthday, October 24, 1901.


Horse fly

A horse fly is a type of insect and a member of the family Tabanidae (order Diptera). More specifically they are any member of the genus "Tabanus". These stout flies are as small as a housefly or as large as a bumblebee. Their metallic or iridescent eyes meet dorsally in the male and are separate in the female. Gad-fly, a nickname, may refer either to the fly’s roving habits or to its mouthparts, which resemble a wedge-shaped miner’s tool. 

The bites of the female fly often carry parasites onto the victim (such as a horse). The resulting sore can be extremely distressing to the animal.

Blues Music Award

The Blues Music Awards are presented by the Blues Foundation, an organization to promote the blues music. The Blues Foundation started the awards in 1980 under the name W. C. Handy Awards. In 2006 they were renamed Blues Music Awards. The Blues Music Award is one of the highest honors a blues musician can get in the USA.

Like the Grammys the Blues Music Award is given in different categories. The nominees are chosen by a group of people who are connected with Blues music. 

Eden Brent - Mississippi Number One
Eden Brent
Buddy Guy - Skin Deep
Janiva Magness
Lil' Ed & the Blues Imperials
Cedric Burnside & Lightnin' Malcolm - 2 Man Wrecking Crew
Buddy Guy - Skin Deep
Janiva Magness
Buddy Guy
Broke & Hungry Records, Cathead Blues & Mudpuppy Recordings - M For Mississippi: A Road Trip Through The Birthplace of the Blues
Eagle Records - Albert Collins Live At Montreux 1992
Mookie Brill
Willie "Big Eyes" Smith
Sonny Landreth
Billy Gibson
Deanna Bogart
Otis Taylor - Banjo
Marcia Ball

Jeff Healey - Mess of Blues
Kenny Neal - Let Life Flow (Kenny Neal)
Irma Thomas - Simply Grand
Etta James
Bobby Rush
B. B. King - One Kind Favor

Koko Taylor
B.B. King





Beaconsfield

Beaconsfield is a town near the M40 motorway in Buckinghamshire, England. A new service station has opened on the motorway called Beaconsfield service station. It has a population of 12, 081 as of 2011.

 

Berkhamsted

Berkhamsted is a town and civil parish near the A41 road in Dacorum, Hertfordshire, England. In 2001 there were 16,498 people living in Berkhamsted.

 

Bridport

Bridport is a town near the A35 road in Dorset, England. It is near the coast at the western end of Chesil Beach.

In 2006 West Dorset district was named 10th best place to live in the UK. The town is twinned with Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue, France.

Aspatria

Aspatria is a town near the A596 road, in Allerdale, Cumbria, England.

Keswick

Keswick is a town near the A66 road in Cumbria, England.

Thirsk

Thirsk is a town near the A1 road in North Yorkshire, England. There is a museum about James Herriot.

Bolton, Cumbria

Bolton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 416 people living in Bolton. It has a church called All Saints Church. It is three miles north of Appleby-in-Westmorland.

Tadcaster

Tadcaster is a town near the A64 road in North Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 6,039 people living in Tadcaster.

 

Redcar

Redcar is a town near Middlesbrough in North Yorkshire, England.

Whitehaven

Whitehaven is a town on the A595 road in Cumbria, England. Whitehaven was built on shipping and mining, but these have now declined.

Cockermouth

Cockermouth is a town near the A66 road in Cumbria, England, in the Borough of Allerdale. In 2011 there were 8,761 living in Cockermouth.

Town Council website

Maryport

Maryport is a town on the A596 road in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 11,275 people living in Maryport.

The Romans built the fort Uxellodunum in Alauna (which is now called Maryport) around the year 122, to help defend the western end of Hadrian's Wall.

Louth

Louth is a town near the A16 road in Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 15,930 people living in Louth.

 

Skegness

Skegness is a town and civil parish on the A52 road and A158 road in East Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 18,910 people living in Skegness.

It is known for being bracing, which means that it often has high winds. This is due to its exposed position on the North Sea.

Skegness is known as the home of Butlins, a theme park.

 

Bungay

Bungay is a town on the A143 road in Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 4,895 people living in Bungay.

Okehampton

Okehampton is an old market town on Dartmoor near the A30 road in West Devon, England. In 2001, there were 5,846 people living in Okehampton. Okehampton is the ideal place to explore Dartmoor with the highest Tor on Dartmoor (Yes Tor) being a short distance from the town. 

Heritage railway services were operated from Okehampton railway station until the line reopened for regular passenger service on 20th November 2021, serving Okehampton with a direct link to Exeter for onward travel. The station was formerly on the Southern Railway main line from Exeter to Padstow.

Launceston

Launceston is a town near the A30 road in Cornwall, England. In 2001 there were 7,135 people living in Launceston. The parish church is dedicated to St Mary Magdalen. Launceston was the former capital of Cornwall until it was replaced by Bodmin in 1835.

Launceston is just over one mile (1.6 km) west of the River Tamar which marks the border between Cornwall and Devon and is often referred to as the "gateway to Cornwall".

The Norman ruler of Cornwall built a castle here which is now in ruins.

Wadebridge

Wadebridge is a town on the A39 road in Cornwall, England. In 2001 there were 6,351 people living in Wadebridge. The town is on the south side of the River Camel a few miles inland from the north coast of Cornwall. It is well known for the road bridge across the river which was built to replace the dangerous ford in the Middle Ages.

The showground for the Royal Cornwall Show is near Wadebridge.

Liskeard

Liskeard is a town near the A38 road in Cornwall, England. In 2001 there were 8,656 people living in Liskeard. The parish church is dedicated to St Martin and Liskeard railway station is on the railway line from Plymouth to Penzance.

Helston

Helston is a town on the A394 road in west Cornwall, England. In 2001 there were 9,780 people living in Helston. The annual Furry Dance (known outside Cornwall as the Flora Dance) is said to originate from the medieval period and is held on May 8th each year. Another traditional celebration, the Hal-an-Tow, is reputed to be of Celtic origin.

Falmouth

Falmouth (meaning mouth of the River Fal) is a town on the south coast of Cornwall. The A39 road links Falmouth with North Devon. In 2001 there were 20,775 people living in Falmouth. Falmouth harbour is a large natural harbour and Carrick Roads are nearby. Carrick Roads are the estuary of the River Fal.

The MP for Falmouth is Sarah Newton, a Tory. The school there is Falmouth School. 

Deal, Kent

Deal is a town on the A258 road in Kent, England. In 2011, there were over 30,000 people living in Deal.

In 1989, 11 military bandsmen were killed when the PIRA bombed the Royal Marine Depot.

Atherstone

Atherstone is a town near the A5 road, in Warwickshire, England. In 2001, there were 8,338 people living in Atherstone.


Warwick

Warwick is a town near in Warwickshire, England. In 2011 there were 31,345 people living in Warwick. It is most famous for for its castle and many of the buildings in the town centre are very old, some from the 11th century. A market is held each Saturday which has been going for hundreds of years. It also has a large and impressive church and a racecourse which is often seen on television. The town next to it is called Leamington Spa and the nearest city is Coventry. It has two train stations and is near a major motorway linking Birmingham and London.

Carnforth

Carnforth is a town near the M6 motorway in Lancashire, England. In 2001 there were 5,350 people living in Carnforth.

Ashburton

Ashburton is a town near the A38 road in Devon, England. In 2001 there were 3,909 people living in Ashburton.

Exmouth

Exmouth is a town on the A376 road in Devon, England. In 2001, there were 32,972 people living in Exmouth.


South Molton

South Molton is a town near the A361 road in North Devon, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 4,093 people living in South Molton.

Newmarket, Suffolk

Newmarket is a market town and civil parish near the A14 road in Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 14,995 people living in Newmarket.

Swanley

Swanley is a town inside the M25 motorway in Kent, England. In 2001 there were 20,986 people living in Swanley.

Sevenoaks

Sevenoaks is a town near the M25 motorway in Kent, South East England. In 2001 there were 18,588 people living in Sevenoaks. 

Needham Market

Needham Market is a town and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 4,495 people living in Needham Market. The town is near the A14 road.

Wymondham

Wymondham is a town near the A11 road and Norwich in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 12,539 people living in Wymondham.

Biggleswade

Biggleswade is a town and civil parish near the A1 road in Bedfordshire, England. In 2012 there were 15,383 people living in Biggleswade. There is a train station that goes to London. The local upper school is called Stratton Upper School. Other famous people that have lived in Biggleswade are Pam Rhodes and Dan Albone. The town has lots of Cafés and Hair Dressers. Biggleswade has a parish church and the other churches are in Biggleswade Churches Together. Biggleswade has a radio station, Biggles FM.

Blandford Forum

Blandford Forum is a historic Georgian town in Dorset, England. In 2001 there were 8,745 people living in Blandford Forum. There is a church in the centre of the town. It is on the River Stour.

There are three Primary Schools: Archbishiopwake Primary School, Milldown Primary and Blandford St Mary. There is also a Secondary School called The Blandford School.

There is a large well known brewery Hall and Woodhouse who also own the Crown Hotel.

There is a leisure centre which has a 25m pool and children's water slide. A sauna and steam room are next to the pool. There is also a fully equipped gym and a cafe.

The famous annual Steam Fair is held nearby in Tarrant Hinton. and Blandford Forum is host to the rock festival every year, called Teddy Rocks which is charitable event to raise money for cancer awareness.

Annually there is a Georgian Fayre in the town centre and also a Yuletide Festival. The Blandford Carnival is well known celebration of the local community.

Dorchester

Dorchester is the county town of Dorset, England. In 2001 there were 16,171 people living in Dorchester.

Hornsea

Hornsea is a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 8,243 people living in Hornsea.

Bracknell

Bracknell is a town in Berkshire, England. In 2001 there were 50,131 people living in Bracknell.

Skipton

Skipton is a town in North Yorkshire, England. In 2001, 14,313 people lived in Skipton.

Grange-over-Sands

Grange-over-Sands is a town in Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 4,042 people living in Grange-over-Sands. It is located near the A590 road.

Aylsham

Aylsham is a town near the A140 road in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 3,884 people living in Aylsham.

Maghull

Maghull is a town near the M58 motorway in Merseyside, England. In 2001 there were 22,225 people living in Maghull.

Withernsea

Withernsea is a town on the A1033 road in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 5,980 people living in Withernsea.

Buntingford

Buntingford is a town near the A10 road in Hertfordshire, England. In 2001 there were 4,820 living in Buntingford.

Buckingham

Buckingham is a town in Buckinghamshire, England. It is to the west of Milton Keynes and to the north of Aylesbury. In 2001, 11,572 people were living in Buckingham.

Attleborough

Attleborough is a town near the A11 road in Breckland District, Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 9,702 people living in Attleborough.

Eye, Suffolk

Eye is a town in Suffolk, England. In 2001, the town had a population of 2,000 people. Eye is near the A140 road.
Eye is twinned with 

Brigg

Brigg is a small market town in North Lincolnshire, England. In 2001, it was shown that the population of Brigg was 5,076 in 2,213 households.

Market Rasen

Market Rasen is a town and civil parish in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 3,230 people living in Market Rasen.

Gainsborough

Gainsborough is a town and civil parish in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 16,869 people living in Gainsborough.

Tyldesley

Tyldesley is a village in Greater Manchester, England. Tyldesley has a library.

Basildon

Basildon is a large town in Essex, England. Basildon was recorded to have a population of 1,159 in 1931. It was then expanded when it became a new town in the late 1940s. It now has a population of over 100,000.

Wickford

Wickford is a town in Essex, England near Basildon. Wickford has a railway station.

Baldock

Baldock is a town near the A1 road in Hertfordshire, England. There is a service station on the A1 called Baldock service station.

Lymington

Lymington is a town on the A337 road in Hampshire, England. Lymington has a hospital.


Palearctic

The Palearctic (or 'Palaearctic') ecozone is one of the eight dividing the Earth's surface.

The Palearctic is by far the largest ecozone. It includes the terrestrial ecoregions of Europe, Asia north of the Himalayan foothills, northern Africa, and the northern and central parts of the Arabian Peninsula. 

The Palearctic ecozone includes mostly boreal and temperate climate ecoregions, which run across Eurasia from western Europe to the Bering Strait.

The boreal and temperate Euro-Siberian region is the Palearctic's largest biogeographic region, which transitions from tundra in the northern reaches of Russia and Scandinavia to the vast taiga, the boreal coniferous forests which run across the continent. South of the taiga are a belt of temperate broadleaf and mixed forests and temperate coniferous forests. This vast Euro-Siberian region has many shared plant and animal species, and many similarities with the temperate and boreal regions of the Nearctic of North America. 

Eurasia and North America were often connected by the Bering land bridge, and have very similar mammal and bird fauna, with many Eurasian species having moved into North America, and fewer North American species having moved into Eurasia. 

Many zoologists consider the Palearctic and Nearctic to be a single Holarctic ecozone. The Palearctic and Nearctic also share many plant species.

The lands bordering the Mediterranean Sea in southern Europe, north Africa, and western Asia are home to the Mediterranean basin ecoregions, which together constitute world's largest and most diverse mediterranean climate region of the world, with generally mild, rainy winters and hot, dry summers. The Mediterranean basin's mosaic of forests, woodlands, and scrub are home to 13,000 endemic species. "Conservation International" has designated the Mediterranean basin as one of the world's biodiversity hotspots.

A great belt of deserts, including the Sahara desert, and Arabian desert, separates the Palearctic and Afrotropic ecoregions. These desert ecoregions are included in the palearctic ecozone; other biogeographers identify the ecozone boundary as the transition zone between the desert ecoregions and the Mediterranean basin ecoregions to the north. This would place the deserts in the Afrotropic, while others place the boundary through the middle of the desert.

The Caucasus mountains, which run between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, are a particularly rich mix of coniferous, broadleaf, and mixed forests, and include some temperate rain forest.

Central Asia and the Iranian plateau are home to dry steppe grasslands and desert basins, with montane forests, woodlands, and grasslands in the region's high mountains and plateaux.

The middle altitude foothills of the Himalaya between about 2000–2500 m form the boundary between the Palearctic and Indomalaya ecoregions.

China, Korea and Japan are more humid and temperate than adjacent Siberia and Central Asia, and are home to rich temperate coniferous, broadleaf, and mixed forests. These are now mostly limited to mountainous areas, as the densely populated lowlands and river basins have been converted to intensive agricultural and urban use. 

East Asia was not much affected by glaciation in the ice ages, and retained 96 percent of Pliocene tree genera, while Europe retained only 27 percent.

Holarctic

The Holarctic ecozone refers to the habitats found throughout the northern continents of the world as a whole. 

This region is divided into the Palearctic and the Nearctic. The palearctic is Northern Africa and all of Eurasia, with the exception of Southeast Asia and the Indian subcontinent. The Nearctic is North America north of southern Mexico. 

These are further subdivided into a variety of ecoregions. Many ecosystems, and the animal and plant communities that depend on them, are found across multiple continents in large portions of this ecozone. 

The continuity of these ecosystems results from the shared glacial history of this ecozone. Also, during glacial periods, mammal fauna was able to cross from Asia to North America via the Bering Strait. 

Moodabidri

Moodabidri is a town in India. It is in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state. It is 37 km away from the district headquarters, Mangalore. People there speak Tulu, Konkani and Kannada. This place consist of many notable tourist spots like Thousand Pillar Temple , Kadalakere Nisarga Dhama, Hanuman Temple, Soans farm, Butterfly park, Beluvai, Satynarayana temple etc. This place is famous for its heritage and monuments . Many jain basadi's (temples of Jain religion) are the places to visit.

Afrotropic

The Afrotropic is one of the Earth's eight ecozones. The zone was formerly known as the Ethiopian Zone.

The zone includes Africa south of the Sahara, the southern and eastern parts of the Arabian Peninsula, the island of Madagascar, southern Iran, extreme southwestern Pakistan, and the islands of the western Indian Ocean. Almost all this land was part of the ancient southern supercontinent of Gondwana, which started to break up 150 million years ago.

Because Africa is a very large continent, and runs north/south acrsoss the equator, the zone has many different climates and habitats.

Most of the Afrotropic, has a tropical climate. A broad belt of deserts separate the Afrotropic from the Palearctic ecozone, which includes northern Africa and temperate Eurasia.

South of the Sahara, two belts of tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas and shrublands run east and west across the continent, from the Atlantic Ocean to the Ethiopian Highlands. 

Immediately south of the Sahara lies the Sahel belt, a transitional zone of semi-arid short grassland and Acacia savanna. 

Rainfall increases further south in the Sudan, a belt of taller grasslands and savannas. The Sudanian savanna is home to two great flooded grasslands and savannas, the Sudd wetland in the Sudan, and the Niger Inland Delta in Mali.

South Arabia, mostly Yemen and parts of western Oman and southwest Saudi Arabia, has few permanent forests. Otherwise woodlands scatter the land and are very small Juniper or Acacia forests.

A belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forests, runs across most of equatorial Africa. 

The largest tropical forest zone in Africa are the forests of the Congo Basin in Central Africa. A belt of tropical moist broadleaf forest also runs along the Indian Ocean coast, from southern Somalia to South Africa.

The Great Rift Valley gives East Africa its unique mix of deep lakes, highlands, volcanoes and grassland.


Woodlands, savannas, grasslands and desert.

Madagascar and neighboring islands form a distinctive sub-region of the ecozone, with numerous endemic taxa like the lemurs. 

Madagascar and the Seychelles are not part of Africa, and that explains why the advanced primates of Africa (monkeys, apes) are not found in Madagascar. This is because Madagascar has not been connected to Africa since the break-up of Gondwana. Lemurs are found occupying more or less the same ecological niches as monkeys do in Africa.

Other Indian ocean islands, like the Comoros and Mascarene Islands, are volcanic islands that formed more recently. Madagascar contains several important biospheres: its biodiversity and numbers of unique species is high.

York Cottage

York Cottage was the home of King George V and Queen Mary when they were Duke and Duchess of York. It is currently used as the Estate Office for Sandringham House. Some of the building is also used as flats for estate employees and holiday accommodation.

King George V and his wife, Queen Mary, lived in the house after their marriage in 1893. 

Midhurst

Midhurst is a town in West Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 4,889 people living in Midhurst.

Newcastle-under-Lyme

Newcastle-under-Lyme, known locally as just Newcastle, is a market town in the ceremonial county of Staffordshire in England, near to the city of Stoke-on-Trent. It is located in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, near to the borders with Shropshire and Cheshire. 

In 2011, the town had a population of 75,082 people.

The "Newcastle" part of the town's name comes from the town being the location of a new castle in the 12th century. The "Lyme" part of the name could refer to the Lyme Brook, a stream of the River Trent, or the Forest of Lyme that covered the area with lime trees in the Middle Ages.

The town is home to Newcastle-under-Lyme School, an independent school. The school was established in the 17th century.

In the 18th century, Newcastle was an important coaching town, located on the main road from Liverpool and Manchester to Birmingham and London.

Fort Belvedere, Surrey

Fort Belvedere is a country house on Shrubs Hill in Windsor Great Park, England, very near Sunningdale, Berkshire, but actually over the border in the borough of Runnymede in Surrey. It is a former royal residence - from 1750 to 1976 - and is most famous for being the home of King Edward VIII. Fort Belvedere is still owned by the Crown, and is now occupied by private tenants.

Fort Belvedere was built 1750-1755, for Prince William Augustus, Duke of Cumberland, younger son of George II and Queen Caroline, famous for his role in the Battle of Culloden. It was, at first, merely a folly (a building built as art, instead of having a purely practical purposes). It was used as a summer-house, and seven counties could be seen, as now, from the top of the flagstaff tower. The triangular turreted structure was set in a dense plantation of trees and overlooked Virginia Water, a man-made body of water constructed by Thomas and Paul Sandby at the request of the Duke.

Sir Jeffrey Wyattville, who was responsible for the rebuilding of Windsor Castle under George IV, enlarged the house in 1828, for use as a hunting lodge. Additions included an octagon room in the North-East side, where the King regularly had dinner.

The new work included the extension of the military appearance of the house, though it never had any military use. A set of 31 guns, cast 1729-1749 by the first master founder at the Royal Foundry, later the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, were used to fire salutes until 1907, often for Queen Victoria who was a frequent visitor. The Bombardier entrusted with the care of the guns lived in Bombardier’s Cottage, connected to the main house by an archway.

Later the property was used by a variety of royals, or their servants. In 1911, the old building was converted into a residence, and was used by Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn. The fort has 7 bedrooms.

The ruins in the grounds can be seen from the shore of Virginia Water and are part of an ancient temple brought from Leptis Magna near Tripoli. The ruins are located between the south shore and Blacknest Road close to the junction with the A30 London Road and Wentworth Drive.

In 1929, the building became vacant, and was given to Prince Edward, the Prince of Wales by his father, King George V. This became the Prince's chief residence, and was used extensively by the Prince for entertaining and as a country retreat. When he became King in 1936, Edward continued to use the Fort, even though he now had a much wider choice of residences to live in.

The Prince of Wales was resident 1930-36. During his tenure extensive remodelling to the interior was carried out. Interior decorator Herman Schrijver, who had decorated the home of the prince's future wife, Wallis Simpson, worked on the Fort's interiors in 1935.

The Fort became the setting of the Abdication crisis during 1936, when Edward abdicated the throne following the British and Dominion governments' opposition to his marriage to Wallis Simpson. Edward held his final meetings with British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin and signed the Instrument of Abdication, witnessed by his brothers, at the Fort.

During World War II, the Fort was used by the Office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands, which had been evacuated from their central London offices. After the War the house stayed empty. The Hon. Gerald Lascelles, younger son of Mary, the Princess Royal (daughter of King George V) was the tenant 1956-1975, on a 99 year lease. He restored the gardens, and added a swimming pool, and tennis court. In 1976 the Emir of Dubai moved in. More recently the house is occupied by private tenants. The Crown Estate Commissioners remain the owners of the freehold, as the property is still part of the Great Park.

Matlock, Derbyshire

Matlock is a town on the A6 road in Derbyshire, England. In 2001 there were 9,496 people living in Matlock. Matlock gives its name to the lead based mineral named Matlockite.

Koteshwara

Koteshwara is a village in India. It is in Udupi district of Karnataka state. It is near Kundapur town.

Radiated tortoise

The radiated tortoise is a type of tortoise. It has vibrant yellow streaks down its bumpy black shell. It lives in southern and hotter parts of Madagascar. It can stay alive up to about 50 years in the wild and about 100 years in captivity.

The radiated tortoise has a black patch on its head. Its scaly legs are yellow. Its shell is its most impressive feature. The shell is black and bumpy with a pattern of yellow stripes on it. The radiated tortoise can weigh up to 35 lbs.

The radiated tortoise likes to use the same food source many times before choosing a new one. They eat seeds, fruit, succulent plants and shrubs. They get their water from water pools on rocks. It is very hot so they have to stay hydrated.


Tring

Tring is a town near the A41 road and Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, England. In 2001 there were 12,027 people living in Tring.

Clitheroe

Clitheroe is a town near the A59 road in Lancashire, England. In 2001 there were 14,697 people living in Clitheroe.

Australasian realm

The Australasian zone is an ecological region which fits the geographic region of Australasia. That means Australia, New Guinea and neighbouring islands. The northern boundary is the Wallace Line. 

The ecozone includes Australia, the island of New Guinea (including Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua). 

The smaller islands include the eastern part of the Indonesian archipelago, including the island of Sulawesi, the Moluccan islands (the Indonesian provinces of Maluku and North Maluku) and islands of Lombok, Sumbawa, Sumba, Flores, and Timor, often known as the Lesser Sundas. 

The Australasian ecozone also includes several Pacific island groups, including the Bismarck Archipelago, Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, and New Caledonia. New Zealand and its surrounding islands are a distinctive sub-region of the Australasian ecozone. The rest of Indonesia is part of the Indomalayan ecozone. 

The Australasian continental plate was once attached to Antarctica as part of the Gondwana supercontinent. The peculiarity of its flora and fauna is due to its long separation from the rest of the world. Apart from some birds, and until recent introductions by man, the native life had been undisturbed by invasions. The ecozone has the only two living monotremes, and has no native eutherian mammals. 

Almost all its native mammals (except the two monotremes) are marsupials. The indisputable remains of Australian placental mammals started from the Miocene, when Australia moved closer to Indonesia. After 15 million years ago (mya) bats appeared in the fossil record, and after 5-10 mya rodents did, and 1 mya rats arrived. This information is based on the fossil record. Several thousand years ago, man brought the dingo, and 200 years ago many more species. This information applies to Australia. The fauna of New Zealand, and the Pacific islands shows a different pattern. There the migrations from the Indomalayan ecozone mostly did not arrive.

Alfred Russell Wallace found the dividing line between the Australasian ecozone and the rest of the world. It runs between the islands of Lombok (Australasia) and Bali (Indomalaya).


A Dog of Flanders

A Dog of Flanders was written in 1872 by English author Marie Louise de la Ramée. It is about a dog named Patrasche who ends up living with an artist named Nello and his grandfather, Jeehan Daas. 

Several movies and TV series have been made based on this book. Among them are:

Eczema

Eczema (from Greek "ēkzema", "to boil over") is a form of dermatitis, or inflammation of the epidermis. The epidermis is the outer layer of the skin.

Eczema is a skin disease that makes your skin dry with a red or pink color to it. It becomes irritated very easily. The person's skin may start to fall off. The person may get a rash, and skin may ooze fluids (liquid will come out from the area). If a person has eczema, the person's skin might itch and turn a lighter color in the area. Eczema is common in creases of the body (i.e. on the backs of knees, on your eyelids, in between your fingers). It worsens with extreme temperatures, so it is most common during the winter and the summer. The extreme heat can make you sweat which will irritate the dry spots. The extreme cold will dry your skin out even more. It also can become irritated from a quick change in temperature. For example, if you are outside on a summer day and come into the air conditioning. 

Eczema can last for a most of a person's life, but there is a good chance you will out grow it before you are eighteen. If you do not outgrow it by the age of eighteen, the odds that you will have it for the rest of your life increase. The good thing is, even if you do not outgrow it symptoms usually lessen the older you are. The worst breakouts are usually when you are very young. Some babies are born with eczema and deal with it a lot during their first years of life. 

There are three different kinds of eczema: atopic, contact dermatitis, and neurodermatitis. No kind of Eczema is contagious. If a person's relatives have Eczema, that person is more likely to have it, too. For example, if your father grew up having eczema there is a high likelihood you will have it during your lifetime. 

There are some foods or medicines that can start eczema. A lot of children who are sensitive to dairy or gluten will find this leads to eczema flare ups. Also, if you have an allergic reaction to a food this can cause hives which can sometimes turn into an eczema irritation spot. 

There are medicines that can help eczema hurt less. There is a medicine called hydroxyzine that is commonly used to treat it. This prevents people from itching their eczema during their sleep. There is also a new product on the market called Dupixent. This is an injection one must give to themselves once every other week. It helps to lessen the dry skin and rashes that come with eczema. 

Eczema can also be treated with lotions and ointments. It can be treated with over the counter lotions such as Eucerin, Cera Ve, or a cortisone ointment. There are also prescription steroid creams that will help the eczema spots. These are typically just stronger cortisone ointments. Also, using Aquaphor on very dry spots can help them from drying out further. In some extreme cases, people might find it necessary to receive an oral steroid or steroid shot to lessen their irritation. Bathing with hot water will make Eczema rashes worse. 

John Payne

John Payne (May 28, 1912 – December 6, 1989) was an American actor and singer.

John Payne began his career playing a small role in the William Wyler movie "Dodsworth" (1936). In 1938 he got a role in the comedy "College Swing", directed by Raoul Walsh. He appeared on Broadway from 1935 to 1939. His first starring role was playing a boxer Steve Nelson in "Kid Nightingale" (1939), directed by George Amy. John Payne work with Randolph Scott and Maureen O'Hara in the war movie "To the Shores of Tripoli" (1942), directed by H. Bruce Humberstone. 

In 1946 he got the role co-starring in "Miracle on 34th Street" (1947), directed by George Seaton. Another great movie starring Payne was "Kansas City Confidential" (1952), directed by Phil Karlson. In this movie Payne plays an ex-convict trying to become a part of society who people think robbed many armored car. 

He has also been a regular performer in Westerns movies "El Paso" (1949), "The Eagle and the Hawk" (1950) and "Passage West" (1951) directed by Lewis R. Foster, "The Vanquished" (1953), directed by Edward Ludwig, "Silver Lode" (1954), directed by Allan Dwan, "Rails Into Laramie" (1954) directed by Jesse Hibbs, "Santa Fe Passage" (1955) directed by William Witney, "The Road to Denver" (1955), directed by Joseph Kane, "Tennessee's Partner" (1955), where he worked with Ronald Reagan, directed by Allan Dwan, and "Rebel in Town" (1956) by Alfred L. Werker.

John Payne also had success in television. He was the star of western "The Restless Gun". It was a television series broadcast on NBC between 1957 and 1959, Payne starred as Vint Bonner, a lone cowboy and former Confederate soldier. He also made appearances in "Zane Grey Theater" (1957), "The Dick Powell Show" (1962), "The Name of the Game" (1968), "Gunsmoke" (1970), "Cade's County" (1971), and "Columbo" (1975).



Plucking (glaciation)

Glacial plucking is when a glacier freezes into the side of a valley and it pulls rock away.

Stoke Fleming

Stoke Fleming is a village and civil parish on the A379 road and Start Bay, South of Dartmouth in South Hams, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 1,012 people living in Stoke Fleming. Stoke Fleming has a Library and a primary school. 

Another Perfect Day

Another Perfect Day is the sixth album by the British heavy metal band Motörhead. The album was released in 1983 and reached number 20 in the UK charts.

List of capital cities by altitude

This is a list of national capital cities ranked by altitude. The altitude of the cities affects the people and buildings of the place. In many cases, the cold climate in winter means a particular style of house with heating and a different lifestyle is needed to fit to the weather.

The first country in this list, Bolivia, is a country with many capitals - Sucre (constitutional capital) and La Paz (seat of government). If we consider La Paz as the national capital, then Bolivia will be ranked as number 1 in the List, but if you consider Sucre, then the capital of Ecuador - Quito - will be the highest national capital.

Swilland

Swilland is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there ware 164 people living in Swilland. Swilland has a church called St Mary.

Newcastle Waters

Newcastle Waters is a small settlement near the Stuart Highway in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is 777 km north of Alice Springs and 705 km south of Darwin. It is inside Newcastle Waters station, a large cattle station with over 45,000 head of cattle. The station covers 10,353 square kilometers. The nearest petrol station and accommodation is found 23 kilometres (14 miles) south at Elliott.

Newcastle Waters was named by the explorer, John McDouall Stuart in 1861. He named it after the Duke of Newcastle. The waterhole Stuart discovered is now called the Longreach Hole. When the Australian Overland Telegraph Line was built, a relay station was built at Newcastle Waters in 1870. The cattle station was set up in 1883. In 1930 the government set aside an area of the station for a town site. It was an important stop for moving cattle herds through the Northern Territory. However in the 1960's as cattle were moved by trucks, the town was abandoned. The buildings in the town are now in poor condition.


Kupang

Kupang is the provincial capital of East Nusa Tenggara province in southeast Indonesia.

The city is in West Timor on the island of Timor, and had a population estimated in 2012 at 450,000. It is surrounded by (but is separate from) the regency of Kupang, which had a population estimated in 2009 at 394,173. It is the biggest city and port on the island of Timor.

Kupang's economy is mainly based on its cement industry and the export and import of goods from its busy port. The airport of Kupang El Tari (IATA-Code: KOE), is about 8 km from the city center to the east. As capital of East Nusa Tenggara, the transport and administrative links from Kupang with isolated islands are extensive.

The location was an important port and trading point during the Portuguese and Dutch colonial eras. There are ruins and remnant signs of the colonial presence in the city.

The city was an important landing and refueling place for early long distance airplane flights between Europe and Australia in the early twentieth century. It was an important location during the conflict in East Timor, for the Indonesian military, as well as the militias. The camps around Kupang were also of significant impact on the city.

In 1962, the University of Nusa Cendana was established, and the city became important both in the field of education and also economically.

In 1967, the city was made the seat of the Diocese of Kupang. In 1989 the diocese was elevated to become the Archdiocese of Kupang.

Kupang was the final destination of William Bligh who was set adrift in an open boat during the Mutiny on the Bounty (1789). The Mutiny on the Bounty took place about 30 nautical miles (56 km) from Tofua. Lt William Bligh navigated the overcrowded 23 foot (7 m) open launch on an epic 41-day voyage first to Tofua and then to the West Timor city of Kupang equipped only with a sextant and a pocket watch— no charts or compass. He recorded the distance as 3,618 nautical miles (6710 km). He passed through the difficult Torres Strait along the way and landed on June 14. The only casualty of his voyage was a crewman named John Norton who was stoned to death by the natives of Tofua, the first island they tried to land on.

News of the journey of Captain Bligh inspired the escape of a party of convicts from the penal colony at Sydney Cove, Australia. A group of nine convicts and two children, led by William Bryant, stole a small uncovered government boat and escaped from Port Jackson, Australia. Ten weeks later, they arrived at Kupang, having covered , a feat as remarkable as Blighs, given that only three members of the group had any sailing experience.

Kupang is the first port of call for yachts in the annual Sail Indonesia rally which starts in Darwin, Australia towards the end of July each year. In 2006 about 100 yachts from around the world took part in the rally. From Kupang yachts head north to Alor and then stop at various ports in Indonesia over a period of about three months ending up in Singapore.

Kupang has a sister city relationship with:

Eastern Caribbean Central Bank

The Eastern Caribbean Central Bank is the central bank of a group of six independent Caribbean nations, namely:
and 2 British overseas territories

It was set up in October 1983 in order to keep the East Caribbean dollar (EC$) stable, to regulate the banking system and to help the balanced growth and development of member states. Its headquarters are in Basseterre, on the island of St. Kitts.

All of the ECCB members are also a part of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS).



Framlingham railway station

Framlingham railway station is a railway station in Framlingham, Suffolk, United Kingdom. It opened in 1859, and ended passenger service in 1952. Freight service ended in 1963.

Westerfield railway station

Westerfield is a railway station in Westerfield Suffolk, England. The station is a junction of the Felixstowe Branch Line to Felixstowe, and the East Suffolk Line to Lowestoft. The station is 6 km (3½ miles) east of Ipswich. Westerfield is a small village north of Ipswich and the station is on the south side of the village.

Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court

The Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court (ECSC) is a higher court for the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS), including six independent states: Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and three British Overseas Territories (Anguilla, British Virgin Islands, and Montserrat). It has unlimited jurisdiction in each member State.

The ECSC was set up in 1967 by the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court Order No. 223 of 1967. In Grenada, the Court is called "the Supreme Court of Grenada and the West Indies Associated States". See section 105 of the Grenada Constitution.

The functions of the ECSC are as follows:

The Headquarters of the ECSC is in the Heraldine Rock Building, Waterfront, Castries, Saint Lucia. The building houses the Justices of Appeal’s chambers, the Court of Appeal Registry, the Judicial Education Institute, Library, and the Administrative Services.

Also, there are Court Offices in the nine Member States, which house the chambers of the High Court Judges and the offices of the High Court Registry. Each High Court Registry is headed by a legally trained Registrar to give administrative and legal support for the working of the High Court.



Pope John XIX

Pope John XIX (;   -died October 1032), born Romanus, was an Italian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and the 145th Pope from 1024 to 1032.

Romanus was born in Rome to the noble Tusculum family. He was the brother of Pope Benedict VIII and the uncle of Pope Benedict IX.

Romanus was elected pope in 1024. His family used his money and influence to make Romanus the pope. This was called simony. He chose the name Pope John, and he is known as John XIX.

After his election, Pope John became a priest and a bishop.

John XIX is credited as the first pope to grant an indulgence.

His successor was his nephew, who became known as Benedict IX.



Martin Luther King, Sr.

The Reverend Martin Luther King, Sr. (born Michael King; December 19, 1899 – November 11, 1984) was an African American civil rights activist and the father of Martin Luther King, Jr. He was a Baptist minister. His son - Martin Luther King, Junior - was a civil rights activist who went against racial segregation. His spouse, Alberta Williams King, was assassinated. King died on November 11, 1984 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 84.

Pico Rivera, California

Pico Rivera is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is in the southeastern part of the county, near Whittier and Montebello. The city was formed in 1958 when the communities of Pico and Rivera came together. Those places had been farming towns, but became residential after World War II. At one time, there was a large factory that made Ford cars in Pico Rivera. The city has a large Mexican-American population, with Latinos making up 88% of the population.

Open Door Policy

The Open Door Policy was a policy between China, the United States and several nations in Europe. It opened trade with China to each of these nations. Prior to that, China was a closed country. Europe was about to fight a war to open up China by force. This grew out of the Open Door Notes sent by United States Secretary of State John Hay to diplomats in Europe.

Benedict Arnold

Benedict Arnold V ( – 14 June 1801) was a general during the American Revolutionary War. He began the war in the Continental Army but later changed to the British Army. While on the American side, led the fort at West Point, New York. He planned to give the fort to the British army. He was caught in September 1780 and switched sides to the British Army. He was made a brigadier general in the British Army.

Arnold was born in Connecticut. He started as a merchant, sailing ships on the Atlantic Ocean. He joined the Continental army outside Boston. Soon, he became famous for cunning and bravery. His actions included these:


The Continental Congress decided to promote other people instead of Arnold, and this made him angry. Other officers claimed credit for some of Arnold's actions. When he lived in Philadelphia, Arnold was accused of corruption, but he was found innocent. Congress investigated his accounts, and found that he owed it money after he had spent much of his own money on the war effort. 

Arnold was angry about being passed over for promotion and being told to pay money even though he had already given much of his money to the army. He decided to change sides in 1779, and he began to secretly talk to the British

In July 1780, he asked for, and got, command of West Point. Secretly, he planned to surrender it to the British. But Arnold's contact in the British army, Major John André, was captured. André had been carrying papers Arnold had given him that revealed the plot. Upon learning of André's capture, Arnold ran away down the Hudson River to the British ship "HMS Vulture". Arnold was almost captured by the forces of George Washington, but he did get away.

Arnold was made a brigadier general in the British Army, an annual pension of £360, and a lump sum of over £6,000. During the American Revolutionary War, he led British forces on raids in Virginia, and against New London and Groton, Connecticut. In the winter of 1782, Arnold moved to London with his second wife, Margaret "Peggy" Shippen Arnold. In England, the king and the Tory political party liked him, but the Whig political party did not. In 1787, Arnold became a merchant again became a merchant, with his sons Richard and Henry in Saint John, New Brunswick, but returned to London to settle permanently in 1791, where he died ten years later.

Because of the way he changed sides, his name quickly became a byword in the United States for treason or betrayal. Some of the memorials that have been placed in his honor show the mixed feelings people still have about him.

Benedict was the second of six children of Benedict Arnold III (1683–1761) and Hannah Waterman King. He was born in Norwich, Connecticut on January 14, 1741. He was named after his great-grandfather Benedict Arnold. That Benedict Arnold had been governor of the Colony of Rhode Island. Benedict Arnold was also named after his brother Benedict IV, who died in infancy. Out of the six children, only Benedict and his sister Hannah lived to be adults; his other brothers and sisters died of yellow fever when they were still children. Arnold's mother's mother's ancestor was John Lothropp. Lothropp was also the ancestor of at least four U.S. presidents.

Arnold's father was a businessman. Socially, the family was high-ranking in Norwich. When he was ten, Arnold was sent to a private school in Canterbury. His parents planned for him to go to Yale. However, after the brother and sisters died, Arnold's father started drinking, and the family lost some of its money. By the time Arnold was fourteen, his family could not pay for private education. His father also drank too much and was in too poor health to teach Arnold to work in the family business. Arnold's mother's friends made Arnold the apprentice with two of her cousins, Daniel and Joshua Lathrop, in an apothecary and general merchandise business in Norwich. His apprenticeship with the Lathrops lasted seven years.

In 1755, Arnold tried to join the provincial militia to fight in the French and Indian War, but his mother did not let him. In 1757, when Arnold was sixteen, he did enlist in the militia, which marched to Albany and Lake George. When Arnold's commanders heard that the French had captured of Fort William Henry, they turned around. Arnold was in the military for 13 days Some say that Arnold deserted in 1758 but there is no proof.

Arnold's mother died in 1759. Arnold's father's alcoholism got worse, so Arnold had to support his father and younger sister. His father was arrested for public drunkenness, was refused communion by his church, and eventually died in 1761.

The Lathrops helped Arnold become a pharmacist and bookseller in New Haven, Connecticut in 1762. 
Arnold was hardworking and successful, and his business begame larger. In 1763, he repaid the Lathrops the money he borrowed, bought back the family house that his father had sold, and re-sold it a year later for a large profit.

In 1764 he and Adam Babcock, another young New Haven merchant, became partners. Using the profits from the sale of the family house, they bought three ships and started trading with the West Indies. Arnold brought his sister Hannah to New Haven to work in the apothecary business when he was not there. He traveled a lot for his business, throughout New England and from Quebec to the West Indies, often running of one of his own ships. On one of his voyages, Arnold fought a duel in Honduras with a British sea captain who had called him a "damned Yankee, destitute of good manners or those of a gentleman." The captain was wounded after in the first part duel, and apologized after Arnold threatened to aim to kill on the second part.
The Sugar Act of 1764 and the Stamp Act of 1765 limited trade in the colonies. Because of the Stamp Act, Arnold joined groups of people who did not like those taxes. He also joined the Sons of Liberty, a secret organization. The Sons of Liberty sometimes used violence. At first, Arnold did not go to protests in public. Like many merchants, Arnold opposed the Stamp Act by continuing his trading business without paying the tax. This meant he was a smuggler. Arnold also lost much of his money. He owed £16,000 and some creditors told people that he was bankrupt. He sued them. 
On the night of January 28, 1767, Arnold and members of his crew, watched by a crowd of Sons of Liberty, attacked and beat up a man whom they thought had told the government that Arnold was smuggling. Arnold was convicted of disorderly conduct and fined the relatively small amount of 50 shillings. This sentence was very light. This might have been because many people knew about the case and agreed with Arnold.

On February 22, 1767, Arnold married Margaret Mansfield. She was the daughter of Samuel Mansfield, the sheriff of New Haven. Historians think Arnold may have met Samuel Mansfield at the local Masonic Lodge. Arnold became business partners with Samuel Mansfield. Samuel Mansfield used his job as sheriff to help Arnold stay away from people to whom he owed money. Arnold's first son, Benedict VI, was born in 1768. Richard Arnold was born in 1769. Henry Arnold was born in 1772. Margaret died early in the revolution, on June 19, 1775, while Arnold was still at Fort Ticonderoga. Even while Margaret Arnold was still alive, it was really Arnold's sister Hannah who ran their house.

Arnold was in the West Indies when the Boston Massacre happened on March 5, 1770. He wrote he was "very much shocked" and wondered "good God, are the Americans all asleep and tamely giving up their liberties, or are they all turned philosophers, that they don't take immediate vengeance on such miscreants."

Arnold began the war when he was elected as a captain in Connecticut's militia in March 1775. After the start of fighting at Lexington and Concord the following month, his company marched northeast to help at the siege of Boston that followed. Arnold told the Massachusetts Committee of Safety of his idea to seize Fort Ticonderoga in New York, which he knew was poorly defended. They made him a colonel on 3 May 1775, and he immediately rode off to the west, arriving at Castleton in the disputed New Hampshire Grants (present-day Vermont) in time to join with Ethan Allen and his men in the capture of Fort Ticonderoga. He followed up that action with a bold raid on Fort Saint-Jean on the Richelieu River north of Lake Champlain. When a Connecticut militia force arrived at Ticonderoga in June, he had a dispute with its commander over control of the fort, and resigned his Massachusetts commission. He was on his way home from Ticonderoga when he learned that his wife died earlier in June.
When the Second Continental Congress authorized an invasion of Quebec, in part on the urging of Arnold, he was passed over for command of the expedition. Arnold then went to Cambridge, Massachusetts, and suggested to George Washington a second expedition to attack Quebec City via a wilderness route through present-day Maine. This expedition, for which Arnold received a colonel's commission in the Continental Army, left Cambridge in September 1775 with 1,100 men. After a difficult passage in which 300 men turned back and another 200 died en route, Arnold arrived before Quebec City in November. Joined by Richard Montgomery's small army, he took part in the assault on Quebec City on 31 December, in which Montgomery was killed and Arnold's leg was shattered. Rev. Samuel Spring, his chaplain, carried him to the makeshift hospital at the Hotel Dieu. Arnold, who was promoted to brigadier general for his role in reaching Quebec, maintained an ineffectual siege of the city until he was replaced by Major General David Wooster in April 1776. 

Arnold then traveled to Montreal, where he served as military commander of the city until forced to retreat by an advancing British army that had arrived at Quebec in May. He commanded the rear of the Continental Army during its retreat from Saint-Jean. James Wilkinson said Arnold was the last person to leave before the British arrived. He then directed the construction of a fleet to defend Lake Champlain, which was defeated in the October 1776 Battle of Valcour Island. His actions at Saint-Jean and Valcour Island played a notable role in delaying the British advance against Ticonderoga until 1777.

During these actions, Arnold made a number of friends and a larger number of enemies within the army power structure and in Congress. He had established decent relationships with George Washington, commander of the army, as well as Philip Schuyler and Horatio Gates, both of whom had command of the army's Northern Department during 1775 and 1776. However, a dispute with Moses Hazen, commander of the 2nd Canadian Regiment, boiled over into a court martial of Hazen at Ticonderoga during the summer of 1776. Only action by Gates, then his superior at Ticonderoga, prevented his own arrest on counter charges leveled by Hazen. He had also had disagreements with John Brown and James Easton, two lower-level officers with political connections that resulted in ongoing suggestions of wrongdoing on his part. Brown was particularly vicious, publishing a handbill that claimed of Arnold, "Money is this man's God, and to get enough of it he would sacrifice his country".

General Washington told Arnold to defend Rhode Island after the British captured Newport in December 1776. At that time, the militia did not have enough weapons and supplies to attack the British. Arnold was near his home, so he visited his children, and he spent much of the winter in Boston, where he tried to convince a woman named Betsy Deblois to marry him. She said no. In February 1777, he learned that Congress had not promoted him to major general. He tried to resign, or quit, but Washington did not let him. But Washington did write to members of Congress about the promotions. He wrote that "two or three other very good officers" might quit if Congress kept promoting people for political reasons instead of based on who could fight and lead the best.

Arnold decided to go to Philadelphia to talk about his future. On the way, he heard a British force was marching toward a place in Danbury, Connecticut where the Continental army had put its supplies. Arnold, David Wooster, and Connecticut militia General Gold Selleck Silliman led the militia to stop them. This was the Battle of Ridgefield. Arnold he led a small group of soldiers to stop or slow down the British as they returned to the Atlantic Ocean. Arnold was again wounded in his left leg.

Then Arnold went on to Philadelphia, where he talked with members of Congress about his rank. Because of his good leadership at Ridgefield and because Wooster had died, Congress promoted Arnold to major general, although he did not outrank people who had been promoted before him. Arnold was not happy about this, and he tried to quit the army again. He wrote out a letter of resignation on July 11. But that day, people in Philadelphia learned that the British had captured Fort Ticonderoga. Again, Washington told Arnold he could not quit. Washington ordered Arnold to go north and help defend it.

Arnold arrived in Schuyler's camp at Fort Edward, New York on July 24. On August 13, Schuyler sent Arnold with 900 soldiers to help soldiers at Fort Stanwix. There, Arnold used a trick win. Arnold had a Native American messenger go into the camp of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger. The messenger said that Arnold's army was much larger and closer than it truly was. St. Leger's Native American soldiers abandoned him, so St. Leger and the rest of his soldiers had to leave too.

Arnold then went back to the Hudson, where General Gates led the American army. They had gone to a camp south of Stillwater. Arnold fought very well in the Battles of Saratoga, even though he argued with General Gates and Gates told him he could no longer lead in the field. During the second battle, Arnold, against Gates' orders, went to the battlefield and led attacks on the British defenses. He was again severely wounded in the left leg late in the fighting. Arnold himself said it would have been better had it been in the chest instead of the leg. Burgoyne surrendered ten days after the second battle, on October 17, 1777. Because of Arnold's bravery at Saratoga, Congress restored his command seniority, meaning he outranked people who had been promoted to the same rank before him. However, Arnold believed they did so because they felt sorry that he had been injured. What he really wanted was an apology for not promoting him sooner.
Arnold spent several months trying to heal from his injuries. Instead of cutting off his left leg, he had it set in a cast. It healed, but it was shorter than the right leg. He returned to the army at Valley Forge in May 1778. Many of the men who fought with him at Saratoga clapped when they saw him. There he took part in the first recorded Oath of Allegiance along with many other soldiers, as a sign of loyalty to the United States.

After the British withdrew from Philadelphia in June 1778 Washington appointed Arnold military commander of the city. Even before the Americans reoccupied Philadelphia, Arnold began planning to make money from the change in power there. He did many business deals designed to earn money from war-related supply movements and from his rank as a general. Powerful local men sometimes stopped Arnold's plans. Together, these people found enough evidence to publicly accuse Arnold of making money improperly. Arnold demanded a court martial so he could publicly prove he did nothing wrong. He wrote to Washington in May 1779, "Having become a cripple in the service of my country, I little expected to meet [such] ungrateful returns."

Arnold spent a lot of money in Philadelphia. He went to many social events, such as balls. During the summer of 1778, Arnold met Peggy Shippen, the 18-year-old daughter of Judge Edward Shippen, a Loyalist sympathizer who had done business with the British while they occupied the city. When the British had ruled Philadelphia, Major John André had also wanted to marry Peggy. Peggy and Arnold married on April 8, 1779. Peggy and her friends had learned how to write letters to the men they liked even when there were armies in between, even though the military did not want people to talk to the enemy. Joseph Stansbury, a Philadelphia merchant, helped Peggy and her friends send some of their messages.

Sometime early in May 1779, Arnold met with Stansbury. Stansbury, whose testimony before a British commission apparently erroneously placed the date in June, said that, after meeting with Arnold, "I went secretly to New York with a tender of [Arnold's] services to Sir Henry Clinton." Ignoring instructions from Arnold not to involve anyone else in the plot, Stansbury crossed the British lines and went to see Jonathan Odell in New York. Odell was a Loyalist working with William Franklin, the last Colonial Governor of New Jersey and the son of Benjamin Franklin. On 9 May Franklin introduced Stansbury to Major André, who had just been named the British spy chief. This was the beginning of a secret correspondence between Arnold and André, sometimes using his wife Peggy as a willing intermediary, that culminated over a year later with Arnold's change of sides.

André spoke to General Clinton, who gave him broad authority to pursue Arnold's offer. André then drafted instructions to Stansbury and Arnold. This first letter opened a discussion on the types of assistance and intelligence Arnold might provide, and included instructions for how to communicate in the future. Letters would be passed through the women's circle that Peggy Arnold was a part of, but only Peggy would be aware that some letters contained instructions written in both code "and" invisible ink that were to be passed on to André, using Stansbury as the courier.

By July 1779, Arnold was providing the British with troop locations and strengths, as well as the locations of supply depots, all the while negotiating over compensation. At first, he asked for indemnification of his losses and £10,000, an amount the Continental Congress had given Charles Lee for his services in the Continental Army. General Clinton, who was pursuing a campaign to gain control of the Hudson River Valley, was interested in plans and information on the defenses of West Point and other defenses on the Hudson River. He also began to insist on a face-to-face meeting, and suggested to Arnold that he pursue another high-level command. By October 1779, the negotiations had ground to a halt. Furthermore, Patriot mobs were scouring Philadelphia for Loyalists, and Arnold and the Shippen family were being threatened. Arnold was rebuffed by Congress and by local authorities in requests for security details for himself and his in-laws.

The court martial to consider the charges against Arnold began meeting on 1 June 1779, but was delayed until December 1779 by General Clinton's capture of Stony Point, New York, throwing the army into a flurry of activity to react. In spite of the fact that a number of members of the panel of judges were men ill-disposed to Arnold over actions and disputes earlier in the war, Arnold was cleared of all but two minor charges on 26 January 1780. Arnold worked over the next few months to publicize this fact; however, in early April, just one week after Washington congratulated Arnold on the 19 May birth of his son, Edward Shippen Arnold, Washington published a formal rebuke of Arnold's behavior.

Shortly after Washington's rebuke, a Congressional inquiry into his expenditures concluded that Arnold had failed to fully account for his expenditures incurred during the Quebec invasion, and that he owed the Congress some £1,000, largely because he was unable to document them. A significant number of these documents were lost during the retreat from Quebec; angry and frustrated, Arnold resigned his military command of Philadelphia in late April.

Early in April, Philip Schuyler had approached Arnold with the possibility of giving him the command at West Point. Discussions between Schuyler and Washington on the subject had not borne fruit by early June. Arnold reopened the secret channels with the British, informing them of Schuyler's proposals and including Schuyler's assessment of conditions and West Point. He also provided information on a proposed French-American invasion of Quebec that was to go up the Connecticut River. (Arnold did not know that this proposed invasion was a ruse intended to divert British resources.) On 16 June Arnold inspected West Point while on his way home to Connecticut to take care of personal business, and sent a highly detailed report through the secret channel. When he reached Connecticut Arnold arranged to sell his home there, and began transferring assets to London through intermediaries in New York. By early July he was back in Philadelphia, where he wrote another secret message to Clinton on 7 July which implied that his appointment to West Point was assured and that he might even provide a "drawing of the works ... by which you might take [West Point] without loss".

General Clinton and Major André, who returned victorious from the Siege of Charleston on 18 June were immediately caught up in this news. Clinton, concerned that Washington's army and the French fleet would join in Rhode Island, again fixed on West Point as a strategic point to capture. André, who had spies and informers keeping track of Arnold, verified his movements. Excited by the prospects, Clinton informed his superiors of his intelligence coups, but failed to respond to Arnold's 7 July letter.

Arnold next wrote a series of letters to Clinton, even before he might have expected a response to the 7 July letter. In a letter of 11 July, he complained that the British did not appear to trust him, and threatened to break off negotiations unless progress was made. On 12 July he wrote again, making explicit the offer to surrender West Point, although his price (in addition to indemnification for his losses) rose to £20,000, with a £1,000 down payment to be delivered with the response. These letters were delivered not by Stansbury but by Samuel Wallis, another Philadelphia businessman who spied for the British.

On 3 August 1780, Arnold obtained command of West Point. On 15 August he received a coded letter from André with Clinton's final offer: £20,000, and no indemnification for his losses. Due to difficulties in getting the messages across the lines, neither side knew for some days that the other was in agreement to that offer. Arnold's letters continued to detail Washington's troop movements and provide information about French reinforcements that were being organized. On 25 August Peggy finally delivered to him Clinton's agreement to the terms.

Washington, in assigning Arnold to the command at West Point, also gave him authority over the entire American-controlled Hudson River, from Albany down to the British lines outside New York City. While en route to West Point, Arnold renewed an acquaintance with Joshua Hett Smith, someone Arnold knew had done spy work for both sides, and who owned a house near the western bank of the Hudson just south of West Point.

Once he established himself at West Point, Arnold began systematically weakening its defenses and military strength. Needed repairs on the chain across the Hudson were never ordered. Troops were liberally distributed within Arnold's command area (but only minimally at West Point itself), or furnished to Washington on request. He also peppered Washington with complaints about the lack of supplies, writing, "Everything is wanting". At the same time, he tried to drain West Point's supplies, so that a siege would be more likely to succeed. His subordinates, some of whom were long-time associates, grumbled about unnecessary distribution of supplies, and eventually concluded that Arnold was selling some of the supplies on the black market for personal gain.
On August 30, Arnold sent a letter accepting Clinton's terms and proposing a meeting to André through yet another intermediary: William Heron, a member of the Connecticut Assembly he thought he could trust. Heron, in a comic twist, went into New York unaware of the significance of the letter, and offered his own services to the British as a spy. He then took the letter back to Connecticut, where, suspicious of Arnold's actions, he delivered it to the head of the Connecticut militia. General Parsons, seeing a letter written as a coded business discussion, laid it aside. Four days later, Arnold sent a ciphered letter with similar content into New York through the services of a prisoner-of-war's wife. Eventually, a meeting was set for 11 September near Dobb's Ferry. This meeting was thwarted when British gunboats in the river, not having been informed of his impending arrival, fired on his boat.

Arnold and André finally met on 21 September at Joshua Hett Smith's house. On the morning of 22 September James Livingston, the colonel in charge of the outpost at Verplanck's Point, fired on HMS "Vulture", the ship that was intended to carry André back to New York. This action damaged the ship and she had to retreat downriver, forcing André to return to New York overland. Arnold wrote out passes for André so that he would be able to pass through the lines, and also gave him plans for West Point. On Saturday, 23 September André was captured, near Tarrytown, by three Westchester patriots named John Paulding, Isaac Van Wart and David Williams; the papers exposing the plot to capture West Point were found and sent to Washington, and Arnold's treachery came to light after Washington examined them. Meanwhile, André convinced the unsuspecting commanding officer to whom he was delivered, Colonel John Jameson, to send him back to Arnold at West Point. However, Major Benjamin Tallmadge, a member of Washington's secret service, insisted Jameson order the prisoner intercepted and brought back. Jameson reluctantly recalled the lieutenant delivering André into Arnold's custody, but then sent the same lieutenant as a messenger to notify Arnold of André's arrest.

Arnold learned of André's capture the following morning, 24 September, when he received Jameson's message that André was in his custody and that the papers André was carrying had been sent to General Washington. Arnold received Jameson's letter while waiting for Washington, with whom he had planned to have breakfast. He made all haste to the shore and ordered bargemen to row him downriver to where the "Vulture" was anchored, which then took him to New York. From the ship Arnold wrote a letter to Washington, requesting that Peggy be given safe passage to her family in Philadelphia, a request Washington granted. When presented with evidence of Arnold's betrayal, it is reported that Washington was calm. He did, however, investigate the extent of the betrayal, and suggested in negotiations with General Clinton over the fate of Major André that he was willing to exchange André for Arnold. This suggestion Clinton refused; after a military tribunal, André was hanged at Tappan, New York on 2 October. Washington also infiltrated men into New York in an attempt to kidnap Arnold; this plan, which very nearly succeeded, failed when Arnold changed living quarters prior to sailing for Virginia in December.

Arnold attempted to justify his actions in an open letter titled "To the Inhabitants of America", published in newspapers in October 1780. In the letter to Washington requesting safe passage for Peggy, he wrote that "Love to my country actuates my present conduct, however it may appear inconsistent to the world, who very seldom judge right of any man's actions."

The British gave Arnold a brigadier general's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds, but only paid him £6,315 plus an annual pension of £360 because his plot failed. In December 1780, under orders from Clinton, Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia, where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia, destroying supply houses, foundries, and mills. This activity brought Virginia's militia out, and Arnold eventually retreated to Portsmouth to either be evacuated or reinforced. The pursuing American army included the Marquis de Lafayette, who was under orders from Washington to summarily hang Arnold if he was captured. Reinforcements led by William Phillips (who served under Burgoyne at Saratoga) arrived in late March, and Phillips led further raids across Virginia, including a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg, until his death of fever on 12 May 1781. Arnold commanded the army only until 20 May when Lord Cornwallis arrived with the southern army and took over. One colonel wrote to Clinton of Arnold, "there are many officers who must wish some other general in command". Cornwallis ignored advice proffered by Arnold to locate a permanent base away from the coast that might have averted his later surrender at Yorktown.
On his return to New York in June, Arnold made a variety of proposals for continuing to attack essentially economic targets in order to force the Americans to end the war. Clinton, however, was not interested in most of Arnold's aggressive ideas, but finally relented and authorized Arnold to raid the port of New London, Connecticut. On 4 September not long after the birth of his and Peggy's second son, Arnold's force of over 1,700 men raided and burned New London and captured Fort Griswold, causing damage estimated at $500,000. British casualties were high—nearly one quarter of the force was killed or wounded, a rate at which Clinton claimed he could ill afford more such victories.

Even before Cornwallis's surrender in October, Arnold had requested permission from Clinton to go to England to give Lord Germain his thoughts on the war in person. When word of the surrender reached New York, Arnold renewed the request, which Clinton then granted. On 8 December 1781, Arnold and his family left New York for England. In London he aligned himself with the Tories, advising Germain and King George III to renew the fight against the Americans. In the House of Commons, Edmund Burke expressed the hope that the government would not put Arnold "at the head of a part of a British army" lest "the sentiments of true honor, which every British officer [holds] dearer than life, should be afflicted." To Arnold's detriment the anti-war Whigs had gotten the upper hand in Parliament, and Germain was forced to resign, with the government of Lord North falling not long after.

Arnold then applied to accompany General Carleton, who was going to New York to replace Clinton as commander-in-chief; this request went nowhere. Other attempts to gain positions within the government or the British East India Company over the next few years all failed, and he was forced to subsist on the reduced pay of non-wartime service. His reputation also came under criticism in the British press, especially when compared to that of Major André, who was celebrated for his patriotism. One particularly harsh critic said that he was a "mean mercenary, who, having adopted a cause for the sake of plunder, quits it when convicted of that charge." In turning him down for an East India Company posting, George Johnstone wrote, "Although I am satisfied with the purity of your conduct, the generality do not think so. While this is the case, no power in this country could suddenly place you in the situation you aim at under the East India Company."

In 1785 Arnold and his son Richard moved to Saint John, New Brunswick, where they speculated in land, and established a business doing trade with the West Indies. Arnold purchased large tracts of land in the Maugerville area, and acquired city lots in Saint John and Fredericton. Delivery of his first ship, the "Lord Sheffield", was accompanied by accusations from the builder that Arnold had cheated him; Arnold claimed that he had merely deducted the contractually agreed amount when the ship was delivered late. After her first voyage, Arnold returned to London in 1786 to bring his family to Saint John. While there he disentangled himself from a lawsuit over an unpaid debt that Peggy had been fighting while he was away, paying £900 to settle a £12,000 loan he had taken while living in Philadelphia. The family moved to Saint John in 1787, where Arnold created an uproar with a series of bad business deals and petty lawsuits. Following the most serious, a slander suit he won against a former business partner, townspeople burned him in effigy in front of his house as Peggy and the children watched. The family left Saint John to return to London in December 1791.

In July 1792 he fought a bloodless duel with the James Maitland, 8th Earl of Lauderdale after the Earl impugned his honor in the House of Lords. With the outbreak of the French Revolution Arnold outfitted a privateer, while continuing to do business in the West Indies, even though the hostilities increased the risk. He was imprisoned by French authorities on Guadeloupe amid accusations of spying for the British, and narrowly eluded hanging by escaping to the blockading British fleet after bribing his guards. He helped organize militia forces on British-held islands, receiving praise from the landowners for his efforts on their behalf. This work, which he hoped would earn him wider respect and a new command, instead earned him and his sons a land grant of in Upper Canada, near present-day Renfrew, Ontario.

In January 1801 Arnold's health began to decline. Gout, which he had suffered since 1775, attacked his unwounded leg to the point where he was unable to go to sea; the other ached constantly, and he walked only with a cane. His doctors diagnosed him as having dropsy, and a visit to the countryside only temporarily improved his condition. He died after four days of delirium, on 14 June 1801, at the age of 60. Legend has it that when he was on his deathbed he said, "Let me die in this old uniform in which I fought my battles. May God forgive me for ever having put on another," but this may be apocryphal. Arnold was buried at St. Mary's Church, Battersea in London, England. As a result of a clerical error in the parish records, his remains were removed to an unmarked mass grave during church renovations a century later. His funeral procession had "seven mourning coaches and four state carriages"; the funeral was without military honors.

He left a small estate, reduced in size by his debts, which Peggy undertook to clear. Among his bequests were considerable gifts to one John Sage, who turned out to be an illegitimate son conceived during his time in New Brunswick.

Arnold's contributions to American independence are largely underrepresented in popular culture, while his name became synonymous with traitor in the 19th century. The demonization of Arnold began immediately after his betrayal became public. Biblical themes were often invoked; Benjamin Franklin wrote that "Judas Iscariot sold only one man, Arnold three million", and Alexander Scammel described Arnold's actions as "black as hell".
Early biographers attempted to describe Arnold's entire life in terms of treacherous or morally questionable behavior. The first major biography of Arnold, "The Life and Treason of Benedict Arnold", published in 1832 by historian Jared Sparks, was particularly harsh in showing how Arnold's treacherous character was allegedly formed out of childhood experiences. George Canning Hill, who authored a series of moralistic biographies in the mid-19th century, began his 1865 biography of Arnold "Benedict, the Traitor, was born ...". Social historian Brian Carso notes that as the 19th century progressed, the story of Arnold's betrayal took on near-mythic proportions as a part of the national creation story, and was again invoked as sectional conflicts leading up the American Civil War increased. Washington Irving used it as part of an argument against dismemberment of the union in his 1857 "Life of George Washington", pointing out that only the unity of New England and the southern states that led to independence was made possible in part by holding West Point. Jefferson Davis and other southern secessionist leaders were unfavorably compared to Arnold, implicitly and explicitly likening the idea of secession to treason. "Harper's Weekly" published an article in 1861 describing Confederate leaders as "a few men directing this colossal treason, by whose side Benedict Arnold shines white as a saint."

Fictional invocations of Arnold's name also carried strongly negative overtones. A moralistic children's tale entitled "The Cruel Boy" was widely circulated in the 19th century. It described a boy who stole eggs from birds' nests, pulled wings off insects, and engaged in other sorts of wanton cruelty, who then grew up to become a traitor to his country. The boy is not identified until the end of the story, when his place of birth is given as Norwich, Connecticut, and his name is given as Benedict Arnold. However, not all depictions of Arnold were strongly negative. Some theatrical treatments of the 19th century explored his duplicity, seeking to understand rather than demonize it.

The connection between Arnold and treason continued into the 20th and 21st centuries. On an episode of The Brady Bunch, "Everyone Can't Be George Washington", after Peter is assigned the role of Arnold in the school play, everyone hates him. In a recent reference, Dan Gilbert, owner of the National Basketball Association's Cleveland Cavaliers, subtly invoked Arnold in 2010. Upset over the manner in which LeBron James announced his departure from the team, Gilbert's company lowered the price of posters bearing James's likeness to $17.41, referring to the year of Arnold's birth.

Novelistic treatments of the American Revolutionary war sometimes feature Arnold as a character. But one notable treatment, depicting Arnold very much in a positive light, is Kenneth Roberts' Arundel novels, which cover many of the campaigns in which he participated:

During his marriage to Margaret Mansfield, Arnold had the following children:

and with Peggy Shippen, he raised a family active in British military service:

On the battlefield at Saratoga, now preserved in Saratoga National Historical Park, stands a monument in memorial to Arnold, but there is no mention of his name on the engraving. Donated by Civil War General John Watts DePeyster, the inscription on the Boot Monument reads: "In memory of the most brilliant soldier of the Continental army, who was desperately wounded on this spot, winning for his countrymen the decisive battle of the American Revolution, and for himself the rank of Major General." The victory monument at Saratoga has four niches, three of which are occupied by statues of Generals Gates, Schuyler, and Morgan. The fourth niche is empty.

On the grounds of the United States Military Academy at West Point there are plaques commemorating all of the generals that served in the Revolution. One plaque bears only a rank, "major general" and a date, "born 1740", and no name.

The house at 62 Gloucester Place where Arnold lived in central London still stands, bearing a plaque that describes Arnold as an "American Patriot". The church where Arnold was buried, St. Mary's Church, Battersea, England, has a commemorative stained-glass window which was added between 1976 and 1982. The faculty club at the University of New Brunswick, Fredericton, has a Benedict Arnold Room, in which framed original letters written by Arnold hang on the walls.




Goblin

A goblin is a legendary evil or mischievous creature, described as a grotesquely evil. They are attributed with various abilities, temperaments and appearances depending on the story and country of origin.

It also is a creature famous for its ugly appearance. file:///var/mobile/Library/SMS/Attachments/cb/11/6686544F-EEAB-4963-B94D-5498588FBF21/72463774986__5D4D121B-79E3-4BBE-AC90-ACBC3FF36F91.heic


Red Forest

The Red Forest (, ) is in the area around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. The forest is the trees in the 10 km² around the damaged nuclear reactor. The name "Red Forest" comes from color of the pine trees that died after taking in high levels of radiation from the Chernobyl accident on April 26, 1986. The trees became reddish-brown. People took down the trees and buried them in 'waste graveyards' while cleaning up after the disaster. The Red Forest is one of the areas in the world today with the most radioactivity.


Fasciola hepatica

Fasciola hepatica (also known as the common liver fluke) is a parasitic trematode (fluke or flatworm) in the phylum Platyhelminthes.

It infects the livers of various mammals, including humans. The disease caused by the fluke is called "fascioliasis". It has been classified as a neglected tropical disease. 

"F. hepatica" is worldwide. It has been known as an important parasite of sheep and cattle for hundreds of years. It causes great economic losses in sheep and cattle. Because of its size and economic importance, it has been the subject of many scientific investigations and may be the best-known of any trematode species.

Valentine's Day (2010 movie)

Valentine's Day is a 2010 American romantic comedy movie. It is set in Los Angeles. It stars Jessica Alba, Julia Roberts, and Jessica Biel.

The film made $52.4 million its opening weekend.

Many people think the movie is very much like the British movie "Love Actually".


The Killer Inside Me (2010 movie)

The Killer Inside Me is a 2010 American crime drama thriller movie based on the 1952 novel of the same name. It is set in Texas in 1952. It stars Jessica Alba and Casey Affleck.


Machete (movie)

Machete is a 2010 American action movie. It stars Danny Trejo, Robert De Niro, Jessica Alba, Don Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Steven Seagal and Lindsay Lohan.

An Invisible Sign

An Invisible Sign is a drama movie starring Jessica Alba, J. K. Simmons, Chris Messina, Sophie Nyweide and Bailee Madison. Filming began in New York. "An Invisible Sign" is based on the book by Aimee Bender.

Framlingham Branch

The Framlingham Branch was a British rail line. It was six miles long on a single track. It went from Wickham Market railway station on the East Suffolk Line to . There were three stations in between, , , and .

Work was allowed to start on the railway in 1854, along with a line from to , the line opened on 1 June 1859. The branch became part of the London & North Eastern Railway in 1923 and British Railways from 1948. Well used until the 1930s when passenger numbers fell due to the popularity of road transport the line closed to passenger services on 1 November 1952, and to freight on 19 April 1963.

Little Fockers

Little Fockers is a 2010 American comedy movie set in Chicago. It is the sequel to "Meet the Parents" and "Meet the Fockers". It stars Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Jessica Alba, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand.

Spy Kids 4: All the Time in the World

Spy Kids 4: All the Time in the World is a 2011 movie. It stars Jessica Alba and Joel McHale. It is the sequel to . In 2018, a tv show based on the Spy Kids series was made by Netflix and it was called . A reboot of the first film of the Spy Kids film series is also in development.

Trippin'

Trippin' is a 2005 television series about ecology. It was made by MTV. It featured famous people like Drew Barrymore and Jessica Alba. It was hosted by Cameron Diaz.

John Oxley

John Joseph William Molesworth Oxley (1784—1828) was a Royal Navy officer who became Surveyor-General of Australia, and an important early explorer. He first arrived in Sydney in 1802. He is famous for his exploration of the Lachlan River. His findings helped the later explorations of Captain Charles Sturt and Major Thomas Mitchell. He died in Sydney in 1828.

In 1901 an Australian electoral division was named Oxley after him.

List of bus routes in London

This page is a list of Transport for London (TfL) contracted London Bus routes in London, as well as private services that enter the Greater London area (except coaches).

"*Except 603 and 607, which are normal day time routes"

Historically, bus routes run by London Transport were grouped by the type of service that they provided.

The 1924 London Traffic Act imposed a numbering scheme known as the Bassom Scheme, named after Chief Constable A.E. Bassom of the Metropolitan Police who made it. Changing and short lines used letter suffixes. The numbers were grouped also by the company that operated the route.

The numbering was revised in 1934 after London Transport was formed:

All routes operate in both directions unless detailed.

The majority of buses numbered between 600 and 699 are school services, running once on each weekday peak period during school term time. The exception to this is route 607, a limited stop express route.

Route numbers from 900 to 999 represent Mobility Buses; these provide a once-a-week return journey to a local shopping centre from relatively low-density neighbourhoods where there is no alternative route in the main bus network. The number of Mobility Buses routes has declined because low-floor and wheelchair-accessible buses run on all London Buses routes.

Night bus routes are often related to the day numerical equivalent, normally running the same route but with an extension at either end of the service. This is normally to provide a night service to destinations served by tube or train during the day.

However, there are a few N-prefixed route numbers that have no relation to their daytime equivalents: the N5, N20, and N97 all operate in a different part of London to their respective day routes, and the N550 and N551 (which provide night service on parts of the DLR network) have no corresponding daytime routes.

There are also 24-hour routes, which run day and night but usually with a lower frequency during the night hours. The vast majority run the same route at all times. With the introduction of the Night Tube, some day routes have been extended to run during Friday and Saturday nights to serve the stations.

There are four special express routes that run during the Notting Hill Carnival: 2X, 36X, 205X and 436X.

This list shows some old routes that used to operate but do not exist anymore. Services withdrawn before 1994 are not listed.



First London

First London was a bus company operating services in Greater London. It was part of FirstGroup and operated buses under for Transport for London. It was formed in the late 1990s through the purchase of three London bus operators. First London's garages were sold off between December 2007 and July 2013 with the last closing in September 2013.

Le Mesge

Le Mesge is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Communes of the Somme department

This is a list of communes of the Somme department in France. There are 782 communes in the department.

Ailly-sur-Noye

Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Arquèves

Arquèves is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

In 2006, 151 people lived there.

Autheux

Autheux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Barly, Somme

Barly, Somme is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Beauquesne

Beauquesne is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Bertrancourt

Bertrancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Bourdon, Somme

Bourdon, Somme is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Brocourt

Brocourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Buire-Courcelles

Buire-Courcelles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Buverchy

Buverchy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Camps-en-Amiénois

Camps-en-Amiénois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Le Cardonnois

Le Cardonnois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Cerisy

Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

La Chavatte

La Chavatte is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Chuignolles

Chuignolles is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Coigneux

Coigneux is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Contoire

Contoire is a former commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Trois-Rivières.

Coulonvillers

Coulonvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Courtemanche

Courtemanche is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Le Crotoy

Le Crotoy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Curlu

Curlu is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.

Levenshtein distance

Levenshtein distance is a way to calculate how different two words (or longer chains of symbols, like sentences or paragraphs) are from one another.

The simple way this works is by counting how many times you need to change one word to turn it into another word.

The three atomic 'changes' considered in this measure are: inserting a single symbol (usually a character, like letter, digit etc.), deleting a single character, and replacing (substitution) a single character with another one. Moving a character to another position in the text, swapping two characters, as well as adding, deleting or replacing longer blocks of characters (like words in a sentence) are not counted as single changes in this measure.

For example, the Levenshtein distance between "kitten" and "sitting" is 3, since the following three edits change one into the other, and there is no way to do it with fewer than three edits:


This can be used by various websites when you change your password to make sure you're not using a similar password that can decrease the security of the website. The given minimum distance between two passwords is recommended to be 5, so that means that 5 changes need to take place between your old password and your new password for certain websites to accept your new password.

This can also be used to estimate if one text is a plagiarism from the other one.

Communauté de communes à l'Ouest d'Amiens

The Communauté de communes à l'Ouest d'Amiens is a "communauté de communes" in the Somme department in the Picardie region of France.

This "Communauté de communes" is made of 18 communes:



It ain't over 'til the fat lady sings

It ain't over 'til the fat lady sings is an English expression with a meaning similar to "Don't count your chickens before they hatch." It is commonly used in sports journalism, most famously by Dan Cook. This happened on April 1978 after the first game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Washington Bullets (later renamed the Washington Wizards) during the National Basketball Association playoffs. The Spurs had won the first game, but he pointed out that the series was not over yet, saying, "The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings." (The Bullets won the series, and later the NBA title).

The "fat lady" means the fat Norwegian "Brünnhilde," singing the final tragic song, wearing a Viking helmet. It can also refer to any female opera singer in general. The saying also means that "it's all over" when the fat lady sings.

Fukushima nuclear disaster

The Fukushima nuclear disaster is a series of ongoing equipment failures, reactor meltdowns, and releases of radioactive materials at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, following the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on March 11, 2011. The plant has six separate Nuclear reactors maintained by the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO). The accident is the second biggest nuclear accident after the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, but more complex as all reactors are involved.

At the time of the quake, reactor 4 had been de-fueled while 5 and 6 were in cold shutdown for planned maintenance. The remaining reactors shut down automatically after the earthquake, but the entire plant was flooded, including low-lying generators and electrical switchgear in reactor basements and external pumps for supplying cooling seawater. The connection to the electrical grid was broken. All power for cooling was lost and reactors started to overheat. There was a partial core meltdown in reactors 1, 2, and 3; hydrogen explosions destroyed the upper part of the buildings housing reactors 1, 3, and 4; an explosion damaged the containment inside reactor 2; fires broke out at reactor 4. Despite being initially shutdown, reactors 5 and 6 began to overheat. Spent nuclear fuel rods stored in pools in each reactor building overheated as water levels in the pools dropped.

Fears of radiation leaks led to a 20 km (12 mi) radius evacuation around the plant while workers suffered radiation exposure and were temporarily moved out at various times. Grid power was restored to parts of the plant on 20 March, but machinery for reactors 1 through 4, damaged by floods, fires and explosions, was still not working. Flooding with radioactive water through the basements of units 1–4 continues to prevent access to carry out repairs. Measurements in areas of northern Japan 30–50 km from the plant showed radioactive caesium levels high enough to cause concern. Food grown in the area was banned from sale. It was suggested that worldwide measurements of iodine-131 and caesium-137 indicate that the releases from Fukushima are of the same order of magnitude as the releases of those isotopes from the Chernobyl disaster in 1986;

Tokyo officials said that tap water should not be used to prepare food for children. Plutonium contamination has been detected in the soil at two sites in the plant. Two workers hospitalized as a precaution on 25 March had been exposed to between 2000 and 6000 mSv of radiation at their ankles when standing in water in unit 3. Radiation levels varied widely over time and location.

The nuclear emergencies at Japan's Fukushima I and other nuclear facilities raised questions about the future of nuclear power. The radioactive substance from the nuclear ingredients can cause numerous cancers to all creatures including human beings. This can especially cause deformity in pregnant women and the fetus. And the radioactive substance doesn't disappear in a few years, and it continues to wander in many creatures' bodies for centuries. Also, it is spread in the ocean through the moving of tap water, freshwater, etc. Thus, the earth is seriously damaged by it. Platts, an energy news website, said that "the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world". Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.

Japan said that they will start releasing radioactive water into the ocean starting in 2023. They said they will continue doing this in segments through the next 40 years.


Robert Cormier

Robert Edmund Cormier (January 17, 1925 – November 2, 2000) was an American author, columnist, and reporter. His literature includes negative feelings and ideas. His most popular books include "I Am the Cheese", "After the First Death", "We All Fall Down" and "The Chocolate War". All of those novels won awards. Many people tried to keep his first book, "The Chocolate War" out of libraries because they thought it was bad for children. His books often show abuse, mental illness, violence, revenge, betrayal and conspiracy. In most of his novels, the good characters fail.

Robert Cormier was born in Leominster, Massachusetts, United States, in the French-Canadian part of the town called French Hill. His parents were Geoffrey Leonard and Irma Cormier. Robert was the second of eight children. His family moved often to so they could pay their rent. However, they never left Leominster. Even when Robert was older, he stayed nearby. He owned a summer home 19 miles away from his hometown. Cormier studied at St. Cecilia's Parochial School. It was a private Catholic school. He began writing when he was in the first grade. He was praised at school for his poetry. He first decided to become a writer in 7th grade. He was encouraged by a nun to write a poem. He went Leominster High School and graduated as the president of his class. As a freshman at Fitchburg State College, he had his first short story published. A college professor, Florence Conlon, sent one of his stories to a national Catholic magazine called "The Sign". She did not ask Cormier before she sent the story to the magazine. He was paid $75. Cormier early work was writing advertisements for radio. Later, he became an award-winning journalist. Even though he became widely known, he never stopped writing for his local newspaper, the "Fitchburg Sentinel".

Cormier became a full-time writer after his first novel for teenagers, "The Chocolate War", became successful. Then he wrote other books such as "I Am the Cheese" and "After the First Death". He thought young people in modern society experienced many problems. He put his thoughts and worries into his novels. Soon he became known as a very good writer. Cormier would not change his way of thinking to please other people. He won the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the Young Adult Services Division of the American Library Association. This award is for writers who give young adults a new way to see the world understand their place in society.

ICormier used real places in some of his books. His hometown, Leominster, became the town of Monument in the story. The real place French Hill became Frenchtown.

People have tried to ban "The Chocolate War" and keep it out of schools and libraries. They did not want children to read the book because it described sexual activity and used adult language. The book also described secret societies and students breaking rules. The book was challenged many times between 1990 and 2000. According to the American Library Association only three other books were challenged more often during that time.

"Listed by publication date"

Novels

"Collections

Nonfiction


Ralph Darling

General Sir Ralph Darling (1772—1858) was an officer in the British Army and the Governor of New South Wales from 1825—1831. Darling was the first governor to work with an Executive Council, made up of the lieutenant-governor, chief justice, colonial secretary and the archdeacon. These four people and another three people that Darling could select would make up the Legislative Council. Darling was expected to follow their advice in governing New South Wales.

Chicago Blues Festival

The Chicago Blues Festival is a blues festival in Chicago held every year in June since 1984. The festival is hosted by the City of Chicago Mayor's Office of Special Events. It is held at Petrillo Music Shell and four other stages in Grant Park at the waterfront of Lake Michigan. The festival is free and it is the largest free blues festival in the world. Most of the musicians come from Chicago.

Chicago was very important for the development of Blues. Many people from the south went to Chicago to find a better life and the brought their musical tradition with them. In the clubs of the South Side a new style, known as Chicago blues, developed. Many musicans made the city famous for it´s blues music scene.

This years festival will be held from June 10th-12th in the Grant Park. Artist are among others

Albert King, B. B. King, Bill Doggett, Bo Diddley, Bobby "Blue" Bland, Bobby Rush, Buckwheat Zydeco, Buddy Guy, Calvin Jones, Carey Bell, Carl Perkins, Chicago Blues Museum All Stars, Chuck Berry, Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, Dr. John, Eddie Boyd, Eddie C. Campbell, Eddie Vinson, Eddy Clearwater, Etta James, Fenton Robinson, Fontella Bass, Hank Ballard, Henry Townsend, Homesick James, Hubert Sumlin, James Cotton, Jerry Portnoy, Jimmy Johnson, Jimmy Rogers, John Lee Hooker, Johnnie Taylor, Johnny Shines, Johnny Winter, Junior Wells, Keith Richards, Koko Taylor, Little Milton, Little Willie Littlefield, Lonnie Brooks, Lowell Fulson, Louisiana Red, Luther Allison, Magic Slim, Matt Murphy, Memphis Slim, Mick Taylor, The Neville Brothers, Otis Rush, Pee Wee Crayton, Pinetop Perkins, Ray Charles, Robert Cray Band, Robert Lockwood, Jr., Snooky Pryor, Son Seals, Staple Singers, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Sugar Blue, Sunnyland Slim, Taj Mahal, Willie Dixon, Lil' Ed Williams and the Blues Imperials, and Johnny B. Moore

Milton Keynes Central railway station

Milton Keynes Central is a railway station in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It is on the West Coast Main Line between Euston station in London and Glasgow. It is about northwest of London.

Right to petition

The right to petition is when a country allows people to gather — electronically or not — and voice an opinion or problem they think should be corrected without arrest or punishment by the government.


Albanian

Albanian may mean:


Ishinomaki Line

The is a railroad line in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. It is part of the JR East system. The line runs from Kogota Station in Misato to Onagawa Station in Onagawa. It connects the Tōhoku Main Line to the central coast of Miyagi Prefecture. It connects with the Rikuu East Line and Tōhoku Main Line at Kogota Station, the Kesennuma Line at Maeyachi Station and the Senseki Line at Ishinomaki Station, both in Ishinomaki, Miyagi.

The line color is pink. 

The line is outside the area where Suica cards can be used. Riders should only use Suica between Kogata and Ishinomaki stations. Past those stations, there may be a special way to pay the fare using Suica.

The line was damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.


Onagawa, Miyagi

The tsunami reached a maximum of 15 metres in height and went as much as one kilometer in from the coast. According to some accounts the wave was even higher in places. It destroyed the town center. At least 1,300 people died.



There are three nuclear reactors in Onagawa. They can produce up to 2,174 megawatts of electricity. The plants automatically shut down after the March 11 earthquake without any accidents. There is no plan to start the plants again during 2011.





Ishinomaki

Ishinomaki was one the cities most seriously affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Between 1 March and 31 August 2011, many people left Ishinomaki. 6,500 fewer people, or 4%, lived there.

Ibrahim Sekagya

Ibrahim Sekagya (born 19 December 1980 in Kampala) is a Ugandan football player. He plays plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He is a defender.
He started playing football with Kampala City Council in 1998. He went to Argentina, where he played for Atletico Rafaela (2nd division) and for Ferro Carril Oeste (3rd division). His last club in Argentina was Arsenal de Sarandí(Primera División) where he played two seasons. 2007 he was transferred to Europe for 1 million €, what made him the most expensive player from Uganda. He signed for three years and soon became a regular player for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Sekagya also plays for the Ugandan national football team and is the team's captain.


Oakwood tube station

Oakwood is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line. It is the second most northerly station on the line, between Southgate and Cockfosters stations, and is in Travelcard Zone 5. The station is on the edge of the Oakwood area of Enfield (N14) and is at the junction of Bramley Road (A110) and Chase Road (the other end of Chase Road is close to Southgate tube station).



Liberty Mutual

Liberty Mutual Group, normally known as Liberty Mutual, is a worldwide insurance company. It was started in 1912. The head office is based in Boston, Massachusetts. It employs over 45,000 people in over 900 offices around the world.
They are the third largest property and casualty insurer in the United States based on 2010 written premium. Liberty Mutual rank 77th on the Fortune 100 list of largest corporations in the U.S. based on 2019 revenue. As of December 31, 2019, they had $43.2 billion in annual consolidated revenue.

The company sells a lot of different insurance products, like car insurance, home insurance and business insurance. It also owns other insurance companies (completely or partly) in countries like Argentina, Brazil, Chile, China (including Hong Kong), Colombia, India, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Thailand, Turkey, Venezuela, and Vietnam.

The current head of the business (CEO) is Edmund (Ted) F. Kelly. He was appointed CEO in 1998.

Liberty Mutual started in 1912 under the name "Massachusetts Employees’ Insurance Association" (MEIA). The name was changed in 1917 to the Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, and through partnerships with other companies, they started to sell full cover car policies.

In 1964 Liberty Mutual began offering life insurance through its Liberty Life Assurance part of the business.

Over the years, Liberty Mutual has bought a number of other large companies. As an example, in 2008 they bought the Safeco Corporation. Liberty Mutual agreed to buy all outstanding shares of Safeco for $68.25 per share, for a total price of approximately $6.2 billion.

In 1954, the Liberty Mutual Research Institute for Safety was started. It studies safety and health of people at work. Its work has helped to specify machine safeguarding guidelines (how to work safely with machines), the Cornell-Liberty Survival Car, and ergonomic guidelines. They helped to form the basis for national and international safety standards.

The Institute's scientists do field and laboratory experiments on the main causes of work-related injury and disability. They publish their findings in scientific literature. The findings are the basis for safety programs, advice and software. They are used by Liberty Mutual loss control consultants to help policyholders improve worker safety. The Institute’s work is available to the public.


Southgate tube station

Southgate is a London Underground Piccadilly Line station. It is in Southgate, between Arnos Grove and Oakwood stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 4.


Bounds Green tube station

Bounds Green tube station is a London Underground station. It is at the junction of Bounds Green Road and Brownlow Road, in North London.

The station is on the Piccadilly Line, between Wood Green and Arnos Grove stations. It is on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 3 and Zone 4.


Wood Green tube station

Wood Green is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line. The station is between Turnpike Lane and Bounds Green stations and is in Travelcard Zone 3. It is located at junction of Wood Green High Road and Lordship Lane. It serves Wood Green Shopping City and the nearby Haringey Council administrative complex as well as a densely populated residential area.



Macquarie River

The Macquarie River is one of the main inland rivers in New South Wales. It begins in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon. The river flows northwest past the towns of Bathurst, Wellington, Dubbo, Narromine, and Warren to the Macquarie Marshes. The Macquarie Marshes then drain into the lower Barwon River and then into the Darling River

Burrendong Dam is a large dam (capacity 1,190,000 Megalitres) near Wellington which holds the waters of the Macquarie River and its tributaries the Cudgegong River and the Turon River to stop floods and provide water for irrigation. The dam made Lake Burrendong.

The Macquarie River flows for 626 kilometres and drops around 517 metres over its length. Lake Burrendong (346m) is the only dam on the river.

The Macquarie River starts at White Rock, near Oberon at an elevation of 671m.

Six rivers flow into the Macquarie River:

There are 19 creeks that flow into the Macquarie River:



The Macquarie system covers an area of more than 74,000 square kilometres. Over 72% of land is flat, and 17% is hilly. The rest is steep to mountainous, reaching 900 metres.
The east boundary is formed by the Great Dividing Range, from near Oberon in the south to Coolah in the north. A mountain ridge goes north-west from the Great Dividing Range for about 400 kilometres, then the boundary turns north.

From Bathurst, near the start of the river it passes the following geographic areas:

Rainfall varies across the area drained by the Macquarie River. The mountain the peaks and tablelands receive higher rainfall due to the shadowing effects of the surrounding ranges. The Great Dividing Range area receives between 750 to 900 mm annual median rainfall. This is falls evenly throughout the year. Gaps in the Dividing Range allows moist easterly air to pass inland, annual median rainfall of 750 mm or more is experienced further westward. Further north-west it is drier, in the Castelreagh and middle portions of the Macquarie valleys the annual median rainfall is 300 to 400 mm.

Rainfall can vary dramatically over several years. Records show that rainfall can be 200% or less than 50% of the average annual figure. Evaporation varies from less than 1000 mm south-east of Bathurst up to more than 2000 mm at Bourke.

The Wiradjuri people are the original people to live in the Macquarie River area. The Wiradjuri called the river "Wambool". The famous Wiradjuri warrior Windradyne came from the upper Macquarie River region. He was killed in a tribal battle alongside the river in 1829.

Near Carinda between the Macquarie River and Marra Creek, the oldest evidence of bread making in the world (about 30,000 years old) was found at an ancient lake known as Cuddie Springs.

The upper parts of the Macquarie River were first seen by Europeans in 1813. The river was named for the Governor of New South Wales, Lachlan Macquarie. In 1813 surveyor George Evans wrote in his journal:

"Tuesday, 30th November 1813." I have at length reached the Ridge I so much wished to do after walking about 2 Miles, where I had a prospect to the North for a great distance; A Mist arises from a part I suppose to be a River or a large Lagoon about 20 Miles Off;

"Thursday, 9th December 1813." I have called the Main Stream "Macquarie River".

In 1817-18 John Oxley followed the Lachlan and Macquarie Rivers. In 1828 Charles Sturt proved that Macquarie River ended in marshes. He later explored the Darling River

The Macquarie River area is a regulated Water Management Area and includes private irrigation as well as several public irrigation schemes

The Macquarie River has a history of flooding. After major floods water can flow past the Macquarie Marshes and into the Barwon-Darling river system upstream of Brewarrina.

Recreational activities are popular along the length of the river particularly in the communities it passes by.



Turnpike Lane tube station

Turnpike Lane tube station is a station at Turnpike Lane on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground, between Manor House and Wood Green stations, and in Travelcard Zone 3.


Manor House tube station

Manor House tube station is a station on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground, on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3. It straddles the border between the London Boroughs of Hackney and Haringey, the postal address and three of the entrances being in the former, and one entrance in the latter.

Janemba

Janemba is the penultimate villain in the Dragon Ball Z movies, before Hirudegarn. He appears in the twelfth movie of the series.

Janemba starts out as a very large but incredibly round blob.
When Goku hurts Janemba greatly he reverts to a smaller, thinner, yet far more powerful form, Super Janemba. He has purple armor and red skin with a tail.

Janemba was originally an ogre for King Yemma, working at a machine that could bring back the dead. When the machine malfunctioned, the Ogre turned into Janemba. Meanwhile, the malfunctioning brought all the dead villains back to life on Earth, under Frieza's command. Hercule goes to deal with the zombies, while Goku and Pikkon go to deal with Janemba, who has trapped King Yemma inside his palace. Janemba, Goku, and Pikkon begin their fight in the Underworld. Goku is able to deal with Janemba after some battling, and the monster reverts into Super Janemba. Super Janemba's immense power level allows him to easily deal with Super Saiyan 3 Goku, Pikkon, and Vegeta, who had been given his body temporarily to help fight Janemba. Eventually, Goku and Vegeta fuse, but something goes wrong, and they become a very fat and weak fusion named Veku. King Kai blames the messed up fusion on Vegeta, because he did not stretch his index finger out. Veku propels himself away from Super Janemba for the next 30 minutes by farting. In those 30 minutes, Goten and Trunks fight a revived Hitler. They begin easily dealing with him and the Nazis, eventually beating him as Super Gotenks with a Super Kamikaze Ghost Attack. Just after, Hercule is doing a good job fending off the zombies, while Frieza taunts Gohan and Videl. He orders his men to attack the couple, but Gohan easily gets through them, and destroys Frieza with a Ki Blast and a punch to the gut at the same time. This makes all the remaining zombies retreat. Back in the Underworld, Goku and Vegeta unfuse, and try fusing again. This time, it is successful, and Super Gogeta was born. Super Gogeta made quick work of Super Janemba, and ultimately destroyed him.

Janemba made no other appearances after death.

Original- Janemba starts out as a large, yellow blob-like monster, and is also very fat.

Super Janemba- Super Janemba is far smaller and thinner than his original form. He is now red, with a purple chestplate, a purple hat like object on his head, and more. He has yellow eyes.

Lightning Shower Rain- An attack that fires a short-ranged beam of energy. Used in the anime and can be used in Dragon Ball:

Raging Blast 2.
Super Explosive Cannon- An attack in which Super Janemba fires a powerful beam from his mouth. Is used on Pikkon in the anime in a combo, and can be used in Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2.

Instant Transmission- Super Janemba can also use Instant Transmission. Used in the anime and can be used on Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2.

Dimension Portal: Super Janemba can also create Dimension Portals, which allow him to move from place to place, as shown in the anime and Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2.

Dimension Sword Slice: Super Janemba slices his target repeatedly with his Dimension Sword, before teleporting in front of him/her and firing a Super Explosive Cannon.

Molecule Split: Super Janemba can split his molecules, making him seem to teleport. Janemba's dash in Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2.

Mini-forms: Janemba can create mini-versions of himself to attack.

Janemba makes his only appearance in Dragon Ball Z movie 12, 

Janemba cannot speak. In his original form, all he can say is his name, but as Super Janemba, all he makes are grunts and groans, similar to Kid Buu.

Patpong

Patpong is an entertainment district and a red light district in Bangkok, Thailand. A busy night market aimed at tourists is also located in Patpong. 


Fairuz Fauzy

Mohamed Fairuz Fauzy (born October 24, 1982 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a race car driver.

Fauzy started competing in karting in 1994. In 1999, he moved to British Formula Ford. He moved to British Formula Renault in 2000, and to British Formula Three in 2002.

He moved to the GP2 Series for 2005 and 2006. He did not score any point in GP2. Fauzy raced in the A1 Grand Prix series for Team Malaysia. He then raced in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series in 2007.

Fauzy returned to GP2 in 2008, driving for the Super Nova team in the GP2 Asia Series. In 2009, he raced in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series for Mofaz Racing. He finish in second place in the championship standings.

Fauzy was one of Spyker F1's test and reserve drivers for , He was announced as the third driver for Lotus for the 2010 season.

Fauzy drove in the first free practice sessions at the Malaysian Grand Prix, the British Grand Prix, the German Grand Prix and the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. 

At the end of the 2010 season, Fauzy left Lotus Racing. He joined Renault as a test driver for the 2011 season.

Fauzy returned to full-time racing in 2011. He has re-signed for Super Nova Racing to drive in the 2011 GP2 Series season and 2011 GP2 Asia Series season.

 Team standings

 Season in progress

 Season in progress


Gas chromatography

Gas chromatography is a type of chromatography. The sample that is going to be tested is first turned into a gas, and then carried through a column by a nonreactive 'carrier' gas such as helium or other inert gas such as nitrogen. As the sample is carried through the column it is separated into its individual components. To achieve this the column is housed inside an oven, where the temperature is controlled to allow the individual components to exit the column at different times.

In selecting a carrier gas it is important to select a gas that will not react with the components of the sample. The carrier gas should also be able to withstand high temperatures due to the oven. The flow rate of the carrier gas is important in that if it is too high there is not enough time for the sample to interact with the column and no separation will be seen, if it is too slow the experiment may take a very long time.

The main type of columns used in gas chromatography is a capillary column. Packed columns are created of fused silica or stainless steel. To increase separation of a gas sample columns must be created of a large length and are coiled to fit inside of the oven. Capillary columns are separated into two categories; wall coated open tubular and support coated open tubular. WCOT are capillary tubes with a thin layer of stationary phase, and in SCOT, the tube is lined with a thin film of support material. As the sample moves through the column the individual parts of the sample become contained with the material inside of the column and are then released. This action allows for a sample to become separated.

It is important that the oven is capable of maintaining a constant temperature. Since movement of the sample through the column relies on the boiling point of the sample being analyzed, the oven should be set to a temperature that is slightly higher than its boiling point. For samples with a large boiling range, a temperature program can be used, in which the column temperature is raised. By using a high temperature, the sample moves through the column faster, while at lower temperatures the sample moves slower, but better resolution is achieved.

Many types of detectors are used in gas chromatographic separations, with the most common are flame ionization, thermal conductivity, and mass spectrometry detectors. In a flame ionization detectors, the separated sample from the column is directed into a flame. By creating a voltage near the burner tip and the detector, the ions that are produced from the flame travel towards the detector. Flame detectors are not capable of detecting HO, CO, SO, and CO. 

With a thermal conductivity detector, the sample from the column is passed into an area that is electrically heated. The thermal conductivity of the column is reduced when the sample passes over by. When this occurs the detector heats up and measures the change in resistance. The thermal conductivity detector is capable of detecting all types of compounds.

A mass spectrometer measures the mass to charge ratio of fragmented ions of a sample. The output of a column can be feed directly into the ionization chamber of the mass spectrometer. A mass spectrometry detector is capable of being able to obtain information from incompletely separated components. Two types of mass spectrometer detectors used are quadrupole and time of flight mass analyzers. In a quadrupole detector, a voltage is produced which makes ions of a specific mass to travel to the detector. In a time of flight mass analyzer, the speed of an ion is measured allowing the mass to charge ratio to be known.

Gas chromatography is regularly used to describe what is inside a complex sample. The information obtained from gas chromatography is placed into a graph of detector response versus the time the sample leaves the column. If the separate parts of a complex sample come out at different times far apart from one another it is possible to determine what came out of the column.

If a sample is compared to a standard calibration it is possible to know how much of a separated part of the sample makes up the sample. This is useful in monitoring quality of a product such as medicine, beverage, or perfume.

Validity

Validity is an idea that is used in everyday language and in logic. In ordinary language it means correct or in the right form.

An argument is valid if it seems appropriate, well-grounded and can be defended. A contract is valid if it is enforceable in law. In other words, it applies legally to a particular situation. A bank-note is valid if it can be exchanged and used for purchase, and a passport is valid if it lets the holder come in and go out of a country. A will is valid if correctly made, and certified by an appropriate court. In all these cases, valid refers to the soundness in some situation. Logical uses of this idea are similar, but phrased much more exactly.

It is nothing to do with ordinary ideas of truth. Truth points outwards to the world. Validity, on the other hand, points inwards to the syllogism.

The conclusion of a valid argument is a logical consequence of its premises. An example of a valid argument is given by the following well-known syllogism:


And it is not true that Socrates was green.


The problem with the argument is that it is not "sound". In order for a deductive argument to be sound, the deduction must be valid and all the premises true. 

King Duncan

King Duncan was the King of Scotland in William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. He was seen as a nice king. He was friends with Macbeth. He was murdered by Macbeth so that Macbeth can become king.

Tom Prichard

Thomas Prichard (born August 8, 1959 in Pasadena, Texas) is an American professional wrestler who once worked for WWE. He is probably best known for his tag teams: The Heavenly Bodies and The Bodydonnas (under the name Zip). He was managed by Jim Cornette and Sunny. His brother is Bruce Prichard, better known as Brother Love.

He was fired by WWE in 2012.

Dirac equation

The Dirac equation is an equation from quantum mechanics. Paul Dirac formulated the equation in 1928. The equation describes the behaviour of fermions (e.g. electrons and quarks), and takes special relativity into account. The equation showed the existence of antimatter. 

Bloody Sunday (1920)

There are quite a lot of events known as Bloody Sunday.

Bloody Sunday

Bloody Sunday can refer to several events:


Derrick Green

Derrick Leon Green (born January 20, 1971) is an American singer. He is the lead singer for the Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura. Allmusic said about him: "There was a time when the idea of Sepultura recording without Max Cavalera seemed unthinkable. But the incendiary Green turned out to be a fine replacement."

Khattak Dance

Khattak ( , ) is a swift martial sword-dance performed by professional dancers of tribes of Pashtuns in Pakistan and some eastern parts of Afghanistan. It It was performed by warriors before going to wars as a war-preparation exercise and is known to be the only dance with swordplay. 

Acetone

Acetone, or propanone, is an organic compound with the chemical formula (CH3)2CO. This clear, mobile, easy-to-burn liquid is the simplest example of the ketones. Acetone can be mixed with water. It is an important solvent, often to clean things in the laboratory. Common uses of acetone in the home are as the active ingredient in nail polish remover and as paint thinner. It is a common building block in organic chemistry.

Srbosjek

The knife gained notoriety because it was believed to be used by the Croatian Ustashas during World War II for the killing of Serbs, Romas and Jews in the tens of concentration camps across the Nazi-puppet Independent State of Croatia, most notably the Jasenovac concentration camp.

It is said that in the Jasenovac concentration camp competitions in speedy slaughter were organized by the Ustashas. The winner of one such competition, Petar Brzica slit the throats of 1,300 (or 1360 ) prisoners. However, since recently it is regarded as something that was made up by the Yugoslav communists as there doesn't seem to be any solid evidence of it. It is also mentioned that even if it were true, the number is greatly exaggerated as one would have to kill non stop for 10 hours one person every 45 seconds.

The knife gained notoriety in the former Yugoslavian countries because it was used by the Croatian Ustashas during World War II for the killing of prisoners in the concentration camps of the Nazi-puppet Independent State of Croatia, most notably the Jasenovac concentration camp. 

It is said that in the Jasenovac concentration camp competitions in speedy slaughter were organized by the Ustashas. The winner of one such competition, Petar Brzica slit the throats of 1,300 (or 1360 ) prisoners.

The upper part of the knife was made of leather, as a sort of a glove, designed to be worn with the thumb going through the hole, so that only the blade protruded from the hand. It was a curved, 12 cm long knife with the edge on its concave side. The knife was fastened to a bowed oval copper plate, while the plate was fastened to a thick leather bangle. The knife was fixed on the glove plate in order to prevent injuries and to prevent taking care of a separate knife in order to improve the work speed.

Such a type of wheat sheaf knife was manufactured prior to and during World War II by German factory Gebrüder Gräfrath from Solingen under the trademark "Gräwiso". 
Gebrüder Gräfrath was taken over in 1961 by Hubertus Solingen.




Binghamton, New York

Binghamton is a city in the U.S. state of New York. It is near Pennsylvania, and sits along the Susquehanna River. In 2020, 47,969 people lived in the city, while 247,138 people lived in the metropolitan area. In the past, Binghamton was known for making cigars, shoes, and computers. IBM started in the Binghamton area. The area is home to Binghamton University.

In 2009, a man shot 13 people and himself dead. 

Binghamton is home to the Binghamton Senators hockey team and the Binghamton Mets baseball team.

Classification of Indian cities

The Status of Indian cities has two Government of India ranking systems used to pay workers more in some cities. There are two allowances; Compensatory City Allowance (CCA) to pay more because it is more expensive to buy things in cities. CCA is divided into categories "A-1", "A", "B-1" and "B-2". House Rent Allowance (HRA) is the second additional payment. It is divided into categories "A-1", "A", "B-1", "B-2" and "C". This plan was first based on the recommendations of the Fifth Pay Commission of India (1997). City statuses were later changed based on the results of the 2001 Census of India.

The following list classifies several Indian cities based on their CCA and HRA statuses. 

Markus Schopp

Markus Schopp (born 22 February 1974 in Graz, Austria) is a retired Austrian football midfielder. Now he is assistance coach of the Austrian U21 team and analyst for the pay TV group SKY.
He started his career in the youth teams of ESK and SK Sturm Graz. His professional career started with SK Sturm Graz. He played till 1996 for this team and won the Austrian Cup in 1996. He went on to Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga where he played till 1998. In his second season for HSV he played not regularly so he went back to Sturm Graz. There he reached the Austrian championship two times and played three seasons in the UEFA Champions League. 

After the international games he went to Brescia Calcio in Italys Seria A. After the relegation of Brescia to Seria B he came back to Austria. There he played for Red Bull Salzburg. The last years he was on loan to Red Bull New York. He retired from football in December 2007 due to chronic back problems. 
He made his first match for Austria in an August 1995 European Championship qualifying match against Latvia. He was also in the team for the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France He played 56 matches and shot 6 goals. His last match was an October 2005 World Cup qualifying match against Northern Ireland.

!Total||56||6

Fufu

Fufu (pounded yam or cassava) is a food dish which first came from West Africa, but is enjoyed by many people across the world. Its taste somewhat resembles that of mashed potatoes with butter. It is common in Sierra Leone, Guinea, Liberia, Cote D'Ivoire, Burkina Faso, Benin, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, the Republic of Congo, Angola, and Gabon. 

The main ingredient for fufu is boiled cassava, plantains, and yams. In Ghana, Ivory Coast and Liberia, they separately mix and mash equal portions of boiled cassava with green plantain or cocoyam. Its thickness is then adjusted to personal preference, and it is eaten with broth-like soups. In Nigeria, fufu is made jusst from fermented cassava giving it its unique thickness compared to that found in other west African countries. It is eaten with a variety of soups with vegetables and lots of beef and fish. Other flours, such as semolina, maize flour, or mashed plantains, may take the place of cassava flour. Families in rural areas with access to farmland still maintain the original recipe of using cassava. Fufu is traditionally eaten with the fingers, and a small ball of it can be dipped into an accompanying soup or sauce.

Biological process

Biology is the science that deals with living things. In general:

Many things that appear to be one organism are in fact several living together. An example is lichen. Lichen is a symbiosis between a blue-green algae and fungi. Organisms that live together may not reproduce together, but their life processes are bound up together. They help each other to live.


Modern ideas from molecular biology, cell biology and cybernetics give us more ways of describing biological processes.

All life processes on Earth use the chemistry of carbon compounds. In particular, all life uses long-chain molecules such as proteins and nucleic acid. With water, which is essential, the long molecules are wrapped inside membranes to form cells. This is true of all known life.

Living organisms are open systems. The main idea is that the processes serve to keep them alive by homeostasis. They are always changing, but always staying within certain limits as long as they live. 

They do this by exchanging materials and information with their environment. They undergo metabolism, maintain homeostasis, possess a capacity to grow, respond to stimuli and reproduce. All of this preserves the individual and its race or species.


Cinco de Mayo

Cinco de Mayo (Spanish for "fifth of May") is a holiday celebrating Mexican heritage inkling
and pride, and is held on May 5. It is celebrated in the United States and in some parts of Mexico, mostly in the state of Puebla. Cinco de Mayo is not Mexico's Independence Day, the most important national holiday in Mexico.

In the Mexican state of Puebla, Cinco de Mayo is celebrated because the Mexican army won the Battle of Puebla from the French army on May 5, 1862. This was a surprising victory. The army was under the leadership of General Ignacio Zaragoza Seguín.

In the United States Cinco de Mayo is more important than in Mexico. It is a day to celebrate the culture and experiences of Americans of Mexican ancestry. This is in the same way as other holidays like Saint Patrick's Day, Oktoberfest, and the Chinese New Year are used to celebrate those of Irish, German, and Chinese ancestry. Cinco de Mayo is celebrated by many Americans, not only by Americans of Mexican origin. Celebrations use both traditional Mexican symbols, like the Virgen de Guadalupe, and prominent figures with Mexican roots in the United States, including César Chávez. Many people display Cinco de Mayo banners while schools organize events to educate pupils about Mexico. Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture, especially its music and regional dancing. Examples include "baile folklórico" and "mariachi" demonstrations held every year at the Plaza del Pueblo de Los Angeles, near Olvera Street. Businesses advertise Mexican products and services, especially Mexican drinks, foods, and music.

Cinco de Mayo is a regional holiday limited mostly to the state of Puebla.

Cinco de Mayo is also celebrated outside Mexico and the United States. For example, a sky-diving club near Vancouver, Canada, holds a Cinco de Mayo skydiving event. In the Cayman Islands, in the Caribbean, there is a yearly Cinco de Mayo air guitar competition. As far away as the island of Malta, in the Mediterranean Sea, revelers are encouraged to drink Mexican beer on May 5.



Holloway Road tube station

Holloway Road is a station on the London Underground. It is on the Piccadilly Line between Caledonian Road and Arsenal stations, and in Travelcard Zone 2. The station opened on 15 December 1906.


Caledonian Road tube station

Caledonian Road is a station on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground, between King's Cross St. Pancras and Holloway Road, and in Travelcard Zone 2. It was opened on 15 December 1906 by the Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway.

Mérida State Symphony Orchestra

The Mérida State Symphony Orchestra (Spanish: Orquesta Sinfónica del Estado Mérida or OSEM) is a symphony orchestra based in the Venezuelan city of Mérida. A non-profit organization, it was founded in 1991 by the Venezuelan pianist and educator José Antonio Abreu.

The orchestra was established on June 21, 1991 and evolved from the Mérida State Youth Symphony Orchestra, founded in 1978 as part of the System of Youth Orchestras of Venezuela (FESNOJIV) and led by José Antonio Abreu.

Its co-founder and first artistic director was Amílcar Rivas. Between 1994 and 1997, its Music Director was Sergio Bernal who extended the orchestra's repertoire of European and Latin American symphonic music. Between 1998 and 2001, the OSEM was led by Felipe Izcaray who initiated major programs of community outreach and education which became a fundamental part of the orchestra's activities. César Iván Lara has been the orchestra's Music Director since January 2004.

In the 2006 season, the orchestra participated in many official events of the Mérida State Government, University of the Andes, the FESNOJIV, and various municipalities, giving 39 symphony concerts and 108 teaching and chamber concerts in 21 municipalities in the State of Mérida. In 1999 the OSEM was designated a "Patrimonio Cultural del Estado Mérida" (Cultural Patrimony of the State of Mérida).

The orchestra began its 20th anniversary year on January 15, 2011 with a performance of Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 2 for the second annual Festival de Música de Mérida.



Patriot Day

Patriot Day is a day of remembrance in the United States. It happens on September 11 of each year. It remembers the 2,977 killed in the September 11, 2001 attacks. Most Americans call this day "Nine-Eleven (9/11)," "September Eleventh," or something similar.

The day was officially created on October 25, 2001. The U.S. House of Representatives Joint Resolution 71 was approved by a vote of 407–0. The Resolution asked that the President would designate September 11 of each year as "Patriot Day." President George W. Bush signed the resolution into law on December 18, 2001 (as Public Law 107-89). On September 4, 2002, President Bush proclaimed September 11, 2002 as Patriot Day. 

On this day, the American flag is to be flown at half-staff at individual American homes, at the White House, and on all U.S. government buildings, home and abroad. The President also asks Americans to observe a moment of silence beginning at 8:46 A.M. (Eastern Daylight Time). This is the time the first plane struck the North Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.


Saint Walburga

Saint Walpurga or Walburga (; c. 710 – February 25, 777 or 779), also spelled Valderburg or Guibor, was an English missionary to the Frankish Empire. She was canonized ("made a saint") on 1 May ca. 870 by Pope Adrian II. 

Walpurga's feast day is on 25 February. The day of her canonization, 1 May, was also celebrated during the high medieval period. Especially in the 11th century under Anno II, Archbishop of Cologne. Walpurgis Night is the eve of May Day, celebrated in folklore in Europe with dancing.

Together with her brothers, Saint Willibald and Saint Winibald, she travelled to Francia (now Württemberg and Franconia) to help her uncle, Saint Boniface, in evangelizing among the Germans. She was educated by the nuns of Winborne Abbey, Dorset, where she spent twenty-six years. Thanks to her rigorous training, she was later able to write St. Winibald's "biography" and an account in Latin of St. Willibald's travels in Palestine. She is often credited with being the first female author of both England and Germany. 

She became a nun and lived in the double monastery of Heidenheim am Hahnenkamm near Eichstätt, which was founded by her brother, Willibald. After his death in 751, she became . Walburga died on 25 February 777 or 779 and was buried at Heidenheim. In the 870s, her remains were brought to Eichstätt. 

At Eichstätt, her bones were placed in a rocky hole in the wall. The bones began to produce, it was said, a miraculously therapeutic oil. This made people come to her shrine.

The earliest picture of Walpurga is from the early 11th century. It comes from the Hitda Codex, which was made in Cologne. It shows her holding stylized stalks of grain. The grain can be seen as an example of where a Christian saint (Walpurga) took over from an older pagan concept, in this case of the Grain Mother. 

Walpurga is the patroness of Eichstätt, Antwerp, Oudenaarde, Veurne, Groningen, Zutphen and other towns in the Low Countries.

Senegal bushbaby

The Senegal bushbaby ("Galago senegalensis"), also known as the Senegal galago, lesser galago, or lesser bushbaby is a small, nocturnal primate which lives in trees. They prefer dry woodland regions and savannah regions. At the end of the night, group members use a special rallying call and gather to sleep in a nest made of leaves, in a group of branches, or in a hole in a tree.

They are small primates (130mm and 95-300 grams) with woolly thick fur that ranges from silvery gray to dark brown. They are good jumpers.

Bush babies have 1-2 babies per litter, with gestation period being 110—120 days.

Eichstätt

Eichstätt () is a town in the federal state of Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district of Eichstätt. It is on the Altmühl river and has a population of around 13,000. Eichstätt is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Eichstätt.

Eichstätt is on both sides of the river Altmühl in the district of Eichstätt of the Oberbayern region of Bavaria, in the heart of Altmühl Valley Nature Park.

Eichstätt is in a valley of the Franconian Jura and is famous for the quarries of Solnhofen Plattenkalk (Jurassic limestone). On the Blumenberg the Berlin specimen of Archaeopteryx was found by Jakob Niemeyer.


Lar gibbon

The lar gibbon ("Hylobates lar") is also known as the white-handed gibbon. It is a primate in the Hylobatidae or gibbon family. It is one of the better-known gibbons. It is often seen in zoos.

The fur coloring of the lar gibbon is not fixed. It can range from black and dark-brown to light brown sandy colors.
Lar gibbons are diurnal (they are active during the day). They are arboreal, living in rainforests. Family groups live in a firm territory. They protect it from other gibbons by their calls.

In the wild, lar gibbons live about 25 years.


Lion-tailed macaque

The lion-tailed macaque ("Macaca silenus") is an Old World monkey.
It lives in the Western Ghats mountains of India.
The hair of the Lion-tailed macaque is dark-brown or black.
There is a black tuft at the end of the tail, similar to a lion's tail. 
With a head-to-tail length of 45 to 60 cm and a weight of 3 to 10 kg, it is one of the smaller macaques.

It is a diurnal animal, active during the day.
It lives in the rainforest dweller.
It is a good climber and spends most of its life in the upper branches.
Unlike other macaques, it avoids humans.

The lion-tailed macaque is one of the rarest primates.
Many zoos take part in breeding programs to help this species survive. 
368 of these Macaque are reported to live in zoos.


Sadie Frost

Sadie Frost (born 19 June 1965) is an English actress. She runs fashion label Frost French.

Frost starred in a Jelly Tots advertisement at the age of 3. She won a scholarship to the Italia Conti Academy.
But after an early eating disorder, she gave up acting at 13. She attended Hampstead School.

As an actress, Frost has acted in: "Press Gang" and "Casualty". Frost and her first husband Gary Kemp starred together in the 1990s film "The Krays". Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years. They divorced on 19 August 1995.

In 2004, she wrote and presented a short lived series "What Sadie did next..." for E4. In 2005, she appeared in "Eating with...Sadie Frost" on BBC2. In March 2006, Frost flew to South Africa to part-fund an orphanage for the Homes of Hope project.

She met Jude Law when they were both working on the film "Shopping". They married on 2 September 1997 and had three children.
Frost and Law divorced on 29 October 2003.


Brian Blessed

Brian Blessed OBE (born 9 October 1936) is an English actor.

The son of William Blessed, a socialist miner, and Hilda Wall, Blessed was born at the Montague Hospital in the town of Mexborough, Yorkshire. He attended Bolton on Dearne Secondary Modern School, but after his father suffered an industrial accident, he was forced to leave school early at 14 and spent several years working at a variety of jobs, ranging from undertaker to plasterer's assistant. He completed his National Service as a parachutist in the Royal Air Force. He began his acting training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, alongside Patrick Stewart. He has written about his early life in his autobiography, "Dynamite Kid" (1992).

An early role was that of PC "Fancy" Smith in the BBC police drama "Z-Cars" from 1962 to 1965. In 1966, Blessed appeared in "Incident at Vichy" at the Phoenix Theatre in London. Blessed had small roles in such cult shows as "The Avengers" (1967, 1969) and the original "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)" (1969). He portrayed Caesar Augustus in the BBC series "I, Claudius". He portrayed Basileos in the BBC mini-series Michael J. Bird's The Aphrodite Inheritance (1979). He portrayed the father of Robin Hood, Lord Locksley, in the blockbuster "" (1991).

He has appeared in a number of Shakespearean roles on both stage and screen, including four of the five Shakespeare films directed by Kenneth Branagh: as The Duke of Exeter in "Henry V" (1989), Antonio in "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993), The Ghost of Hamlet's Father in "Hamlet" (1996), and the dual role of Duke Frederick and Duke Senior in "As You Like It" (2006). He also provided the voices of Bob in the animated series "Kika & Bob" (2008) and Grampy Rabbit in "Peppa Pig".

He also hosted the 1978 documentary on the life of Johann Sebastian Bach called "The Joy of Bach" in which he also portrayed Bach in different vignettes in this documentary.

Other roles have emphasised his comedic abilities: notably Prince Vultan in "Flash Gordon" (1980) – for which he is frequently remembered for the famous line "Gordon's alive!"; the mad, comic figure of Richard IV in the first series of "The Black Adder" (1983); and Spiro in the BBC adaptation of "My Family and Other Animals" (1987). He also played the role of General Yevlenko in the miniseries "War and Remembrance" (1988). Blessed jokes he almost starred in "Blackadder II" (1986) as Queen Elizabeth but he wasn't available at the time of filming.

He provided the vocal links on the Sony-Award-winning Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Virgin Radio and introduced adverts for Orange mobile phones. At Christmas 2006, he presented a panto "Cinderella" for Virgin Radio starring actors such as David Tennant and Thandie Newton. In November 2006, Blessed made a surprise appearance on the midday talk show "Loose Women". Also, he is featured reading the story "The White City, Part 1" which is the final piece on the album "". Blessed was also the voice of Jean Valjean in "Focus on the Family Radio Theatre's" audio dramatic adaptation of Victor Hugo's "Les Misérables". In 2014 to 2019 Brian voiced British novelist and historian G.A henty for heirloom audio productions radio adaptations of G.A henty's novels written for young boys about history and adventure.

Blessed has also starred in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Cats" as both Old Deuteronomy and Bustopher Jones during the original West End theatre production. In 2002, under the direction of Royal Shakespeare Company director Adrian Noble, Blessed originated the role of Baron Bomburst for the stage musical version of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang".

During December 2005 to January 2006, Blessed headlined the pantomime production of "Peter Pan", alongside CBBC Television presenter Kirsten O'Brien at the Regent Theatre in Ipswich. In late 2007 and early 2008, Blessed starred in the panto version of "Peter Pan" as Captain Hook at the Grove Theatre in Dunstable. He played the same role again in "Peter Pan" in late 2007, early 2008 and again at Christmas 2008 at the Fairfield Halls, Croydon.

Blessed was the narrator of the Sky1 series "Crash Test Dummies", starring Steve Marsh and Dan Wright.

Since October 2008, Blessed presents the UK showings of the Japanese gameshow "Unbeatable Banzuke" on the Challenge channel under the name "Banzuke Brian". He also guest hosted episodes of "Have I Got News for You" in May 2008 and April 2013.

In 2009, Blessed played the world's worst explorer, Sir Basil Champion – a character based upon Blessed's fictional inspiration, "The Lost World's" Professor Challenger – in the fourth story in "The Scarifyers" series, "The Curse of the Black Comet". The story was broadcast on BBC7 in 2010.

In November 2009, Blessed starred in a series of online videos on the BBC Comedy website in which he played Henry VIII. The concept of the video series is that the Tudor king is alive & well, and living in a suburban semi with his long-suffering sixth wife Catherine Parr. Henry has embraced modern technology and lives his life online – insulting the King of France on Facebook, surfing for desirable women friends, and blocking the Pope on Twitter.

In late 2009, Blessed starred as the Narrator in the In the Wings production of "Peter and the Wolf" at the New Victory Theater, New York.

After a successful campaign on social networking site Facebook, satnav manufacturer TomTom recorded Brian Blessed's voice as an option for those using its satnav devices; Blessed's voice has been available in devices since October 2010.

In September 2010, Blessed recorded the voiceover to "Sheherazade, or The Princess, the Pirate and the Baboon!", an album of children's stories set to the classical music composition "Scheherazade" by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and also featuring the voices of Rory Bremner, Jess Murphy, Sam Morris and Nigel Garton. Brian voiced the role of the Great Sultan Shahryār; the album was released as the first in a series entitled "Grandma Dingley's Ingeniously Musical Tales" in March 2011.

In 2013, Blessed starred in an advertising campaign for the New Zealand bank ASB playing a fictionalised version of himself encouraging the humble population to be proud of their achievements whether big or small.

Blessed has attempted to climb Mount Everest three times, getting to 28,200 feet in 1993 and 25,200 feet in 1996, but never reaching the summit. He has reached the summit of Aconcagua, in Argentina, and Kilimanjaro, in Tanzania. He is the oldest man to trek on foot to the magnetic North Pole, and has undertaken an expedition deep into the jungles of Venezuela.

Blessed has an honorary position as official Shoutsperson of the University of York's Douglas Adams Society, and in 2011 the University's student body voted to name a new study space as the 'Brian Blessed Centre for Quiet Study'.

In 2004, Blessed sang on "Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes", impersonating Luciano Pavarotti. He is known for his football knowledge and appeared as an expert on the British satellite station UKTV G2 during the 2006 World Cup. He also appeared on "A Question of Sport" in 2006 and again in 2011 and was a guest host of "Have I Got News for You" in May 2008, alongside guests Alan Duncan and Marcus Brigstocke (also making a surprise appearance in the Christmas special later in the year). His madcap manner quickly made the show deviate from its usual format, with Paul Merton remarking "Does anyone remember how this show used to be like?" In the same month he appeared as a guest on "The Paul O'Grady Show".

Blessed was President of the Television and Radio Industries Club (TRIC) in 2007–2008 and presented the 2008 TRIC Awards at the Grosvenor House, Park Lane. TRIC is an organisation which honours achievers in the film and radio industries. He has honorary degrees from the University of Bradford, awarded in July 2003, and Sheffield Hallam University, awarded in 2004.

He also stars in the "Living Legend" show in Jersey, Channel Islands. It features many celebrity faces, such as Roger Lloyd Pack, Samantha Janus, Kevin Whately and Tony Robinson. The story is of the history of the island.

In 2009, he featured on the song "Army of the Damned", part of the debut album "Beneath the Veiled Embrace" by UK power-metal band Pythia, reading the poem "Suicide in the Trenches" by Siegfried Sassoon. He also contributed to "The Joust" by Eden Burning in 1994.

In June 2011, a campaign by Cambridge graduates resulted in Blessed's being nominated for the post of Chancellor of the University of Cambridge.

In February 2013, a piece of DLC for the PC game "War of the Roses" will feature narration from Blessed.

Blessed lives in Windlesham, Surrey. He married actress Hildegarde Neil in 1978 and they have one daughter, Rosalind. He also has a number of dogs and is a patron of Hopefield Animal Sanctuary.



Leif Erikson Day

Leif Erikson Day is a holiday that happens on October 9. It honors Leif Ericson, the Norse explorer who brought the first Europeans known to be in North America.

"America Not Discovered by Columbus" by Rasmus B. Anderson was published in 1874. This book helped make popular the idea that Vikings were the first Europeans in the New World. In 1925, American President Calvin Coolidge recognised Leif Erikson as the Discoverer of America. This was due to research by Norwegian-American scholars such as Knut Gjerset and Ludvig Hektoen. 

In 1930, Wisconsin became the first state to officially adopt Leif Erikson Day as a state holiday. A year later, the state of Minnesota did the same. By 1956, Leif Erikson Day was an official holiday seven states (Wisconsin, Minnesota, South Dakota, Illinois, Colorado, Washington, and California) and one Canadian province (Saskatchewan). 

In 1963, the U.S. Representative from Duluth, John Blatnik, introduced a bill to observe Leif Erikson Day in the rest of the United States. In 1964, the United States Congress authorized and requested the President to create the observance through a yearly proclamation. Lyndon B. Johnson and each President since have done so. Presidents have used the proclamation to praise the spirit of discovery and the contributions of Americans of Nordic descent generally. Some states officially commemorate Leif Erikson Day, particularly in the Upper Midwest, where large numbers of people from the Nordic countries settled.

October 9th is not related with any event in Leif Erikson's life. The date was chosen because the ship "Restauration" coming from Stavanger, Norway, arrived in New York Harbor on October 9, 1825. This was the start of the first organized immigration from Norway to the United States.

Sample proclamations:


Guelders

Guelders or Gueldres (, ) is the name of a historical county. This became a duchy ("lands ruled by a duke or duchess") of the Holy Roman Empire, in the Low Countries.

The duchy was named after the town of Geldern ("Gelder") in what is now called Germany. The present province of Gelderland (English also "Guelders") in the Netherlands occupies most of the area. However, the former duchy also included parts of the present Dutch province of Limburg and the territories in the present-day German state of North Rhine-Westphalia that were acquired by Prussia in 1713. 

The duchy had four special parts, which had their own centres:
and was separated from the Lower Quarters (Gelderland):

The county was first mentioned in about 1096, when Gerard III of Wassenberg was first documented as "Count of Guelders". It was then in the territory of Lower Lorraine, in the area of Geldern and Roermond. Its main stronghold was at Montfort (built 1260). Count Gerard's son Gerard II in 1127 got the County of Zutphen in northern Hamaland by marriage. In the 12th and 13th century, Guelders became larger very quickly downstream along the sides of the Maas, Rhine, and IJssel rivers. It even claimed the lands in the Duchy of Limburg. In 1288, it lost the Battle of Worringen against Berg and Brabant.

Guelders was often at war with its neighbours. Not only with Brabant, but also with the County of Holland and the Bishopric of Utrecht. Its territory did not only grow because of its success in warfare, it also did very well in times of peace. William II, count of both Holland and Zeeland, gave Nijmegen in use to Guelders in return of a loan. However he was not able to repay the debts, so these lands became integral parts of Guelders. 

In 1339 Count Reginald II of Guelders became a duke as ordered by Holy Roman Emperor Louis IV of Wittelsbach. When Reginald died without an heir in 1371, William I of Jülich inherited Guelders. In 1423 Guelders passed to the House of Egmond. Duke Adolf was fighting with his father Arnold about the inheritance of the land. Arnold came under pressure from the Burgundian duke Charles the Bold, who put him in prison in 1471. When Arnold died in 1473, Duke Charles added Guelders to his Burgundian Netherlands.

The last independent Duke of Guelders was Adolf's son Charles of Egmond (1492-1538). He increased the size of the duchy northward, and included what is now the Province of Overijssel. He left the duchy to Duke William the Rich of Jülich-Cleves-Berg in his will. However, he was not able to hold on to it and Emperor Charles V of Habsburg soon moved in. Guelders finally lost its independence, when it was united with the Seventeen Provinces of the Habsburg Netherlands in 1543.

Charles V stood down in 1556. He decided that the territories of the Burgundian Circle should be part of the monarchy of Spain. The northern Netherlands stood up against King Philip II of Spain in the Dutch Revolt. The three northern quarters of Gelderland joined the Union of Utrecht and became part of the United Provinces when the 1581 Act of Abjuration was agreed. Only the Upper Quarter remained a part of the Spanish Netherlands. 

The Treaty of Utrecht ended the War of the Spanish Succession in 1713. The Spanish Upper Quarter was again divided between Prussian Guelders (Geldern, Viersen, Horst, Venray), the United Provinces (Venlo, Montfort, Echt), Austria (Roermond, Niederkrüchten, Weert), and the Duchy of Jülich (Erkelenz). 

In 1795 Guelders was conquered and incorporated by the French First Republic. It was divided between the départements of Roer and Meuse-Inférieure.

The coat of arms of the region changed during the ages.


Ian McDiarmid

Ian McDiarmid () is a Scottish theatre actor and director. He was born 11 August 1944. He has also made some appearances on movie and television .

Worldwide, he is most famous for his role as Darth Sidious in the Star Wars live action movie series. He was in both the original and prequel trilogies. McDiarmid has been in 47 movies since 1976.

McDiarmid was born in Carnoustie in Tayside. McDiarmid went to the University of St Andrews, to study psychology. Soon after, he decided he wanted a career in the theatre instead, and took acting training courses at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow. In 1968, McDiarmid got a gold medal for his acting work.

McDiarmid was cast by George Lucas in "" as Darth Sidious, the main villain. Sixteen years later, he came back to the role as a younger Senator and Chancellor in the "Star Wars" prequel movies. He said that it helped to be much younger than his character the first time he played the part. The prequels had him play two faces to his character: He created an pleasant and likeable character in Darth Sidious' public face as Palpatine.


Richard Briers

Richard David Briers, CBE (14 January 1934 - 17 February 2013) was an English actor whose career has contained theatre, television, film and radio. Briers was born in Raynes Park, Surrey, England.

In 1961, Briers got the lead male role in "Marriage Lines" in the 1960s. It was in the next decade when he played Tom Good in the BBC sitcom "The Good Life" that he made a household name. In the 1980s he starred in "Ever Decreasing Circles". He from 2000 to 2002 came back to the spotlight with a leading role in "Monarch of the Glen". Briers was the first narrator and voice actor for the show Enid Blyton's "Noddy".

Richard Briers was made OBE in 1989, and CBE in 2003. 

Briers was a heavy smoker until he quit in 2003. He was diagnosed with emphysema in 2008.


Simon Callow

Simon Phillip Hugh Callow CBE (born 15 June 1949) is an English actor and author.

Callow was born in Streatham, London, to Yvonne Mary Guise and Neil Francis Callow. 
He attended the London Oratory School.

Callow is one of the most prominent gay actors in Britain. 
For a while Callow lived with director Daniel Kramer.


Elgin, Moray

Elgin (; ) is a old cathedral city and Royal Burgh in Moray, Scotland.
The town was first to the south of the River Lossie on the higher ground above the flood plain.
Elgin is first documented in the Cartulary of Moray in 1190.

In August 1040, Macbeth's army beat Duncan I at Bothganowan (Pitgaveny), near Elgin.
David I made Elgin a royal burgh around 1130, after his defeat of Óengus of Moray.
During David's reign, the castle was built at the top of what is now Lady Hill.
Edward I of England travelled twice to Elgin. During his first visit in 1296 he was impressed by what he saw. 
In the 19th century the old medieval town of Elgin was swept away, and many new buildings were added to the town centre.


Paoli/Thorndale Line

The Paoli/Thorndale Line is SEPTA Regional Rail line that runs from Philadelphia to Thorndale in Chester County, Pennsylvania.

Trois-Rivières

Trois-Rivières () is a city in Quebec, Canada.
It is where the Saint-Maurice and Saint Lawrence Rivers meet. 
It was first created on July 4, 1634.
It was the second permanent settlement in New France, after Quebec City in 1608.

The city's name is French for "three rivers".
It is called because the Saint-Maurice River, which is divided by two small islands at the river 's opening, has three mouths at the Saint Lawrence River.

Trois-Rivières is twinned with:


Devin Setoguchi

Devin Setoguchi (born January 1, 1987 in Taber, Alberta) is an Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He last played for the Minnesota Wild. Setoguchi also played 4 seasons in the WHL; 3 for the Saskatoon Blades and 1 for the Prince George Cougars. Setoguchi is of Canadian-Japanese origins. He was drafted by the San Jose Sharks with the 8th overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. Setoguchi went on to play 4 seasons with the Sharks before being traded along with Charlie Coyle and a first round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft to the Minnesota Wild for Brent Burns and second round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

Nickelodeon on CBS

Nick on CBS was a Saturday morning children's programming block for CBS that began on September 16, 2000, replacing CBS Kidshow. This Saturday morning block presented programming from Nick Jr., which at a time shared common ownership with CBS under Viacom. When the block first properly aired, it was hosted by Face from Nick Jr.
On September 14, 2002, "Nick Jr. on CBS" was re-branded as Nick on CBS, and airing both Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. shows. The Nickelodeon shows were removed in 2005 in favor for a return to an exclusively-Nick Jr. block. The block's continuity was provided by segments featuring Piper O'Possum.

At the beginning of New Year's Eve 2005, Viacom split into two different companies, with CBS Corporation becoming its own standalone company and Nickelodeon going to new Viacom. "Nick Jr. on CBS" ended on September 9, 2006 and was replaced by "KOL Secret Slumber Party on CBS" on September 16, 2006, as part of a multi-year partnership between CBS and Cookie Jar Entertainment.

All programming during the block, as is standard for Saturday morning network programming, was labelled as meeting E/I requirements, as tennous as some of the claims of educational content may have been. This is part of the reason why some of Nickelodeon's most popular programs (most notably "SpongeBob SquarePants" and "The Fairly OddParents") did not appear on the block, even during the more open-formatted "Nick on CBS" era.


Jackie Cooper

Jackie Cooper (September 15, 1922 – May 3, 2011) was an American actor, television director and producer. He started working as a child actor. He died in a Beverly Hills Hospital after a sudden illness.

He was born in Los Angeles in 1922 as John Cooper, Jr. As a child, he appeared in the "Our Gang" television series as "Skippy". In 1931, at the age of nine, he was nominated for a "Best Actor" Academy Award. He became the youngest actor ever nominated for Best Actor. He was best known later in life as the Daily Planet editor Perry White in the Superman movies of the 1970s and 80s.

Black and Tans

The Black and Tans was a group of soldiers who suppressed the revolution in Ireland from 1920 to 1921. It was mainly made of British veterans from World War I. They were called the Black and Tans because of the light khaki trousers and black/dark green tunics that they wore. Its main purpose was to target the Irish Republican Army. However, it also did many attacks on the Irish civilian population.

Cape Helles

Cape Helles is a rocky area at the south-westernmost end of the Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey. It was the scene of fighting between Turkish and British troops during the Gallipoli Campaign, 1915. It is now the site a memorial for this campaign.

Katerina Kazelis

Katerina Kazelis (4 March 1977 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and Big Brother 2011 housemate of Serbian and Greek origin. Before entering the Big Brother house on February 20, 2011 she was a school teacher. Kazelis has been nominated each week except for two when she won immunity after winning a Big Brother task, however, she also survived each elimination round since week one in the house. On May 8, Kazelis was evicted from the Big Brother house.

Kazelis has become the most talked about housemate of the 2011 season of the show after several outburst and also her outspoken ways about her fellow housemates.

On June 6, Kazelis released her first music single called "Make You One Of Mine", during Nyhetsmorgon on TV4 the same day Kazelis revealed that a music video had been made and that she will release her debut music album later in 2011.


Parabola

A parabola is a type of curve. Menaechmus (380–320 BC) discovered the parabola, and Apollonius of Perga (262 BC–c190 BC) first named it.

A parabola is a conic section. If a cone is cut by a plane which is parallel to one of the surfaces of the cone, the result is a parabola.

The point where the parabola reaches its maximum or minimum is called the "vertex." At this point the curvature of the parabola is greatest. This means the curve of the parabola is the tightest. The vertical line which passes through a parabola's vertex is called the "axis of symmetry". This is because the parabola looks the same on either side of that line.

Each parabola has a focal point. Any ray that enters the parabola and is parallel to the axis of symmetry will pass through this point after being reflected by the curve. Because of this fact, parabolas are important in devices such as satellite dishes, or magnifying mirrors. Parabolas are often used to approximate curves that are more difficult to model by themselves.

Every parabola uses the equation formula_1, where formula_2, formula_3 and formula_4 are constants, and formula_2 is not equal to formula_6. 

Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation

The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (abbreviated to GHMC) is an urban planning agency that oversees Hyderabad, India. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation is also the local government for the City of Hyderabad.

Nizam of Hyderabad

Nizam was the title of the native sovereigns of Hyderabad State, India, since 1719. They belonged to the Asaf Jahi dynasty. The dynasty was founded by Mir Qamar-ud-Din Siddiqi, a viceroy of the Deccan under the Mughal emperors from 1713 to 1721. After Aurangzeb's death in 1707, the Mughal Empire fell apart and the viceroy in Hyderabad said he was independent. From 1798 Hyderabad was one of the princely states of British India, but it kept local control.

Seven Nizams ruled Kingdom of Hyderabad for two centuries until Indian independence in 1947. The Asaf Jahi rulers used money to support free Education, literature, architecture, art, culture and cuisine. The Nizams ruled the state until September 1948 after independence from the British.

The Nizams of Hyderabad were of Turkic and Hadhrami Arab Descent. They are descendants of the first Khalifa of Islam, Abu Bakr.

Nizām-ul-mulk was a title first used in Urdu around 1600. It comes from the Arabic word, nizām (), meaning "order, arrangement". The Nizam was also called Ala Hadrat, Ala Hazrat, or "Nizam Sarkar".

The first Nizam ruled in place of the Mughal emperors. After Aurangzeb died, the Mughal empire collapsed. So, the Nizams created an independent kingdom (Hyderabad). When the British got power over India, the Nizams continued to rule Kingdom of Hyderabad after coming into an understanding with the British. The Nizams had power in Kingdom of Hyderabad until 17 September 1948. Hyderabad then became part of the new Indian Union.

The Asaf Jah dynasty had only seven rulers. However, for 13 years after the rule of the first Nizam, three of his sons (Nasir Jung, Muzafar Jung and Salabath Jung) ruled. They were not officially recognized as rulers.

A legend about the first Nizam says that on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulchas (an Indian bread) by a holy man. He asked the Nizam to eat as many as he could. The Nizam ate seven kulchas and the holy man predicted that seven generations of his family would rule the state.

By tradition, no Nizam has ever left India, even if there was good a reason.

Hyderabad did not join the first war of Indian Independence of 1857 against the British. Therefore the Royal Family had the special, official status of "Faithful Ally" with Britain.

The Nizams commissioned engineering projects such as large reservoirs like Osman Sagar and Himayat Sagar. Survey work on the Nagarjuna Sagar Dam was also initiated during this time.

Other landmarks like the Asafia library, The Assembly building, the Osmania Arts College and the Osmania Medical College are some of their important buildings.

The Asaf Jahis also built many palaces.

The Nizams liked the European style of architecture and created a fusion of European traditions with Hindu and Islamic forms and images.

After the British left India in 1947, the princely state of Hyderabad did not join either of the new dominions of India or Pakistan. While the talks were going on, the Indian army entered Hyderabad State from four sides defeated Hyderabad Nizams army and the independent razakaars. The Nizam's rule ended on 17 September 1948. His soldiers surrendered to the Indian govt.

He, however, was made the 1st Governor (Rajpramukh) of post-independent Hyderabad based on the public poll.

All Nizams are buried in the royal graves at the Makkah Masjid near Charminar in Hyderabad. Only the last Nizam, Mir Osman Ali Khan is buried in a different place. His mausoleum is in the Judi Mosque facing King Kothi Palace.


"The Days of the Beloved" Harriet Ronken Lynton and Mohini Rajan, Berkeley University Press


Christian Schwegler

Christian Schwegler (born 6 June 1984 in Ettiswil) is a Swiss footballer. He plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender.

He started with FC Luzern in the Swiss Challenge League (2nd division) and went on to Arminia Bielefeld in Germany but after one half of the season he went back to Switzerland. There he played for BSC Young Boys Bern. In 2009 he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg where he played regularly as right defender. He is known for his long throw-ins (up to 35 meters).During the match versus SV Mattersburg on 27th March 2010 he shot his first goal for Salzburg. In the first half of the 2010/11 season he was injured and could not play the rest of the year.

Christian Schwegler has a younger brother who is also a professional footballer playing for Eintracht Frankfurt in the German Bundesliga.

Chien-Ming Wang

Chien-Ming Wang (born March 31, 1980) is a Taiwanese Major League Baseball player. He plays for the Cincinnati Reds. He is a pitcher. Before he played for the Nationals, Wang played for the New York Yankees. He got 19 wins in the year of 2006 and 2007 and became the first Asian to be the win champion.

However, after his injury in 2008, he started to pitch horribly as he attained an era of 9.64 along with 1 win and 6 losses in the 2009 season. He then got injured again and the New York Yankees did not renew his contract after. He became a free agent.

In 2010, the Washington Nationals signed Wang and helped him recover from his injuries. He did not attend any games in this season.

Wang pitched his first game on July 29, 2011 and ended the season with 11 starts, recorded 4–3 with a 4.04 ERA.

On March 15, 2012, Wang was once again injured. When he recovered, his starting position has been replaced by Ross Detwiler and he pitched as a relief pitcher and sometimes a starter pitcher. But he still did not do well this season.

Fiat Seicento

The Fiat Seicento is a car produced by Fiat. It replaced the Fiat Cinquecento in 1998 and like its predecessor is produced in Poland. Sales of it in the UK ran until early 2004 when it was replaced with the second-generation Panda. It was replaced by the new Fiat 500 in 2007, but production of the Seicento continues until 2010.




Shiogama

Shiogama is in the central part of Miyagi Prefecture. It is between Sendai and Matsushima. The city is surrounded by water and mountains: Matsushima Bay is on one side and Matsushima Hills on the other.

The flat areas of the city are mainly reclaimed land. About 60 percent of the urban area is on reclaimed land and 40 percent on hills. People living in the town are crowded into a narrow area. Not much land is good for stripmalls.

The Japanese language has several writing systems. One of them is kanji. Different kanji may have the same pronunciation. Some kanji are similar in form and meaning. There are two ways to write the name of the city. Both ways have the basic meaning "a pot for boiling salt". Both sound the same, but have slightly different meanings.

One way is to write 塩釜. The other way is 塩竈. The first way to write the city name is often used, such as on the post office, train station, many brand names, and on signs.

The second way comes from the history and an important landmark in the city. Shiogama shrine is at the top of a hill in the city. It is an important Shinto shrine in the Tohoku region. The city got its name from the shrine, but the shrine is written 鹽竈神社. The first character, 鹽, is an old character for salt. It has been replaced in the list of kanji for general use by a simpler character, 塩. The second character, 竈, or kamado/kama, means a large cooking area made of earth. The newer name uses 釜, which means an iron pot.







Business alliance

A business alliance is an agreement between businesses, most of the time to help lower cost and improve service for the customer. Alliances are often connected by an agreement with shared risk and opportunity for all business involved. They are usually managed by a project team. An example of this is "code sharing" in airline alliances.

There are five basic types of alliances:



Peace Sells

"Peace Sells" is a song by the American thrash metal band Megadeth. It is from the 1986 album "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?". It was written by Dave Mustaine. Along with "Wake Up Dead" from the same album, it has been a staple at Megadeth concerts. Lyrically, it deals with negative stereotypes about "metalheads", all of which Mustaine claims are untrue. VH1 has ranked "Peace Sells" at #11 on their list of the 40 greatest metal songs of all time.

A music video was produced for the song, which features a teenage boy, wearing a Slayer t-shirt, watching a montage of a live Megadeth performance and war footage on his living room television set. The boy's father, states "What is this garbage you're watching? I want to watch the news!," and changes the television channel to a news station using the remote control. His son, replying with "This "is" the news!," changes it back to the Megadeth performance using the TV set's channel knob. This part of the video was parodied by comedian Brian Posehn in his "Metal by Numbers" video. The beginning of the video also showed the explosion of the original low-cost skull used on the previous album Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!


A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery

A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery is an 18th-century oil painting by Joseph Wright of Derby. Its full title is A Philosopher giving that Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun. The painting shows a teacher talking about the sun and planets to his class. Wright later created his similar "An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump" (National Gallery, London) in 1768.

Wright's "The Orrery", caused a great debate, because in the past, only religious events were used to express awe. Wright used science to do so. In an age of much new technology, he treated religious events and scientific miracles. In the orrery demonstration, the shadows created by the lamp mimic the sun, and it is a part of the display of heliocentrism. He used a single candle to make his painting dramatic. In two later paintings, the lighting is normal.

One person called Wright "a very great and uncommon genius in a peculiar way". "The Orrery" was painted without payment. Wright expected that Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers, an amateur astronomer, will buy the painting, because Shirley had his own orrery, and Wright's friend Peter Perez Burdett was staying with him. Figures are considered to be portraits of Burdett and Ferrers. In the picture, Burdett is taking notes and Ferrers is seated with his son next to the orrery. Ferrers purchased the painting for £210, but the 6th Earl sold it at an auction. It is now held by Derby Museum and Art Gallery as its permanent display.

Some people say that John Whitehurst was the model for the teacher. However, other people say the figure is similar to "a painting of Isaac Newton by Godfrey Kneller".



Frankfurt Parliament

The Frankfurt Parliament (, literally "Frankfurt National Assembly") was the first freely elected parliament for all of Germany. Session was held from May 18, 1848 to May 31, 1849 in the Paulskirche, Frankfurt|Paulskirche at Frankfurt am Main. It was elected during the "March Revolution" in the states of the German Confederation.

The assembly produced the so-called Paulskirche Constitution () which proclaimed a German Empire based on the principles of parliamentary democracy. This constitution fulfilled the main demands of the liberal and nationalist movements of the Vormärz and provided a foundation of human rights. The parliament also proposed a constitutional monarchy headed by a hereditary emperor ("Kaiser"). The Prussian king Friedrich Wilhelm IV did not accept the office of emperor when it was offered to him. He argued such an offer was an offence against the rights of the princes of the individual German states. In the 20th century, however, major elements of the Frankfurt constitution became models for the Weimar Constitution of 1919 and the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany of 1949.



Frederick William IV of Prussia

King Frederick William IV of Prussia () (15 October 1795 – 2 January 1861) was the eldest son and successor of Frederick William III of Prussia. He reigned as King of Prussia from 1840 to 1861.

Frederick William was educated by private tutors. He served in the army during the War of Liberation against Napoleon I of France in 1814, but he was not interested in the army. He loved both architecture and landscape gardening and was a patron of several great German artists, such as architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel and the composer Felix Mendelssohn. He married Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria in 1823, but the couple had no children.

Frederick William was a Romanticist, and had a nostalgia for the Middle Ages, therefore he was conservative already at an early age. He was against both liberalisation and unification of Germany and preferred to allow Austria to remain the first power in the German states.

In the beginning of his reign he did not continue the reactionary policies of his father, he reduced press censorship and promised a constitution, but he did not want a popular legislative assembly, but preferred to work with the aristocracy. He was Lutheran, but he released the imprisoned Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cologne, and he decided to help the construction of Cologne Cathedral. In 1844, he attended the celebrations of the completion of the cathedral, so he was the first king of Prussia who entered a Roman Catholic building. When he finally called a national assembly in 1847, it was not a representative body, but rather a United Diet which cold speak for all the provincial estates and had the right to grant taxes and loans but no right to meet at regular intervals.

When revolution broke out in Prussia in March 1848, as part of the European Revolutions of 1848, the king initially decided to fight it with the army, but later decided to recall the troops and place himself at the head of the movement on 19 March. He committed himself to German unification, formed a liberal government, accepted a national assembly, and ordered that a Constitution of the Kingdom of Prussia should be drawn up. When his position was more secure again, however, he quickly led the army to reoccupy Berlin and dissolved the assembly in December. But he was still in favour of unification for some time. So the Frankfurt Parliament offered him the crown of Germany on 3 April 1849. He did not accept it, but he tried to establish a union of German states excluding Austria. But rather soon after gave up this plan, when Austria did not accept it.

When he had dismissed the national assembly, Frederick William decided to have a constitution with a parliament with two chambers, an aristocratic upper house and an elected lower house. The lower house was elected by all taxpayers, but in a system that was based on the amount of taxes paid so that the rich had more influence than the poor. The constitution also reserved for the king the power to appoint all ministers and reestablished the conservative district assemblies and provincial diets. And it guaranteed that the bureaucracy and the military remained firmly in the hands of the king. This was a more liberal system than had existed in Prussia before 1848, but was still a conservative system of government in which the monarch, the aristocracy, and the military kept most of the power. This constitution lasted until the end of the Prussian kingdom in 1918.

After a stroke in 1857 the king was partially paralyzed and largely mentally weak, therefore his brother William became regent from 1858 until the king's death in 1861, then he became king himself as William I.

Frederick William IV of Prussia: "Die Königin von Borneo. Ein Roman." Nicolai-Verlag, Berlin 1997, 


Honeydew (melon)

Honeydew, also known as honey melon or green melon, is a type of melon in the cultivar group muskmelon. "Cucumis melo" Inodorus group, which includes crenshaw, casaba, Persian, winter, and other mixed melons.

Angkor Wat

Angkor Wat () is a temple complex at Siem Reap, Cambodia, built for the Hindu king Suryavarman II in the early 12th century as his state temple and capital city. Before long it became a Buddhist site. It is the world's largest religious building. Angkor fell into decline after the 14th Century.


Paranthropus robustus

Paranthropus robustus was originally discovered in Southern Africa in 1938. The development of P. robustus, namely in cranial features, seemed to be aimed in the direction of a "heavy-chewing complex". Because of the definitive traits that are associated with this robust line of australopithecine, anthropologist Robert Broom erected the genus "Paranthropus" and placed this species into it.

Australopithecus garhi

Australopithecus garhi is a gracile australopithecine species discovered in Ethiopia. The remains of this hominin are believed to be a human ancestor species, and perhaps the ancestor of the human genus "Homo". The fossils were found in 1996 in the Bouri Formation. This is in the Middle Awash of Ethiopia's Afar Depression.

Some primitive shaped stone tool artifacts closely resembling Olduwan technology were discovered with the "A. garhi" fossils, dating back roughly 2.5 and 2.6 million years old. The tools are thought to be older than those found with "Homo habilis", which may be a direct ancestor of more modern hominins. 

For a long time anthropologists assumed that only members of early genus "Homo" had the ability to produce sophisticated tools. At another site in Bouri, Ethiopia, roughly 3,000 stone artifacts had been found to be about 2.5 million years old in age. "Australopithecus garhi" may have been the species responsible for making and using these earliest stone tools. 

Alexander Sulzer

Alexander Sulzer (born May 30, 1984) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). Sulzer has also played in the NHL for the Nashville Predators, Florida Panthers, Vancouver Canucks, Buffalo Sabres and the DEL for the Hamburg Freezers and DEG Metro Stars. He was traded to the Florida Panthers on February 25, 2011 for a conditional draft pick in the 2011 NHL Draft.

World Nuclear Industry Status Report

The World Nuclear Industry Status Report is a yearly report about the global challenges facing the nuclear power industry. The reports show that the share of nuclear-generated electricity in the overall global energy production has decreased in the 2000s. Nuclear power now accounts for about 13 percent of the world’s electricity generation and 5.5 percent of primary energy.

The "World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2010-2011" is authored by Mycle Schneider, Antony Froggatt, and Steve Thomas and published by the Washington-based Worldwatch Institute. The foreword is written by Amory Lovins.
According to the report, the international nuclear power industry has been unable to stop the slow decline of nuclear energy. The world’s reactor fleet is aging quickly and not enough new units are coming online. As of April 1, 2011, there were 437 nuclear reactors operating in the world, which was seven fewer than in 2002. The Olkiluoto plant has had particular problems:

The flagship EPR project at Olkiluoto in Finland, managed by the largest nuclear builder in the world, AREVA NP, has turned into a financial fiasco. The project is four years behind schedule and at least 90 percent over budget, reaching a total cost estimate of €5.7 billion ($8.3 billion) or close to €3,500 ($5,000) per kilowatt.
The report says that the Fukushima I nuclear accidents have made things more difficult for nuclear energy. There is "no obvious sign that the international nuclear industry could eventually turn empirically evident downward trend into a promising future", and the Fukushima nuclear disaster is likely to accelerate the decline. With long lead times of 10 years and more, it will be difficult to maintain, let alone increase, the number of operating nuclear power plants over the next 20 years. Moreover, says the report, it is clear that nuclear power development cannot keep up with the pace of renewable energy commercialization.


Cowboys from Hell

Cowboys from Hell is Pantera's fifth album and their first Atco Records album. It was recorded at The Dallas Sound Lab in Irving, Texas and released on July 24, 1990. This was their first commercially successful album, exposing the band's groove metal style to mainstream audiences.


Mycle Schneider

Mycle Schneider (born 1959 in Cologne) is a German energy consultant, and lead author of "The World Nuclear Industry Status Reports". In 1997 he received the Right Livelihood Award.

Mycle Schneider is a nuclear energy expert based in Paris who has been adviser to members of the European Parliament on energy issues for more than 20 years. From 1998 to 2003, Schneider advised on energy policy for the French environment minister's office and the Belgian minister for energy and sustainable development. Since 2000 he has been a consultant on nuclear issues to the German environment ministry. He has also provided energy consulting for the International Atomic Energy Agency.

Schneider is a member of the International Panel on Fissile Materials, and the nuclear non-proliferation group Independent Group of Scientific Experts (IGSE), which is based at Hamburg University. Since 2004 he has overseen the Environment and Energy Strategies lecture series for the Environmental and Energy Engineering Program at the French École des Mines in Nantes.

In 1997, along with Jinzaburo Takagi, Schneider received the Right Livelihood Award “... for serving to alert the world to the unparalleled dangers of plutonium to human life.”

Schneider writes many publications on the safety and economic trends of the nuclear industry. He is co-editor of the 2009 book "International Perspectives on Energy Policy and the Role of Nuclear Power". His World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2009 was published by the German government. Schneider and Antony Froggatt wrote the "Systems for Change" report for the Heinrich Böll Foundation in 2010. Also in 2010, Schneider wrote a chapter in the book "Nuclear Power’s Global Expansion: Weighing Its Costs and Risks". He has commented extensively on the implications of the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster.


Attempted Italian colonization of America

An attempted Italian colonization in America was done in 1608 by the Grand Duke of Tuscany, Ferdinando I. Although Italy did not exist yet, and this cannot be defined as an 'Italian' effort, it was carried out by a small state in the territory of what we now call Italy.

The Italian colonization of the Americas was limited to an aborted attempt by the Grand Duke of Tuscany to create a colony in South America in the early 1600s.

In 1608, Ferdinando the First of Tuscany organized an expedition under captain Robert Thornton, in order to explore northern Brazil and the Amazon river and prepare for the establishment of a settlement in northern coastal South America, which would serve as a base to export Brazilian wood to Renaissance Italy.

Ferdinando the First, Grand Duke of Tuscany, oversaw the only Italian attempt to create a colony in the Americas.

When Thornton returned to Tuscany a year later, he found Ferdinando I dead, and his successor Cosimo II uninterested in the establishment of a colony. Thornton was ready to sail back to the area between the rivers Orinoco and Amazon in the summer of 1609 with Italian settlers from Livorno and Lucca, but the project was scrapped.

Thornton's galleon 'Santa Lucia' returned to Italy in 1609 with plenty of information (after exploring the area between Trinidad island and the delta of the Amazon river), some indigenous natives of the Americas and a few tropical parrots.

He brought back with him to Tuscany five Arawak natives, most of whom died of smallpox. Only one lived on at the Medici court for several years, and learned to speak Italian. These natives often talked about the richness and fertility of their native land, speaking of a country rich in silver and gold. Thornton himself corroborated these reports, and asserted that the country was rich in rosewood, wild sugar canes, white pepper, balsam, cotton and many other kinds of merchandise which would form an abundant commerce for the Tuscans.

The area that Thornton considered as a possible site of an Italian colony now lies in modern French Guyana, near Cayenne, which would be colonised by France in 1630.

The Italians never created real colonies in the Americas, and only made territorial 'colonies' in other areas of the world as migrants mainly after their political unification in the 19th century.

Many Italians migrated to America to live under other flags and created diasporic settlements of migrants, sometimes called "colonies". These communities were often living in poor conditions and subject to exploitative and violent attitudes. Those settlements were made by groups of Italian emigrants who settled together in the same place and around the same time, founding a settlement that still exists today in many cases.

The first Italian settlement of this kind was made in Venezuela by Luigi Castelli, who wanted to settle, in the late 1830s, Italian migrants from Tuscany in the same area where a few years later German emigrants settled and created the "Colonia Tovar" (unluckily their ship sank in the Mediterranean).

Many of these Italian settlements were created in the second half of the 19th century, mainly in Uruguay, Argentina, Chile, Mexico and the Southern and Southeastern regions of Brazil (Sao Paulo, Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul).

In most of those settlements the Italian language (and dialects) is still spoken today: like in "Capitán Pastene" of Chile, in "Chipilo" of Mexico or in "Nova Veneza" of Santa Catarina (where it is spoken the "Talian" of Brasil).

None of these settlements are related to the 20th century colonial campaigns of the Kingdom of Italy and Fascist Italy.


Caesars Palace

Caesars Palace is a luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. Caesars Palace is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corp. Caesars is on the west side of the Strip, between the Bellagio and the Mirage.

Caesars Palace has 3,960 rooms. There are six towers in the hotel: Augustus, Centurion, Roman, Palace, Octavius and Forum. The Forum tower features guest suites with of space. It is the only venue in Las Vegas to host a World Series of Poker Circuit Event.

Caesars offers additional attractions including:



Ukrainian Americans

A Ukrainian American is a citizen of the United States with ancestors from Ukraine. There have been Ukrainian people living in North America since the early 1600s. There are about one million Ukrainian Americans and many live in the North East and the West of the United States, in states like New York, Pennsylvania, California, New Jersey, Illinois and Washington.

The number of Ukrainians in the United States is 354,832. There are 408,504 people who identify as Ukrainian. Many of them were born in the United States. Only about 20% are actual immigrants. About a third of people of Ukrainian origin speak Ukrainian. Almost 143 thousand (15%) use it in everyday life. 

States with the largest number of people using the Ukrainian language in the family (2006—2008):




Homo cepranensis

Homo cepranensis is a proposed name for a human species, known from only one skull cap discovered in 1994. The fossil was discovered by archeologist Italo Biddittu and was nicknamed "Ceprano Man" after a nearby town in the province of Frosinone, 89 kilometers Southeast of Rome, Italy.

The age of the fossil is estimated to be between 350,000 to 500,000 years old.[3] An adjacent site, Fontana Ranuccio, was dated to 487,000 +/- 6000 years and Muttoni et al. suggest that Ceprano is most likely 450,000 years old. The cranial features on the bone seem to be intermediate between those found on "Homo erectus" and those of later species such as "Homo heidelbergensis" which dominated Europe long before "Homo neanderthalensis". There is yet not enough material to make a complete analysis of the individual.

Homo antecessor

Homo antecessor is an extinct human species dating from 1.2 million to 770,000 years ago. It is is one of the earliest known human varieties in Europe. 

The best-preserved fossil is a maxilla (upper jaw bone). It belonged to a 10-year-old individual found in Atapuerca, Spain. There were numerous examples of cuts on bones. The flesh had been cut from the bones. Maybe "H. antecessor" could have been cannibals.

"H. antecessor" may have been broad-chested and rather heavy, much like Neanderthals. Its limbs were proportionally long, which is a trait more frequent in tropical populations. The kneecaps are thin and have poorly developed tendon attachments. The feet indicate "H. antecessor" walked differently from modern humans.

"H. antecessor" usually made simple pebble and flake stone tools out of quartz and chert, but they also used other materials. This industry has some similarities with the more complex Acheulean. Acheulean is found in African and later European sites. Groups may have sent hunting parties to kill deer in their savannah and mixed woodland environment. As mentioned above, many of the "H. antecessor" specimens were cannibalised, perhaps as a cultural practice. There is no evidence they were using fire, and they only lived in Iberia during warm periods, presumably retreating to the South coast otherwise.

Right Livelihood Award

The Right Livelihood Award, widely known as the Alternative Nobel Prize, is a major international award to honour those "working on practical and exemplary solutions to the most urgent challenges facing the world today". The prize was started in 1980 by Jakob von Uexkull, and is presented each year in early December. An international jury, invited by the five regular Right Livelihood Award board members, decides the awards in such fields as environmental protection, human rights, sustainable development, health, education, and peace. The prize money is shared among the winners, usually numbering four, and is EUR 200,000.

The prize has been awarded to a diverse group of people and organisations, including Mycle Schneider, Amory Lovins, Astrid Lindgren, Bianca Jagger, Memorial, Mordechai Vanunu, and Petra Kelly.

Dorothy Wise

Dorothy Wise (1914–1995) is an American professional pool player. She was born in Spokane, Washington. When she first started playing pool professionally, there were very few national tournaments for women. She won many local and state tournaments, so she called herself the world champion. The first national tournament for women happened in 1967. She won and kept winning for the next five years. She lost the title in 1972. She played in the final against 13-year-old Jean Balukas.

She became a member of the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame in 1981. She was the first woman to be made a member.

Dorothy learned to play pool from her husband, Jimmy Wise. He managed billiard parlors (where people play pool) in several cities around the western United States. He watched Dorothy win the first national championship in 1967, but died later that year.

Joe Balsis

Joe Balsis was an American professional pool player. He was born in Minnersville, Pennsylvania. He was Armed Services Champion in 1944. Between 1965 and 1975 Balsis was in the finals of the U.S. Open five times. He won in 1968 and 1974. He won the Billiard Room Proprietor's Association tournament in 1965 and the World All-Around championship in Johnston City, Illinois in 1966. He is a member of the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame.

Rudolph Wanderone

Rudolf Walter Wanderone (né Wanderon Jr.; January 19, 1913 – January 15, 1996), popularly known as Minnesota Fats or New York Fats, was an American professional pool player. He never won a world championship. 

His first nickname was "Brooklyn Fats" and then "New York Fats." Wanderone named himself "Minnesota Fats" after the character in the movie "The Hustler". Wanderone was the host of a national television show, "Celebrity Billiards," during the 1960s. He is a member of the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame.

Steve Mizerak

Steve Mizerak (October 12, 1944, in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, USA – May 29, 2006) was an American professional pool player. He was a world champion during the 1970s and early 1980s. He won the U.S. Open four times: each year from 1970 to 1973. He also won the PPPA World Open title in 1982 and 1983. In 1986, he was in the movie "The Color of Money". He is a member of the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame.

Gelug

The Gelug or Gelug-pa, is a school of Tibetan Buddhism founded by Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), a philosopher and Tibetan religious leader. The first monastery he established was at Ganden, and to this day the Ganden Tripa is the head of the school renowned as Ganden Throne Holder, though its most famous person is the Dalai Lama. There are others Gelug Masters, like Trijang Rinpoche and Ling Rinpoche.

Tsongkhapa was a big promoter of the Kadampa (Bka'-gdams-pa) teachings and the mahāyāna principle of universal compassion as the fundamental spiritual orientation. He combined this with a strong emphasis on the cultivation of in-depth insight into the doctrine of emptiness as taught by the Indian masters Nāgārjuna (2nd century) and Candrakīrti (7th century). Tsongkhapa said that these two aspects of the spiritual path, compassion and insight into wisdom, must be rooted in a big wish for liberation driven by a genuine sense of renunciation. He called these the "Three Principal Aspects of the Path", and said that it is on the basis of these three that one must embark on the profound path of vajrayāna Buddhism.

The central teachings of the Gelug School are the Stages of the Path ("lamrim"), based on the teachings of the Indian master Atiśa (c. 11th century) and the systematic cultivation of the view of emptiness. This is combined with the yogas of highest yoga tantra deities such as Guhyasamāja, Cakrasaṃvara, Yamāntaka and Kālacakra, where the key focus is the direct experience of the union of bliss and emptiness.

Audie Murphy

Audie Leon Murphy (June 20, 1925 in Kingston, Hunt County, Texas – May 28, 1971 in Brush Mountain near Roanoke, Virginia), was an American actor and soldier who fought during World War II. He was given the Medal of Honor.

Murphy was of Irish descent. His was the son of Berry Emmett Murphy and Josie Bell Killian. He grew up on farms near Farmersville and Greenville, Texas. When his father left the family, Audie stopped his studies at primary school in fifth grade to help support his family. 

Murphy joined the Army in 1942. His first assignment was being sent to Morocco as a replacement in the 3rd Platoon in 1943. Audie Murphy was very good in several battles. In Italy, his abilities as a combat infantryman earned him promotions and decorations for his heroism. After being wounded in combat, Murphy was removed from the battlefield and promoted to Lieutenant. The Lieutenant General Alexander Patch, commander of the Army, gave him the Medal of Honour. Audie Murphy also received 33 U.S. medals for his courage and heroism in battle.

Audie Murphy began his acting career in 1948, in the comedy movie "Texas, Brooklyn & Heaven". It was directed by William Castle. Murphy has been one of the best known Hollywood actors in westerns movies. He played the role the legendary "Billy the Kid" in "The Kid from Texas" (1950) directed by Kurt Neumann, and then playing another legend Jesse James in "Kansas Raiders" (1950), by Ray Enright. His greatest successes were Westerns was "The Duel at Silver Creek" (1952), by Don Siegel, "Gunsmoke" (1953) and "Drums Across the River" (1954) directed by Nathan Juran, "Destry" (1954) and "The Guns of Fort Petticoat" (1957) directed by George Marshall, "Night Passage" (1957) with James Stewart, "The Unforgiven" (1960) with Burt Lancaster, "Gunfight at Comanche Creek" (1963) one of his best movies. Murphy also had a television series "Whispering Smith" (1961). In it he played the role of Tom 'Whispering' Smith, for 26 episodes of the TV Western. 

Another of his great works for the movies were war movies, such as "To Hell and Back" (1955) by Jesse Hibbs. It was a biography of his story during World War II.




6-plus-6-instruments

6-plus-6-instruments are musical instruments having each 12 tones. Their keys or cords are in two rows. In each row the tone distance is a whole-tone distance. The distance between both rows is a half-tone distance. So there is the same fingering in all 6 scales where the base tone is in the same row. If there is a third row, which is the same like the first row, there is the same fingering in all 12 scales, e. g. on a piano with a Janko keyboard.

Belper

Belper is a town on the A6 road, in Derbyshire, England. In 2001 there were 20,548 people living in Belper.

Oakham

Oakham is a town in Rutland, England. In 2001 there were 9,975 people living in Oakham.

Melton Mowbray

Melton Mowbray is a town in Leicestershire, England. It's Market days date back over 1000 years.

Sleaford

Sleaford is a town in Lincolnshire, England. In 2001, 14,494 people lived in Sleaford.

Coalville

Coalville is a town in the district of North West Leicestershire, Leicestershire in the East Midlands of England. In the 2011 census, 34,575 people lived there. The town is on the A511 between Leicester and Burton upon Trent. It is close to junction 22 of the M1 motorway where the A511 meets the A50 between Ashby-de-la-Zouch and Leicester. The town borders Charnwood Forest.

Coalville is twinned with Romans-sur-Isère in southeastern France.

Rugeley

Rugeley (pronounced "Rooj-lee") is a market town in Staffordshire, England. It is 7.9 miles (12.7 km) north of the cathedral city of Lichfield and 9.8 miles (15.8 km) southeast of Stafford, the county town. The 2011 census revealed that just over 24,000 people live in Rugeley.

It is on the north-eastern edge of Cannock Chase and is next to the River Trent.

The Trent & Mersey Canal flows through the town.

Although the town is in Staffordshire, it is in the Walsall postcode area, a town in the West Midlands, and the WS15 postcode district.

The town has two railway stations, Rugeley Town and Rugeley Trent Valley. Rugeley Trent Valley is on the West Coast Main Line and provides long-distance trains to London, Birmingham and Crewe. Rugeley Town is on the Chase Line and provides direct local trains to Walsall and Birmingham.

Rugeley used to have its own newspaper, the "Rugeley Times". It was published from Bow Street in the town. However, the paper was sold to the Staffordshire Newsletter.

Rugeley is twinned with:

Swaffham

Swaffham is a town on the A1065 road in Breckland District, Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 6,935 people living in Swaffham.

Cromer

Cromer is a town in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 7,749 people living in Cromer.

Bridlington

Bridlington is a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 33,837 people living in Bridlington.

Wicki-Hayden note layout

In music, the Wicki-Hayden note layout has the same advantage over the traditional keyboard layout as the 6-plus-6-system: There is the same fingering in all 12 scales. It is used for the Hayden duet concertina. Kaspar Wicki patented it in 1896 in Switzerland. Brian Hayden, a concertina player, refined this layout and patented it again in 1986 in Great Britain.

Concertina

A concertina is a musical instrument that makes sounds using air pushed and pulled through reeds using a bellows. The fingers push buttons at both ends of the instrument.

The Anglo concertina has the bass notes at the left side and makes other tones pushing than pulling a button.

The English concertina makes the same tone pushing and pulling a button.

The duet concertinas have the bass notes at the left side and make the same tone pushing and pulling a button.
The Hayden duet concertina has the same fingering for all scales. It has a shifted 6-plus-6 keyboard layout.


Army of the Pharaohs

Army of the Pharaohs is a hip-hop supergroup from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The supergroup was formed in 1998 by Jedi Mind Tricks' Vinnie Paz. Currently the group has 15 members.







Skullcandy

Skullcandy is an American company. It makes headphones and earphones. Skullcandy is a privately held company. It is based in Park City, Utah. It was founded in 2003 by Rick Alden.

Skullcandy sponsors professional athletes in snowboarding, skiing, skateboarding, wakeboarding, motocross, and biking. They are partners with the X Games, Zumiez Couch Tour, South by Southwest, and the Vans Warped Tour.

Amor Prohibido

Amor Prohibido () is the name of Selena's fifth studio album. "Amor Prohibido" is known as one of the biggest-selling Latin album of all time, being certified by the RIAA for shipping 2 million copies. The album had four number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart, the only Spanish album by a female to do so.


Album

 In February 2008, RIAA reduced the certification-award-levels for Oro y De Platino to Gold=50,000 and Platinum=100,000.
The Amor Prohibido Tour was the final concert tour for American singer Selena. The tour grossed over $60 million. In February 1995, Selena performed at the Houston Astrodome. She performed to the record-breaking audience of over 60,000 fans. This was more than country singers such as George Strait, Vince Gill and Reba McEntire.

Milden

Milden is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 106 people living in Milden. It has a church called St Peter.

Kersey

Kersey is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 349 people living in Kersey. It also includes Kersey Tye, Kersey Upland, Wicker Street Green and William’s Green.


Newton, Suffolk

Newton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 497 people living in Newton.

Long Melford

Long Melford is a village and civil parish north of Sudbury in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 3,433 people living in Long Melford.

Lindsey

Lindsey is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 187 people living in Lindsey.

Polstead

Polstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 808 people living in Polstead. It is famous for the Red Barn Murder that happened there in 1827. It includes the hamlets of Mill Street, Polstead Heath, Hadleigh Heath, Bower House Tye and Whitestreet Green.

The Red Barn Murder was a murder (killing) that happened in Polstead in 1827. A man named William Corder shot his lover, Maria Marten. The Red Barn was a local landmark. Marten and Corder were going to meet at the barn and then elope to (run away and get married) Ipswich. Corder ran away to London and married another woman. He sent Marten's family letters that said that Maria was happy and healthy.

Maria Marten's mother had dreams about the murder. In the dreams, Maria's ghost pointed to where she was buried in the barn. On April 19, 1828, Maria's body was found in a sack (a bag) in a bin for holding grain. The London police found Corder and arrested him. They also found two pistols that he had bought the day of the murder.

The trial started on August 7, 1828. It was held at Shire Hall in Bury St Edmunds. William Corder was charged with killing Maria Marten by shooting and stabbing her. He was also charged with forgery. There were a total of 9 charges. He pleaded not guilty.

The jury deliberated for only 35 minutes. ("Deliberating" is when the people in the jury talk and try to decide if the person is guilty or not guilty.) Corder was found guilty. He was sentenced to death by hanging. The judge ordered that after he was dead his body was to be dissected.

William Corder died on August 11, 1828 just before noon. He was hanged at the gallows in Bury St Edmunds. Many people showed up to see him die. One newspaper said there were 7,000 people who showed up. Another newspaper said there were 20,000. After he was dead, the body was taken back to the courtroom. More than 5,000 people came to the courtroom to see Corder's body. His body was dissected the next day. His skeleton was put on display in the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons of England. In 2004, it was taken down and cremated.

Great Waldingfield

Great Waldingfield is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,457 people living in Great Waldingfield.

Little Waldingfield

Little Waldingfield is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 350 people living in Little Waldingfield.

Assington

Assington is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 371 people living in Assington.

Chelsworth

Chelsworth is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, 146 people lived in Chelsworth.

Semer

Semer is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 158 people living in Semer.

Raydon

Raydon is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 487 people living in Raydon.

Freston, Suffolk

Freston is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 122 people living in Freston.

Hintlesham

Hintlesham is a village and civil parish on the A1071 road in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 564 people living in Hintlesham.

Higham, Babergh

Higham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 132 people living in Higham.

Cliburn

Cliburn is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 204 people living in Cliburn. It has a church called St Cuthbert's Church.


Hitcham, Suffolk

Hitcham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 596 people living in Hitcham.

Morland

Morland is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 380 people living in Morland.

Bildeston

Bildeston is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,011 people living in Bildeston.

Aldham

Aldham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2005, there were 200 people living in Aldham. It is around eight miles west of Ipswich.

Little Cornard

Little Cornard is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 305 people living in Little Cornard.

Worldwatch Institute

The Worldwatch Institute is an environmental organization based in Washington, D.C. It helps to tell people who make policy and the public about the world economy and the environment. 

Worldwatch Institute publications include The State of the World report, which is about urgent global environmental problems and new ideas for fixing them.


Quantum gravity

Quantum gravity is an area of research in physics. Right now, physics can describe gravity of real-life-sized objects using general relativity. Physicists can also describe the universe on a microscopic scale with quantum mechanics. The goal of quantum gravity is to develop a theory that contains both general relativity and quantum mechanics. However, combining the theories of the big and the small is very difficult in practice. 

Physicists are working on several ways to write down a theory of quantum gravity. One approach is to search for a unified field theory. Physicists also try to develop theories at an even more fundamental level, like string theory, loop quantum gravity, or other methods, to find out why our current theories of gravity and quantum mechanics cannot be combined.

Metroad 5, Sydney

Metroad 5 is a metroad. It is 47km long. It is the only metroad in Sydney to be fully freeway standard. It starts from Campbelltown at the Narellan Road (Metroad 9) interchange and ends at General Holmes Drive near Sydney Airport. The suburbs Metroad 5 passes include Liverpool and Campbelltown. The South Western Motorway and the M5 Freeway are part of the metroad. Some of the exits are Campbelltown Road, Westlink M7 (Metroad 7), Hume Highway, Moorebank Avenue, Heathcote Road, Henry Lawson Drive, The River Road, Fairford Road (Metroad 6), Belmore Road, King Georges Road (Metroad 3) and Marsh Street. The M5 East Freeway Tunnel is a major tunnel in Metroad 5.

Wonderama

Wonderama was a long-running children's television program. It appeared on Metromedia-owned stations from 1955 to 1986. The show was made at WNEW-TV in New York City.

"Wonderama" also was run in five other markets in which Metromedia owned television stations, including WTTG in Washington D.C., KMBC-TV in Kansas City, KTTV in Los Angeles, WXIX-TV in Cincinnati and WTCN-TV in Minneapolis – Saint Paul. The show ran three hours long, and later two hours on Sunday mornings.


Despite the frequent turnover of hosts throughout the 1950s, "Wonderama" experienced its greatest viewership by way of one-time Baltimore kids' show host Bob McAllister, who replaced Sonny Fox as host in 1967 and remained host until 1977.

Each show's taping included "(but was not necessarily limited to)" education, music, audience participation, games, interviews and cartoon shorts. 
Each week, audience members received a package of parting gifts with some items, including:

McAllister sang the program's closing theme song. It was called "Kids Are People Too" ("wacka-doo, wacka-doo, wacka-doo"). This later became the show's title when it moved to ABC on Sunday mornings.

Many stars from all genres of entertainment (music, movies, television, etc.) appeared on "Wonderama", including:

Beginning in 1980, a documentary/magazine show for children (and hosted by teens) ran on Sunday mornings on WNEW-TV. While this show maintained the "Wonderama" title, the show itself was nothing like the kids festival that it once was. This hour-long incarnation ran until 1983; reruns edited to 30 minutes aired from 1984 to 1986 on WNEW-TV/WNYW on Saturday mornings.


Sonny Fox

Irwin "Sonny" Fox (June 17, 1925 – January 24, 2021) was an American television host, executive, and broadcasting consultant. He was the fourth full-time host of the children's television program, "Wonderama".

Fox died on January 24, 2021 from COVID-19 in Los Angeles, aged 95.

Unsportsmanlike conduct

Unsportsmanlike conduct (or unsporting behaviour, or ungentlemanly conduct) describes a kind of action by professional sportspeople. It is when a player or team acts during the game in a way that is not professional or is offensive. It is different to cheating or breaking the rules. Unsportsmanlike conduct is something most players and fans dislike. The official rules of many sports include a rule so that a referee can call unsportsmanlike conduct on a team or player. There may be a fine or penalty.

The Color of Money (movie)

The Color of Money is a 1986 American sports drama movie about pool players. It was released in 1986. The movie stars Paul Newman, Tom Cruise, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio. Martin Scorsese was the director. It is the sequel to "The Hustler". Newman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, his first Oscar win after eight nominations, seven of them for Best Actor.

Love Will Tear Us Apart

"Love Will Tear Us Apart" is a song by the British post-punk band Joy Division. released in 1980 it is their most famous and well Known song by them 

Unknown Pleasures

Unknown Pleasures is English post-punk band Joy Division's first album. It was released in 1979 through Factory Records. Martin Hannett produced the record at Strawberry Studios, Stockport, England

Closer (Joy Division album)

Closer is the second and final album by post-punk band Joy Division. It was released on , two months after the suicide of lead singer Ian Curtis.

Asphalt

Asphalt, or bitumen, is a sticky, black and highly viscous liquid or semi-solid, composed almost entirely of petroleum. It is present in most crude petroleums and in some natural deposits. It is the material which made the La Brea tar pits.

Its main use is in road construction. Mixed with "aggregate" (sand, gravel, crushed stone, etc.) it makes a good road surface. It has various other names: pitch, tarmac, blacktop, asphalt concrete, asphalt pavement (US), all mean roughly the same thing.

Asphalt which is liquid is often called tar. Tar is also used for plant resin. Solid asphalt is often called pitch. 

Although a block of asphalt or pitch can look like a solid, it still flows, but very slowly. There have been a few "pitch experiments" to see how long it takes for a drip to form and drop off a block of apparently solid pitch.


Rikuzentakata, Iwate

The 2010 census counted 23,302 people living in the city. (2005 showed 24,709). The city was founded on January 1, 1955. Much of the city was heavily damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

The area of the city is 232.29 km² and the population density is 100 people per km².

The mayor of the city is Futoshi Toba.

As of 2011, oyster farming produced ¥40 million in annual sales for the city.

There is one railroad line with six stations in Rikuzentakata.

Rikuzentakata was reported to have been "wiped off the map" by the tsunami following the Tōhoku earthquake. According to the police, every building smaller than three stories high has been completely flooded. Buildings taller than three stories were partially flooded. At the city hall, water also reached as high as the third floor.

On 14 March, a BBC report showed a picture of the town. The report described the city as "almost completely flattened." Reporters could not tell how many people had survived. The city did have tsunami shelters. The shelters were designed to protect people from a wave 3 to 4 meters tall. However, the tsunami of March 2011 was 13 meters high in the city. The wave covered the areas that were supposed to be safe. Local officials estimate that 20% to 40% of the cities people died. "Rikuzen-Takata effectively no longer exists." The city had a 6.5 meter high seawall, but it was not enough. More than 80% of 8,000 houses were destroyed by the tsunami.

As of 3 April 2011, 1,000 people from the town were confirmed dead with 1,300 still missing.

Sixty-eight city officials, about one-third of the city's municipal employees, were killed. The town's mayor, Futoshi Toba, was at work at the city hall and survived. His wife was at their seaside home and she died.

 is part of the coastline, two kilometers long. About seventy thousand pine trees used to grow there. It was selected as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan (Shōwa period) in 1927 and in 1940 it was named a Place of Scenic Beauty. After the 2011 tsunami only one tree was still there. A single, ten-meter tall, two hundred year-old tree is all that is left from the forest. The tree is only five meters from the sea and may be damaged by too much salt. The Association for the Protection of Takata-Matsubara along with the city and prefectural governments are trying to protect the last pine tree.


Daniel Ricciardo

Daniel Ricciardo (born 1 July 1989 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian racing driver. He won the British Formula Three Championship in 2009. He is currently a driver in Formula 1 for Scuderia AlphaTauri .

Ricciardo started karting at the age of nine. In 2005, he entered the Western Australian Formula Ford championship. He drove a 15-year-old Van Diemen, and finished eighth by season's end. 

The next year, he won a scholarship to the Formula BMW Asian championship with Eurasia Motorsport. During his first season, Ricciardo earned a pole position and won twice. He finished third in the Drivers' Championship with 231 points, 59 points behind the champion.

In August 2006, Ricciardo entered one race in the Formula BMW UK series. He finished eighth in the second race and took three championship points. At the end of the year, he entered the Formula BMW World Final Fortec Motorsport. He finished in fifth position, fourteen seconds behind the winner.

2007 saw the Australian moved to Formula Renault, entering the European and Italian championships. He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia. He failed to score a point in his few starts in the European races.

Ricciardo stayed in Formula Renault for 2008, entering the European and Western European championships. By the end of the year, the he took his first European title in the Western European Cup and finished second in the Eurocup.

During the middle of the 2008 season, Ricciardo made his Formula Three debut at the Nürburgring. He qualified in eighth for the first race. He was moved up to sixth in the race after James Jakes and Christian Vietoris stalled on the grid.

Ricciardo moved to the British Formula Three Championship for 2009, driving for Carlin Motorsport. He also made his debut in the 3.5-litre World Series by Renault championship. He retired from the first race, before finishing fifteenth in the second. When he returned to Formula Three, he extended his championship lead. Ricciardo became the first Australian driver since David Brabham in 1989 to win the British F3 title. He won the championship by 87 points.

Ricciardo continued with Carlin for the Macau Grand Prix with the team. He finished sixth in the qualifying race. He retired on the first lap of the main race after hitting the wall.

On 30 October 2009, Ricciardo was signed by Tech 1 to compete in the 2010 Formula Renault 3.5 Series season. He had 8 pole positions in the season, 4 wins, and finished the season second in the championship.

Ricciardo returned to the series in 2011 for ISR Racing

Ricciardo made his track debut at the wheel of a Formula One car in December 2009. He tested for Red Bull Racing at the young drivers test at Circuito de Jerez. On the final day of testing, Ricciardo had the fastest time of the test by more than one second. Ricciardo became one of the test and reserve drivers for both Red Bull Racing, and the sister team Scuderia Toro Rosso

In November 2010, Ricciardo was the only Red Bull Racing driver at the end-of-season young drivers test. Ricciardo dominated the event. His fastest lap was 1.3 seconds faster than Sebastian Vettel's qualifying lap the Saturday before. Ricciardo remained unbeaten in Formula One tests he has attended.

On 26 November 2010, Ricciardo was confirmed as Toro Rosso's test and reserve driver for the season. He will take part in the first free practice session of each race weekend.

 As a guest driver, Ricciardo was ineligible for points 

† – As Ricciardo was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.

 Season in progress.


Alpheton

Alpheton is a village and civil parish on the A134 road in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 242 people living in Alpheton.

Monks Eleigh

Monks Eleigh is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 425 people living in Monks Eleigh.

Ashby-de-la-Zouch

Ashby-de-la-Zouch is a town and civil parish in Leicestershire, England. In 2001 there were 12,758 people living in Ashby-de-la-Zouch.

Beverley

Beverley is a town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 17,549 people living in Beverley.

Scunthorpe

Scunthorpe is a town near the M180 motorway and the M181 motorway in Lincolnshire, England. The ending of the name in "thorpe" meaning "new village" in Norse, show it was a Viking settlement.

Scunthorpe is often referred to as an Industrial Garden town.

Scunthorpe has a population of approximately 80,000 people

Scunthorpe is famous for its steelworks.

The football team is called Scunthorpe United 

Downham Market

Downham Market is a town and civil parish in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 6,730 people living in Downham Market.

Robert Blake (actor)

Robert Blake (born Michael James Vincenzo Gubitosi; September 18, 1933 – March 9, 2023), was an American actor. In 1975, he won an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

Robert Blake was born Michael James Gubitosi in Nutley, New Jersey, on September 18, 1933. His family were entertainers. His family moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1938 to focus on their career.

Blake had an unhappy childhood in which he was abused by his alcoholic father. He said that he was physically and sexually abused by both of his parents while growing up. At age 14, he ran away from home.

Robert Blake began his acting career as a child in dozens short films as "Joy Scouts" (1939), "Captain Spanky's Show Boat" (1939), "The Big Premiere" (1940), "Good Bad Boys" (1940), and the Oscar-winning short film "Main Street on the March!" (1941). As an adult, Blake he began to play small roles in films like "The Black Rose" (1950) with Tyrone Power and directed by Henry Hathaway, "The Veils of Bagdad" (1953) with Victor Mature, "Three Violent People" (1956) with Charlton Heston, "Pork Chop Hill" (1959) with Gregory Peck. He also had a role in "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965), playing the role of Simon the Zealot. Robert Blake shot to fame when playing Perry in the film "In Cold Blood" (1967) based on the book by Truman Capote, and directed by Richard Brooks. Another performance was playing a deranged police officer motorized in "Electra Glide in Blue" (1973) for this film Blake was nominated for a Golden Globe.

Robert Blake has had a long and successful career in television. His great works include "Baretta" as Det. Tony Baretta. Robert Blake played for 82 episodes broadcast between 1975 and 1978. Blake won a prestigious Emmy Award in 1975 and was nominated again in 1977 and also won Golden Globe in 1975 for "Baretta".

Another of his works on television was his portrayal of James Riddle 'Jimmy' Hoffa in "Blood Feud" (1983) directed by Mike Newell, for which he was nominated for an Emmy and Golden Globe in 1983. One of his last television appearances was in "Judgment Day: The John List Story" (1993) directed by Bobby Roth, he plays the true story of a religious fanatic who kills his family. This role was one of his best performances and earned him a nomination for an Emmy in 1993.

In March 2005, Blake was tried and acquitted of the 2001 murder of his second wife, Bonnie Lee Bakley. In November 2005, he was found liable in a California civil court for her wrongful death.



Bourne

Bourne is a town and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 11,933 people living in Bourne.

Edenbridge

Edenbridge is a town and civil parish in Kent, England. In 2001 there were 7,808 people living in Edenbridge.

Newby

Newby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 164 people living in Newby.

Colby, Cumbria

Colby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001, there were 120 people living in Colby.

Long Marton

Long Marton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 704 people living in Long Marton.

Kirkby Thore

Kirkby Thore is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 731 people living in Kirkby Thore.

Foxearth

Foxearth is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 303 people living in Foxearth.

East Grinstead

East Grinstead is a town and civil parish in West Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 23,942 people living in East Grinstead. It is the home town of the 1990s pop group Right Said Fred. It is on the Meridian Line.

Petworth

Petworth is a town and civil parish in West Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 2,775 people living in Petworth.

Evesham

Evesham is a town and civil parish in Worcestershire, England. In 2001 there were 22,304 people living in Evesham.There are many coffee shops and a wonderful park the locals keep tidy

Diss

Diss is a town and civil parish in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 6,917 people living in Diss.

Frome

Frome is a town and civil parish in Somerset, England. In 2001 there were 24,510 people living in Frome.

Cancion Nacional Chilena

"Cancion Nacional Chilena" ("Chilean National Song") was the national anthem of Chile until 1847. It was written by Bernardo de Vera y Pintado and composed by Manuel Robles.

<poem>
I
Ciudadanos: el amor sagrado
de la patria os convoca la lid:
libertad: es el eco de alarma,
la divisa: triunfar o morir.
El cadalso o la antigua cadena,
os presenta el soberbio español:
arrancad el puñal al tiraño,
quebrantad ese cuello feroz.

Chorus:
Dulce patria, recibe los votos
con que Chile en tus aras juró
que, o la tumba serás de los libres,
o el asilo contra la opresión.

II
Habituarnos, quisieron tres siglos
del esclavo, a la suerte infelíz
que, al sonar de sus propias cadenas
más aprende a cantar, que a gemir.
Pero el fuerte clamor de la patria,
ese ruido espantoso acalló
y las voces de la independencia
penetraron hasta el corazón.

Chorus

III
En sus ojos hermosos, la patria,
nuevas luces empieza a sentir
y, observando sus altos derechos,
se ha encendido en ardor varonil.
De virtud y justicia rodeada,
a los pueblos del orbe anunció:
que, con sangre de Arauco, ha firmado
la gran carta de emancipación.

Chorus

IV
Los tiranos, en rabia, encendidos
y, tocando de cerca su fin,
desplegaron la furia impotente,
aunque en vano se halaga en destruir.
Ciudadanos: mirad en el campo
el cadáver del vil invasor,
que perezca ese cruel, que el sepulcro
tan lejano a su cuna buscó.

Chorus

V
Esos valles también ved, chilenos
que, el eterno quiso bendecir,
y en que ríe la naturaleza,
aunque ajada del déspota vil.
Al amigo y al deudo más caro,
sirven hoy de sepulcro y de honor,
mas la sangre del héroe es fecunda,
y en cada hombre cuenta un vengador.

Chorus

VI
Del silencio profundo en que habitan
esos manes ilustres, oíd
que, os reclamen venganza, chilenos,
y, en venganza a la guerra acudid.
De Lautaro, Colocolo y Rengo,
reanimad el nativo valor,
y empeñad el coraje en las fieras,
que la España, a extinguirnos, mandó.

Chorus

VII
Esos monstruos que cargan consigo
el carácter infame y servil,
¿Cómo pueden jamás compararse
con los héroes del cinco de abril?
Ellos sirven al mismo tirano
que, su ley y su sangre burló...
por la patria, nosotros peleamos
nuestra vida lealtad y honor.

Chorus

VIII
Por el mar y la tierra amenazan
los secuaces del déspota vil,
pero toda la naturaleza
los espera para combatir.
El Pacífico, al sud y occidente,
al oriente: los Ándes y el sol,
por el norte: un inmenso desierto
y el centro: libertad y unión.

Chorus

IX
Ved la insignia con que, en Chacabuco,
al intruso supisteis rendir,
y el augusto tricolor que, en Maipo,
en un día de triunfo nos dio mil.
Vedle ya, señoreando un océano
y, flameando sobre el fiero león,
se estremece a su vista, el íbero,
nuestros pechos inflama el valor.

Chorus

X
Ciudadanos, la gloria presida,
de la patria, el destino felíz,
y podrán, las edades futuras,
a sus padres, así bendecir.
Venturosas, mil veces, las vidas
con que Chile, su dicha afianzó...
si quedare un tirano, su sangre
de los héroes escriba el blasón.
</poem>

<poem>
I
Citizens: sacred love
of the homeland summons you the lid:
freedom: it is the echo of alarm, the motto: succeed or die.
The scaffold or the ancient chain,
presents the superb Spanish:
pull out the dagger from the tyrant,
break that fierce neck.

Chorus:
Sweet Homeland, receive the vows
That Chile gave you on your altars
That, you be either the tomb of the free,
Or a refuge from oppression.

II
Habituate us, they wanted three centuries
from the slave, to the unhappy fate
that, at the sound of their own chains
he learns to sing more than to moan.
But the loud cry of the homeland,
that awful noise silenced
and the voices of independence
penetrated to the heart.

Chorus

III
In her beautiful eyes, the homeland,
new lights begin to feel
and, observing the high rights of her,
she has ignited in manly ardor.
Of virtue and justice surrounded,
to the peoples of the world he announced:
that, with Arauco's blood, he has signed
the great emancipation card.

Chorus

IV
The tyrants, in rage, turned on and, close to its end,
they displayed helpless fury,
though in vain he flattered himself in destroying.
Citizens: look in the field
the corpse of the vile invader,
may that cruel perish, may the grave
so far to the cradle he sought.

Chorus

V
See those valleys too, Chileans
that the eternal wanted to bless,
and in which nature laughs,
though marred by the vile despot.
To the friend and the dearest debtor,
they serve today as a grave and honor,
but the hero's blood is fertile,
and in every man there is an avenger.

Chorus

VI
Of the deep silence in which they inhabit
those illustrious men, hear
Let them claim revenge on you, Chileans,
and, in revenge to the war go.
From Lautaro, Colocolo and Rengo,
revive the native courage,
and pledge your courage in the beasts,
that Spain, to extinguish us, commanded.

Chorus

VII
Those monsters that carry with them
the infamous and servile character,
How can they ever compare
with the heroes of the fifth of April?
They serve the same tyrant
that, his law and his blood mocked...
for the country, we fight
our life loyalty and honor.

Chorus

VIII
By sea and land they threaten
the henchmen of the vile despot,
but all nature
awaits you to fight.
The Pacific, to the south and west,
to the east: the Andes and the sun,
to the north: an immense desert
and the center: freedom and union.

Chorus

IX
See the insignia with which, in Chacabuco,
you knew how to surrender the intruder,
and the august tricolor that, in Maipo,
on a day of triumph he gave us a thousand.
See him now, dominating an ocean
and, flaming over the fierce lion,
shudders at the sight of him, the Iberian,
our breasts inflame the courage.

Chorus

X
Citizens, glory presides,
of the homeland, the happy destiny,
and may, future ages,
their parents, thus bless. Adventurous a thousand times lives
with which Chile, its happiness strengthened...
if I remain a tyrant, his blood
of the heroes write the blazon.

Chorus
</poem>

Wincanton

Wincanton is a town near the A303 road in Somerset, England. In 2001 there were 4,639 people living in Wincanton.

Coordination complex

A coordination complex is an inorganic chemical compound where a central atom (usually a metal) has an electron shell which permits it to combine with one or more molecules. These molecules, called "ligands", have at least one pair of free electrons for binding.

Encyclopédie

Encyclopédie, ou dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers () was a general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772. The full title was "Encyclopédie, ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers, par une société de gens de lettres, mis en ordre par M. Diderot de l'Académie des Sciences et Belles-Lettres de Prusse, et quant à la partie mathématique, par M. d'Alembert de l'Académie royale des Sciences de Paris, de celle de Prusse et de la Société royale de Londres." 

The "Encyclopédie" was the first encyclopedia to include contributions from many people, and it was the first to include applied science and engineering. Still, the "Encyclopédie" is famous above all for representing the thought of the Enlightenment. According to Denis Diderot in the article "Encyclopédie", the "Encyclopédie"'s aim was "to change the way people think."

The "Encyclopédie" was conceived as a translation of Ephraim Chambers's "Cyclopaedia" (1728). In 1743, the translation was given by the Parisian book publisher André Le Breton to John Mills, an Englishman living in France. In May 1745, Le Breton announced the work as available for sale, but Mills had not done the work. Le Breton beat Mills with a cane. Mills sued for assault, but Le Breton was set free because he was justified. For his new editor, Le Breton chose mathematician Jean Paul de Gua de Malves. In August 1747, Gua de Malves was fired for being a poor leader. Le Breton then hired Diderot and Jean d'Alembert as the new editors. Diderot would remain editor for the next twenty-five years, seeing the "Encyclopédie" through to completion.

Many of the most noted figures of the French Enlightenment contributed to the "Encyclopédie", including Voltaire, Rousseau, and Baron d'Holbach. The most prolific contributor wrote 17,266 articles, or about eight per day, between 1759 and 1765.

Approximate size of the "Encyclopédie":


Print run: 4,250 copies (note: even single-volume works in the 18th Century seldom had a print run of more than 1,500 copies)


Denis Diderot

Denis Diderot (; 5 October 1713 – 31 July 1784) was a French philosopher, art critic and writer. He was a known figure during the Enlightenment. He is best known for serving as co-founder, chief editor and contributor to the "Encyclopédie" along with Jean le Rond d'Alembert. 

Diderot died from pulmonary thrombosis in Paris, aged 70.

2 Baruch

2 Baruch is a text that was written in the late first century, or the early second century CE. It was probably written after the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem, in 70 CE, and before the second Roman-Jewish War, 132-135 CE. It is attributed to Baruch ben Neriah and is included in some editions of the Old Testament and the Peshitta, but neither Jews nor Christians regard it as scripture. The Syrian Orthodox Church includes it in the Bible. The text has 87 sections and is also known as Syriac Apocalypse of Baruch and Letter of Baruch to the Nine and a Half Tribes.

Rhysling Award

The Rhysling Awards are a prize given each year for the best poem from science fiction, fantasy, or horror. Most awards for writing are named for the creator of the award, the subject of the award, or an important person. The Rhyslings are named for a character in a science fiction story: the blind poet Rhysling, in Robert A. Heinlein's short story "The Green Hills of Earth". Two awards are given: "Best Long Poem", for poetry of 50 or more lines, and "Best Short Poem", for works of 49 or fewer lines.

The members of the Science Fiction Poetry Association (SFPA) choose several possible winners (nominees) for each year's Rhysling Awards. Each member may name one work that should win in each category. All of the nominees are published in a book called "The Rhysling Anthology". Members of the Association then vote on the final winners. Since 2005, the Awards have been presented in July at a ceremony at Readercon. The "Best Short Poem" category allows very short poems to be entered. However, the SFPA also has the Dwarf Stars Award for poems from one to ten lines.




Northbourne

Northbourne is a village and civil parish near Deal in Kent, England. In 2001 there were 793 people living in Northbourne.

Huntshaw

Huntshaw is a village and civil parish in Torridge, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 120 people living in Huntshaw.

East Bergholt

East Bergholt is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2,689 people living in East Bergholt.

West Bergholt

West Bergholt is a village and civil parish in Colchester district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3,294 people living in West Bergholt.

Wormingford

Wormingford is a village and civil parish in Colchester district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 459 people living in Wormingford.

Civil parish

A civil parish is a type of local government. In England, a civil parish is a territorial designation and lowest tier of local government.


Stanstead, Suffolk

Stanstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 316 people living in Stanstead.

Civil parishes in England

In England, a civil parish is a unit of local government. Civil parishes are the lowest tier of local government, below districts and counties. It is an administrative parish, in comparison to an ecclesiastical (church) parish.

The parish council can decide to call itself a town, village, neighbourhood or community; and in a limited number of cases has city status granted by the monarch. Civil parishes only cover part of England; about 35% of the population.

There are currently no civil parishes in Greater London, and before 2008 their creation was not permitted within a London Borough.

The creation of ancient parishes was linked to the manorial system. The parishes often shared the same boundaries as the manor of the local lord. At first the manor was the main unit of local administration and justice in the early rural economy. Eventually the church replaced the manor court as the rural administrative centre and levied a local tax on produce known as a tithe. Responsibility for things such as relief of the poor passed from the Lord of the Manor to the church, but in practice it was administered by monasteries. After the dissolution of the monasteries, the power to charge (levy) a rate to fund relief of the poor was given to the parish authorities by the 1601 Act for the Relief of the Poor.

The parish authorities were known as vestries and were made up of all the inhabitants of the parish. As the population was growing it became increasingly difficult to hold meetings as an open vestry. In some, mostly built up, areas the select vestry took over responsibility from the community at large. This innovation improved efficiency, but allowed governance by a self-perpetuating elite. The administration of the parish system relied on the monopoly of the Church of England. As religious membership became more fractured, such as through the revival of Methodism, the legitimacy of the parish vestry came into question and the perceived inefficiency and corruption inherent in the system became a source for concern. Because of this scepticism, during early the 19th century the parish progressively lost its powers to ad-hoc boards and other organisations, such as the loss of responsibility for poor relief through the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834. The replacement boards were each able to levy their own rate in the parish. The church rate ceased to be levied in many areas and was abolished altogether in 1868.

The ancient parishes split into two distinct units during the 19th century. The Poor Law Amendment Act 1866 declared that all areas that levied a separate rate —extra-parochial areas, townships, and chapelries— become civil parishes as well. The parishes for church use continued unchanged as ecclesiastical parishes. The latter part of the 19th century saw most of the ancient irregularities inherited by the civil system cleaned up, with the majority of exclaves abolished.

Civil parishes in their modern sense were established afresh in 1894, by the Local Government Act 1894. The Act abolished vestries, and established elected parish councils in all rural civil parishes with more than 300 electors. These were grouped into rural districts. Boundaries were altered to avoid parishes being split between counties. Urban parishes continued to exist, and boundaries were usually changed to be the same as the urban district or municipal borough in which they were situated. Large towns originally split between multiple parishes were, for the most part, eventually joined into one parish. No parish councils were formed for urban parishes, and their only function was as areas electing guardians to Poor Law Unions. With the abolition of the poor law system in 1930 the parishes had only a nominal existence.

In 1965 civil parishes in London were formally abolished when Greater London was created, as the legislative framework for Greater London did not make provision for any local government body below a London Borough (since all of London was previously part of a metropolitan borough, municipal borough or urban district, no actual parish councils were abolished). In 1974 the Local Government Act 1972 retained civil parishes in rural areas and small urban areas, but abolished them in larger urban areas. Many former urban districts and municipal boroughs that were being abolished rather than succeeded were continued as new parishes. Urban areas that were considered too large to be single parishes were refused this permission and became unparished areas. The Act also led to the possibility of sub-division of all districts (apart from London boroughs, reformed in 1965), into multiple civil parishes. For example, Oxford, whilst entirely unparished in 1974, now has four civil parishes, covering part of its area.

The creation of town and parish councils is encouraged in unparished areas. The Local Government and Rating Act 1997 gave local residents the right to demand that a new parish and council be created in unparished areas. This was extended to London boroughs by the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007 - with this, the City of London is at present the only part of England where civil parishes cannot be created.

If enough electors in an area of a proposed new parish (ranging from 50% in an area with less than 500 electors to 10% in one with more than 2,500) sign a petition demanding its creation, then the local district council or unitary authority must consider the proposal. Recently established parish councils include Daventry (2003), Folkestone (2004), and Brixham (2007). In 2003 seven new parish councils were set up for Burton upon Trent, and in 2001 the Milton Keynes urban area became entirely parished, with ten new parishes being created. In 2003, the village of Great Coates (Grimsby) regained parish status. Parishes can also be abolished where there is evidence that this in response to "justified, clear and sustained local support" from the area's inhabitants. Examples include Birtley, which was abolished in 2006 and Southsea abolished in 2010.

Every civil parish has a parish meeting, consisting of all the electors of the parish. Generally a meeting is held once a year. A civil parish may have a parish council which exercises various local responsibilities given by statute. If a parish has fewer than 200 electors it is usually deemed too small to have a parish council, and instead will only have a parish meeting; an example of direct democracy. Alternatively several small parishes can be grouped together and share a common parish council, or even a common parish meeting. In places where there is no civil parish (unparished areas), the administration of the activities normally undertaken by the parish becomes the responsibility of the district or borough council. There are about 8,700 parish and town councils in England, and about 1,500 parishes with only parish meetings. Since 1997 around 100 new civil parishes have been created, in some cases splitting existing civil parishes, but mostly by creating new ones from unparished areas.

Typical activities undertaken by parish or town councils include:


The role played by parish councils varies. Smaller parish councils have only limited resources and generally play only a minor role, while some larger parish councils have a role similar to that of a small non-metropolitan district. Parish councils receive funding by levying a "precept" on the council tax paid by the residents of the parish.

Parish councils are run by volunteer councillors who are elected to serve for four years and are not paid. Some councils have chosen to pay their elected members a small allowance as permitted under Part 5 of the Local Government Act 2000 The Local Authorities (Members’ Allowances) (England) Regulations 2003. The number of councillors varies roughly in proportion to the population of the parish. Most parish councillors are elected to represent the entire parish, though in parishes with larger populations or those that cover large areas, the parish can be divided into wards. These wards then return a certain number of councillors each to the parish council (depending on their population). Only if there are more candidates standing for election than there are seats on the council will an election be held. However, sometimes there are fewer candidates than seats. When this happens, the vacant seats have to be filled by co-option by the council. When a vacancy arises for a seat mid-term, an election is only held if a certain number (usually 10) of parish residents request an election. Otherwise the council will co-opt someone to be the replacement councillor. Every Parish Council in England must adopt a code of conduct, and parish councillors must comply with its standards, enforced by the Standards Board for England.

A parish can have city status but only if that is granted by the Crown. In England, there are currently eight parishes with city status, all places with long-established Anglican cathedrals: Chichester, Ely, Hereford, Lichfield, Ripon, Salisbury, Truro and Wells.

The council of an ungrouped parish may unilaterally pass a resolution giving the parish the status of a town. The parish council becomes a "town council". Around 400 parish councils are called town councils.

Under the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007, a civil parish may now be given an "alternative style" meaning one of the following:


The chairman of a town council will have the title "town mayor" and that of a parish council which is a city will usually have the title of mayor. As a result, a parish council can also be called a town council, a community council, a village council or occasionally a city council (though most cities are not parishes but principal areas, or in England specifically metropolitan boroughs, non-metropolitan districts).

When a city or town has been abolished as a borough, and it is considered desirable to maintain continuity of the charter, the charter may be transferred to a parish council for its area. Where there is no such parish council, the district council may appoint charter trustees to whom the charter and the arms of the former borough will belong. The charter trustees (who consist of the councillor or councillors for the area of the former borough) maintain traditions such as mayoralty. An example of such a city was Hereford, whose city council was merged in 1998 to form a unitary Herefordshire. The area of the city of Hereford remained unparished until 2000 when a parish council was created for the city. The charter trustees for the City of Bath make up the majority of the councillors on Bath and North East Somerset Council.

Civil parishes do not cover the whole of England. There are none in Greater London and very few in the other conurbations. Civil parishes vary greatly in size: many cover tiny hamlets with populations of less than 100, whereas some large parishes cover towns with populations of tens of thousands. Weston-super-Mare, with a population of 71,758, is the most populous civil parish. In many cases, several small villages are in a single parish. Large urban areas are mostly unparished, as the government at the time of the Local Government Act 1972 discouraged their creation for large towns or their suburbs, but there is generally nothing to stop their establishment. For example, Birmingham has a parish, New Frankley, whilst Oxford has four, and Northampton has seven. Parishes could not however be established in London until the changing of the law in 2007 and as yet none have been established there.

The 2001 census recorded several parishes with no inhabitants. These were Chester Castle (in the middle of Chester city centre), Newland with Woodhouse Moor, Beaumont Chase, Martinsthorpe, Meering, Stanground North (subsequently abolished), Sturston, Tottington, and Tyneham. The last three had been taken over by the British Armed Forces during World War II and remain deserted.

Ancient parishes often had detached parts, exclaves and enclaves which were not joined to the rest of the parish. In some cases the detached part was in a different county. In other cases, an entire parish was in a detached part of the county to which it belonged. There were also many examples of parishes divided between two or more counties.

These anomalies were mostly fixed in the 19th century. Before civil parishes were introduced, the Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844 transferred many (but not all) parishes which were detached parts of a county to the county in which they were geographically located. The remaining detached parishes were transferred in the 1890s and in 1931. The detached part of the parish of Tetworth, Huntingdonshire, surrounded by Cambridgeshire, remained until the boundaries were changed in 1965.

Other laws, including the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act 1882, eliminated most instances of civil parishes belonging to two (or more) counties, and by 1901 Stanground in Huntingdonshire and the Isle of Ely was the sole remaining example. Stanground was split into two parishes, one in each county, in 1905.


Cavendish, Suffolk

Cavendish is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 922 people living in Cavendish.

Belstead

Belstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 189 people living in Belstead.

Rose Green

Rose Green is a hamlet in Lindsey, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Rose Green has five listed buildings.

Flinders Ranges

The Flinders Ranges are a group of mountains in South Australia. They have been listed as one of Australia's outstanding national landscapes. The were named "Flinders Range" in 1839 by explorer Edward John Eyre who was searching for an overland route from Adelaide to Port Lincoln. The ranges were home to the Adnyamathanha, an indigenous Australian people, for thousands of years. Their paintings and rock carvings can be found throughout the area. A large area is protected by the Flinders Ranges National Park. Important towns in the Flinders Ranges include Hawker, Quorn, Wilpena Pound and Leigh Creek.

Glaucoma

Glaucoma is a disease that causes damage to the eye. If a person who has glaucoma does not get help from a doctor, they will not be able to see.

This disease happens because of increased pressure in the eye. The pressure causes damage to the optic nerve. This can cause loss of vision, and may also be painful.

Sometimes, it is hard for a person to know that they have glaucoma. The vision can be lost very slowly. When sight is lost from glaucoma, it cannot be recovered.

There are two kinds of glaucoma, the kind that happens very fast, and the kind that happens slowly, over a long time.

Glaucoma is the second most common cause of blindness in the world.

There is often a hereditary tendency to glaucoma. A family history of glaucoma is a risk factor. The relative risk of having what is called "primary open-angle glaucoma" (POAG) is increased about two- to four-fold for people who have a sibling with glaucoma. Glaucoma, particularly primary open-angle glaucoma, is associated with mutations in several different genes

Also, the likelihood of it happening is different in different populations. Glaucoma is the leading cause of blindness in African Americans, who have higher rates of primary open angle glaucoma.

Tax resistance

Tax resistance is when people do not pay a tax because they are angry at how the government uses the money.

Some people are "tax resisters" because they feel bad about helping the government do bad things (like war). Some people are tax resisters to protest. Some people are tax resisters to try to cause a government to fall (like Mohandas Gandhi did in India).


Observation deck

An observation deck is a place up high where people can see things. They are usually on buildings or mountains.

List of highest mountains

ɫṲ

This is a list of the highest mountains in the world. There are at least 109 mountains on Earth that are higher than above sea level. Most of these are in central or southern Asia. It is hard to measure how tall a mountain is, so these measurements may not be exact. It is also hard to figure out if two peaks close to each other are part of the same mountain or are two different mountains.



Aye-aye

The aye-aye ("Daubentonia madagascariensis") is a lemur which lives in rain forests of Madagascar, a large island off the southeast coast of Africa.(madagascar) 

This solitary animal is nocturnal (most active at night). The aye-aye spends most of its time in trees. During the day, it sleeps in a nest in the fork of a tree. It builds the nest out of leaves and twigs. 

The aye-aye has rodent-like teeth and a special thin middle finger to get at the insect grubs under tree bark. It fills the same ecological niche as woodpeckers do elsewhere. It taps on trees to find grubs, then gnaws holes in the wood using its forward slanting incisors. Then it sticks in its middle finger to pull the grubs out. 

Lemurs are primates, and so are related to monkeys, apes, and me

Merlin

Merlin is a legendary character. He is best known as the wizard in the Arthurian legends. He was King Arthur's guide. Merlin is always a mysterious figure. He rarely gives his reasons for the things he does. Merlin was probably first written about in Welsh legend. His story is based on parts of several different real and fictional characters. Merlin is usually said to be one with nature, being the source of his enormous power. The Lady of the Lake enchanted him.


Peter Schöttel

Peter Schöttel (born 26 March 1967 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian footballer, who played for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian football team as defender.

The only club he played for was SK Rapid Wien. From 1997 till 2001 he was captain of the team. During his time with Rapid, he played in a total of 436 matches and scored four goals. For this reason he is a hero for all Rapid supporters. He was voted for the Rapid team of the century. He played for Rapid in the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final against Paris St Germain in Brussels, which Rapid lost.

He played 63 matches for the Austrian football team from 1988 to 2002. He played for them in the FIFA World Cup 1990 and 1998.

After his player career he started as coach of the amateur squad of Rapid. In 2003 he became sports manager of the club, but in 2007 he quit due to continuing criticism. He became coach of the Wiener Sportklub for one year, then manager of the First Vienna FC. Since 2009 he has been coach of SC Magna Wiener Neustadt in the Austrian Bundesliga. In 2011 he went as a new coach to his former club SK Rapid Wien.



Vim

Vim is a text editor made by Bram Moolenaar. Moolenaar publicly released Vim on November 2, 1991.

Vim stands for Vi IMproved. Vim is an improved version of the vi text editor, an editor created by Bill Joy in 1976. Vim is free, and the source code is publicly available on GitHub. It is available in multiple languages, and it works on multiple operating systems, including Windows, Linux, and macOS. Vim can be used from either a command-line interface or a graphical user interface.

While Vim can be hard to use, there are built-in commands new users can learn from reading the Vim user manual, running the :help command in Vim, or using the vimtutor command in a terminal.

Vim is widely popular because it allows users to perform many functions on a document (save, search, scroll, etc.) by pressing as few keys as possible. However, many critics argue that these keystrokes are confusing.

One can customize Vim using a .vimrc file. To add new features like keyboard shortcuts, one can use Vim script, Vim’s built-in programming language. Many Vim plugins and extensions are also available online for free.

There is an Internet turf war between programmers that prefer Vim and programmers that prefer Emacs, another common text editor.

Grito de Dolores

The Grito de Dolores ("Cry of Dolores") was the call issued by Father Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, a Catholic priest, on 16 September, 1810 in the small town of Dolores (Therefore the Grito "de Dolores"). It is also called the Grito de la Independencia or the Cry of Independence against the traditional Spanish Government, which had become catastrophically distorted by the Napoleonic invasion of the Peninsula in the preceding two years.

Hidalgo and a number of criollos were planning to fight the Spanish colonial government, but they were betrayed.

Because he was afraid to get arrested, Hidalgo made his brother Mauricio and a number of other men with guns go to the sheriff. On the night of 15 September, they made the sheriff set free the pro-independence ("people wanting to rule their own land") prisoners. They set eighty free.

The next morning, at around 6:00 am, Hidalgo ordered the church bells to be rung. He made his congregation ("people who attended his church") come together. With Ignacio Allende and Juan Aldama by his side, he spoke to the people in front of his church. He encouraged them to go against José de Iturrigaray the Spanish Viceroy. Researchers do not agree as to what exactly Hidalgo said at the time.

The Battle of Guanajuato, the first important fight in the war, happened 4 days later. Mexico's independence from Spain wouldn't be declared until September 27, 1821, after ten years of war. This happened with the declaration of the first Mexican Empire.

Every year on the night of September 15 the President of Mexico rings the bell of the National Palace in Mexico City at around eleven in the evening. After the ringing of the bell, he repeats a cry of patriotism (a Grito Mexicano) based upon the "Grito de Dolores". He calls out the names of the important heroes of the Mexican War of Independence and ends with the shout of "Viva Mexico!" (three times) from the balcony of the palace. After the shouting, he rings the bell again and waves the Flag of Mexico to the applause of the crowd in the Plaza de la Constitución. This is followed by the playing and mass singing of the Himno Nacional Mexicano, the national anthem. On the morning of September 16, or Independence Day, the national military parade starts in the Zócalo (another name for the Plaza de la Constitución). It goes past the Hidalgo Memorial and ends on the Paseo de la Reforma, Mexico City’s main boulevard.

A similar celebration happens in cities and towns all over Mexico, and in Mexican embassies and consulates worldwide, on the 15th or the 16th. The mayor or governor, ambassadors or consuls will take on the role of the president, and ring the bells, give a speech and so on.

In the 19th century, Mexican presidents in their last year in office started to come to Dolores Hidalgo for the Grito de Dolores. President Calderón went to Dolores Hidalgo as part of the bicentennial celebrations in 2010 on the 16th of September.

September 16 is Independence Day in Mexico and is considered a patriotic holiday, or fiesta patria (literally, "holiday of the Fatherland"). This day is celebrated with parades, patriotic programs, drum and bugle and marching band competitions, and other special events.


Criollo people

The Criollos (singular: Criollo) were a social class in the caste system of the overseas colonies established by Spain in the 16th century, especially in Latin America. The name was used for people of pure or mostly Spanish blood, but who were born in the colony.

The "Criollo" class was seen as lower than the "Peninsulares". Peninsulares were the people who lived in the colony, but were born in Spain. Criollos were higher status/rank than all other castes. Examples of other castes are people of mixed descent, Amerindians, and enslaved Africans.

The term Criollo is often translated into English as Creole. However, the word "creole" is also used for many ethnic groups around the world who have no historic connection to Spain or to any colonial system.

Until 1760, the Spanish colonies were ruled under laws designed by the Spanish Habsburgs. They gave the American provinces great independence. The situation changed with the Bourbon Reforms during the reign of Charles III.

Spain needed to get more money from its colonies for the European and global wars it was fighting so it could maintain the Spanish Empire. The Crown made the "Penisulares" more important, and they took over many administrative offices which had been filled by Criollos. At the same time, reforms by the Catholic Church reduced the roles and privileges of the lower ranks of the clergy, who were mostly Criollos.

By the 19th century, this unfair policy of giving people born in Spain more rights led the Criollos to rebel against Spanish rule. The revolution was also inspired by the examples of the American and French revolutions against their kings. With increasing support of the other castes, they started to fight Spain in for independence (1809–1826).

Grumman G-21 Goose

The Grumman G-21 Goose is an amphibious aircraft, which means it can land and take off on water. It was designed as an eight-seat "commuter" plane for businessmen in the Long Island area. The Goose was Grumman’s first monoplane to fly. It was also Grumman's first twin-engined aircraft as well as their first aircraft to provide commercial service. During World War II, the Goose was used to transport the US military (including the Coast Guard). It served with many other air forces. During battles, the Goose took on an increasing number of combat and training roles. It was also used after the war.

In 1936, some rich residents of Long Island, such as E. Roland Harriman, asked Grumman to build them an aircraft. They would use this aircraft to fly to New York City. The G-21 was designed after this. It was an all-metal, high-winged monoplane powered by two Pratt & Whitney R-985 Wasp Jr. nine-cylinder, air-cooled radial engines mounted on the leading edge of high-set wings. The deep fuselage served also as a hull and had hand-cranked retractable landing gear. First flight of the prototype took place on May 29, 1937.

The fuselage was very versatile. It had a lot of interior space. So it could be used as luxury or transport airliner. There were plans to market the G-21 as an amphibian airliner.



List of FIFA country codes

There are currently 211 FIFA members, each one with a different country code.

The following codes refer to countries or dependent areas that are currently not affiliated with FIFA, but whose codes either appear in the FIFA results database, or are used regularly by confederation websites.

The following codes mean countries that do not have anything to do with FIFA. Even though they are members of their local groups, these codes are not usually used by FIFA.

The following codes are obsolete because a country has ceased to exist, changed its name, changed its code, or has become part of another country.

Although most FIFA codes are the same as the International Olympic Committee country codes at the Olympic Games, there are still some changes between them:

The Lady Killer

The Lady Killer is the third studio album by American singer Cee Lo Green. It was released November 5, 2010, on Elektra Records. Salaam Remi, ELEMENT, The Smeezingtons, Fraser T. Smith, Paul Epworth, and Jack Splash produced the album. This was during 2009 to 2010.

The album was listed at number nine on the US "Billboard" 200 chart in its first week. It sold 41,000 copies in the week after its debut. Its first single, "Fuck You" did well internationally. The album has sold 337,700 copies in the United States. It has been certified platinum in the United Kingdom. Upon its release, "The Lady Killer" received positive reviews from most music critics. They praised it for its production, classicist soul music approach, and Green's singing.

Comparison of IOC, FIFA, and ISO 3166 country codes

This table compares IOC, FIFA, and ISO 3166 country codes.

Codes are shown with their last year of use.

ISO 3166

ISO 3166 is a standard made by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and it uses short codes to name all countries and some other places. People from all over the world can use the same codes; this is helpful because different languages have different names for many countries. For example, the country English-speakers call "Spain" is called "España" by Spanish-speakers. The ISO 3166 has three codes for Spain: ES, ESP, and 724. No other country has any of these codes.


Dolores Hidalgo

Dolores Hidalgo is the name of a city and the municipality around it in the north-central part of the Mexican state of Guanajuato. The full name is Dolores Hidalgo Cuna de la Independencia Nacional, which is Spanish for "Dolores Hidalgo Cradle of National Independence".

It is at , at about 1,980 meters (6,480 feet) above sea level. In the census of 2005 the city had a population of 54,843 people. The larger area of the municipality had 134,641 inhabitants. The city is directly in the middle of the municipality, which is 1,590 km² (613.9 sq mi) in size. It also includes many small communities, the largest of which is Río Laja.

Before Mexico became independent, the city was a small town known simply as Dolores. It was here that Father Miguel Hidalgo spoke his famous cry for the independence of Mexico (the "Grito de Dolores"). This was in the early hours of September 16, 1810, in front of his parish church. After Mexico achieved independence, the town was renamed "Dolores Hidalgo" in his honor. The central square of the town, in front of Father Hidalgo's historic church, is a popular tourist spot.

Today Dolores Hidalgo is known primarily for its ceramics industry. It givese work to well over half the city's population. The inexpensive and mass-produced ceramic products are sold throughout Latin America and the United States. 

Fans of ranchera and popular music visit Dolores Hidalgo for the tomb of José Alfredo Jiménez. He was one of the country's most beloved singers and songwriters. He is buried in the town cemetery.

Footballer Adolfo "El Bofo" Bautista was born here.




Cavendish

Cavendish may refer to:












Edmund Kirby Smith

Edmund Kirby Smith (May 16, 1824 – March 28, 1893) was a United States Army officer and academic. He was a general for the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Near the end of the war, he commanded all the Confederate soldiers west of the Mississippi River. He surrendered his army (gave up the fight) on May 26, 1865 at New Orleans. This was weeks after Robert E. Lee had surrendered at Appomattox. Kirby Smith was from Saint Augustine, Florida. 

General officer

A general officer is an officer who is at a high military rank, usually in the army, and in some places, the air force. "General" is used in many countries around the world, and when a country uses a different word, there is another title that is of equal rank. Admiral is the corresponding rank in a navy.

Usually an army has more than one "general officer" rank, and usually "general" is the highest of the general officer ranks.

Wilby

There is more than one place called Wilby in England:




The King of Rome

The King of Rome was a racing pigeon. It won a race from Rome, in Italy, to England. The race was in 1913. It was long. Dave Sudbury wrote a song about the pigeon. The song was recorded by June Tabor.

The bird was a type of pigeon called a blue cock. It had a ring on its leg. Written on the ring was a reference number. The number was NU1907DY168. The pigeon was owned by Charlie Hudson. He also bred the pigeon. Hudson as born in the early 1870s. He died on 13 March 1958. When he died he was 84 years old. He lived at 56 Brook Street, Derby. The house has been demolished. It was at . Hudson started pigeon racing in 1904. When the race happened, he was president and treasurer of Derby Town Flying Club. He also wrote about pigeon-racing for the "Derby Evening Telegraph".

When the bird died, Hudson gave its body to Derby Museum and Art Gallery. The museum stuffed its skin. The museum exhibit is known as "accession number DBYMU.1946/48". It has been on show at Derby and elsewhere. It has been on show at Walsall Museum. It has also been on show at Wollaton Hall. Wollaton Hall is in Nottingham. As of August 2011, the bird is back on display in Derby Museum.

Dave Sudbury wrote a song about The King of Rome. The song is also about Charlie Hudson. It says that "On the day of the big race a storm blew in. A thousand birds were swept away and never seen again". That shows how dangerous birds races can be.

The song was recorded by June Tabor. She heard Sudbury sing the song at a competition. The competition was in the late 1980s. She was a judge at the competition. Sudbury came fourth. Tabor also recorded the song. She recorded it for an album called "Aqaba". Aqaba was released in 1988.

Brian McNeill was another finalist at the competition. He said:

"The King of Rome" was head and shoulders above every other song sung on the night, and should have won.

McNeill also sang the song. A live recording is on "Live and Kicking". That is a record McNeil made in 2000. He recorded it with Iain MacKintosh.

The band Half Man Half Biscuit also played the song. But they never put it on one of their records.

The words of the song have been made into a book. The book has 32 pages. It has drawings by Hans Saefkow.


Cath Kidston

Catherine Isabel "Cath" Kidston (born 6 November 1958) is a British fashion designer, businesswoman and writer.

She owns the company Cath Kidston Limited. The company sells home furnishings and other goods. They sell in shops, online and by mail order. The company was valued at £75000000 in February 2010.

Kidston is known for designing floral patterns. She has written several books.

Kidston grew up in Hampshire. She went to a boarding school. When she was 18, she moved to London. She worked for the socialite Nicky Haslam. She later set up an interior design business with a friend. Next, she opened her own shop.

Kidston is related to nobility. Her uncle is Charles Allsop, the 6th Baron Hindlip. He used to be chairman of Christie's. His daughters are The Honourable Kirstie Allsopp and The Hon. Sofie Allsopp. They work as television presenters. They are Kidston's cousins. Both of her parents died of cancer. Kidston had breast cancer when she was 37 and has since recovered. Kidston's partner is record producer Hugh Padgham. They met when she worked as his decorator. They have a home beside the Thames in West London and another home in Gloucestershire. She has a step-daughter. She is dyslexic.

Kidston opened her first shop after recovering from breast cancer. It was in London's Holland Park. It opened in 1993. The shop sold hand-embroidered teatowels and brightly renovated furniture. Kidston later described it as a "glorified junk shop". As of April 2011, she has 41 shops and concessions in the United Kingdom. There are two more in Ireland, eleven in Japan are three in Korea. More shops are due to open in Japan and Korea.

Kidston was on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs" programme.


Password

A password is a way of authentication. It can be used as a means to identify a person. Since the password is the only way to identify a person, it has to be kept secret. A password can be static. This means it will remain the same unless the user changes it, or it rarely changes. Or a password can be dynamic. A dynamic password changes regularly and does not remain the same. One type of a dynamic password is a one-time pad that can only be used once. 
Passwords were first used in the military. This was to be able to tell who was a friend and who was an enemy when it was dark.

Modern passwords are made of characters, letters and numbers. Sometimes a password will require a minimum number of characters. Usually this is from six to eight. Some websites allow only the use of letters and numbers, but no other characters on the keyboard. Other websites advise using a combination of letters and numbers to increase the "strength" of a password. Websites also advise changing a password once a year or more often to prevent hacking. A person may be able to guess a password if it is too easy. While being typed, each letter of a password is shown as * or •.

Other ways of verifying the identity of a person include using fingerprint scanners and face detection.

Encryption is the translation of data to achieve data security. To read an encrypted string a secret key or password must be provided to decrypt it.

In systems that uses login based actions, the password can be converted to the original string if the key is provided. Hashing is a one-way function and is irreversible. 


Brute-force attacks work by calculating every possible combination that could make up a password and testing it to see if it is the correct password. As the password's length increases, the amount of time, on average, to find the correct password increases exponentially.

it includes preventing the capture of the hash of the transmitted password and protection against multiple authentication attempts in the system. Secure (encrypted) communication channels can be used to prevent interception.



Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series)

Diary of a Wimpy Kid is an ongoing series of books written by Jeff Kinney. There are nineteen books in the main series. The series is about a middle school student named Greg Heffley. The books are written in the style of Greg's diary. They contain many drawings, all with no color.

These books are about Gregory Heffley, most commonly known as Greg, who struggles with middle school and family life. Greg has one close friend named Rowley Jefferson. He goes to public school where he has multiple crushes including Holly Hills, known as Piper Elizabeth Mattews in the online version. The series is very successful, leading to many movie adaptations and popularity among children aged eight to twelve.



In 2019, a book called "Diary of an Awesome Friendly Kid: Rowley Jefferson's Journal" was released. It is a book that follows the perspective of Greg's best friend, Rowley. In 2020, another Rowley book called "Rowley Jefferson's Awesome Friendly Adventure" was published. And in 2021, one last Rowley book was published and it was called "Rowley Jefferson's Awesome Friendly Spooky Stories".

The series has six movies, each story is from the book of the same name. Two animated movies that are the reboots of Diary of a Wimpy Kid and Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules were released on Disney+, the first on December 3, 2021, and the second on December 2, 2022. A third animated movie based on Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever was released on December 8, 2023. 

Folate

Folate is a B vitamin, also called Bg or folacin. The man-made folic acid is a diet supplement which the body converts to folate.

Folate is essential for the body to make DNA and RNA, and use the amino acids needed for cell division. So this particular chemical is truly essential for life.

Folate is got by eating leafy green vegetables, legumes and organ meats. When cooking, the advice is to use steaming or a microwave oven. This keeps more folate in the cooked foods.

Thiamine

Thiamine (or thiamin) is vitamin B. It is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex. Its phosphate derivatives take part in many cellular processes. Thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) is a coenzyme in the catabolism of sugars and amino acids. 

also it can be found in Food and Manufactured Dietary supplements also in Medications Foods that provide Thiamine include whole grains, Legume 

Lack of thiamine causes beriberi.

Jure Francetić

Jure Francetić (3 July 1912 – 27/28 December 1942) was an Ustashe Commissioner of Bosnia and Herzegovina, war criminal, responsible for the lawful arrest of Bosnian Serbs

Francetić was born in Otočac on July 3, 1912. After gymnasium (high school) he went to study law at the University of Zagreb, were he joined the Ustaša movement. Soon after, he was exiled from Zagreb for five years as a result of his anti-Yugoslav political activities. He stayed in Otočac for a short time before emigrating to Italy in March 1933. He took the Ustaša oath in the Borgotaro camp on April 24, 1933, and then spent the following four years in Austria, Italy and Hungary. In Hungary he joined to the Ustashe terrorist group camp at Jankapuszta, under new, conspirative name 'Laszlo'.

After the assassination of Alexander I of Yugoslavia he was interned on Sardinia by Mussolini at the request of the Yugoslav government. After a general declaration of amnesty in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, Francetić returned to Croatia in November 1937, but was immediately arrested and exiled to his hometown. The next year Francetić returned to Zagreb hoping to complete his study of law but was forced to complete his military service instead. In late 1940 he was again arrested in Zagreb because of a congratulatory telegraph to Jozef Tiso, president of the newly formed Slovak Republic (1939–1945), signed by a number of Croat nationalists. He was again exiled to his native Otočac. After delivering an inflammatory nationalistic speech at a local school's New Year's celebration in Otočac on January 12, 1941, he escaped to Germany to avoid another arrest.

Francetić earned his only military education and officer rank while serving the Kingdom of Yugoslavia Army. He became a non-commissioned officer in the rank of sergeant. About Francetić's military experience and knowledge, his Ustashe superior Eugen Dido Kvaternik wrote: "He did not have basic military knowledge nor military education, nor did he have any talent for basic military organization.". After establishment of the Independent State of Croatia in April 1941 he and other 10 Ustašas organized the Black Legion (Croatian: Crna Legija). Jure Francetić became the leader of the Black Legion and earned the rank of colonel in the Ustaša army. Kvaternik believed that Francetić "a born guerrilla and a son of our mountainous Hercegovina" was the reason good enough to put him in the role of military leader in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In order to consolidate the Ustashe party power, much of the party work in the province he put in the hands of Catholic priests. Francetić's Ustashe took control over the local administration by dismissing all civil servants and teachers belonging to the category of "Srbijanci", as well as those who were Jews. Killings, arrests, and deportation of Serbs and Jews was a regular duty of Francetić's henchmen - based and justified by the official Ustashe policy which demanded total extermination of Jews and murder, expulsion, and conversion to the Roman Catholicism of Serb population in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Francetić participated personally in arresting and interrogations of prominent Serbian and Jewish leaders (Vaso Miskin, Albahari) and ordered the murders of some of them. He even turned his own Sarajevo apartment into the prison kitchen and laundry room.

Justification for the slaughter of Bosnian Serbs and Jews Francetic found in " the propaganda of 'the Jewish communist hydra' had succeeded in misleading a majority of the Serb Orthodox population in eastern Bosnia into committing 'criminal acts against the state' "and concluded that "the 'most drastic means' would have to be employed against them."

Ustashe's unseen cruelty and savagery applied against Serbs and Jews even prompted the German command to demand that Francetić, as the commander of the 1st Brigade Black Legion, be dismissed. Pavelić defied and promoted Francetić to commander of all Ustashe field formations. In the pre-war times about 15,000 Jews lived in Bosnia and Herzegovina. About 3,000 women and children of this number - were arrested and kept in Kruschnitze concentration camp (Bosnia). Later they will be deported to Jasenovac and Stara Gradiska concentration camps. Additional 7,000 Bosnian Jews will be deported directly to Jasenovac concentration camp.

Francetić died on December 27 or 28, 1942. While flying to Gospić on December 22, his plane was downed by Yugoslav Partisans near the village of Močile, near Slunj, which was the Partisan-held area. Both he and his pilot were immediately captured by Partisan village guards and peasants and Francetić received numerous blows with pitchforks. Severely wounded, he was taken to NOVJ General Staff Hospital where Partisan surgeons attempted to save his life in order to exchange him for inmates of Ustaše camps and prisons, but failed.

Ustashe authorities were so concerned about the effect of his death would have on supporters of their movement that the news of his death was delayed until the beginning of March 1943. Official announcement of his death came on March 31, 1943., when Ustashe declared eight days of official mourning.

Memorial plaque to this Ustashe leader was erected in Slunj (in June 2000, by Ustashe's Association of war veterans, "Hrvatski domobran") as an embrace, by those responsible, of the NDH and ethnic hatred.

In late 2004 the Croatian government ordered the removal of the memorial plaque in Slunj.

"In January 2005 in the outskirts of Split, unknown persons erected overnight a memorial to Francetic and Budak-to show the extreme right's anger at Sanader's betrayal of the Ustasha cause and the prime minister's cooperation with ICTY"



Red huckleberry

Red huckleberry (Vaccinium parvifolium) is a species of "Vaccinium," a flowering plant. It grows in North America. There, it is often found in forests from southeastern Alaska and British Columbia, through western Washington and Oregon to central California. In the Oregon Coast Range, it is the most-seen "Vaccinium".

Red huckleberry is a shrub. It grows to tall. The fruit grown on the plant is a berry which can be eaten. It can be from to in diameter.

Ōkuma, Fukushima

The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was built in Okuma.

The area was evacuated because of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011.

According to the "New York Times" in 2013, the people of Ōkuma, like many other communities in Fukushima, are "starting to come to terms with a sobering realization: their old homes are probably lost forever, and they must start anew elsewhere."

The people who used to live in Ōkuma are called "nuclear refugees".

There are three towns, one village, one city, and one district next to Ōkuma.

A sister city relationship was established with Bathurst, New South Wales in Australia.



José Martí

José Julián Martí Pérez (January 28, 1853 – May 19, 1895) was a Cuban patriot, freedom fighter and poet. Although he never lived to see Cuba free, he is considered the national hero.

Jose Marti was born in Havana in 1853. At age sixteen he was imprisoned for opposing Spanish colonial rule during the Ten Years War (1868-1878) and later he was exiled to Spain. There he published a pamphlet exposing the horrors of political imprisonment in Cuba, which he himself had experienced.

In 1878 he returned to Cuba under a general amnesty and worked for a law firm, but he conspired against the Spanish authorities and again was banished to Spain in September 1879. He fled exile in Spain and came first to France and then to the United States. Marti went back to New York where he lived from 1881 to 1895.

Rock cycle

The rock cycle is how rocks of one kind change into rocks of another kind.

There are three main kinds of rocks: igneous rock, metamorphic rock, and sedimentary rock. Each of these rocks can change into the other kinds by physical processes: cooling, melting, heat, weathering/erosion, compacting (squeezing tightly together), cementing, and pressure.

When heated deep under ground, rocks become magma (liquid rock). Above ground, it is called lava. Sediment, the particles from rock erosion and weathering, is the basis for sedimentary rock of the future.

Igneous rock is hardened magma, which can happen above or below ground. It can melt into magma, erode into sediment, or be pressed tightly together to become metamorphic.

Metamorphic rock is igneous or sedimentary rock that has been heated and squeezed. It can erode into sediment or melt into magma. It is formed under extreme pressure and temperature deep inside mountain chains.

Sedimentary rock is compacted sediments which can come from any of the other rocks, plus remains of living things. It can erode back into sediment, or be pressurized into metamorphic rock and can be melted to magma, which forms igneous rocks.

These processes can occur in different orders, and the cycle goes on forever. Earth has several processes for changing rocks. Wind and water can create sediment from rocks, and movement of one tectonic plate against another creates enormous heat and pressure which affects rocks greatly. Subduction converts all kinds into magma, which eventually rejoins the cycle as igneous rocks.

Herbert Prohaska

Herbert Prohaska (born 8 August 1955 in Vienna, Austria) is a retired Austrian football player. He is among Austria's greatest football players of all time. His nickname "Schneckerl", Viennese dialect for curly hair, comes from his curly haircut in his younger years. He works as an analyst for Austrian television and writes for Austria's most popular newspaper.

Prohaska was born into a working class family. His father was a worker and his mother cleaned rooms. His father was coach of a youth team of Vorwärts XI. Here Prohaska started his career at the age of 9, then he played for the minor league club SC Ostbahn XI in Vienna. Then he went on to FK Austria Wien and became a professional player. He played at the age of 16 for the first team of Austria Wien. Between 1972 and 1980 he won four Austrian league titles and three cups. In 1980 he went to Italy where he played for Inter Milan and later for AS Roma. In Italy he won the championship with Inter and the cup with Roma. From 1983 to 1989 he played for FK Austria Wien and won another three championships and one cup. He retired from playing football in 1989.

Shortly afterwards he became coach of Austria Wien an won the championship twice. 1993 he became coach of the football national team. His biggest success was the qualification for the FIFA World Cup in 1998 as winner of the group stage. 1999 he resigned after a 0:9 defeat versus Spain. But in his era the team was number 17 in the FIFA team ranking, a place which could not reach another team coach ever since. From 1999 till 2000 he was again coach of Austria Wien.

After the end of his football career he became an analyst for Austrian Television (ORF) and he wrote for the newspaper "Kronen-Zeitung". In 2011 he was elected "Austria Wien player of the century".

From 1974 to 1989 he played 84 matches for Austria and scored 12 goals. One of his goals, against Turkey, helped Austria to qualify for the 1978 FIFA World Cup.

Player:
Coach:



Won Gyun

General Won Gyun (; 6 January 1540 - 19 June 1597) was a general and politician of the Joseon dynasty.

Won Gyun was born in Pyungtaek, in Gyeonggi, Joseon dynasty on January 6, 1540. He became a warrior at the late age of 29. When he arrived in Kyungsang-do province as the navy commander of western part of Jeolla-do province in 1592, he predicted the war with Japan. He disciplined the navy tightly and made the turtle ship, which had at least five different types of cannon and had a fully covered deck with iron spikes to shield from cannon fire and attempts to board the ship, for preparation of the war.

In the early days of the war he was successful. At the Battle of Chilchonryang, in 1597 most of Joseon Navy's ships were destroyed and he was killed. 


Twicket

Twicket was a village cricket match. It was shown live on the Internet. It could be watched form anywhere on the world. That happened on Easter Monday, 25 April 2011. The organisers did that to show that very fast broadband is useful. Very fast broadband helps community groups to upload content to the web. The organisers says Twicket was the first village cricket match ever to be streamed online.

Twicket is a made up word. The "Tw" is from Twitter. The "icket" is from Cricket.

There were reports about Twicket on BBC television news, on BBC Radio London, on TalkSport, and on Radio New Zealand.

It was written about by "The Guardian", and "Metro".

It was mentioned on Twitter by Stephen Fry, the BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones and Jonathan Agnew. Agnew is the BBC's cricket correspondent.

John Popham is a consultant. He decided to show Twicket online after seeing two comments on Twitter. In the first comment, Dan Slee said he wanted to see news about his a local village cricket team on Twitter.

Then, Chris Conder mentioned that she was testing a new 30Mbps, symmetrical internet connection. "Symmetrical internet" means that the upload speed is as fast as the download speed. Conder lives in a village called Wray. Wray is in Lancashire, England. The connection was installed in Wray by Lancaster University Wray is one of only three villages in the UK to have a symmetrical community network.

Conder told Popham that a special cricket match was going to be played in Wray. The match was part of the village’s Scarecrow Festival. The Scarecrow Festival happens every year. The match was between Wray and a team called "The Rest of the World".

Popham said:

I'm confident we can do this, because the village Wi-Fi has a 30Mbps upload speed ... It's a bit of fun, but it has a serious purpose too. The serious side is to demonstrate that it can be done, it possible to live broadcast events like this using relatively cheap equipment and a good internet connection. It will also demonstrate the importance of good internet connectivity in rural areas, and the need for fast connections if we are to realise the aspiration to use the internet to enable more people to produce their own content.

The match was 20 overs per side. This is called the Twenty20 format. There was an extra rule that said that any batsman who scored 20 runs had to retire. Wray won the toss. They decided to bowl first. After 20 overs, The Rest of the World had scored 69 runs and lost 5 wickets. That meant that Wray needed 70 runs off 20 overs. Wray managed to do that. Their final runs were a six. Wray won in their eleventh over. They won by 8 wickets.

After the cricket match, there was a tug o'war contest. It was also streamed live. The rest of the world won. Interviews with some of the cricket players and other people were also shown on the internet.

The event was streamed on a website called Bambuser. Technical support was provided by a company from Birmingham called Aquila TV. Aquila used two Sony Z1 cameras and a DSR 350 camera. The most people watching at once was 2,733.

A separate sound-only commentary was broadcast on-line, by Radio Youthology. Radio Youthology are also from Birmingham. 1,780 people listened to the Radio Youthology commentary. That was Radio Youthology's biggest audience ever.

A BBC North West television news crew also went to the match. They made a short film. It was broadcast the same evening.

The hashtag for the event was #twicket. It was trending on Twitter just before the end of the match.


Dustin Brown

Dustin James Brown (born November 4, 1984 in Ithaca, New York) is an American former professional ice hockey right winger. He played a total of 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire NHL career with the Los Angeles Kings. He served as the Kings captain from 2008 until 2016.

He was picked by the Kings with the 13th overall pick in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. He also played 3 seasons of junior hockey with the Guelph Storm of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was on the Team USA's men's ice hockey team in the 2010 Winter Olympics where they won the silver medal.

On April 5, 2022, Brown announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey at the end of the season. On February 11, 2023, Brown was honoured in a ceremony where the Kings retired his jersey number #23 and created a statue of him outside the team's arena.



Mexican War of Independence

The Mexican War of Independence (1810–1821) was a war between the people of Mexico and the Spanish colonial government. It started on the 16th of September 1810 since Mexican-born Spaniards ("criollo people"), Mestizos and Amerindians wanted their independence from Spain.

The idea of Mexican independence went back to the years after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire. Martín Cortés led a revolt against the Spanish government.

After the Conspiracy of the Machetes failed in 1799, the War of Independence really started with the Grito de Dolores in 1810. Spain was busy fighting for its independence against the invading First French Empire during the Peninsular War and most of Latin America revolted.

Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, was a Mexican priest and a member of a group of educated "Criollos" in Querétaro. They met in "tertulias" (salons) and decided in 1810 that a revolt against the colonial government was needed because Napoleon I had replaced the King of Spain with a French foreigner. Hidalgo worked closely with Ignacio de Allende, a nobleman with military training, for a battle in December 1810.

They were betrayed by a member of the group. Hidalgo turned to his parishioners in the town of Dolores. Around 6:00 a.m. on September 16, 1810, he declared independence from the Spanish crown and war against the government in what was known as the "Grito de Dolores". The revolutionary army decided to fight for independence and marched on to Guanajuato, which was a major colonial mining center that was governed by Spaniards and criollos.

There, the leaders of the "Citizens' Army," which was poorly organized, locked themselves in the granary and killed most of the Spaniards and Criollos who were there. That included high-ranking nobles and supporters of the fight for independence, which caused Hidalgo and Allende to fight with each other.

Allende no longer wanted to fight alongside Hidalgo and left with his soldiers.

On October 30, Hidalgo's army fought the Spanish resistance at the Battle of Monte de las Cruces and won.

In January 1811, Spanish forces fought the Battle of the Bridge of Calderón and won. That made the rebels flee towards the United States-Mexican border, where they hoped to escape, but they were caught by the Spanish Army.

Hidalgo and what was left of his army were caught in the state of Coahuila at the Wells of Baján. He had a trial done by the Spanish Inquisition on 30 July 1811 and was executed.

After Hidalgo's death of Father Hidalgo, the leadership of the revolutionary army was taken over by José María Morelos. Under his leadership, the cities of Oaxaca and Acapulco were taken. In 1813, the Congress of Chilpancingo had its first meeting. On 6 November, the Congress signed the first official document of independence, known as the Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America.

A long war followed at the Siege of Cuautla. In 1815, Morelos was caught by Spanish colonial authorities. He was put on trial and executed for treason in San Cristóbal Ecatepec on 22 December.
By the early 1820s, the independence movement was close to collapsing. Two of its main leaders had been executed, and the rebels could not easily fight the well-organized Spanish military. Also, many of the most influential criollos did not care any more. The violence of the unorganized army of Hidalgo and Morelos was not liked. The Mexicans wanted a better and less bloody way to get their independence.

In December 1820, Viceroy Juan Ruiz de Apodaca sent a force led by a royalist criollo officer, Colonel Agustín de Iturbide, to fight in Oaxaca. Iturbide was famous for the way in which he went after the rebels during the early independence struggle.

The fight at Oaxaca came at the same time as successful military coup in Spain against the monarchy of Ferdinand VII. Ferdinand was forced to reinstate the liberal Spanish Constitution of 1812. When that news reached Mexico, Iturbide saw it as an opportunity for the criollos to gain control of Mexico. After clashing with Guerrero's forces, Iturbide switched sides. He invited the rebel leader to meet to discuss a new independence struggle.

In the town of Iguala, Iturbide created three rules, or "guarantees," for Mexican independence from Spain:

He made his troops accept these rules, which are known as the Plan of Iguala. Iturbide then persuaded Guerrero to join his forces in support of the new independence. A new army, the Army of the Three Guarantees, was placed under Iturbide's command to enforce the plan. It was so broad that it pleased both patriots and loyalists. The goal of independence and the protection of Roman Catholicism brought together all factions.

Iturbide's army was joined by rebel forces from all over Mexico. When the rebels' victory became certain, the viceroy resigned. On August 24, 1821, representatives of the Spanish crown and Iturbide signed the Treaty of Córdoba, which recognized Mexican independence under the terms of the plan of Iguala.

On September 27, the Army of the Three Guarantees entered Mexico City. The next day, Iturbide proclaimed the independence of the Mexican Empire.

On the night of May 18, 1822, a mass of people marched through the streets. They demanded for Iturbide to accept the throne. The next day, the Congress declared Iturbide emperor of Mexico.



Joe Sakic

Joseph Steven Sakic (born July 7, 1969 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre. Sakic played 20 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Quebec Nordiques/Colorado Avalanche organizations. Sakic was able to win the Stanley Cup in 1996 and 2001.

He retired from playing professional ice hockey on July 9, 2009. The Colorado Avalanche retired his jersey number #19 with a "C" to represent his lengthy service as team captain on October 1, 2009. Sakic was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame along with Adam Oates, Pavel Bure and Mats Sundin in 2012.

He was a fan favourite in his hometown of Burnaby and even had a street named "Joe Sakic Way" in his honour. In British Columbia he is affectionately known as "Burnaby Joe".


Ron Francis

Ronald Michael Francis, Jr. (born March 1, 1963 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre that played 24 seasons and 1,805 career games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Hartford Whalers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Carolina Hurricanes and Toronto Maple Leafs organizations. He won a Stanley Cup in 1990 and in 1991 with the Penguins. His jersey number #10 was retired and raised to the rafters of the Hartford Civic Center on January 6, 2006 and is also retired by the Carolina Hurricanes. His picture could be seen on the Pittsburgh Penguins Ring of Honor at the Mellon Arena before the team relocated to Consol Energy Center. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2009.


Alexander Mogilny

Alexander Gennadevitch Mogilny (born February 18, 1969) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Buffalo Sabres, New Jersey Devils, Toronto Maple Leafs and Vancouver Canucks organizations. He won a gold medal at the 1988 Winter Olympics with the Soviet Union hockey team. He won a Stanley Cup in 2000 with the Devils. He was named a member of the Buffalo Sabres Hall of Fame on January 1, 2011.


Frank Boucher

François Xavier Boucher (October 7, 1901 – December 12, 1977) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre that played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the New York Rangers and Ottawa Senators organizations. He won a Stanley Cup in 1928 and in 1933 with the Rangers. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958. He was named #61 in The Hockey News' list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players.

Elwin Romnes

Elwin Nelson "Doc" Romnes (January 1, 1909 – July 21, 1984) was an American professional ice hockey left winger and centre who played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks, New York Americans and Toronto Maple Leafs organizations. He won a Stanley Cup in 1934 and in 1938 with the Black Hawks. He also won the Lady Byng Trophy in 1936.

Marty Barry

Martin J. "Goal-a-Game" Barry (December 8, 1904 – August 20, 1969) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens and New York Americans organizations. He won a Stanley Cup in 1936 and in 1937 with the Red Wings. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1965. He died from a heart attack on August 20, 1969.

Provincial Assembly of Sindh

The Provincial Assembly of the Sindh is a unicameral house of elected representatives of people of Sindh established under Article 106 of the 1973 Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Under this article, the total number of seats for the Assembly through direct vote is 168, of which 30 seats are reserved for women and 8 seats for non-Muslims.

Open Handset Alliance

The Open Handset Alliance, also called OHA by many people, is a business alliance. It includes 80 companies to help improve open standards for mobile phones. Members of this include Google, HTC, Sony, Dell, Intel, Motorola, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments, Samsung, LG, T-Mobile, Nvidia, and Wind River Systems.

The OHA was started on 5 November 2007 by Google and 34 other companies. The companies included mobile phone manufacturers, application developers, mobile network operators and processor makers.

Android is the main software of the alliance.


Plausible deniability

Plausible deniability are words first used by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) during the Kennedy administration. In that case it meant not to tell senior government officials about illegal CIA activities. These officials could then defend themselves if the activities were discovered. They would be able to say quite plausibly, and perhaps truthfully, that they did not know anything about it (deniability). It meant that actions of the CIA could not be blamed on the President of the USA.

The concept is tied up with the idea of a "paper trail", whereby journalists find evidence of orders or discussions between senior officials and agents doing the forbidden acts. Interceptions of phone messages or e-mail messages may also be evidence of wrongdoing by officials. If there is no definite evidence of wrongdoing by an official, then his/her denial can be taken as sincere. The denial is "plausible" (or, at least, "might" be true). That achieves one of the main goals of public relations: for officials at least not to be caught red-handed doing something illegal. The effect of officials being caught red-handed can be extremely serious: see Watergate scandal.

Plausible deniability refers to the denial of blame in (formal or informal) chains of command. Senior people may give indirect and vague orders. For example, Henry II "Who will rid me of this turbulent priest?" or even less direct "Someone should do something about that". The intended message is understood. Later, when the deed is done, the higher man can say "I never intended that to happen". 

Plausible deniability is achieved when no records are kept of any instructions. It becomes impossible to find out who was responsible for the actions taken. If these activities become public, high-ranking officials may deny any knowledge of such act or any connection to the people used to carry out such acts. It usually means that it has been planned in advance, setting up the conditions to avoid responsibility for future actions or knowledge.

Citroën C5

The Citroën C5 is a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the Citroën Xantia in 2001, and entered its second generation in 2008. Like the Xantia before it, it's available as a hatchback or an estate. In 2021, Citroen revived the nameplate with the "C5 X" crossover SUV-styled station wagon.

Robert Sara

Robert Sara (born 9 June 1946) is a former Austrian football player. He played as defender for FK Austria Wien and in the Austrian national team.

He played from 1965 to 1984 for FK Austria Wien. With 571 matches he is the player who has played most matches in the league since football was played in Austria. During his long career he won 8 times the Austrian Championship and 6 times the Austrian Cup. He also played in the 1978 Cup Winner's Cup Final which FK Austria lost 0:4 against Anderlecht.

His first match for Austria was in October 1965 against Romania. He played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup, where he was captain of the team. He played 55 times for Austria and shot 3 goals. His last match was in May 1980 a friendly match against Argentina.



Austrian Cup

The Austrian Cup (German: ÖFB-Cup) is an football (soccer) competition held by the Austrian Football Association, the ÖFB. It was played by male teams. For women there is the ÖFB-LadiesCup. Although it has a long tradition the Cup never played an important role in Austrian football.
The Austrian Cup emerged from the Lower Austria Cup (Niederösterreichischen Cup, held 1915–1918). The first cup was played 1919 and was held since then each year. Only from 1938 to 1945 it was suspended, because Austria was a part of Nazigermany. Also from 1950 till 1958 there was no competition because the ÖFB was not interested in. In 2008 the clubs of the Bundesliga and the first division did not take part due to the UEFA Euro 2008.

<HR>
<HR>
<HR>
<HR>

Notes:



Angry Anderson

Gary Stephen "Angry" Anderson AM (born 5 August 1947) is an Australian rock singer, television presenter/reporter and actor. He is best known as the vocalist with the hard rock band Rose Tattoo, and for his composition in the song "Suddenly" in 1987.

Airstone

An airstone is an article made of soft stone, porous wood, or another material that allows air to be blown through it to produce bubbles in water. The air is blown through the stone by a tube placed inside the stone and attached to an electric pump. 

An airstone can be used in an aquarium (a tank or container for keeping fish) or a tank of water where plants are growing in a hydroponics system.The airstone is used to blow bubbles into water to increase the amount of oxygen in the water. The stone may have very small holes to make fine bubbles or it may have bigger holes to make larger bubbles.

Prem Nazir

Prem Nazir (born Abdul Khader; 7 April 1926 - 16 January 1989) was an Indian actor. He acted mainly in movies made in the Malayalam language. He started his career in the 1950s. He was one of the biggest stars in Indian cinema and is fondly remembered as Evergreen Hero. He acted in lead roles in more than 600 movies, which is a world record. He also holds three more Guinness world records. He got the Padma Bhushan, Padma Shri and Kerala State Film Awards.

Vermiculite

Vermiculite is a phyllosilicate mineral that is dug out of the ground in China, South Africa, Russia and Brazil. When it is dug from the ground it is a hard rock. Vermiculite gets bigger when it is heated and changes into a material that looks like worms. This was first done in the United States of America in the year 1824.

When Vermiculite has changed into small grains it is a very good material for insulation and is used to stop the escape of heat in things like ovens, furnaces and houses in cold countries. It is also very good at holding water so it is used in the soil of plants in pots and helping to grow seeds.

Because the Vermiculite grains are spongy (they can be pressed flat and then they open again) but not hard they are used inside cases or boxes to protect articles from breakage when they are being transported.

Vermiculite is also used in hydroponics as a material for the roots of plants to hold on to.

Because it does not burn Vermiculite is used with other materials in fillings in walls or ceilings (the roof of a room) to stop the spread of fire.

Although vermiculite is not a form of asbestos, it is often contaminated with asbestos. Any vermiculite insulation found in a building should be treated as containing asbestos until confirmed otherwise by a laboratory.

Food politics

Food politics is a term used to refer to the political aspects of the production and distribution of food. A state can also regulate what kinds of food may be grown, and that the food grown needs to be checked before it can be sold, or that it needs to be handled in certain ways. The state can also fix prices for certain kinds of food, or it may exclude certain groups of people from consuming it. That way, children are usually not allowed to drink alcohol, or to smoke cigarettes.

Maurice &quot;Rocket&quot; Richard Trophy

The Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy, sometimes known as the Maurice Richard Trophy is a trophy in the National Hockey League awarded to the leading goal scorer each year. It was first awarded in 1998. The trophy is named after hockey legend, Maurice "Rocket" Richard. The current holder of the trophy is Alexander Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.




Mike Bossy

Michael Dean Bossy (January 22, 1957 – April 14, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) all with the New York Islanders organization. He won the Stanley Cup 4 straight times from the 1979-80 to 1982-83 NHL seasons. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1991. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Bossy died on April 14, 2022 in Montreal from lung cancer, aged 65.

Brett Hull

Brett Andrew Hull (born August 9, 1964 in Belleville, Ontario) is a retired professional American-Canadian ice hockey right winger that played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Calgary Flames, St. Louis Blues, Dallas Stars, Detroit Red Wings and Phoenix Coyotes organizations. He won the Stanley Cup 2 times, once in 1999 with the Dallas Stars and once in 2002 with the Detroit Red Wings. He won a silver medal with Team USA at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2009. His father is Bobby Hull and he is the nephew of Dennis Hull. He was nicknamed "The Golden Brett" which was a play off of his father's nickname, "The Golden Jet". In his 90 games played for the University of Minnesota - Duluth, he registered 84 goals and 60 assists for 144 points. Brett Hull also had a very good shot. His shooting accuracy was compared to Wayne Gretzky's.

Sonic Adventure 2

Sonic Adventure 2 is a platform video game released for the Dreamcast in 2001. This game is the sequel to "Sonic Adventure". In 2002, a remake of the game, "Sonic Adventure 2: Battle", was released for the Nintendo GameCube. The game was the tenth best selling GameCube game of all time. 


The levels for Sonic and Shadow are the classic "Get to the Goal" levels. They are very agile and can use shortcuts made by enemies and later, Rings. They have the ability to become Super, using the Chaos Emeralds. The levels are very similar to the original Sonic the Hedgehog game, except of course it is three dimensional.

These two are also "Get to the Goal" levels. A difference from Sonic and Shadow's levels are that they are "mech", in other words they use machines to move around. They fire bullets from their Cannons.

These levels are treasure hunting levels, where they have to find Master Emerald shards, Chaos Emeralds (in Rouge's case), or Door Keys.

Sylvester the Cat

Sylvester James Pussycat, Sr. is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros. cartoons. Sylvester is a tuxedo cat (bicolor) and is the main rival of Tweety Bird. He first appeared in Life with Feathers on March 24, 1945. He was created by Friz Freleng. Sylvester's name is a play on the word, "Felis silvestris" which is a scientific name for the wild cat species although Sylvester is a domestic cat. He was voted as #33 on TV Guide's list of 50 best cartoon characters along with Tweety. 

He has a son named Sylvester Jr. who first appeared in Pop 'im Pop on 1949. Sylvester Jr. is usually seen with Sylvester in the cartoons when Sylvester is trying to catch a baby kangaroo named Hippety Hopper who he often mistakes for a mouse to prove a point to his son.

Reg Fleming

Reginald Stephen Fleming (April 21, 1936 - July 11, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger that played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins, New York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers and Buffalo Sabres organizations. He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1960. He was known for his grit and team spirit and was also involved in a number of notorious incidents which gave him a reputation around the league as a tough customer and an intense competitor and earned him the nickname, "Reggie, The Ruffian". He died on July 11, 2009 in Arlington Heights, Illinois from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (C.T.E.) which made him the first hockey player to be tested for the disease, it had only been mainly associated with boxing and American football.

Chico Maki

Ronald "Chico" Maki (August 17, 1939 – August 24, 2015) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a career total of 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played all of his NHL career with the Chicago Black Hawks. He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961. 

Tuomas Grönman

Tuomas Oskar Grönman (born 22 March 1974 in Viitasaari, Finland) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 2 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Blackhawks and Pittsburgh Penguins organizations. He also played in the SM-Liiga for TPS, Lukko and Jokerit. He won a bronze medal with Team Finland at the 1998 Winter Olympics.


Wayne Simmonds

Wayne Simmonds (born August 26, 1988 in Scarborough, Ontario) is an Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Los Angeles Kings, Philadelphia Flyers, Nashville Predators, New Jersey Devils.

He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings with the 61st overall pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. He also played in the OHL with the Owen Sound Attack and Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds. He is African American and is one of a small number of black hockey players in the league.

Joel Ward

Joel Ward (born December 2, 1980 in North York, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Minnesota Wild for one season and the Nashville Predators for three seasons before signing a four-year contract worth $12 million with the Washington Capitals on July 1, 2011. He is African American and is one of a small number of black hockey players in the league.

Peter Le Lievre

Peter Le Lievre (1812 – 1878) was a Guernsey Artist, Wine Merchant and Militia Officer.

Peter Le Lievre was educated at Elizabeth College, he never married and lived all his life at 17 Hauteville, St Peter Port with his two sisters.

Although known today as an artist Le Lievre was better known in his day as a businessman, and as the Lt Col of the Artillery Regiment in the Guernsey Militia. He did however design two lighthouses for St Peter Port harbour, and some of his works were published in his lifetime. It was only after the death of his sister Mary in 1904 that his works were exhibited publicly. His work has gained in popularity since then. In June 2010 a Blue Plaque to commemorate his life was unveiled at 17 Hauteville.


Blue plaque

The blue plaque scheme is a way for remembering the links between famous people and buildings by placing commemorative plaques on the walls. The scheme was started by the Royal Society of Arts in London, and the very first plaques was, in fact, of red terracotta placed on the outside of a former home of Lord Byron (since demolished). 

The Society erected 36 plaques between 1866 - 1901, responsibility for them was transferred to the London County Council (1901-65) (which changed the colour of the plaques to the current blue) and later the Greater London Council (1965-86) and most recently English Heritage. Similar schemes are now operated in all the member countries of the United Kingdom. 

English Heritage looks after the Blue plaque scheme in the London Boroughs. Similar schemes exist outside London, run by each local authority. The system has been adopted outside the United Kingdom too, for example, in June 2010 a Blue Plaque was put on the home of Guernsey artist Peter Le Lievre.

Denial Bay

Denial Bay is the name for both a small bay on the coast of South Australia, and a small fishing town built at the bay. The bay was named by explorer Matthew Flinders on 7 February 1802. Flinders had hoped that bay was bigger and would have provided better access into the inland of South Australia. One of the first European settlers was a sheep farmer, William McKenzie, who built a house in the area in 1889. The town was known as Mac's Town, and in 1910 the government officially named it McKenzie. In 1940 it was named Denial Bay.

Burhou

Burhou (pronounced bu-ROO) is a small island approximately northwest of Alderney that is part of the Channel Islands. No one lives on Burhou, and it is a bird sanctuary, so landing there is banned from 15 March to 27 July. The island's wildlife includes a colony of puffins (declining in numbers) and large numbers of rabbits.

It has no landing stage as such, but visitors use a small inlet. In rough weather it may be impossible to land.

The Guernsey botanist E.D. Marquand called it, "the most desolate and lonely of all the islands in our archipelago." He had to spend the night there, as his return journey was delayed by fog.

The 1906 book, "The Channel Pilot" states -

The States of Alderney member, John Beaman has political responsibility for the island.

Burhou, like many other Channel Islands (e.g. Lihou, Jethou), has the Norman suffix "-hou", meaning a small island, from the Old Norse "holmr". According to Dr. S.K. Kellet-Smith, "bur" refers to a storehouse - "Burhou is just the place where a fisherman would place a depository for his gear".

Signs of human occupation/visitation are much older. Flint flakes have been found on the island, and one is currently in the Alderney Museum. In 1847, F.C. Lukis found two standing stones, but these have since been lost, according to the archaeologist David Johnston.

According to the Assize Roll of the 14th century, Burhou was a rabbit warren, and a refuge for fishermen. This would have meant that there would have been some kind of shelter there, as it would be difficult for the fishermen to take refuge without it.

A hut was built on the island in 1820 as a shelter for fishermen and sailors at the instigation of General Le Mesurier (The Governor), but was destroyed during the German occupation of the Channel Islands (the Nazis used it for target practice during WWII). The hut was replaced in 1953, with basic accommodation which is rented out to visitors by Alderney Harbour Office.

Attempts have been made to raise sheep there. In 1900, a French couple lived there for a year. The soil is thin, and spray often goes right over the island, so the soil is very salty. The island has no fresh water supply for much of the year, and has to rely on shipments, or formerly tanks.

The island's animals are mainly birds, although rabbits are long established here. The island has many puffins and some storm petrels. Although the latter have declined, they used to nest in the cottage's storm loft. Roderick Dobson in "Birds of the Channel Islands" said that puffins had been plentiful for over a century. The "Birds of Guernsey" (1878) by Cecil Smith states likewise. The puffins have had to compete with gulls, and in 1949, hundreds died from red mite infestation. The rabbit holes on the island make good nesting for them.

Amongst the plants noted here are sea spurry, forget-me-nots, scarlet pimpernel, field bugloss, bracken and nettles. E.D. Marquand counted 18 species of plant here in 1909, but by the late twentieth century Frances Le Sueur and David McClintock found 45, which they wrote up in the "Transactions of La Société Guernesiaise"




Oscillation

Oscillation is when something "vibrates", or repeats the same pattern. Many things in nature move back-and-forth or up-and down when pushed or struck. In time, natural oscillators slow down and stop because of friction.



Ortac

Ortac is a small uninhabited islet about 5 km West of the coast of Alderney near to the islet of Burhou. It measures about 50 by 70 metres (160 by 230 ft).

A.H. Ewen thinks that the rock's name meant "large rock at the edge" from the Norman language "Or" (edge) + "Etac" (Stack). Alexander Deschamps said that the French used to call it "the Eagle's Nest".

Ortac and Alderney, along with the Casquets, are part of the same sandstone ridge.

Paul Naftel, a Guernsey artist, drew Ortac, and the drawing appeared in Ansted & Latham's book, "The Channel Islands" (1862). The writers themselves commented -

If the sea bottom, which is in very few parts as much as 20 fathoms deep, were elevated 120 feet (37 m), the island of Alderney, the Burhou and Ortac group, and the Casquets would be connected by low land, and form a narrow island around 12 miles (19 km) long.

The 1906 book, "The Channel Pilot" states -

Between Ortac, Verte Tête and Burhou Island, are scattered many dangerous rocks, and ledges among which the streams run with great velocity.

It also supposedly contains a cave known as "the Oven".

Victor Hugo, who lived on Guernsey, and who wrote much about the Channel Islands says in his novel, "The Laughing Man" ("L'Homme qui Rit"):

"...on the port bow arose, standing stark, cut out on the background of mist, a tall opaque mass, vertical, right-angled, a tower of the abyss. It was the Ortac rock. The Ortac, all of a piece, rises up in a straight line to eighty feet above the angry beating of the waves... An immovable cliff, it plunges its rectilinear planes apeak into the numberless serpentine coils of the sea. At night it stands an enormous block, resting on the folds of a huge black sheet. In time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is 'the thunderclap'...""To be wrecked on the Casquets is to be cut into ribbons; to strike on the Ortac is to be crushed into powder... On a straight frontage, such of that of the Ortac, neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it, and is lost..."

Meanwhile, in another work, "The Toilers of the Sea" ("Les Travailleurs de la mer"), he mentions the curious anecdote that Ortac was inhabited by Saint Malo:

"The Norman fishermen who frequent the Channel have many precautions to take at sea, by reason of the illusions with which Satan environs them. It has long been an article of popular faith that Saint Maclou inhabited the great square rock called Ortac, in the sea between Alderney and the Casquets; and many old sailors used to declare that they had often seen him there, seated and reading a book. Accordingly the sailors, as they passed, were in the habit of kneeling many times before the Ortac rock, until the day when the fable was destroyed, and the truth took its place. For it has been discovered, and is now well established, that the lonely inhabitant Of the rock is not a saint, but a devil. This evil spirit, whose name is Jochmus, had the impudence to pass himself of; for many centuries as Saint Maclou. Even the Church herself is not proof against snares of this kind. The demons Ragubel, Oribel, and Tobiel were regarded as saints until the year 745, when Pope Zachary, having at length exposed them, turned them out of saintly company. This sort of weeding of the saintly calendar is certainly very useful; but it can only be practiced by very accomplished judges of devils and their ways."

Ortac is noted for its large gannet colony. This is of fairly recent origin. On 19 June 1940, Major J.A.A. Wallace was preparing for the evacuation of Alderney, and went there to inspect the kittiwake colony. He found only one gannet. He found none on Les Etacs off Alderney. Now both swarm with the birds.

In 1979, a mission with two naval helicopters was launched to remove nets and rubbish used in nests and which were trapped.

Romeo 41 is an Airway over the English Channel from the Channel Islands Control Area to the Solent Control Area. There is a reporting point named ORTAC at southern boundary between Romeo 41 and the Channel Islands Control Zone. Its position is 49° 59' 57N, 2° 0' 18W, which is about 30 miles north-north-east of Alderney. This is not coincident with the islet named Ortac, but its name is undoubtedly derived from the islet. 

Many Standard Instrument Approach and Departure Procedures into Channel Islands airports use ORTAC as part of the procedure. A typical clearance for an Aurigny flight from Alderney to Southampton will read as follows:
"Ayline 123: your clearance is to the Northern Zone boundary via ORTAC, on track Romeo 41."

5.56×45mm NATO

The 5.56×45mm NATO round, pronounced "five-five-six", is an intermediate cartridge and the main bullet type used by guns made for NATO militaries. It was first used in the Vietnam War as the main bullet used by the US military. 

Early in the Vietnam War, the main gun used by American soldiers was the M14. Many soldiers complained that the 7.62mm NATO round used by the M14 was too heavy and that the gun kicked back too hard to shoot accurately when shooting in full-automatic fire. To solve this problem, the US military decided replace the M14 and the 7.62mm NATO by creating a new rifle that would shoot lighter bullets with less kickback. That gun would be the M16A1, the first standard issue gun to fire the 5.56mm NATO bullet.

Even though the M16A1 had many design flaws that would cause the gun to jam, the 5.56 bullet performed well in battle. The 5.56 did so well that the Soviet Union made its own intermediate cartridge, the 5.45 x 39mm, to compete with NATO.

Guns that use the 5.56 include the M16, the M4 carbine, the AR-15, the FAMAS, the G36, the SCAR-L, and the M249 light machine gun.

Teatre Sans

Teatre Sans is a small theatre in Palma de Mallorca, capital of the Balearic Islands, Spain, that has been opened for more than 25 years. 

The theatre is in a gothic building from the 14th-15th centuries, in the old neighbourhood of the city. In the 15th century it belonged to the island Governor who used it as a marketplace. Later it was used as lodgings. In the 20th century, it became the headquarters of the Republican party where they held political meetings, literary and cultural gatherings and some theatre plays. Later, they also began to offer lectures and talks.

In 1984, the theatre company TRIP TRUP Teatre (later Estudi Zero Teatre ESTUDI ZERO ), rented the theatre as a place for reheasals. The theatre company ESTUDI ZERO renovated the old theatre and they are now responsible running not only the theatre, but also the drama school and the café.

The drama school, eScola d'Arts eScéNiques offers drama lessons to children and adults and it is one of the main reasons of the popularity of the theatre.


Parliament of Pakistan

The Parliament of Pakistan, officially known as Majlis-e-Shoora (, "Council of Advisors" in Urdu and Persian, although referred to as "Parliament") is the federal and supreme legislative body of Pakistan. It is bicameral federal legislature of Pakistan that consists of the Senate (upper house) and the National Assembly (lower house). According to Article 50 of the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan, the Council also includes the President of Pakistan.

Senate of Pakistan

The Senate of Pakistan is the upper house of the bicameral Parliament of Pakistan. Elections are held every three years for one half of the senate and each senator has a term of six years. If the office of the President of Pakistan becomes vacant, or the President is unable to perform his functions, the Chairman of the Senate acts as President until a President is elected. 

National Assembly of Pakistan

The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Pakistan.

Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan

The Speaker's is the highest office of the National Assembly of Pakistan. The Speaker presides over the Session composed of the people's representatives elected on the basis of universal franchise. 

The Speaker is second in the line of succession to the President and he occupies fourth position in the Warrant of Precedence, after the President, the Prime Minister and the Chairman of Senate. 

In addition, the Speaker is the spokesman of the House to the outside world, and is non-partisan in his approach. In order to exercise the great authority that stems from the respect, affection and consideration which every Member of the House bestows upon the holder of this high office, the Speaker shows complete impartiality in the discharge of his functions. 

When the National Assembly is dissolved he continues in his office, till a new Speaker is elected.

Prime Minister of Pakistan

The Prime Minister of Pakistan () "Wazeer-e-A'zam") officially Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is the Head of Government of Pakistan. 

The Prime Minister is elected by the National Assembly, members of which are elected by popular vote. Most commonly, the leader of the party or coalition with the most votes becomes the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister is responsible for appointing a cabinet. The President has the constitutional reserve power to remove the Prime Minister by a dissolution of the National Assembly, triggering new elections.


National Security Council (Pakistan)

The Prime minister Secretariat National Security Council is a consultative body that is chaired by the President of Pakistan and Prime Minister of Pakistan. It is a principal forum that is mandated for considering national security and foreign policy matters with the senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials. The National Security Council was created by then-President and former Chief of Army Staff (Pakistan) General Pervez Musharraf in April 2004 under the National Security Council Act. The function of the Council has been to advise and assist the President and Prime minister on national security and foreign policies. 

The Council serves as a forum for consultation for the president and the federal government on matters of national security including the sovereignty, integrity, defence, and security of the State and crisis management in general. It may also formulate recommendations to the president and the federal government in such matters.

Pakistani architecture

Pakistani architecture includes various structures built during different time periods. With the beginning of the Indus Valley civilization around the middle of the 3rd millennium BC, for the first time in the area which encompasses today's Pakistan an advanced urban culture developed with large structural facilities, some of which survive to this day. This was followed by the Gandhara style of Buddhist architecture that borrowed elements from the architecture of ancient Greece. These remnants are visible in the Gandhara capital of Taxila.

Pakistani folklore

Pakistan has a wide variety of folklore, mostly circulated regionally. However, certain tales have related variants in other regions of the country or in neighbouring countries. Some folktales like Shirin and Farhad are told in Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan, Turkey, and almost all nations of Central Asia and Middle East, with all having claimed the folklore to have originated in their land. "Pakistani mythology" here means the myths and sacred narratives of the culturally and linguistically related group of ancient peoples who inhabited the ancient Pakistan and its borderlands.

Dhakeshwari Temple

Dhakeshwari National Temple ( Ðhakeshshori Jatio Mondir) is a famous Hindu temple in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It is state-owned. It is Bangladesh's "National Temple". The name "Dhakeshwari" (ঢাকেশ্বরী Ðhakeshshori) means "Goddess of Dhaka".

Mike Grier

Michael James Grier (born January 5, 1975 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired ice hockey right winger and left winger that played for the Boston University Terriers as well as playing for 15 seasons in the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers, Washington Capitals, San Jose Sharks and the Buffalo Sabres. He was picked by the St. Louis Blues with the 219th overall pick in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. He is African American and is one of a small number of black hockey players in the league. He is also the first African American NHL player that was born and trained in the United States.

On July 5th 2022, Grier became the general manager for the San Jose Sharks. He is the first black general manager in NHL history.


Darcy Tucker

Darcy Tucker (born March 15, 1975 in Castor, Alberta) is a Canadian retired ice hockey winger. Tucker played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Montreal Canadiens, Tampa Bay Lightning, Toronto Maple Leafs and Colorado Avalanche.

He was drafted 151st overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1993 NHL Entry draft. He became known in Long Island during the 2002 Stanley Cup playoffs after Tucker delivered a hip check to New York Islanders' captain Michael Peca during game five of the first round. The hit blew out Peca's MCL and ACL on his left knee which ended his season and delayed his entry into the 2002–03 season. There was no penalty given out.

Tucker retired from playing professional ice hockey on October 1, 2010.

Pakistan Rangers

The Pakistan Rangers are part of the paramilitary force command in Pakistan. 

It consists of members of the paramilitary forces of Sindh and Punjab under the direct control of the Ministry of the Interior of the Pakistan Government. The prime objectives of Rangers are to provide and maintain security in hot conflict and crime ridden areas as well as other duties not acceptable for civilian police.

Street Sharks

Street Sharks was an animated television series made by DIC Entertainment. The show started on September 1, 1994 and ended on May 1, 1995. The show was about 4 half-men/half-sharks that fought crime. They became half-shark when a university professor named Dr. Paradigm tested his gene-manipulation techniques on a marlin and a lobster. Dr. Bolton, who was a fellow professor, had attempted to destroy Paradigm's work but he was transformed into an inhuman monstrosity by the evil scientist before he could escape. Paradigm would later kidnap Bolton's four sons — John (who became Ripster), Bobby (who became Streex), Coop (who became Big Slammu), and Clint (who became Jab) and would transform them into sharks. As soon as the boys transformed, they ate a hotdog stand and got away from the police that were chasing them by diving into a lake and burrowing their way into the city by eating the dirt. The brothers were going to capture Paradigm so that they could force him to return them to their original human selves and then expose Paradigm's genetic experiments.

Castaway 2007

Castaway 2007 was a reality television series on BBC in 2007. 15 people lived on an island for 79 days. The main change between this programme and "Castaway 2000" was that the castaways were voted off one at a time.


Volkswagen LT

The Volkswagen LT is a range of vans and buses produced by Volkswagen. It was introduced in 1975 and had 2 generations, the second of which was a rebadged Mercedes-Benz Sprinter and replaced the original in 1996. It was replaced by the Volkswagen Crafter in 2006, another rebadged Sprinter.

Royal arms of Scotland

The Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom is the official coat of arms of the British monarch, currently King Charles III. These arms are used by the King in his official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom, and are officially known as his Arms of Dominion. Different versions are used by other members of the Royal Family; and by the British Government in connection with the administration and government of the country. In Scotland, the Queen has a separate version of the Royal Arms, a variant of which is used by the Scotland Office.

The shield is quartered, depicting in the first and fourth quarters the three passant guardant lions of England; in the second, the rampant lion and double tressure fleury-counter-fleury of Scotland; and in the third, a harp for Ireland.

The version used by the government doe not have the helmet or lion, the version used by the government in Scotland does not have the lion or "In Defens" motto.

Libyan Civil War (2011)

The Libyan Civil War is a civil war in Libya that began in the year 2011. It began in the middle of February 2011. Many Libyans were inspired by the uprisings in neighbouring countries, such as Tunisia and Egypt. They violently protested against the government. Colonel Muammar Gaddafi sent troops and tanks to break up the rebellion. Al-Qaeda started bombing, and rebels began forming their own government. The war led to the death of Gaddafi in October, and of thousands of other people.

The conflict began with series of demonstrations and riots. There were many small protests of about 300-500 people throughout January. Major protests did not begin until 14 February 2011. The demonstrations were protesting against the Government of Libya and its leader Muammar al-Gaddafi. The conflict grew as thousands of people joined the protests. Gaddafi vowed to hunt them down and "clean Libya house by house" until all rebels are gone. However, some of Gaddafi's soldiers began joining the rebels in protest. The protests are thought to have been inspired by the successful uprising in Tunisia and Egypt.

According to NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent, Richard Engel, who entered Libya and had reached the city of Tobruk on 22 February 2011 was quoted as saying, "the protest movement is no longer a protest movement, it's a war. It's open revolt." and on 22 February, "The Economist" described the protests as an "uprising that is trying to reclaim Libya from the world's longest-ruling autocrat". On 21 February, the Libyan Air Force aircraft attacked civilian protesters in Tripoli which caused international condemnation. By this time, over 300 to 2,000 were dead and over 5,000 were injured.

There were small battles until February 24, when Gaddafi sent tanks and troops into Misrata and attacked. Then, on March 6, launched a counter-offensive against Rebels. This lasted until 12 March. He regained Ra's Lanuf and Brega. The Rebels gained power when NATO and other countries began bombarding Gaddafi's forces with attack aircraft.

The Rebels' launched a counter-offensive on March 27 that lasted until April 1. The Rebels regained a few cities.

The Battle of Misrata was the fiercest battle in the civil war. The Hamza Brigade fought for Gaddafi against the Rebels from 24 February to 12 March. The Khamis Brigade, run by Gaddafi's son Khamis, rolled in and nearly destroyed the entire city. The rebels won the battle and took control of the city.

The rebels also won in Benghazi and other places. They took Tripoli in August. In October the fighting diminished, and the rebels declared victory. His enemies killed Gaddafi on 20 October 2011.

Jackson County, Florida

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. The population as of the 2020 census was 47,319. Its county seat is Marianna, Florida.

Jackson County was created by the Florida Territorial Council in 1822 by splitting from Escambia County, making it the third county in the Territory. The county was named for Andrew Jackson, who had served as Florida's first military governor for six months in 1821. Jackson County originally spread from the Choctawhatchee River on the west to the Suwannee River on the east. The county had been shrunk close to its current boundaries by 1840 through the creation of new counties from its original land. Small changes to the county border continued through most of the 19th century, however.

There were no towns in Jackson County when it was formed. The first county court met at what was called "Robinson's Big Spring" (later called Blue Springs) in 1822 and then at the "Big Spring of the Choctawhatchee" in 1823. The following year the county court met at "Chipola Settlement" which is also known as Waddell's Mill Pond.

Marianna became the county seat, but not without controversy. It was founded by Robert Beveridge, a native of Scotland, in September 1827. The first town established in Jackson County was Webbville in January 1827. Webbville, a community of land squatters, was located northwest of present day Marianna and was named the county seat. Webbville thrived until 1828 when Beveridge and other Marianna settlers went to Tallahassee and enticed the Florida Legislature with free land, construction of a courthouse, a public square and $500 to purchase a quarter section of land to be sold at public auction as a way to finance the new government, if the county seat was moved to Marianna.

Beveridge and his supporters succeeded and Marianna became the county seat of the county justice and civil authority, even though it was never officially named the county seat. Marianna began to grow and prosper when the county government moved into the new courthouse in 1829. Webbville's important citizens moved to Marianna and the L&N Railroad decided to bypass the town.

From 1869-71, Jackson County was the center of a low-level guerrilla war known as the Jackson County War. Ku Klux Klan members, including Confederate Army veterans, assassinated over 150 Republican Party officials and important African-Americans as part of a successful campaign to retain conservative white Democratic power.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 95.92%) is land and (or 4.08%) is water. Jackson County is the only county in Florida that borders both Georgia and Alabama. Jackson County is in the Central Standard Time Zone. Its eastern border with Gadsden County forms the boundary in this area between the Central Standard and Eastern Standard Time Zones.


As of the census of 2000, there were 46,755 people, 16,620 households, and 11,600 families living in the county. The population density was 51 people per square mile (20/km²). There were 19,490 housing units at an average density of 21 per square mile (8/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 70.18% White, 26.56% Black or African American, 0.67% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.81% from other races, and 1.40% from two or more races. 2.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 16,620 households out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.50% were married couples living together, 14.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.20% were not related. 27.00% of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the county the population was spread out with 22.30% under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 29.60% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 110.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.20 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $29,744, and the median income for a family was $36,404. Males had a median income of $27,138 versus $21,180 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,905. About 12.80% of families and 17.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.70% of those under age 18 and 21.00% of those age 65 or over.



Jackson County is mainly Republican.

Jackson County is governed by a five-member board of county commissioners.





Jefferson County, Florida

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, the population is 14,510. Its county seat is Monticello, Florida.

Jefferson County is part of the Tallahassee, Florida, Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Jefferson County was created in 1827. It was named for Thomas Jefferson, third President of the United States of America, who served from 1801 to 1809. Monticello is a racially diverse town (see "People").

Jefferson County has many old forts that were used by early settlers and the military.


According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 93.89%) is land and (or 6.11%) is water.

Jefferson County is the only county in Florida which borders both the state of Georgia and the Gulf of Mexico.




As of the census of 2000, there were 12,902 people, 4,695 households, and 3,305 families living in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km²). There were 5,251 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 59.27% White, 38.34% Black or African American, 0.39% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.57% from other races, and 1.09% from two or more races. 2.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 4,695 households out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.00% were married couples living together, 15.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were not related. 25.20% of all households were made up of people living alone and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the county the population was spread out with 22.70% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 28.90% from 25 to 44, 25.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 104.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.00 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $32,998, and the median income for a family was $40,407. Males had a median income of $26,271 versus $25,748 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,006. About 13.30% of families and 17.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.70% of those under age 18 and 17.00% of those age 65 or over.

Jefferson County was one of only a handful of counties in the Florida Panhandle that politically favored the Democratic Party. However, Republican Donald Trump won the county in 2016 and 2020.

The Jefferson County School District is the only one in Florida operating under a declared "financial emergency" due to budget deficits. On April 23, 2009, the Florida Department of Education took over financial oversight of the district.








Hans Krankl

Johann "Hans" Krankl (born 14 February 1953) is an Austrian football player who played for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national team. He is regarded as one of the best Austrian footballers in history.

He started his professional career with SK Rapid Wien at the age of 17. But he played not very often so he went to Wiener AC where he shot 27 goals in 26 matches. So he was transferred back to SK Rapid. In the next years he shot in 201 matches for the club 160 goals. In the 1977/78 season he shot 41 goals and got the European Golden Shoe as Europs best scorer. This is still the record in the Austrian League.

In 1978 he was transferred to FC Barcelona where he shot in his first season 29 goals and won the Pichichi, the trophy for the best Spain scorer. With FC Barcelona he won also the UEFA Cup Winners Cup in 1979.

1981 he went back to Rapid where he shot another 107 goals for the club. The last years of his career he played with Wiener Sportklub, Kremser SC and SV Austria Salzburg.In his career he played 478 matches and scored 355 goals.

Krankl played 69 matches for the national team and scored 34 goals. He was member of the team for the 1978 and 1982 FIFA World Cup. In 1978 he became a legend in Austria for scoring two goals against Germany - the first victory after 47 years. The radio commentary ("Tor Tor Tor Tor Tor Tor, I werd' narrisch" – "Goal goal goal goal goal goal, I'm going crazy") is known by almost all Austrian football supporters.

Although he coached different teams he was not as successful as a player. With his teams he never reached a European competition. As manager of the national team failed to qualify for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.




After his football career he began to sing and had some hits in Austria.




Lafayette County, Florida

Lafayette County is a county in the state of Florida. As of 2020, 8,226 people lived there. It is the second least populated county in the state. Its county seat is Mayo, Florida. Lafayette County is a prohibition county, meaning alcohol is illegal there.

Lafayette County was created December 23, 1856 from part of Madison County, and included at the time what is now both Lafayette and Dixie Counties. Lafayette County was named in honor of the Marquis de Lafayette, the French citizen who rendered assistance to the colonies during the American Revolutionary War. The Suwannee River forms the entire eastern border. The county courts first met at the home of Ariel Jones near Fayetteville. The county seat was New Troy until the court house there burned down in 1892. It was then moved to Mayo in 1893, and Mayo is currently Lafayette's only incorporated town. New Troy is now a ghost town. In 1921 the lower part of the county was carved off to create Dixie County.

Historic sites in Lafayette County include:

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.07%) is land and (or 0.93%) is water.

Parks in the county include Lafayette Blue Springs State Park and Troy Springs State Park, both accessible to the Suwannee River.


As of the census of 2000, there were 7,022 people, 2,142 households, and 1,591 families living in the county. The population density was 13 people per square mile (5/km²). There were 2,660 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 79.27% White, 14.37% Black or African American, 0.71% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 4.30% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. 9.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 2,142 households out of which 34.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.20% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.70% were not related. 22.00% of all households were made up of people living alone and 10.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the county the population was spread out with 21.70% under the age of 18, 10.70% from 18 to 24, 34.00% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 12.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 148.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 157.80 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $30,651, and the median income for a family was $35,020. Males had a median income of $25,030 versus $22,007 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,087. About 12.90% of families and 17.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.70% of those under age 18 and 17.30% of those age 65 or over.



Lafayette County is strongly Republican. It has voted for the Republican candidate in every presidential election since 1984.




Battle of Passchendaele

The Battle of Passchendaele was one of the biggest battles of the First World War. It happened between July and November 1917. Allied troops attacked the German Army in many operations. The Allies were commanded by British leaders. The battle was fought for control of a village named Passchendaele. Passchendaele is near the town of Ypres in West Flanders, Belgium. The purpose of the battle was to "wear out the enemy" and "to secure the Belgian coast and connect with the Dutch front lines". The British commander was Douglas Haig. He planned the battle in three parts. These were capturing Passchendaele Ridge, moving to capture Roeselare, and Operation Hush. In Operation Hush, marines were to land somewhere on the Belgian coast and there would be a breakout attack from Nieuwpoort and the Yser bridgehead.

The British launched many massive attacks. They were helped a lot by artillery, aircraft and sometimes tanks. The British did not win. This is because they were up against a large and modern German defense. The British and French armies eventually became tactically better, and came close to winning later in the year.

The battle was made up of 'bite and hold' attacks. This captured ground that could be useful. It also wore down the German army with attacks and counter-attacks by the German army to stop the Allied attacks and take back ground. It lasted until the Canadian Corps captured Passchendaele on 6 November 1917. The battle ended on 10 November, apart from small operations. Causing huge casualties for the Germans, the Allies had captured 5 miles (8 km) of some of the best defended territory in the world. They lost 140,000 men. This is a ratio of about 2 inches (5 cm) of ground taken by every dead soldier. The Germans took back the lost ground when the line was shortened five months later, during the Battle of the Lys, losing it forever on 28 September 1918.

Passchendaele has become popular with the misery of grinding attrition warfare. This type of warfare was often fought in thick mud. The land between Dixmude and the river Lys was crossed by streams and ditches that were used for drainage. Most of these flowed west, moving towards the Ypres—Commines canal which went north-south. The land was flat and swampy but for good drainage. August 1917 was very cold and wet. This was not usual. Very big artillery strikes had also destroyed the ground surface. There were times where it was dry. It was most dry in September, but mud was still in parts of the battlefield. Tanks got stuck in mud and some soldiers and horses drowned in it.

Ridges went in a curve pattern from south of Ypres, east then north to Passchendaele and Staden. They were sixty metres high at the most. This high ground had been fought over a lot since 1914.

Many historians have different opinions on this battle. Most of this debate is in Britain. The volume of the British Official History of the War that wrote about the Battle of Passchendaele was the last ever published. Some people say that it was written to make Field Marshal Douglas Haig look better, and to make General Hubert Gough, the commander of the Fifth Army, look worse. The many dead and injured men the British Army had only to capture a very small amount of land have made many historians follow the example of David Lloyd George, the British Prime Minister at the time, and use it as an example of wasting soldiers and being a bad leader. Lloyd George, who was almost certainly affected by Basil Liddell Hart, wrote 100 pages of memoirs to a review of British generalship at Third Ypres.

There is also a revisionist way of thinking which tries to say that the British Army did well in the battle. Revisionists say that the British caused many casualties in the German Army, helped the French and came up with attack tactics which could win against German defenses. These tactics made the Germans want winter to come badly. Revisionists say that these things were important in winning the war in 1918.

Death and injury amounts for the battle are still not decided on. Some people say that the Allies suffered much heavier losses than the Germans. Others say different things. However, nobody says that hundreds of thousands of soldiers on both sides were not killed or hurt. The last survivor of the battle, who was also the last survivor of the Western Front in the United Kingdom, Private Harry Patch, died on 25 July 2009.



Marion County, Florida

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. At the 2020 census, 375,908 people lived there. Its county seat is Ocala.

Marion County is part of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Marion County was created in 1844 from portions of Alachua, Mosquito (Orange), and Hillsborough counties. Until 1853, Marion County included most of what are now Lake and Sumter counties. The county is named after General Francis Marion of South Carolina, a guerilla fighter and hero of the American Revolutionary War. Many of the early settlers of Marion County were from South Carolina. The county motto is "Kingdom of the Sun." Farms in the county are known for breeding champion race horses such as Affirmed and Needles.

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 94.94%) is land and (or 5.06%) is water.

Marion County is generally composed of rolling hills, some high and some low. The majority of its trees consist of live oaks, pine, and palm trees. Marion County is considered the southernmost county in North Central Florida, and the northernmost county in Central Florida.

It is about a two hour drive from many of Florida's major cities. Orlando is 75 minutes to the southeast while Daytona Beach is about 90 minutes to the east. Tampa is about 75 minutes to the southwest. Jacksonville is roughly a two hour drive northeast. Miami is about five hours to the southeast. Fort Lauderdale is about a four-hour drive from Marion County.

Marion County also has three large lakes at its opposite borders. Orange Lake is in the far northern part of Marion County, near the border with Alachua County. Lake Kerr is in the northeastern part of the county, near the town of Salt Springs. Lake Weir, the largest of the three, is in the far southern region near the border with Lake County. Part of Lake George is also in Marion County.

Marion County is inland, centered between the Atlantic Ocean to the east and the Gulf of Mexico to the west. Because of this, Marion County is not affected as much by hurricanes compared to the more coastal counties to its east and west. However, tornadoes are a major threat to this region of the state. Although Marion County is not near either of Florida's coasts, it is situated slightly to the west, so it takes a little less than an hour to get to the Gulf of Mexico while it takes about half an hour longer to get to the Atlantic Ocean.



As of the census of 2000, there were 258,916 people, 106,755 households, and 74,621 families living in the county. The population density was 164 people per square mile (63/km²). There were 122,663 housing units at an average density of 78 per square mile (30/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 84.16% White, 11.55% Black or African American, 0.45% Native American, 0.70% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.69% from other races, and 1.44% from two or more races. 6.03% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

According to the 2000 Census the largest European ancestry groups in Marion County were English (18.7%), German (16.7%) and Irish (14.0%).

There were 106,755 households out of which 24.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.60% were married couples living together, 10.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.10% were not related. 25.00% of all households were made up of people living alone and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the county the population was spread out with 21.40% under the age of 18, 6.40% from 18 to 24, 23.80% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 24.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 93.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.90 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $31,944, and the median income for a family was $37,473. Males had a median income of $28,836 versus $21,855 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,848. About 9.20% of families and 13.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.20% of those under age 18 and 7.40% of those age 65 or over.

The Florida Department of Corrections operates facilities in unincorporated areas in the county, including the Lowell Correctional Institution and the Lowell Annex. The annex houses Florida's female death row.











Sineu

Sineu is a municipality in central Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain. The population is more than 3000 people. Sineu Fair is the oldest on the island and has more visitors than any other fair in Mallorca. Sineu’s weekly market takes place on Wednesdays. It is the only livestock market of Mallorca.

Georg Teigl

Georg Teigl (born 9 February 1991 in Vienna, Austria) is a footballer from Austria. He plays for RB Leipzig and the Austrian Under 21 national team. He is a defender.

He began playing football with SV Gablenz and then went to SKN St.Pölten. In 2009 he was chosen by Red Bull Salzburg where he played in the second squad. He made his debut on 14 July 2009 against FC Wacker Innsbruck. Although the team was relegated by the ÖFB to the Regionalliga West (3rd stage) he stayed with Red Bull Salzburg.

His first match in the first team was on 16 April 2011 in Graz against SK Sturm, where he came on in minute 46 for Jakob Jantscher. In this match he gave the assist for Alan's goal (3:0). Also in his second match against SV Kapfenberg he made an assist for Roman Wallners (4:2). On 21 July 2011 he made his European Cup debut against the Latvian team Liepājas Metalurgs. In January 2014 he went to RB Leipzig. For the 2016/17 season Teigl went to Bundesliga side FC Augsburg. After Teigl was not considered in the first half of the 2017/18 season, he moved to Eintracht Braunschweig in the 2nd Bundesliga on loan. <rewf>Web Archiv</ref> Due to Braunschweig's relegation to the 3rd division, the loan ended after the 2017/18 season and Teigl returned to Augsburg. In the following two seasons he made nine more Bundesliga appearances for Augsburg. 

In September 2020 he returned to Austria and joined FK Austria Wien. In three years he made 61 Bundesliga appearances for the club. After the 2022/23 season he left the club and joined the Second league club FC Admira Wacker Mödling for the 2023/24 season.

He played 14 matches for the Austrian Under 19 and Under 21 teams.


Free running

Free running is a sport that means doing jumps with difficult movements in the air and cross a tour with obstacles since in the parkour.

These jumps name ("Flips") or (Mortal Jumps).




Curfew

A curfew is an order which restricts people in their movements. It is very often an order which forbids people to be out on the streets after dark.

Curfews may be made by governments in times of war or civil unrest. This is supposed to stop violence.

Curfews may also be issued to young people. They are told that they have to be indoors after a certain time.

The word "curfew" comes from the French phrase ""couvre-feu"" which means "cover the fire". It was used to describe the time when all lamps and candles had to be blown out.



Gateway (telecommunications)

In computer networking and telecommunications, a gateway is a component that is part of two networks, which use different protocols. The gateway will translate one protocol into the other. A router is a special case of a gateway.

Gateways, also called protocol converters, can operate at any network layer. The activities of a gateway are more complex than that of the router or switch as it communicates using more than one protocol.

Both the computers of internet users that serve pages to users are "host nodes". The nodes that connect the networks in between are "gateways". These are gateway nodes:
gateway must be implied on larger networks to interconnect them.

New World monkey

New World monkeys are the families of primates which are found in Central and South America. The families are ranked together as the Ceboidea superfamily, the only living platyrrhine superfamily. They differ from the Old World monkeys and apes, which are Catarrhini.


About 40 million years ago, the simians separated into the groups: the Platyrrhini (New World monkeys) and Catarrhini (apes and Old World monkeys). The key question is how did the early monkeys get to the Americas? There is no evidence for either of the two possible routes. Route one is across the then less wide Atlantic. Route two is across Asia, across the Bering Strait, and down through North America.

There are some big differences between the two groups of monkeys. New World monkeys have flatter noses with nostrils facing to the side. Most do not have full colour vision, they have a different dental formula, many form monogamous pair bonds, with paternal care for the young, mostly, twin births are common, and their thumbs are not opposable. The Atelidae family have long tails that can grip to things.

List of New World monkey species

Catarrhini

Catarrhini is one of the two subdivisions of the higher primates (the other is the New World monkeys). Catarrhines include the Old World monkeys and the apes. Apes are further divided into the lesser apes or gibbons and the great apes, consisting of the orangutans, gorillas, chimpanzees, bonobos and humans. They are all native to Africa and Asia.

Simian

The simians (infraorder Simiiformes) are the "higher primates". Familiar to most people are the Old World monkeys and apes, including humans and the New World monkeys. Simians tend to be larger than the "lower primates" or prosimians. 

The simians are sister to the tarsiers: together they make up the haplorhines. The radiation occurred about 60 million years ago during the Cenozoic era. 

40 million years ago, simians from Afro-Arabia colonized South America (by what route is not known). This gave rise to the New World monkeys. The remaining simians (catarrhines) split 25 million years ago into Old World monkeys and apes.

Nishapur

Nishapur is a historial city in northeast Iran and the cultural capital of the Khorasan region. In 2005, about 270,940 people lived there.

Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan

The current Chairman (presiding officer) of the Senate of Pakistan is Farooq Naek since 12 March, 2009.

The first Chairman of the Senate was Justice Khan Habibullah Khan.

The main purpose for the creation of the Senate of Pakistan was to give equal representation to all the federating units since the membership of the National Assembly was based on the population of each province. Equal provincial membership in the Senate, thus, balances the provincial inequality in the National Assembly and dispels doubts and apprehension, if any, regarding deprivation and exploitation.

The role of the Senate is to promote national cohesion and harmony and to alleviate fears of the smaller provinces regarding domination by any one province because of its majority, in the National Assembly.

The Senate is a body that represents the provinces and territories of the country and promotes a feeling of equality, peace and good understanding between them, which is so essential for the growth and prosperity of a nation. Thus, the Senate in Pakistan, over the years, has emerged as an essential organ and a stabilizing factor of the federation.

a) President and Parliament: Under Article 50 of the Constitution, the Majlis-i-Shoora (Parliament) of Pakistan consists of the President and two Houses to be known respectively as the National Assembly and the Senate. 

The President is elected by members of both Houses of the Parliament and the Provincial Assemblies. The President may be removed from office or impeached through a resolution, passed by not less than two-thirds of the total membership of the Parliament in a joint sitting of the two Houses, convened for the purpose. 

The Constitution empowers the President to dissolve the National Assembly in his discretion if a situation has arisen in which the Government of the Federation cannot be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and an appeal to the electorate is necessary. However, the Senate is not subject to dissolution. 

In case the office of the President becomes vacant for any reason, the Chairman, or if he is unable to perform the functions of the office of the President, the Speaker, acts as President till such time that a President is elected. Same is the case when the President by reason of absence from Pakistan or any other cause is unable to perform his functions. 

b) Relations between the Houses: Unless both the Houses pass a Bill and it receives President's assent it cannot become a law except in the case of a money bill which is the sole prerogative of the National Assembly. Under the Legal Framework Order, 2002, the role of a Mediation Committee, comprising eight members from each House, has been introduced for the first time to evolve consensus on Bills, in case there is a disagreement between the two Houses. 

c) Cabinet: The Constitution provides that there shall be a Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister which is collectively responsible to the National Assembly. The Prime Minister is chosen from the National Assembly. 

The Federal Ministers and Ministers of State are appointed from amongst the members of Parliament. However, the number of Federal Ministers and Ministers of State who are members of Senate, shall not at any time, exceed one fourth of the numbers of Federal Ministers.

Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan

The Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan (, Jamaat-i-Islami, "Islamic Party" Jamaat, JIP) is a Muslim religious, political party in Pakistan. It was founded on 26 August 1941 in Lahore by Muslim theologian Maulana Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi. It is the oldest religious party in Pakistan.

Founded during British rule in India, the Jamaat moved its organisation after the Partition of India to the newly created Muslim state of Pakistan. The members who remained in India regrouped to form an independent organization.

Nikola Pokrivač

Nikola Pokrivač (born 26 November 1985 in Čakovec, Croatia) is a Croatian footballer who plays as defensive midfielder for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Pokrivač started to play football with Bratstvo Jurovec, near his hometown. His youthteams were also Čakovec and Varteks Varaždin .In Varaždin he started his professional career which brought him over Dinamo Zagreb, AS Monaco to Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.In this team he plays not regularly, in the 2010/11 season he played eight matches.

Pokrivač has played for the Croatian under-21 national team and has also played at under-17 and under-19 levels. He played 39 matches and scored three goals for all Croatian youth national teams between 2001 and 2006.

On 5 May 2008he became member of the team for the UEFA Euro 2008 finals in Austria and Switzerland, where he only played in the last group match against Poland. His debut was on 24 May 2008 in a friendly match against Moldova in Rijeka, coming forbstitute for Niko Kovač in the 59th minute. Another five matches he played in the qualifying round for the FIFA World Cup 2010.



The Butterfly Effect

The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American psychological thriller movie. It was produced by Anthony Rhulen, Chris Bender, J.C. Spink and A.J. Dix and was directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber. "The Butterfly Effect" was released on January 22, 2004 in North America. The movie received negative reviews with a 34% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 30 out of 100 from Metacritic.

This movie had two sequels: "The Butterfly Effect 2" and "".



Nature Coast

The Nature Coast is a region of the U.S. state of Florida. It is made up of the Big Bend (Florida) area of the western coast and includes Citrus, Dixie, Hernando, Jefferson County, Pasco County, Levy County, Taylor County, and Wakulla County counties. This area of Florida is southern culturally, with the Deep South culture reaching to Levy County with the lower southern end (Pasco, Hernando, and sometimes Citrus county) often considered part of the Tampa Bay Metropolian Area. Pasco County is sometimes considered part of the Sun Coast.

The history of the name "The Nature Coast" goes back to 1991 as part of a marketing campaign to attract vacationing people to the nine county area, the name "Nature Coast" caught on quickly and describes the area previously known as the "Big Bend" of Florida.
St. Petersburg Times article, St. Petersburg Times - Feb 23, 1994

Common activities in this area are hunting, fishing, boating, bird watching, and nature hiking. Snorkeling spots are found in the rivers along the Nature Coast. Also diving and Manatee tours, predominate in areas such as Crystal River, Homosassa and Homosassa Springs.

The Nature Coast is also home to wildlife such as deer, wild pigs, roseate spoonbills, alligators, raccoons, opossums, snakes, great blue herons, egrets, turtles and countless others, including at least 19 endangered species.

The NatureCoast covers 8 different counties and 1 partial county (Dunnellon is a part of Marion County). It encompasses .
There are also 50 Golf Courses located within these counties



Digital forensics

Digital forensics is a forensic science where experts look at computer devices to help solve crime. It can also include mobile phones. The experts who do digital forensics are often called "analysts" or "investigators". When an expert is asked to look at a computer it is called an "investigation".

A digital forensics investigation happens when someone is blamed for a crime that includes using a computer. The expert will look for evidence about the crime. They will try to prove whether the person is to blame or not.

Sometimes investigations are used in disputes between companies and/or people (known as civil law). These may not involve a crime. Instead the expert is asked to find out information about a person or company by looking at their computer. There is a specific word used to describe this type of investigation, it is "eDiscovery".

Another use of digital forensics is called "intrusion detection". It happens after a hacker breaks in to a computer network. After the break in an expert is often asked to look at the networked computers to try and find out how it happened.

Conjure One

Conjure One is an electronic music project from Vancouver, British Columbia.

The project's most well known song is "Sleep". The only member of the project is Rhys Fulber. It started in early 1997 when Fulber decided that he was going to pursue a solo career. He has released three albums under Conjure One. Singer Sandra covered "Sleep" on her single "The Way I Am".


Freddy vs. Jason

Freddy vs. Jason is an 2003 American horror movie. Many of the fans from both of the horror movie characters thought the movie was a great battle movie between the two killers. It was a cross-over between "Jason Goes to Hell".

The movie is about Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) and Jason Voorhees (Ken Kirzinger). They are seen terrorizing Elm Street and killing the teenagers who live or dare to cross paths between Jason or Freddy. It wasn't until Freddy begins to try to kill all of the teens, that Jason keeps catching up to him which makes both of them angry. Then Lori Campbell (Monica Keena) is starting to wonder how her mother died in which she once thought died from a car crash. Pieces begin to add up. Later, Will Rollins (Jason Ritter) and Mark Davis (Brendan Fletcher) escape from a mentally-ill hospital and try to warn Lori and her friends about her father locking Will up for believing Lori’s father killed her mother. His friend is caught in the mix because he saw his brother commit suicide. Or so doctors say. But, in reality he knows about the dangers of Freddy. Whom actually murdered his brother.

After the group has been warned of Freddy they realize the only way to beat him is to stay awake. They form a plan to take the pills from the same hospital Will and Mark were commuted to Then Bill Freeburg (Kyle Labine dumps all the pills in the sink when he was possessed by Freddy. Leaving them defenseless. Jason comes crashing into the hospital, but was put to sleep by Bill while still being possessed by Freddy. In an attempt to kill Bill; Jason then slices him in half. When Jason was asleep, he was dreaming about seeing his mother and then Freddy came along and stabbed him in the head. Then Lori went to the same dream as Jason was, but then he woke-up and then the van they were driving crashed into Camp Crystal Lake. Later Lori, Will, Kia Waterson (Kelly Rowland), and Charlie Linderman (Chris Marquette) went into a cabin, but Lori was in a nightmare with Freddy. Later Jason came into the cabin which he set on fire. Then Lori pulled Freddy into the real world from were Freddy and Jason began to fight.

Later, they were pushed into the dock from the lake and then Jason began to slice Freddy until he cut Jason's fingers and Freddy got the machete and began to stab Jason and then stabbed his eyes with his razor gloves. After Jason killed both Kia and Charlie, Lori and Will lit the propane tank on fire and caused the camp to explode. That was when Jason tore Freddy's arm off and were blown into the lake. Then Will and Lori were about to leave until Freddy came back with Jason's machete and was about to kill them until Jason stabbed Freddy with his own razor glove. Then Lori wanted to get revenge on Freddy when she discovered he had killed her mother, she decapitated Freddy's head-off. At the end Jason fell into the lake until he rose the next day with Freddy's head and later Freddy winked.


Ernie Els

Ernie Els (born 17 October 1969) is a South African professional golfer. He was born in Johannesburg. He has played in the PGA.


Randy Johnson

Randall David "Randy" Johnson (born September 10, 1963) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He pitched for the Montreal Expos, Seattle Mariners, Houston Astros, Arizona Diamondbacks, New York Yankees, and San Francisco Giants. He was chosen to 10 All Star teams, and won five Cy Young Awards. He became a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2015.

Stefan Hierländer

Stefan Lukas Hierländer (born 3 February 1991) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Sturm Graz and the Austria national team.

He started in Carinthia with his local club SV Greifenburg. In 2008 he went to Sampdoria Genua but came back after a few weeks. His first professional team was the second squad of SK Austria Kärnten. As SK Kärnten got no license for the 2010–11 season he signed a contract with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg. Being an offensive midfielder he played under the new coaches Ricardo Moniz and Niko Kovac as a right defender.

On July 20th, 2013 he played his hundredth match in the Austrian Bundesliga. 62 of which he played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. In 2013 he played 17 matches and then got an knee injury.

Abadan, Iran

Abadan is a city in southwestern Iran. In the year 2006 there were 217,988 people living there.

Thor (band)

Thor is a heavy metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.





Ricardo Moniz

Ricardo Moniz (born 17 June 1964) is a former Dutch footballer and now coach of Lechia Gdańsk.

He played for RKC Waalwijk, HFC Haarlem, Helmond Sport and FC Eindhoven.

From 2005 till 2008 Moniz was skill trainer for Tottenham Hotspurs in Englands Premier League. 2008 he was skill trainer for HSV(Hamburger Sport-Verein). 2010 he became coach of HSV because the former trainer was dismissed. He played in the semi-final of the 2010 UEFA Europe League but lost against FC Fulham.

Since the beginning of the 2010/11 season he is coach for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg. He became skills and talent coach and was responsible for the youth departments of FC Red Bull Salzburg (Austria), RB Leipzig (Germany), New York Red Bulls (USA), Red Bull Brasil (Brasil) and Red Bull Academy Sogakope (Ghana). After the demotion of Huub Stevens he became head coach of the team.

With FC Red Bull Salzburg he reached the round of 32 in the UEFA Euro league 2011/12.
Since August 2012 he is coach of the Hungarian team Ferencváros Budapest.


Derek Boogaard

Derek Boogaard (June 23, 1982 – May 13, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played for 6 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Minnesota Wild and New York Rangers. He was known for being an enforcer and for his physical play, this gained him the nicknames, "Boogeyman" and "The Mountie".

He was found dead in his Minneapolis apartment on May 13, 2011. He was only 28 years old.

Hatebreed

Hatebreed is a hardcore punk band from Wallingford, Connecticut. Hatebreed was formed in 1994. They have toured with bands such as Slayer, Deftones, Slipknot, and Mastodon. They also played the main stage at Ozzfest 2006 alongside bands such as DragonForce, Lacuna Coil, Avenged Sevenfold, Disturbed, and co-headliners System of a Down.




Milankovich cycle

A Milankovich cycle is any slow but regular change in the Earth's orbit around the Sun, and the tilt of the Earth's axis. 

The dynamics are complex. The changes affect the 'insolation' (sunlight falling on parts of the Earth). This leads to cycles of climate on Earth, at about 21,000, 41,000 years, 100,000 and 400,000 years. This whole field is still under active research.

Using applied mathematics, Milutin Milanković predicted that variations in eccentricity, axial tilt, and precession of the Earth's orbit caused climate patterns on Earth.

Similar astronomical theories had been advanced in the 19th century by Joseph Adhemar, James Croll and others. However, there was at first no reliable dated evidence. The issue was not settled until deep-ocean cores were taken and a paper published in "Science" in 1976. 

Earth's orbit is an ellipse. The eccentricity is a measure of the departure of this ellipse from circularity. The shape of the Earth's orbit varies in time between nearly circular and mildly elliptical. 

The angle of the Earth's axial tilt varies with respect to the ecliptic plane, because perturbations from other planets shift the Earth's orbit. 

When the obliquity increases, the summers in both hemispheres receive more heat and light from the Sun, and winters less. Conversely, when the obliquity decreases, summers receive less sunshine and winters more. These slow 2.4° obliquity variations are roughly periodic. They take about 41,000 years to shift between a tilt of 22.1° and 24.5° and back again.

Precession is the wobble of the Earth's axis. This gyroscopic motion is due to the tidal forces exerted by the Sun and the Moon on the solid Earth, which has the shape of an oblate spheroid rather than a sphere. The Sun and Moon contribute roughly equally to this effect. Its period is about 26,000 years.

When the axis points toward the Sun, one polar hemisphere has a greater difference between the seasons while the other has milder seasons. The hemisphere that is in summer at perihelion receives much of the corresponding increase in solar radiation, but that same hemisphere in winter at aphelion has a colder winter. The other hemisphere will have a relatively warmer winter and cooler summer.

Planets orbiting the Sun follow elliptical (oval) orbits that rotate gradually over time (apsidal precession). 

In addition, the orbital ellipse itself precesses in space, primarily as a result of interactions with Jupiter and Saturn. This shortens the period of the precession of the equinoxes from 25,771.5 to ~21,636 years.

The inclination of Earth's orbit drifts up and down relative to its present orbit with a period of about 70,000 years. Milankovitch did not study this three-dimensional movement. This movement is known as 'precession of the ecliptic' or 'planetary precession'.

Researchers noted this drift, and also that the orbit moves relative to the orbits of the other planets. The invariable plane, the plane that represents the angular momentum of the Solar System, is approximately the orbital plane of Jupiter. The inclination of the Earth's orbit has a 100,000 year cycle relative to the invariable plane. This is very similar to the 100,000 year eccentricity period. This 100,000-year cycle closely matches the 100,000-year pattern of ice ages.

It has been proposed that a disk of dust and other debris exists in the plane, which affects the Earth's climate. The Earth moves through this plane around January 9 and July 9, when there is an increase in radar-detected meteors and meteor-related noctilucent clouds.

A study of the Antarctic ice core, using oxygen-nitrogen ratios in air bubbles trapped in the ice, concluded that the climatic response documented in the ice cores was driven by Northern hemisphere insolation as proposed by the Milankovitch hypothesis. This is an additional validation of the Milankovitch hypothesis by a relatively new method. It is not consistent with the "inclination" theory of the 100,000-year cycle.


Petri Kontiola

Petri Kontiola (born October 4, 1984 in Seinajoki, Finland) is a professional Finnish ice hockey center that currently plays in the Kontinental Hockey League for the Traktor Chelyabinsk. Kontiola also played in the NHL for a season with the Chicago Blackhawks. He was drafted by the Blackhawks with the 196th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft.

Aquarius (sports drink)

Aquarius is a mineral sports drink manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company. It was introduced in Japan in 1983. It was the official drink of the 1992 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, and 2016 Summer Olympics. It was planned to be the official drink of the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Estopa

Estopa are a popular duo from Cornellà, Spain. The band consists of the brothers José and David Muñoz, who sing different sounds reflecting many genres, including rock, rumba and flamenco. Their first album, "Estopa", has sold over 1,000,000 copies to date. Their latest album, "Voces de Ultrarumba", sold more than 200,000 copies on its first day of release. Their music has made them one of the most successful rock groups in Spanish history.

José Muñoz, the younger brother, was born in 1978. He plays guitar for Estopa. David Muñoz, the older brother, was born in 1976. He is the singer and also plays some guitar. They are brothers born in Extremadura. The brothers grew up listening to such bands as Los Chichos, Los Chunguitos, and Bordón on their trips with their parents from Cornellà to Zarza Capilla, where their parents were from.

As they grew up, José and David attended college for some time before deciding that it was not right for them. After quitting their studies, they worked for a factory manufacturing car parts for the company SEAT. It was in that factory where they began composing their earliest songs and they began to play in local bars.

After playing a song for the bosses at BMG Music España, Estopa was given a record deal.

Bulmer

Bulmer is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 568 people living in Bulmer.

Widdington

Widdington is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 463 people living in Widdington.

Hebden Bridge

Hebden Bridge is a town on the A646 road in West Yorkshire, England.

Bawtry

Bawtry is a town in South Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 3,204 people living in Bawtry.

Fakenham

Fakenham is a town and civil parish in North Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 7,357 people living in Fakenham, rising to 7,617 in 2011. Fakenham is a Saxon name, meaning "Homestead of Facca", or "a place on a fair river".

It is on the River Wensum about 25 miles North West of Norwich. Fakenham has been a market town since 1250. The church in Fakenham was founded in 1593, and rebuilt in 1825. 

Attractions include horse racing, youth clubs, societies, Fakenham Mega-Fun and bowling.

Sheringham

Sheringham is a town and civil parish in North Norfolk, England. In 2001, 7,143 people lived in Sheringham.

Willingale

Willingale is a village and civil parish in Essex, England. In 2001 there were 483 people living in Willingale.

Henley-on-Thames

Henley-on-Thames is a town and civil parish in Oxfordshire, England. In 2001 there were 10,646 people living in Henley-on-Thames.

Wilby, Northamptonshire

Wilby is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Wellingborough , Northamptonshire, England. In 2011 there were 624 people living in Wilby.

Chesham

Chesham is a town and civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England. In 2001 there were 20,343 people living in Chesham.

Thame

Thame () is a town and civil parish in Oxfordshire, England, about southwest of the Buckinghamshire town of Aylesbury. In 2001 there were 11,072 people living in Thame.



Dorking

Dorking is a town on the A24 road in Surrey, England. It is the setting of the 1871 novel, "The Battle of Dorking".

Hailsham

Hailsham is a town and civil parish in East Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 19,658 people living in Hailsham.

Seaford

Seaford is a town and civil parish in East Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 22,826 people living in Seaford.

Newhaven

Newhaven is a town and civil parish in East Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 11,171 people living in Newhaven.

Jeffrey Skilling

Jeffrey Keith "Jeff" Skilling (born November 25, 1953 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American former businessman and former president of Enron Corporation. He is best known for being involved in the Enron scandal. Skilling was ultimately convicted of multiple federal felony charges that related to Enron's financial collapse, and he is currently serving a 24-year, four-month prison sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Englewood, Colorado. The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the appeal of the case on March 1, 2010. On June 24, 2010, the Supreme Court vacated part of Skilling's conviction and sent the case back to the lower court for further proceedings.

In 2013, the United States Department of Justice said that they had reached a deal with Skilling that resulted in 10 years being cut from his sentence. He can be released sometime in 2019.


Charles J. Guiteau

Charles Julius Guiteau ( ; September 8, 1841June 30, 1882) was an American writer and lawyer. He is best known as the person who assassinated US President James A. Garfield on July 2, 1881. Guiteau shot Garfield after being angry with him about not receiving credit or a reward for Garfield's victory in 1880. Guiteau wrote a speech about Garfield but never made the speech.

Guiteau was born in Freeport, Illinois. He was a preacher, writer and lawyer. He was found guilty in a court of law. He was executed by hanging in Washington, D.C.

Kohima

Kohima (Angami Naga: "Kewhira") is the capital city of the Indian state of Nagaland. It has a population of about 100,000. The Battle of Kohima was fought in Kohima and it is often referred to as one of the bloodiest battles of World War II.


Alton

Alton is a village and civil parish in Staffordshire, England. In 2001 there were 1,243 people living in Alton. There is Alton Towers nearby.

Godalming

Godalming is a town and civil parish in Surrey, England. In 2011, there were 21,804 people living in Godalming.

Godalming has a railway station, Godalming railway station. The station is on the Portsmouth Direct Line, which goes between Portsmouth and London Waterloo. This line is served by South Western Railway.

Roads that go through or near Godalming are:


Godalming is around 31 miles or 50 kilometres away from Gatwick and Heathrow Airport.

Retford

Retford is a market town near the A1 road in Nottinghamshire, England.

Maltby

Maltby is a town and civil parish in South Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 17,247 people living in Maltby.

Mansfield

Mansfield is a town in Nottinghamshire, England. There is also the smaller settlement of Mansfield Woodhouse to the north. The town is surrounded by a pocket of steep hills within the Maun Valley. It has a population of about 67,885.

North Walsham

North Walsham is a town in North Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 11,998 people living in North Walsham.

Dereham

Dereham is a town and civil parish in Breckland District, Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 15,659 people living in Dereham.

Grantham

Grantham is a town near the A1 road in Lincolnshire, England. Margaret Thatcher was born here, and Isaac Newton went to school here. Grantham is famous for its gingerbread.
The town is a relatively small town but has multiple satellite villages. It has numerous estates, such as Gonerby Hill Foot, Manthorpe, Earlesfield and Alma Park.
There are several schools in the town, such as the Priory Ruskin Academy and the Kings Grammar School, which Isaac Newton attended.

Colsterworth

Colsterworth is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England. The parish contains the hamlet of Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth. In 2001 there were 1,508 people living in Colsterworth.

Dacre

Dacre is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1,326 people living in Dacre.

Dacre, North Yorkshire

Dacre is a village and civil parish in North Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 658 people living in Dacre.

Culgaith

Culgaith is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 721 people living in Culgaith.

Tebay

Tebay is a village and civil parish near the M6 motorway in Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 728 people living in Tebay.

Crosby Ravensworth

Crosby Ravensworth is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 538 people living in Crosby Ravensworth.

St Austell

St Austell is a town on the A390 road, in Cornwall, England. It is near an area of granite moorland where large quantities of china clay are produced. The district is full of disused clay pits and large mounds of waste material. The Eden Project has been built on the site of former china clay workings. St Austell's population is the largest of any town or city in Cornwall.

Shap

Shap is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1,221 people living in Shap.

Dufton

Dufton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 169 people living in Dufton.

Broxted

Broxted is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 526 people living in Broxted.

Chickney

Chickney is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 38 people living in Chickney. Chickney has a church called St Mary's Church, Chickney.

Rainband

A rainband is an area of rainfall where all the clouds and precipitation are stretched out in a long line or band. Rainbands can be stratiform or convective. They are caused by differences in temperature. When seen on a weather radar, the long narrow shape is called a banded structure. Rainbands in a tropical cyclone are curved and may even spiral around the center of the cyclone. Tropical cyclone rainbands include rain showers and thunderstorms. When this includes an eyewall and the eye, they make a hurricane or tropical storm. The size of rainbands around a tropical cyclone helps to measure the cyclone's intensity.

Rainbands that form near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which can produce tornadoes. The shape of rainbands linked with cold fronts can be changed by mountains. The mountains block the winds which can then form a low-level barrier jet. Bands of thunderstorms can form when sea breeze and land breezes meet, if enough moisture is present. Sometimes sea breeze rainbands which are ahead of a cold front, can hide the location of the cold front itself. Rainbands in an extratropical cyclone can cause large amounts of rain or snow. Behind extratropical cyclones, rainbands can form downwind of large, warmer bodies of water such as the Great Lakes. If the air is cold enough, these rainbands can cause heavy snowfalls.

Rainbands ahead of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts have little upward motion. They tend to be wide and stratiform in nature. In an atmosphere with rich low level moisture and vertical wind shear, narrow, convective rainbands form. These are known as squall lines, and are usually in the cyclone's warm sector, ahead of strong cold fronts associated with extratropical cyclones. Wider rain bands can form behind cold fronts, which usually have more stratiform, and less convective, precipitation. In colder cyclones, small bands of heavy snow can occur with a width of to . These bands are linked with areas of frontogensis, or zones of strengthening temperature contrast. The curved air flow from extratropical cyclones bringing cold air across the relatively warm Great Lakes can lead to narrow lake effect snow bands. These can bring heavy localized snowfalls.

Rainbands exist on the edges of tropical cyclones, and point towards the cyclone's center of low pressure. Rainbands within tropical cyclones need moisture and a low level pool of cooler air. Bands located to from a cyclone's center move outward. They can cause heavy rains and squalls of wind, as well as tornadoes. Some rainbands move closer to the center, forming a secondary, or outer, eyewall within intense hurricanes. Spiral rainbands are such a basic part of a tropical cyclone that in most tropical cyclone basins, use of the satellite-based Dvorak technique is the main method used to determine a tropical cyclone's maximum sustained winds. Using this method, the area of spiral banding and difference in temperature between the eye and eyewall is used to estimate the maximum sustained wind and a central pressure. 

Convective rainbands can form parallel mountains on their windward side. This is due to lee waves triggered by hills just upstream of the cloud's formation. Their spacing is normally to apart. When rainbands near frontal zones get close to steep mountains, a low-level barrier jet stream forms parallel to and just before the mountain ridge. This slows down the frontal rainband just before the mountain barrier. If enough moisture is present, sea breeze and land breeze fronts can form convective rainbands. Sea breeze front thunderstorm lines can become strong enough to hide the location of an approaching cold front by evening. The edge of ocean currents can cause thunderstorm bands due to heat differences where they meet. Downwind of islands, rainbands can form when low level winds meet downwind of the island edges. Offshore California, this has been noted in the wake of cold fronts.


ÖFB-Frauenliga

The ÖFB-Frauenliga (official name:Planet Pure Frauen Bundesliga) (German for ÖFB Women's League) is the highest level of Women soccer in Austria. The most successful team was USC Landhaus Wien with 12 titels, in the last years SV Neulengbach was the best club in Austria winning all titels from 2003/04 on.

Women football was played in Austria actually before the Second World War. In 1936 the first championship was organized by the "Österreichische Damenfußball-Union" (Austrian Ladies Soccer Union) with 9 teams from the Vienna area. But after the occupation of Austria by Nazi Germany it was suppressed. This continued till the end of the 1960s. In 1968 USC Landhaus Wien was one of the first women soccer clubs in Autria. In 1972 the first women championship after the war was organized by the Vienna Football Union. 1980 the first pure women soccer club (Union Kleinmünchen from Upper Austria) was founded. In 1982 the ÖFB organized the championship for the first time. Actually 334 teams are playing in 5 divisions. Also the number of players increased from 7 000 (2008) to around 17 000. Planet Pure, a cleaning supplies manufacturer from Vorarlberg, is the first official sponsor of the league.

Since 2002 the Austrian Champion plays in the UEFA Women’s Cup.


The list of champions:


Middle Jurassic

The Middle Jurassic is the second geological epoch in the Jurassic. It began 174.1 million years ago, and ended at 163.5 million years ago.

In the Middle Jurassic, Pangaea began to split apart. It began to separate into Laurasia and Gondwana, and the Atlantic Ocean formed. Tectonic activities closed the Paleo-Tethys Ocean. A subduction zone on the coast of western North America continues to create the ancestral Rocky Mountains.

During this time, marine life (including ammonites and bivalves) flourished. Ichthyosaurs, although common, are reduced in diversity. A type of crocodilians first appeared.

Plesiosaurs became common at this time. The top marine predators, the pliosaurs, grew to the size of killer whales and larger e.g. "Pliosaurus", "Liopleurodon".

New types of dinosaurs evolved on land. "Cetiosaurus" was an early sauropod found in England in the mid-19th century.

The environment in which "Cetiosaurus" lived was floodplain and open woodland. Brachiosaurs and "Megalosaurus" also lived in this environment.

The cynodont therapsids flourished with the dinosaurs, but they were only shrew-sized. None grew larger than a badger. One group of cynodonts, the Trithelodonts were becoming rare and eventually became extinct at the end of this epoch. The Tritylodonts were still common, though. In this epoch "true" mammals evolved from a group of cynodonts.

Conifers were dominant in the Middle Jurassic. Other plants, such as ginkgoes, cycads, and ferns were also common. These are the trees which the large herbivores ate.


List of Austrian women's soccer teams (1st and 2nd league)

This is a list of Austrian women football teams as they play in the 2023/24 season in the first and second division:



The 3rd till 5th division is organized by the local football associations of the federal states.

Club des Hashischins

The Club des Hashischins, the Hashish Club, (sometimes also spelled Club des Hashishins or Club des Hachichins), was a Parisian group who explored using drugs, mainly hashish, to get creative ideas. 

It was active from about 1844 to 1849. Some of the most important literary and intellectual people in Paris were members. They including Dr. Jacques-Joseph Moreau, Théophile Gautier, Charles Baudelaire, Victor Hugo, Honoré de Balzac Gérard de Nerval, Eugène Delacroix and Alexandre Dumas, père. Monthly "séances" were held at the Hôtel de Lauzun (at that time: Hôtel Pimodan) on the Île Saint-Louis.

Gautier wrote about the club in an article called the ""Le Club des Hachichin"" published in the "Revue des Deux Mondes" in February 1846. While he is often said to have started the club, in the article he says he was attending their séances for the first time that evening.

The group dressed up in Arab clothing. They drank coffee and added hashish, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, pistachio, sugar, orange juice, butter and cantharides. It was a thick, green mixture, like a jam.

Dr. Moreau wrote a book in 1846 about the cannabis and the drug taking experiments of the club. The 439 page book was called "Hashish and Mental Illness - Psychological Studies". Baudelaire wrote that while the drug did give people ideas, it quickly affected their personality. They felt they could only create while under the influence of the drug.


Fantaisie-Impromptu

Frédéric Chopin's Fantaisie-Impromptu in C♯ minor is a solo piano composition. It is one of his best-known pieces. It was composed in 1834. Chopin did not want the work to be published. Even so, it was published by Julian Fontana.

The structure of the piece is in "A B A Coda" form. Some aspects of this piece are similar to Beethoven's "Moonlight" Sonata. The opening tempo is "allegro agitato". It changes to "largo" for the two bars after the 'A' section. The tempo for most of the 'B' section is "moderato cantabile". Finally, after the 'B' section, it changes to presto. The piece on a C-sharp major rolled chord.


Mount Tabor, West Yorkshire

Mount Tabor is a village near Halifax in West Yorkshire, England. Mount Tabor has a church.

Smile (Avril Lavigne song)

"Smile" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne. The song was written by Lavigne with Max Martin and Shellback. It was produced by Martin and Shellback. "Smile" was released on April 11, 2011 to Australian radio stations. It was the second single from Lavigne's fourth album "Goodbye Lullaby". 

Lavigne asked her fans in Twitter what the next_title from Goodbye Lullaby should be. She asked them to choose between "Push" and "Smile". Lavigne confirmed that "Smile" was to be the second single from the album. Lavigne herself wanted "Push" to be released. The singer's record label, RCA, announced that "Smile" will be sent out to Polish radio in April. It would be sent out to USA, Canada, New Zealand, Asia, and the UK around this time. Lavigne posted photos of the set of her music video. This was on April 21, 2011.

Lavigne will perform the song on the German show "Schlag den Raab" on June 4, 2011. 




Source:

Cominform

Cominform was an organisation set up in 1947 to coordinate the European Communist parties. It was actually an organisation which enabled the Communist Party in the USSR to control the other Communist parties in Europe.

Douglas da Silva

Douglas da Silva (born 7 March 1984) is a Brazilian professional association football player who plays for Brusque as a central defender.

2005 he went from Brazil to Israel, where he started playing for Hapoel Kfar Saba and soon became one of the best defenders in the league. After four years with this club he went one to an Israelian top club Hapoel Tel Aviv, because his old club was relegated to the second league. With Tel Aviv he became cup winner and champion in 2010. They also played in the UEFA Champions league 2010/11 after eliminating Red Bull Salzburg in the play off round. He played in the Champions league group stage, but in December 2010 he signed with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg.In a preliminary match he was injured badly, so he missed the whole second part of the 2010/11 season.

Brazilian Portuguese

Brazilian Portuguese is a dialect of the Portuguese language. It is different enough from the dialect of Portugal that a speaker of one does not easily understand a speaker of the other. It has 210 million speakers (87% of the Portuguese speakers).

Ustaše

The Ustaše (also called Ustashas or Ustashi) was a Croatian racist, terrorist, and Nazi-like movement. It was engaged in terrorist activities before World War II. Under the protection of Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, the Ustaše ruled a part of Yugoslavia, after Yugoslavia was occupied by Italy and Germany. At the end of World War II, the Ustaše were defeated and expelled by the Yugoslav Partisans.

Croatian politician Stjepan Radić was shot in October 1928 and died a month later. Alexander I, King of Yugoslavia, imposed a royal dictatorship in January 1929 and made all political parties illegal. Ante Pavelić left the country for Vienna. He and Gustav Perčec, a former Austro-Hungarian Lieutenant colonel, established contact with an organization of Macedonian political emigres. These two groups agreed to coordinate their political activities for achieving full independence for Macedonia and Croatia. There and then, Pavelić secretly met with the leader of outlawed Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), Ivan Mikhailov, a declared enemy of Yugoslavia, and made agreement with him to cooperate against the Yugoslav state. The Court for the Preservation of the State in Belgrade sentenced Pavelić and Perčec to death on 17 July 1929. The exiles started organizing support for their cause among the Croatian emigration in Europe, North America, and South America. The Ustaše organization was small in numbers and was organized in military patterns. They fought Yugoslav statehood by means of terror.

The roots of the Ustaše ideology were in the Croatian nationalism of the nineteenth century. The Ustaše ideological system was chiefly based on the traditional pure Croatian nationalism of Ante Starčević. About it, W. Safran wroteBut another vision of Croatian identity that was closely tied to the Catholic Church and the Vatican and was led by an ex-seminarist Ante Starcevic became the ideological precursor to the Ustase. Starcevic and his followers emphasized the high achievements of Western Catholic, Croatian culture, while Serbian culture was depicted as oriental and inferior. Starčević's racism was further fully elaborated by Ustaša Ivo Pilar [under the pseudonym L. von Südland]. His book was translated into Croatian in 1943, by Pavelić's regime, as one of the tenets of his Ustaše and his Independent State of Croatia. At the same time, the Ustaše borrowed from traditional Croatian nationalism, the National-Socialism of Hitler, the fascism of Mussolini, and even from the program of the Croatian Peasant Party. The Ustaše aimed at an ethnically "pure" Croatia, and saw the Serbs that lived in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina as their biggest obstacle. Along that line, Ustaše ministers Mile Budak, Mirko Puk, and Milovan Žanić declared in May 1941 that the goal of the new Ustaše policy was an ethnically clean Croatia. They also publicly announced the strategy (on July 22, 1941 ) to achieve their goal, which resembled the bloodiest religious wars: "A third must become Catholic, a third must leave the country, and a third must die!"

The Ustaše persecuted the Serbs, who were Orthodox Christians. They were tolerant toward the Muslims Bosniaks, claiming that the Muslims were actually ethnic Croats that converted to Islam during the Ottoman Turk occupation of Bosnia. The state even converted a former museum in Zagreb for use as a mosque. The basic principles of the movement were laid out by Pavelić in his 1929 pamphlet "Principles of the Ustaše Movement."

The Ustaše's problem with the Nazi ideology was that the Croats are Slavs and were considered inferior by Nazi standards. Ustaše ideology thus created a theory about a pseudo-Gothic origin of the Croats in order to raise their standing on the Aryan ladder.

At Janka Puszta training facility in Hungary, IMRO terrorists trained Ustaše operatives in bomb-making and in conspirational activities. The Ustaše put that knowledge to immediate use, carrying out about half-dozen assassinations of Yugoslavian officials or pro-Serb civilians. They carried out a dozen bombings of trains, including the Orient Express, and other public targets during the first four years of their existence. This caused the Yugoslav Government to complain to the League of Nations and forced Hungary to close down Janka Pusta Ustaše training camp. Internal power struggle, and discovery that Perčec's mistress was a Yugoslav police informant, led to Perčec's assassination by Pavelić in 1933.

The Ustaše received the most funds from Mussolini, who also supplied the group with an Italian headquarters that changed location whenever Yugoslavia managed to track it down. Camps for training terrorists and saboteurs were set up in Italy, chiefly at Brescia and Borgotaro. An armed insurrection was attempted in 1933, when the Ustaše, armed by the Italians, attempted to invade Yugoslavia by crossing the Adriatic Sea in motorboats. This was unsuccessful, but its lack of success probably was instrumental in the decision to assassinate King Alexander I of Yugoslavia.

Two attempts were made; the last one was successful. Alexander was murdered at Marseilles on 9 October 1934, along with the French Foreign Minister, Louis Barthou. In the wake of the assassination, Mussolini renounced the Ustaše, and the group went deeply underground. The singular lack of armed protection afforded to the Yugoslav king, and the general laxity of security precautions when it was well known that one attempt had already been made on Alexander's life, are grim tributes to Pavelić organizational abilities. He had apparently been able to bribe a high official in the Surete General. The Prefect of Police of Marseilles, Jouhannaud, was subsequently removed from office.

The assassin was Vlada Georgief Cernozemski, a Bulgarian, who had already killed two members of the Bulgarian Parliament in Sofia. His accomplices were arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment. Pavelic was condemned to death by France, but managed to escape.

Yugoslavia brought charges against Hungary and Italy before the League of Nations in November 1934, offering evidence that Italy and Hungary had openly conspired against her sovereignty. The League of Nations did not discuss the Italian conspiracy against the national sovereignty of Yugoslavia. Italy refused to extradite Pavelić and Kvaternik to either France or Yugoslavia, and Hungary bore the brunt of the charges.

After the assassination, the Ustaše activities were prevented completely. A great number of Ustaše were caught and arrested in Italy, Germany, and Hungary. Italy interned many Ustaše to the Lipari camp, where many died. Janka Puszta Ustaše camp was raided by Hungarian police, who arrested some of them. Ustaše from Germany escaped to Switzerland, France, and England. Widespread outrage at the assassination of Alexander and Barthou led to the first international efforts to combat terrorism since the St. Petersburg Protocol of 1904. The issue was taken up by the League of Nations, which passed the convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Terrorism in 1937. After March 1937, when Italy and Yugoslavia signed a friendship treaty, many Ustaše in Italy were extradited to Yugoslavia.

Germany and Italy invaded Yugoslavia on 6 April 1941. On April 10, the most senior home-based Ustaša, Slavko Kvaternik, took control of the police in Zagreb and in a radio broadcast that day proclaimed the formation of the Independent State of Croatia ("Nezavisna Država Hrvatska", NDH). Maček issued a statement that day, calling on all Croatians to cooperate with the new authorities.

Meanwhile, Pavelić and several hundred Ustaše left their camps in Italy for Zagreb, where Pavelić set up his government on 17 April. He accorded himself the title of "Poglavnik", - which was equivalent to "Führer," or "Headman" in English. Pavelić's "Independent State of Croatia" comprised territory of Croatia, Srem, and Bosnia-Herzegovina - except parts of the Dalmatian coast and islands, which were ceded to the Italians. "De facto" control over this territory varied for the majority of the war, as the Partisans grew more successful, while the Germans and Italians increasingly exercised direct control over areas of their interest.

All who opposed and/or threatened the Ustaše were outlawed. In early 1941, Jews and Serbs were ordered to leave certain areas of Zagreb.

Pavelić first met with Adolf Hitler on 6 June 1941. Mile Budak, then a minister in Pavelić's government, publicly proclaimed the violent racial policy of the state on 22 July 1941. Maks Luburić, one of the chiefs of the secret police, started building concentration camps in the summer of the same year. Ustaše activities in villages across the Dinaric Alps led to the Italians and the Germans expressing disquiet. As early as July 10, 1941, Wehrmacht General Edmund Glaise von Horstenau reported the following to the German High Command, the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW):
A Gestapo report to Reichsführer SS Heinrich Himmler, dated February 17, 1942, stated that:
Italian troops in the field had competing territorial claims with their Ustaše allies and had cooperated from the start with Chetnik units operating in the southern areas that they controlled. Hitler tried to insist that Mussolini should have his forces work with the Ustaše, but senior Italian commanders, such as General Mario Roatta, ignored such orders.

The Ustaše enacted race laws like those of Nazi Germany. These laws were aimed against Jews, Roma, and Serbs, who were collectively declared enemies of the Croatian people. Serbs, Jews, Roma and anti-fascist Croats and Bosniaks, including communists, were interned in concentration camps, the largest of which was the Jasenovac complex, where many were killed by Ustaše militia. The exact number of victims is not known. The number of murdered Jews is fairly reliable: around 32,000 Jews were killed during World War II on NDH territory. Gypsies (Yugoslav Roma) numbered around 40,000 fewer after the war. Of the number of Serbs who died, estimates vary between 300,000 and 700,000.

The history textbooks in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia cited 700,000 as the total number of victims at Jasenovac. According to the Simon Wiesenthal Center (citing the "Encyclopedia of the Holocaust"), "Ustasa terrorists killed 500,000 Serbs, expelled 250,000 and forced 250,000 to convert to Catholicism. They murdered thousands of Jews and Gypsies."

The Jasenovac Memorial Area, currently headed by Slavko Goldstein, keeps a list of 59,188 names of Jasenovac victims that was gathered by government officials in Belgrade in 1964. The previous head of the Memorial Area, Simo Brdar, estimated at least 365,000 dead at Jasenovac. The Muslim Bosniaks community from Zenica published a declaration stressing the special position of Muslim Roma, and with help of Muslim religious authorities in Sarajevo, the declaration influenced the Ustaše authorities to make a special provision in May 1942 to spare Muslim Roma residing in Bosnia and Herzegovina from deportation to the concentration camps.

The Belgrade Museum of the Holocaust compiled a list of over 77,000 names of Jasenovac victims. It was previously headed by Milan Bulajić, who supported the claim of a total of 700,000 victims. The current administration of the Museum has further expanded the list to include a bit over 80,000 names. During the 1961 trial of Adolf Eichmann, Alexander Arnon (secretary of the Jewish Community in Zagreb) testified about the treatment of Jews in Yugoslavia during the war. Alexander Arnon's testimony included estimates of six hundred of thousand killed in the Jasenovac concentration camp.

During World War II, various German military commanders gave different figures for the number of Serbs, Jews and others killed on the territory of the Independent State of Croatia. They circulated figures of 400,000 Serbs (Alexander Lehr); 350,000 Serbs (Lothar Rendulic); between 300,000 (Edmund Glaise von Horstenau); more than "3/4 of a million Serbs" (Hermann Neubacher) in 1943; 600-700,000 until March 1944 (Ernst Fick); 700,000 (Massenbach).

The first group of camps was formed in the spring of 1941. These included:

These six camps were closed by October 1942. The Jasenovac complex was built between August 1941 and February 1942. The first two camps, Krapje and Bročica, were closed in November 1941. The three newer camps continued to function until the end of the war:

There were also other camps in:

Numbers of prisoners:

The Ustaše held the position that Eastern Orthodoxy, as a symbol of Serbian nationalism to them, was their greatest enemy. The Ustaše never recognized the existence of a Serb people on the territories of Croatia or Bosnia. They recognized only "Croats of the Eastern faith." They also called Bosnian Muslims "Croats of the Islamic faith,"(the latter which they wanted to force to convert to Christianity) but they had a stronger ethnic dislike of Serbs.

Some former priests, mostly Franciscans, took part in the atrocities themselves. Miroslav Filipović was a Franciscan friar (from the Petrićevac monastery), who joined the Ustaša army on 7 February 1942 in a brutal massacre of 2730 Serbs of the nearby villages, including 500 children. Filipović became Chief Guard of Jasenovac concentration camp, where he was nicknamed ""Fra Sotona"" by the camp inmates. He was hanged for his war crimes in his Franciscan robes.

For the duration of the war, the Vatican kept up full diplomatic relations with the Ustaša state (granting Pavelić an audience), with its papal nuncio in the capital Zagreb. The nuncio was briefed on the efforts of religious conversions to Roman Catholicism. After the Second World War was over, the Ustaše who had managed to escape from Yugoslav territory (including Pavelić) were smuggled to South America. It is widely documented that this was done through rat lines operated by members of the organization who were Catholic priests and had previously secured positions at the Vatican. Members of the Illyrian College of San Girolamo in Rome were reputedly involved in this: friars Krunoslav Draganović, Petranović, and Dominik Mandić.

The Ustaše regime had sent large amounts of gold that it had plundered from Serbian and Jewish property owners during WWII into Swiss banks. Of a total of 350 million Swiss Francs, about 150 million was seized by British troops; however, the remaining 200 million (ca. 47 million dollars) reached the Vatican. Allegations exist that it is still being kept in the Vatican Bank. This was reported by the American intelligence agency SSU in October 1946. This issue is the theme of a class action lawsuit against the Vatican Bank and others.
Adolf Eichmann trial witness Alexander Arnon testified about the Roman Catholic Church stance that time.
Unfortunately there were no protests. Croatia was definitely a Catholic state. Not even the Catholic Church in Zagreb said one word against the deportations and sufferings of the Jews.
E. Fratini and D. Cluster wrote in their book "The entity: Five centuries of secret Vatican espionage:"

The Archbishop of Zagreb, Monisgor Alojzije Stepinac, provided Catholic support to the Pro Nazi government of Ante Pavelic; knew right from the start about the massacres and extermination of Serbs, Jews, and Gypsies; and was one of the pillars of the effort to help Nazi and Croatian criminals to escape to South America after the Second World War.

Archbishop Stepinac also said this on 28 March 1941, in note of Yugoslavia's early attempts to unite Croatians and Serbs: "All in all, Croats and Serbs are of two worlds, northpole and southpole, never will they be able to get together unless by a miracle of God. The schism (Eastern Orthodoxy) is the greatest curse in Europe, almost greater than Protestantism. Here there is no moral, no principles, no truth, no justice, no honesty."

At the end of war, Ustaše continued fighting for a short while after the formal surrender of German Army Group E on 9 May 1945, and many refugees attempted to escape to Austria. Pavelić, however, with the help of associates among the Franciscans, managed to escape and hide in Austria and Rome, later fleeing to Argentina. The remaining Ustaše went underground or fled to South America and countries such as Canada, Australia, Germany, with the assistance of Roman Catholic churches and their grassroots supporters Some of them persisted in their crusade against Yugoslavia.

With the defeat of the Independent State of Croatia, the movement ceased to exist. Infighting over the failure to establish a Croatian state also fragmented the surviving Ustaše. Ante Pavelić formed the Croatian Liberation Movement, which drew several of the former state's leaders. Vjekoslav Vrančić founded a reformed Croatian Liberation Movement, and was its leader.

Vjekoslav Luburić helped form an organization called the "Croatian National Resistance" (Odpor) . This became the most violent of the Ustaše organizations which were born after the WWII. Luburić commanded the organization for twenty-five years from his refuge in Spain. His organization was heavily involved in racketeering, attempted murder, extortion, hijacking, terrorist bombings, and other violent crimes. After his death, his successors sought out criminal organization ties with La Cosa Nostra, the Provisional IRA, and the Croatian Mafia in San Pedro. Odpor was banned in Germany for terrorist activities and operated (in the US and Canada) between legitimate émigré functions and a thuggish underworld. Its leaders tried to distance the organization from the acts of the so-called renegade elements that hijacked international flights and served prison sentences for extortion. Odpor embraced a radical nationalist ideology that differed only marginally from Ustaše ideology.

The Odpor's most spectacular terrorist action was hijacking TWA Flight 355 on September 10, 1976. This terrorist action was masterminded by Zvonko Bušić, then the leader of the American branch of Odor. He and four other Croatian terrorists carried out the hijacking. Bušić also planted a bomb at Grand Central Station in New York City. An attempt to dismantle the bomb ended in a blast which killed one police officer and injured three others. All of the terrorists surrendered, and Bušić was sentenced to life in prison. The other four terrorists were sentenced to various long-term imprisonments.

Blagoje Jovovic, a Serb, shot Ante Pavelić near Buenos Aires, Argentina, on April 9th, 1957. Pavelić was injured and later died.

Another Ustaše terrorist organization, the Croatian Revolutionary Cell, Bruno Busic Department, bombed the R. S. Schullz publishing house in Percha on Lake Starnberg, Germany, on August 19, 1981. The group, which claims to be based in Paris, used one kilogram of Swiss Mark 2 dynamite. They threatened to use two more kilograms the following week if the firm published Tito's memoirs.




Kashubian language

Kashubian or Cassubian is a Lechitic language, a kind of Slavic language. It is spoken in the Polish region of Pomerania.

Today the language is taught in some state schools. Since 2005 it has been protected in Poland as a regional language. It is the only language in Poland with this status. The status was given by an act of Polish Parliament on January 6, 2005.

Żywiec

Żywiec (pronounce: [ˈʐɨvjɛt​͡s]) is a city in Poland. It is in the south of Poland in the historical region called Małopolska on Soła river in Silesian Voivodeship near Bielsko-Biała. It received city rights in 1327. In 2006 in Żywiec lived 32078 people. The current mayor is Antoni Szlagor.

Uniformitarianism

Uniformitarianism is the idea that the same physical laws of today have always operated. It was the centerpiece of James Hutton's 1795 geology book "Theory of the Earth, with proofs and illustrations".

In this work Hutton proposed that the causes acting on the world today also acted in the past. This means that the rocks of the Earth were formed by processes which we can see operating today. These processes, though very slow (gradualism), made the world what it is today. The idea is part of a wider philosophy called the philosophy of naturalism.

The term 'uniformitarianism' was invented by William Whewell in 1837 to describe Hutton's basic idea. This idea is the foundation of modern geology. 

Hutton's ideas were popularised by John Playfair in 1802 in "Illustrations of the Huttonian theory of the Earth", and by Charles Lyell in his "Principles of geology" (1830 to 1833). The phrase "the present is the key to the past" is Lyell's most famous quotation.

Uniformitarianism in geology is opposed by catastrophism, the idea that major changes in the Earth take place through sudden and violent events.

Upper Sorbian language

Upper Sorbian () is a West Slavic language spoken by the Sorb people in Germany. The language is spoken in the province of Upper Lusatia. Today this province is part of Saxony.

There are around 40,000 speakers of Upper Sorbian living in Saxony. Upper Sorbian is a minority language in Germany according to the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.

Saint Seiya

Saint Seiya (聖闘士星矢, "Seinto Seiya"), also known as Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac or simply Knights of the Zodiac, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1986 to 1991 and adapted into an Anime TV series by Toei Animation from 1986 to 1989.

The story follows five mystical warriors called the "Saints" (or "Knights") who fight wearing sacred armors named "Cloths", the designs of which derive from the various constellations the characters have adopted as their destined guardian symbols. These Saints have sworn to defend the reincarnation of the Greek goddess Athena in her battle against the other Olympian gods who want to dominate Earth.

Berks Area Reading Transportation Authority

The Berks Area Reading Transportation Authority (BARTA) is in Reading, Pennsylvania. BARTA has 50 buses, all hybrid electric buses.



3 of the Opus buses (0406, 0408-0409) were leased by COLTS (County of Lackawanna Transit System) in Scranton, Pennsylvania in June 2017. COLTS procured 4 buses from the South Central Transit Authority (SCTA) to fill a gap with the lack of buses in their fleet. One of the buses came from Red Rose Transit Authority. 0410 was donated to the Reading Muhlenberg Career and Technology Center for students to use for hands-on training after it retired at the end of 2016. 0407 was presumably going to be donated to the Berks Career and Technology Center. However, when it was listed for auction on Public Surplus website in February 2017, the transmission was broken. So therefore, 0407 was not donated to any of the CTCs for training, and it had to be towed from the property at the expense of the person with winning bid. 0756 and 0858 went to AppalCART in Boone, North Carolina. 0857 and 0861 went to ShuttleBus in York County, Maine.

All three of the New Flyers went to Indian Trails in Owosso, Michigan. They were renumbered 44-46, and 44 was assigned to Western Michigan University (Bronco Transit) service while 46 was assigned to Walmart Shopper Shuttle service.

Cornellà

Cornellà de Llobregat is a municipality in Baix Llobregat in Catalonia, Spain. It is on the left of the Llobregat river.

The history of Cornellà de Llobregat is defined by three principal factors: its proximity to the city of Barcelona, its being an area of passage from the capital of Catalonia, and the presence of the Llobregat River. Its name is of Roman origin (Cornelianus) and the first written reference to the city dates from 980 AD, although the city was incorporated into Barcelona's territory in the thirteenth century.

Open Season 2

Open Season 2 (also known as Open Season 2: Pets vs. Wild) is a 2008 animated-comedy movie and is the second movie in the "Open Season" movie series, directed by Matthew O'Challaghan and Todd Wilderman and produced by Kirk Bodyfelt and Matthew O'Challaghan. The movie was released on May 24, 2008. Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the film was positively welcomed from audience, just like the first film.

In the movie, Boog (Mike Epps) volunteers as the best man at Elliot (Joel McHale) and Giselle's (Jane Krakowski) wedding. However, the wilds are forced to go on an adventure when Mr. Weenie (Cody Cameron) gets captured by Bob (Mike de Seve) and Bobbie (Georgia Engel) and being forced to become a domestic pet by the pets' leader Fifi (Crispin Glover).

Elliot is in love with Giselle and is thinking of getting married. But in an accident, Elliot's giant new antlers are cracked. Boog and the others cheer Elliot up by having a rabbit fight. Mr. Weenie finds a dog biscuit trail that his previous owners left behind and follows it. Elliot sees Mr. Weenie being taking away by his old owners, Bob and Bobbie. The wilds decide to make a rescue attempt to save him. Boog, Giselle, McSquizzy, Buddy, Serge, and Deni all join in.

Meanwhile, the tame pets meet. There is Fifi, a toy poodle and his basset hound companion Roberto, two cats; one named Stanley, whose companion is a mentally retarded cat named Roger, and a Southern dog named Rufus, whose companion is his girlfriend Charlene. The wilds find Weenie, much to Elliot's dismay, who does not want to marry Giselle. They free him from his chains, but accidentally leave him stuck on an RV along with Buddy.

The owners, driving the RV, reach the pet camp with Mr. Weenie and Buddy. Buddy helps Weenie escape and Buddy tries to free Weenie from his shock collar. Meanwhile, Serge and Deni return and explain they found Weenie and Buddy at a pet camp, which they escaped from. Boog and the others set camp at a human camp. The wilds reach the pet camp, but the pets and their owners have already left, but realizes that they have gone to Pet Paradiso, a vacation spot for pets. Elliot finds Weenie and Buddy and goes to Pet Paradiso to save his friends.

The wilds reach Pet Paradiso and try to sneak in by disguising themselves as pets, with Giselle as a dalmatian and McSquizzy as a chihuahua. Boog attempts to sneak in as a cat, but gets the idea to be a sheepdog. Elliot also disguises himself as Boog's female human owner. Giselle and McSquizzy walk around Pet Paradiso looking for Mr. Weenie, but their cover is blown and are kidnapped by Fifi and the other pets.

There is a battle between the wilds and the pets, with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds. Elliot saves Giselle and accidentally places a pile of shock collars on himself. Fifi eventually grabs the remote and activates all the shock collars, but does not realize that Elliot put all the shock collars on him. Fifi survives, but the explosion caused him to lose his hair and become bald. The pets and the wilds settle their differences and decide to become friends. Elliot finally professes his true feelings for Giselle, and they get married. During a music number in the movie ending, Elliot falls off the edge again and his other antler falls off (again).


Sony announced the sequel in September 2007. And despite the first film grossing $85 million and $105 million outside the United States, Sony felt better with "Open Season 2" being performed on DVD, thus making a direct-to-DVD sequel. Sony Pictures Digital president said that "the studio will keep "Open Season 2" 's costs low by utilizing Imageworks' satellite facilities in India and New Mexico".

"Open Season 2" got mixed to average reviews from critics. Critic at DVD Verdict claimed, ""Open Season 2" is no classic (neither was the original), but it's a competent check-your-brain-at-the-door comedy for children of all ages. The animation and storytelling may not stack up against Pixar's (whose does?), but the flick offers something that Pixar movies generally don't: old cartoon slapstick and sight gags in the mold of Bugs Bunny."

On January 27, 2009, "Open Season 2" was released on DVD and Blu-ray.

The film received a direct-to-video sequel ("Open Season 3") on October 21, 2010.


Caron

A caron ( ˇ ) or haček (from ), is a diacritic. This is a special symbol that is written over some letters to show that they are pronounced differently. Some other names for the caron are: wedge, inverted circumflex, and inverted hat.

The caron is used in Baltic, Slavic and Finno-Lappic languages to show that a letter is pronounced differently than normal. Sometimes the caron is drawn over a letter to show that it "used" to be pronounced differently. Usually the caron shows:

The caron looks like an upside-down circumflex ( ˆ ). It looks a lot like the breve symbol, but is more pointed at the bottom. It is also used as a symbol in mathematics.

Roger Starr

Roger Starr (1918 - 2001) was an intelligence officer during World War II, businessman, active in community organizations, and New York City housing administrator. Later in life, he became a writer for the New York Times. One of his books was called "The Living End".

He proposed a "planned shrinkage" in 1976. He wanted people to leave the depressed areas like the South Bronx. The mayor he served as the Housing and Development administrator did not support the idea. Members of the City Council called it "inhuman", "racist" and "genocidal". Protesters would make disturbances on his public appearances.

Arctic ecology

Arctic ecology is the science that studies the ecology of the arctic. The arctic is all land and water north of the Arctic Circle (66 33’). This area is very cold and has little rain. In the winter there is almost no sunlight. The growing season, when farmers can grow crops, is very short.

The arctic biomes are taiga, boreal forest, and tundra. Many of the ecosystems in the arctic are fragile, and can be easily destroyed. These ecosystems are being hurt by global warming.

The arctic environment includes both land and water. Two important parts of this environment are sea ice and permafrost.

Sea ice is ice that floats in the ocean. It is made of frozen seawater. It is important because animals live and sleep on the ice, especially in winter. Sea ice lasts all year and never melts completely. There is less ice during the summer than during the winter.

Lots of land in the arctic is frozen all year long. Permafrost is a substrate (layer of soil) that has been frozen for two or more years. The dirt on top of the permafrost is called the "active layer". This dirt melts during the summer and is important for plants to grow.

In the arctic region there is less food. The algae is eaten by small insects. These insects are eaten by plankton. These are eaten by small fish these are eaten by big fish. Now, these are eaten by seals. Seals are at last eaten by polar bears.

Mechanism

A mechanism is a mechanical device for doing something. It includes the idea of tools and machines, but is used for a wider range of objects, processes and ideas. 

Palaeolithic hand axes were one of the first tools used. Simple modern mechanisms would be rope pulleys or levers. The internal combustion engine is a mechanism for turning oil into motion. A complicated example would be computers and the web.

The word "mechanism" is also used as a metaphor. The celestial mechanics of Kepler and Newton is a way of predicting and explaining planetary motions in the Solar System. Darwin's natural selection is his proposed mechanism as to how evolution took place.

In that way, a mechanism in science or technology is an explanation of how something works or might work.

Super Bowl XXXV

Super Bowl XXXV (or Super Bowl 35) was a Super Bowl game between the Baltimore Ravens and the New York Giants in the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2000 regular season. The Ravens won against the Giants 34–7. The game was played on January 28, 2001 at the Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida. The win gave the Ravens their first Super Bowl title and the City of Baltimore their second title in 30 years.

Baltimore linebacker Ray Lewis was named the game's Most Valuable Player (MVP).



Caps lock

Caps lock is the name of a key on a computer keyboard. When you press this key, letters that you type will be capital letters (like this, "ABC"), instead of lowercase ("abc"). The caps lock key is usually above the Shift key and below the Tab key on the left side of the keyboard. However, some people prefer it to be in other locations.

The way the caps lock key works is that once you press it, a light may come on, or you may get a message on the screen. This lets you know that text that you type will be in uppercase letters. When you press the key again, the light turns off, or another message may appear, saying that caps lock has been turned off and text you type will be back to lowercase letters.

Some keyboards and typewriters have a key called shift lock. It is a lot like the caps lock key in that letters you type will be in uppercase instead of lowercase. But shift lock also does something else: when it is on, keys which have two symbols on them, such as the number keys in the top row, will print the symbol on top, instead of the symbol on the bottom. For example, pressing the key with the number 1 on it will print the exclamation mark ("!") instead of the number 1. The caps lock key does not do this; it only affects the letter keys.

People who type a lot, such as those who use typewriters, use the shift key instead of the caps lock or shift lock keys unless they have to type many capital letters in a row. But there is also a neat trick you can do with the caps lock and shift keys: when caps lock is on, you can hold the shift key while typing and what you type will be in lowercase letters instead of capitals. This can be done on some computers, such as those running Microsoft Windows computers. 

Not all computers have a caps lock key. Some of those that don't have been made for the One Laptop Per Child program.

Page Up and Page Down keys

The Page Up and Page Down keys are two computer keys that you press to either scroll up or scroll down on documents. The page up and page down scrolling distance sometimes varies depending on which documents you are reading. If the page up of page down key is pressed together with the shift key it will highlight all the text. The page up and page down keys are sometimes called PgUp or PgDn and they are located on the right of the keyboard with page up on top and page down on the bottom.

Scroll lock

Scroll lock (or ScrLk) is the name of a key on a computer keyboard that was meant to lock all scrolling methods. The scroll lock key is rarely used and only came about because the original IBM PC keyboard had it. It was supposed to change how the arrow keys work. For example, when the scroll lock mode was turned on, the arrow keys would scroll the contents of a text window instead of moving the cursor. Today, the key doesn't do anything in most programs, and as a result, many keyboards today, especially those on laptops and mobile devices, do not have the scroll lock key.

Organ donation

Organ donation means that an organ is transferred from the body of one person to that of another person. This is done by a type of surgery called an organ transplant. The donor, the person whose organ is used, may be alive or recently dead. The person receiving the organ is called the recipient.

Organs that can be transplanted are the heart, kidney, liver, lung, pancreas, intestine, skin, and thymus. 
Tissues that can be transplanted include bone, muscle, tendon, cornea, heart, and veins. 

The most commonly transplanted organs worldwide is the kidney, followed closely by the liver, the heart. The most commonly transplanted tissues are the cornea, bones, and muscle.

There is a great demand for organs and tissues. Donors must give permission. Iran is the only country regulating donors selling one of their kidneys for payment, and there is no waiting list. There is a field of medicine called "regenerative medicine" that has made scientific advances to grow or create organs or tissues from stem cells.

Karakoram Highway

The Karakoram Highway is a road that connects China and Pakistan. It runs through the Karakoram range. It is about 1300 km long, and runs from Kashgar in China, to Hasan Abdal in Pakistan. Because it runs through the mountains, it is also a popular tourist attraction.

Assassination of John F. Kennedy

John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States, was shot and killed in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. This happened while he was riding in the presidential motorcade through Dealey Plaza with his wife Jackie, Texas Governor John Connally and Connally's wife Nellie.

As the car drove into Dealey Plaza, shots were fired. Kennedy was shot once in the throat, and once in the head. It happened at 12:30 p.m. Central Standard Time (18:30 UTC). The motorcade drove to Parkland Memorial Hospital away. At 1:00 p.m., Kennedy was pronounced dead.

Lee Harvey Oswald was the main suspect in the murder. He was arrested on the same day for the murder of a policeman, J. D. Tippit. He was charged with both murders later that night. Oswald denied shooting anyone. Oswald was shot by Jack Ruby two days later, on November 24. This was when Oswald was being moved from the police station to a jail. He died in Parkland Hospital.

The event left a lasting impression on many worldwide. As with the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor before it and the September 11 attacks after it, asking "Where were you when you heard about President Kennedy's assassination" would become a common topic of discussion.

An investigation into what happened was done by the Warren Commission in 1963–1964. It took 10 months. The commission decided that Oswald was the only person involved, and he had fired three shots from the window of a warehouse on the corner of Dealey Plaza. No one else was involved. The man who murdered Oswald, Jack Ruby, was also said to have acted alone.

Most people at the time believed this was true. However, other alternative theories as to what could have happened have developed. Surveys from 1966 to 2004 found that as many as 80 percent of Americans have suspected that there was a plot or cover-up.

Another investigation was done by the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) in 1979. They found that President John F. Kennedy was probably killed as a result of a conspiracy (a secret plot). The HSCA found both the original FBI investigation and the Warren Commission Report to have big mistakes. They agree with the Commission that Oswald fired all the shots. But they say that there were at least four shots fired. They also say that it was very likely that two gunmen fired at the President. No gunmen or groups involved in the conspiracy were pointed out by the committee. They said that the CIA, the Soviet Union, organized crime and several other groups were not involved.

The assassination is still the subject of a lot of debate. There are a lot of conspiracy theories. Some researchers have suggested that Oswald was not the shooter. Others have suggested that he conspired with others to kill the president. Most of these theories accuse criminal groups, the military–industrial complex, the government of Cuba, the KGB, or the CIA. Lyndon Johnson, George H. W. Bush and Sam Giancana are among those accused. That mob boss Sam Giancana was responsible is supported by the account of his brother and nephew. Only one person was ever put on trial: Clay Shaw, but he was found not guilty.

Some have also argued that the gunshots were fired so quickly there must have been more than one assassin shooting at the President. This could be supported by the fact that most witnesses said that the second and third shots were fired closer together.

Some believe that the bullets could not have hit Kennedy in the place they hit him if they had really been fired from the warehouse. Many of the workers at Parkland Hospital reported that a large portion of the back of the President's head appeared to have been blown out. This may suggest that he had been hit from the front.



Renault 25

The Renault 25 was a car made by Renault. It replaced the Renault 20 in 1983, and was replaced by the Renault Safrane in 1992.


Motorcade

A motorcade (or convoy, carcade, autocade) is a number of vehicles driving in the same direction on official business. 

Motorcades can be used to transport a very important person (VIP), usually a political figure. Such a motorcade is usually accompanied by police cars and other protection. This is to make sure the people in the motorcade are safe. For instance, motorcades for presidents often have four to six armoured cars, with police motorcycles and cars going in front and behind.

Depending on the size of the motorcade and who it is carrying, streets may be completely blocked off so no-one else can use them. This is common for the security of heads of state or government.

Motorcades can be used as protests and demonstrations. A large, organised, group of vehicles will travel a busy route at very slow speed. They do this to deliberately cause traffic disruption. This is often in relation to protest groups that have access to many large vehicles, such as truckers and farmers. 

A "funeral cortege" is a group of mourners following a hearse in a motorcade of cars. 


Doctors Without Borders

Doctors Without Borders or Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is a non profitable international medical humanitarian organization created by doctors and journalists in France in 1971. MSF gives emergency aid to people affected by wars, epidemics, famine, natural disasters and man-made disasters, or areas where there is no health care available. It provides this help to all people, regardless of their race, religion or political beliefs. 

In 1999 Doctors Without Borders was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. On 7 October 2015, President Barack Obama, also Nobel Peace Prize winner and at that time , issued an apology to Doctors Without Borders for .

Occluded front

An occluded front is a weather pattern. It brings cold weather and leaves cold weather. It happens when a cold front overtakes a slow-moving warm front. The cold front is heavier than the warm front and will push it up. The warm front slides over the cold one. Cloud and rain form along the occluded front until temperatures become equal as the cold and warm air mix. Some occluded fronts make tropical cyclogenesis.

Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan

Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan (Sarvepalli Radhakrishnayya; 5 September 1888 – 17 April 1975) was an Indian philosopher and politician.
He served as the 2nd President of India from 1962 to 1967 and 1st Vice President of India from 1952 to 1962. He was also the 2nd Ambassador of India to Soviet Union from 1949 to 1952 & 4th Vice-Chancellor of Banaras Hindu University from 1939 to 1948.

One of the most distinguished twentieth-century scholars of comparative religion and philosophy, Radhakrishnan held the King George V Chair of Mental and Moral Science at the University of Calcutta from 1921 to 1932 and Spalding Chair of Eastern Religion and Ethics at University of Oxford from 1936 to 1952.
Radhakrishnan's philosophy was grounded in Advaita Vedanta, reinterpreting this tradition for a contemporary understanding. He defended Hinduism against what he called "uninformed Western criticism", contributing to the formation of contemporary Hindu identity. He has been influential in shaping the understanding of Hinduism, in both India and the west, and earned a reputation as a bridge-builder between India and the West.

Radhakrishnan was awarded several high awards during his life, including a knighthood in 1931, the Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award in India, in 1954, and honorary membership of the British Royal Order of Merit in 1963. He was also one of the founders of Helpage India, a non profit organisation for elderly underprivileged in India. Radhakrishnan believed that "teachers should be the best minds in the country". Since 1962, his birthday has been celebrated in India as Teachers' Day on 5 September every year.

He was the bridge-builder between East and the West due to his great knowledge. He had the ability to simplify complex ideas.

Dr. Radhakrishnan was critical of the way teaching of Western Philosophers. The basis of criticism was that theology dominated the western thinkers preventing freedom of expression. He wrote books on Indian philosophy according to Western academic standards, and made all efforts for the West to give serious consideration to Indian philosophy. In his book, Idealist View of Life, he compares different ways of thought process and favours the simplistic rational way. He is well known for his analysis of "Human Way of Life" by listening from elders (Upanishads), use of common sense (Bramha Sutra) and practical way of living (Bhagvad Gita). His birthday is celebrated as Teachers Day all over India.


Tab key

The tab key (short for tabulator key or tabular key) is a key on a computer keyboard, found right above the caps lock key on the far left. It is used to take the cursor to the next tab stop.

In word processor applications, the tab key usually moves the cursor to the next tab stop. In most other graphical applications, the tab key shifts the focus to the next control or widget.



Speedrun

A speedrun is a play-through, or a recording of this play-through of a whole video game or a part of it, in which the player tries to complete this game as fast as possible. This is done for entertainment and competition. The term is a compound of the words "speed" and "run" (run means playing the game here). It is usually used for games which do not have quickly finishing them as one of the main goals. For example, gamers do not "speedrun" a racing game. In those cases the game's standard setting for recording fast times is called a "time attack" or "time trial" mode. Speedruns are usually recorded on video tapes (mainly where consoles are concerned), or as a digital file, by the people ("players") who make them. It is recorded for entertainment. It can also be used by others to verify that the players actually completed the game in the time they said that they did. Speedruns were created for entertainment. People who began comparing each others' playing skills through videos exchanged over the Internet started speedruns. People want verifiability to see whether a person followed the rules and thus see whether the run counts as a valid attempt to beat the record.

Speedrunning began as a small project. It was started few people who shared their runs online. However, it has become a phenomenon which is discussed in several active websites. There are many speedrun videos distributed for free on the Internet.

Tool-assisted speedruns (TAS) are played on a computer emulator. The player records the movie on the emulator and submits the movie file to TASvideos.org if the movie file is good enough to obsolete a published run on their site. These types of speedruns take longer to make because the player can use the advantage of going back in time in the game and finding the fastest reactions for enemies and other items to beat the game in a time which the game developer would never thought the game could be beaten so quickly.

Normal speedruns are played on a console or PC but some are done on mobile devices and recorded with a capture card or a DVD recorder. PC games are recorded with high quality screen recording software such as FRAPS and OBS. Two of the most common normal speedrun sites are called speedrun.com and Speed Demo's Archive. The runs are split into categories such as: any% NMS (which means that the runner must beat the game as fast as possible without any major skip glitches), 100% (which means that the runner must complete the whole game as fast as possible to get a 100% ending) and any% (which means that the player uses large-skip glitches that can be frame perfect). Before the speedrun is uploaded onto Speed Demo's Archive, the forum members have to verify the run to make sure that the runner was not cheating or using any game hacks.

Many speedruns take advantage of bugs in video games, especially clipping problems that allow a player to walk through walls.

Bomis

Bomis was an Internet company created in 1996 by Jimmy Wales, , and . Bomis is best known for having supported the creation of the projects Nupedia and Wikipedia.

Bomis was popular for hosting entertainment-, sports- and sexual-themed sites. When Nupedia started, Larry Sanger was hired to be the editor-in-chief for the project. But Nupedia resulted too slow to grow and too expensive to maintain, and Wikipedia was started as a side project to help Nupedia grow. In the end, Wikipedia became more popular than Nupedia; it closed in 2003 and Wikipedia was transferred to the newly created Wikimedia Foundation in 2003. Bomis closed in 2006.

Marco Meilinger

Marco Meilinger (born 8 August 1991 in Salzburg) is an Austrian footballer. He plays for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg as midfielder.

He started playing football with USK Anif, a team from a suburb of Salzburg. In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg, and 2005, after the club was bought by Red Bull, he played with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg.In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg, Red Bull Juniors. He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010. In 2011 he played on loan for SV Ried.

Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams. In 2010 he played with the U-19 team in the European Championship in France and was qualified with the team for the U 20-World championship in 2011.



Fernando Llorente

Fernando Llorente (born 26 February 1985 in Pamplona) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao and the Spanish National Team, as a striker. He won the FIFA World Cup with the Spanish National Team. Llorente has scored 90 goals in his career. He said no to offers from important teams such as Real Madrid. 

He has been selected by the Spanish national team 21 times and has scored 7 goals.

Behak Maken

Behak Maken is a village in the Sargodha District of the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is 17.5 km from Sargodha city and 10 km away from Dhreema, due to its geographical location, the British Royal Air Force built an air base between Chak No 92 NB and Chak No 105 NB (Godhay wala) nearby. It took on greater importance after the Independence of Pakistan for the Pakistan Air Force. The population grew rapidly. Approximately 75% of the population of this village belongs to the Maken caste or clan of this region.
Behak Maken was supposedly founded when one Raja Singh, Maken Rajput, first came to the Sargodha district (old Shahpur) sometime during the 12th or 13th century AD. It is claimed that the famous Punjabi Sufi saint Baba Farid "Ganj Shakar" appeared to Singh to instruct him in Islam after which the Raja settled permanently in the district with his family as a Muslim. He and his progeny founded this village and others in the vicinity.

Towards the end of the fifteenth century, some of the Baloch tribe from Makran migrated and flocked into the country in and around Mankera,and subsequently ruled here for the next three hundred years. Later on, it fell under Sikh rule until 1849, when the Punjab was annexed by the East India Company and thus British rule lasted here until 1947.

According to the 1998 census of Pakistan the village had a population of 5,513. In May 2011 the population of Behak Maken was estimated at 7000. About 90% of the people are followers of Sunni Islam.

The predominant ethnic population in the village is Punjabi with small communities of Muhajirs (immigrants/settlers from India) and Pashtuns.
The economy of this village is primarily agrarian. The vast fields of the village have allowed the farmers to develop a range of crops and animal breeding programs. Some of the main crops include citrus, wheat, rice, and sugar cane which are exported to the other cities as well as internationally. Citrus fruits such as oranges (local hybrid variety known as "kinnows") are the main fruit grown in the village. Other fruits grown here are Jaman, Guavas and Mangoes, Pears, Dates and Pomegranates. Almonds are also grown in minor quantities. Turnip, Onion, Cauliflower, Potatoes and Tomatoes are the main vegetables grown in the village. The main livestock in the village include goats, sheep, buffaloes and cattle. The village also supports an orange pulp processing factory on Jhang road. A Great Property dealure live in kolowal Nangiana.

Behak Maken has an elementary school for boys and one primary school for girls. Many students go to University/Colleges for their studies at Sargodha and Sahiwal, many children are studying in Chak No 84 NB (English medium school) and some also study in a number of small, private academies at Sargodha. Sargodha has several institutions of higher education and several research centres and the local Sargodha University.

During the British Raj most of the Maken clan or caste traditionally supported the Unionist Party (Punjab) but by the late 1940s, the swing started in favour of the All India Muslim League. After the creation of independent Pakistan, most of the people here remain supporters of the various Pakistan Muslim League factions, today.

An "Urs" (program of religious festivities) is held here every year on 25 March, in the memory of Syed Pir Hashim Darya Hamdani. Many followers come from different cities, towns and villages in Pakistan. It is a popular and joyous occasion with a "Qawwali" musical fest as well as a small rural fair with rides and other fun activities.

Punjabi is the main language of the people here. Urdu is also spoken widely.

Frequently two types of sports competition are played in this rural community. Volleyball and cricket are especially popular.

Many welfare groups are functioning in this community; they perform and organize any time any type of work for the help and development of this village like construction / repair of Mosques, Madrass, basic infrastructure, streets and roads and more.

Behak Maken residents and other populated places and communities in the vicinity are 
District and Tehsil Sargodha Post office and village Behak Maken
Postal Code: 40101

Kobie van Rensburg

Kobie van Rensburg (born 23 May 1969 in Johannesburg) is a South African tenor and opera director.

Van Rensburg studied singing with Werner Neel at the Northwest University of South Africa, but also law and international politics at Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education.
He made his debut in 1991 at the age of 20 as Belmonte in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" for the Roodeport City Opera. In 1996, he started an engagement at the Gärtnerplatztheater in Munich. Since the year 2000 van Rensburg has been working regularly with the Lautten Compagney Berlin (director: Wolfgang Katschner). With this ensemble he staged Monteverdi's "L'Orfeo" and published three recordings. Since 2011 van Rensburg collaborates with a different emsemble for Ancient and New Music, called "così facciamo". With them he staged Handel’s "Ariodante".
He sung his first name part as and in Mozart’s Idomeneo in 2006 for the New York City Metropolitan Opera. Van Rensburg‘s repertoire focuses on Baroque music.
However, he has also made his mark in song and Lied interpretation, focusing on English Baroque composers (i.e. Dowland, Byrd, Purcell), as well as German composers Beethoven, Schumann and Schubert, to name only a few.

At the Munich Gärtnerplatztheater van Rensburg staged, together with the librettist Peer Boysen the pasticcio "Ein Theater nach der Mode" in 2002, featuring compositions by Handel and other Baroque composers. In 2006 he gave his directorial debut in the Opernhaus Halle with Monteverdi‘s "L'Orfeo, in which he also sang the name part. Handel‘s first oratorio "Il Trionfo del Tempo e del Disinganno" was staged in 2009 in Passau by van Rensburg. His latest directorial work includes Handel’s opera Ariodante, premiered in February 2011 at the Munich Cuvilliés-Theater. Just like in his former own production "Il Pianto d'Orfeo" van Rensburg links the expressiveness of dancing with the music of the composition. The dancer serves as an Alter ego to the singer and thereby illustrates the emotions of the character he or she impersonates.



Pectinase

A pectinase is one of a class of enzymes which are able to split pectin. Pectin is a polysaccharide in the primary cell walls of terrestrial plants. Pectinases occur normally in flowering plants. 

Pectinases are used commercially to isolate the protoplasts that occur in plants. They are also used in the production of fruit juice, for plant-based coloring agents, and in the production of wine.

The Forsyte Saga

The Forsyte Saga was a drama mini-series on PBS. Main characters including Daimen Lewis as Soames Forsyte and Gina McKee as Irene.

Heinrich event

A Heinrich event is one of the events which occurred during the coldest point of "Bond Cycles" in which many icebergs were discharged into the North Atlantic and melted.
Evidence for this can be found in the north Atlantic sediment cores which show poorly sorted, angular and contain rocks. These were originally in the icebergs but dropped to the bottom of the ocean when the icebergs melted.

Heinrich events are a possible trigger to the onset of mini ice ages which follow a long period of thaw. An example might be the Younger Dryas, a brief cold period from about 12.8 thousand years ago to about 11.5 thousand years ago. 

The Younger Dryas stadial is thought to have been caused by the collapse of the North American ice sheets, although rival theories have been proposed. 

Hubert Cecil Booth

Hubert Cecil Booth (4 July 1871 - 14 January 1955) was a British engineer. He invented the vacuum cleaner. He was born in Gloucester, England. He died in Croydon, Surrey.

In 1900, Booth saw that if you put a handkerchief between your mouth and the floor, you can inhale dust from the carpet. When he saw this, he wanted to invent something get out the dust. Finally in 1901 he patented the vacuum, with a mechanical system.

Dominique Strauss-Kahn

Dominique Strauss-Kahn (born 25 April 1949) is a French politician and economist of Jewish descent. He studied economics and is a professor for economics at a university in Paris. He has held different posts in the French government, and was the head of the International Monetary Fund from 2007 to 2011. In France, his name is usually abbreviated DSK.

He is a full professor at the Paris Institute for Political Studies ("Sciences Po").He was a Professor of Economics at Paris West University Nanterre La Défense and Sciences Po, and was Minister of Economy and Finance from 1997 to 1999, as part of Lionel Jospin's Plural Left government. He belongs to the right wing of the Socialist Party (PS) (which is on the center-left of French politics). He was nominated in the 2006 primary elections of his party to become a candidate for the French presidential election in 2007. Ségolène Royal defeated him in these elections in November 2006.

On 14 May 2011, Strauss-Kahn was arrested and charged with sexually assaulting a woman in a hotel in New York. Strauss-Kahn denies all charges. A judge later approved his release on bail.

On 18 May 2011 he resigned from his post at the IMF, in order to be able to focus on his defense.

On 29 June 2011, French finance minister Christine Lagarde was elected IMF Managing director and took office on 5 July 2011.

From 1995 till 1997 he was mayor of Sarcelles.

Dominique Strauss-Kahn was born on 25 April 1949 in the wealthy Paris suburb of Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine. He is the son of lawyer Gilbert Strauss-Kahn. Strauss-Kahn's father was born to an father and a Catholic mother from Lorraine; Strauss-Kahn's mother is from a family in Tunisia.

Strauss-Kahn was first an activist member of the before joining in the 1970s the Centre d'études, de recherches et d'éducation socialiste (Center on Socialist Education Studies and Research, CERES) led by Jean-Pierre Chevènement, future presidential candidate at the 2002 election. There, he befriended the future Prime Minister of France Lionel Jospin (PS).

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 (short form: "Call of Duty: MW3") is a first-person shooter video game. It is the eighth game in the "Call of Duty" series and the third game in the "Modern Warfare" series. The game was made by Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer Games and Raven Software. The game was released on November 8, 2011.

The game is a first-person shooter, like the other "Call of Duty" games. There are three main sections to the gameplay: campaign, special ops (the cooperative mode) and multiplayer.
The campaign follows the events of "". Russia continues its invasion of the United States of America and expands its attack to Europe, including the countries England, France and Germany. The characters include people from previous games in the "Modern Warfare" series such as: John "Soap" Mactavish, Captain Price, Makarov and Macmillan.

There are three parts to the special ops mode: the Mission, Survival and Chaos modes. The Mission mode is a game mode that comes back from the special ops mode of "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2". In the Mission mode, players do lots of different missions and get stars for their work. The Survival mode is a new game mode. In the Survival mode, waves after waves of enemies attack the player/s. There is no way to complete Survival mode because the waves keep coming. There are thirty seconds between each wave of enemies. This is so the player has time to buy weapons, explosives and Pointstreaks. The Chaos mode is another new mode. Players must earn the most money they can, which is done by keeping the multiplier going and killing as many enemies as possible as quickly as possible. Weapons are scattered around the map, and perks and care packages assist the players.

One or two players can do Survival, Chaos and most Missions. Some Missions need two players.

The multiplayer is similar to that of "Modern Warfare 2". Players can do the multiplayer mode online or locally.

Players can play different game modes in a variety of maps. As the player does more, they unlock new weapons, attachments and perks. They also unlock new titles and emblems, and they increase their multiplayer rank until the limit of 80. Players can enter "Prestige" mode once they complete level 80. This resets all the player's weapons, perks and pointstreaks. The first time it is done, the player will be on Prestige 1, and so on. This can be done 20 times. If a player has reached Prestige 20, they can spend a Prestige Token to reset all statistics to level 0, Prestige 0.

The Killstreak system is now called the Pointstreak system and it has changed very much. There are now three Pointstreak packages. A player picks one package and selects three rewards from it. In previous games, Killstreaks could only be earned by killing other players. Poinstreaks can now be earned for completing objectives in any objective mode, or by shooting down enemy air support. Pointstreak rewards are organized into three different Strike Packages called Assault, Support and Specialist. In "Modern Warfare 3", there are lots of new maps, weapons et cetera. However, the overall way the game is played is the same. DLC packs include maps from previous games, but they mostly need payment to unlock them. Players can play as an American, Briton, African, Russian or as a Frenchman, although this is randomly chosen. The multiplayer factions are Delta Force, Special Air Service, Spetsnaz, GIGN, Inner Circle, Africa Militia and PMC.

On May 12, 2011, four teaser trailers were released on the official "Call Of Duty" YouTube channel. These trailers were called: America, England, France and Germany. The trailers suggest that the countries are locations for the game.
On May 23, 2011, the reveal trailer was released.
On May 31, 2011, Activision announced "Call of Duty Elite". This is a social service for the "Call of Duty" community to compare progress, create videos and access premium content. The service will work with "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3" and it will be launched at the same time as the game. On June 6, 2011, the first gameplay demo of the game was presented by Robert Bowling and Glen Schofield at E3 2011. On June 14, 2011, the first live gameplay demo of the new "Survival Mode" was played by Jimmy Fallon and Simon Pegg on "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon". On August 9, 2011, the trailer for the new "Survival Mode" was released on YouTube. On September 2, 2011, the multiplayer world premiere trailer was released on YouTube. On September 2–3, 2011, Activision held a two-day event called "Call of Duty: Experience 2011", in Los Angeles, CA, to promote the game.

"Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3" sold 6.8 million copies in the US and UK alone and grossed $470 million within 24 hours. It grossed more than $775 million globally in the first 5 days. "Modern Warfare 3" was also at the top of the UK video game sales chart in the first seven days. By November 21, 2011, the game was the bestselling title in the United Kingdom, sales dropping by 87%. "Modern Warfare 3" was still the top spot on the UK charts in the third and fourth week. The PS3 version of "Modern Warfare 3" was also at the top of the Japanese chart in its first week on sale. The PS3 version sold 180,372 copies, while the Xbox 360 version sold around 30,000.

Notes

Randy Roth

Randy Roth (born December 26, 1954) is an American murderer and thief from Washington. He was found guilty of the 1991 murder of his fourth wife, Cynthia Baumgartner Roth. Police thought he killed his second wife, Janis Roth, in 1981 but he was never put on trial for that. He was also found guilty of stealing from the place he worked, from an insurance company, and from Social Security. He was sent to jail for first degree murder in 1992.

Janis Miranda married Roth in March 1981. They were both divorced and raising a child on their own. While they were dating Janis and Randy seemed to be a very happy couple. They seemed to be very much in love. After they got married, they were not like that anymore. Janis' friends saw that she did not seem as happy as she had before. Randy made sure they had a large amount of life insurance. He said he wanted to be able to pay the bills if something bad happened.

On the day after Thanksgiving 1981, something bad did happen. Janis fell to her death from a cliff at a place called Beacon Rock. Randy Roth was the only person who saw what happened. What he told the police and rescue workers who came to look for her did not always make sense. They could not find Janis for many hours. When they found her, she was not below the spot that Randy Roth said she fell from. The police thought Randy might have pushed Janis off a cliff but they could not prove it. The same day as the fall, Randy made sure Janis would cremated. The next day he made sure he would get paid the insurance money. What he did not do was tell Janis' family and friends that she was dead. He did not even tell her own daughter for a whole week.

Roth had been married three times by the time he met Cynthia Baumgartner in 1990. Baumgartner was also a single parent. Her husband had died of Hodgkin's Disease in 1985. Randy Roth only told her about his own dead wife because she did not believe in divorce. He never told her that he had been divorced twice. Cynthia found out that Roth felt a need to control everything in her life. He did not want her doing anything on her own. Her friends saw that the way she looked and how clean her house was not as good as they used to be. They thought that Cynthia was sorry she had married Randy Roth. Roth was also abusive to all three of the boys in their house.

On July 23, 1991, they took Cynthia's two sons on a day trip to a big lake called Lake Sammamish. This is the same lake where Ted Bundy had kidnapped two young women years before. It was hot when the Roths arrived and the beach was crowded. Randy and Cynthia left the boys to play in the swimming area while they paddled their inflatable raft into deeper waters. Several hours later Randy Roth came back with Cynthia. She was either dead or dying from drowning. Lifeguards and paramedics tried to save her and take her to a hospital. She was dead when she got there. Randy Roth said that waves caused by a motorboat made the raft flip over and that Cynthia drowned because of that.

The police noticed that Randy Roth did not seem very upset that his wife was dead. He also did not always tell the story of how she died the same way. They began to think he might have killed her. Once again they could not prove it right away. Just like when Janis had died, he did not tell her friends and family but he did start trying to collect money from the insurance company right away. He had Cynthia cremated even though her parents did not want him to. After a while, he thought he was not going to get in any trouble but on October 8, 1991 he was arrested for murdering Cynthia.

The police knew it was going to be hard to get a jury to believe that Randy Roth killed his wife. Nobody but Roth saw what happened and there was no way to find anything at the place where she died since it was in a lake. They talked to the families of his other wives and his friends and neighbors. They began to think he did it for money. They also thought that he stole from people he worked for. Lori Baker was a friend of Cynthia's. She found out that Cynthia's will was missing and that Randy Roth was the last person to open the safe deposit box where it had been. Luckily there was another copy. When they read it they found out that Cynthia wanted her friend Lori and not Randy Roth to raise her sons if she died. This made Randy Roth very angry. He was hoping to get money from Social Security that they pay to children whose parents die in accidents. When Lori Baker came to get the boy's stuff from Randy's house, he yelled at her and would not let her take some of the stuff.

Neighbors and an old friend of Roth told the police that Roth had faked burglaries to get money from the insurance company. A girl he had lived next door to told them she had sex with Randy when she was only fifteen years old. They said they never told anyone these things before because they were scared Randy Roth might do something to them.

Roth had claimed that he had served in the Marines in a special forces unit in the Vietnam War. He also said he had been taught how to kill someone with no weapons and without leaving any marks on them. Randy Roth had been in the Marines, but he worked as a file clerk in Okinawa. He had never been to Vietnam or fought in a war. His mother helped him get out of the Marines early.

The police also talked to people about the death of Janis Roth ten years earlier. They met the police who had investigated it. They found out that there were a lot of things that were the same. He had said things that did not match up with other things he said. He did not seem as upset as most people would be if their wife died. He had her cremated right away. It seemed like he had killed two of his wives and done other criminal things. A judge decided they could arrest him and search his house. When they searched, they found many things that should not have been there. Most of these things belonged to the place where Randy Roth worked. He had stolen them. They also found receipts from when Randy Roth had bought things he said he was given by the Marines for fighting in Vietnam. In the garage, they found a poem that Cynthia wrote about how Randy did not really love her. They also found out that Randy Roth had called someone on the telephone. Those people got to the house before the police and took some of the stolen things out of the house.

The police had the raft that Randy said had flipped over. They took it back to the same place at the lake and tried to get a boat to make a wave big enough to make it flip over. They could not get the boat to flip over. They threw bags of things into the lake that Randy said he had got back out after he got Cynthia back in the raft. They found out that the things sank too fast for that to be true. They also found out that Randy had a brother who was already in jail for killing a woman, and that Randy had been to jail for stealing. They talked to the people from Social Security and found he had told them lies to try and get money. They felt like they found out about a lot of dishonest things Randy did that would make him look bad in court.

Randy Roth's lawyer tried to stop the trial. When that did not work, he tried to get the judge to tell the other lawyers that they could not tell the jury about the other crimes Randy Roth did. That did not work either.

Randy's lawyer told the jury that he was just unlucky. The prosecutor said he was greedy and did not care about anyone but himself.

Over one hundred people got up and talked about Randy Roth. One of them told how he had taught Randy how to scuba dive and that he was a very good swimmer. Roth had told the police that he was not good at swimming. People who were at the lake said that when Randy came back with Cynthia that he was not in a hurry or very upset about his wife drowning. Jalina Miranda was the daughter of Janis Roth. She told them how Randy did not tell her for a week that her mother was dead and that he stole money from her. They also heard the poem that Cynthia wrote about how Randy did not love her.

Randy Roth took the stand and talked for twenty hours. It took almost a week before they were done asking him questions. The prosecutor tried to get him to talk about all the lies he had told about Vietnam and other things. He could not lie that any longer but he said that he was telling the truth about how Cynthia died. He never got upset or angry about anything and still did not seem sad about his wife dying.

Eight and a half hours after the trial ended, the jury came back and said he was guilty of murdering his wife and stealing.

Beacon Rock, where Janis fell and died, was in a place called Skamania County. They said if Randy Roth went to jail for more than fifty years they would not put him on trial for killing Janis. Trials cost much money and Skamania County did not want to use that money if Roth was going to be put in jail for more than 50 years already. The judge said Randy would go to jail for fifty-one years. Fifty years for killing Cynthia and one year for stealing. He will not be able to get parole until at least 2029. Lori Baker, the friend who took in Cynthia Roth's sons, went to court to make sure that Rany Roth and his family did not get any money from the insurance company or from selling Randy and Cynthia's house. Two books were written about Randy Roth and the murder. These books were "A Rose for Her Grave" by Ann Rule and "Fatal Charm" by Carlton Smith.


Gully

A gully is an area where rain and wind wash the topsoil away, leaving a deep channel in the ground. it may also make a hill that varies in looks.

Abadeh

Abadeh is a city in southwestern Iran. In the year 2006 there were 52,042 people living there. The city is the capital of Abadehy County.

Voir dire

Voir dire () is a name for the process of choosing jurors for a trial. It can also mean a small meeting between lawyers and a judge during a trial. It originally referred to an oath taken by jurors to tell the truth (). In the modern court systems, voir dire is a process governed by state and federal laws. It is basically designed to find biases in jurors. It has other uses depending on the court system.

The origin of the legal term voir dire is Anglo-Norman. It was an oath given to members of a jury. Witnesses are usually sworn in with the oath: "The evidence you shall give... shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth...". The voir dire oath was: "you shall true answer make to all such questions the court shall demand of you..." In the United States the history of voir dire goes back to the Massachusetts Jury Selection Law of 1760. Many cases that went to trial involved seditious libel. British officials in the colonies put anyone on trial who printed anything criticizing British rule. To get every conviction possible, the British government made sure to only pick jurors who would convict the defendant. The sheriff was made responsible to select a list of jurors favorable to the British crown. To counter this, the 1760 Massachusetts law required the list the sheriff used to be selected by a town meeting. In those public meetings prospective jurors were questioned about any biases they might have. Defendants were also able to question possible jurors before they were selected. This voir dire process made jury selection fair. In 1774 the British Parliament cancelled the 1760 Massachusetts law. They left jury selection up to the court. This gave the crown a free hand in making sure trials ended the way they wanted. But, two years later the Americans declared their independence. The American system of voir dire was developed from that time on.

Voir dire is an opportunity for lawyers to get the best juries for their client. This can become very involved. The process begins as the potential jurors enter the courtroom. The lawyers or their paralegals study the jury panel. They watch body language. They watch who jurors talk to or sit next to. There is a great deal of psychology used in jury selections. Juror behavior can be as important as their answers to questions. The voir dire questions are designed to reveal how a potential juror thinks. For example, books potential jurors read can reveal how they might vote. Also, lawyers try to give each juror individual attention while their paralegal takes notes. Eye contact, body language and attitude are all carefully studied during the interview. 

In the United States voir dire is used to eliminate jurors who may have been influenced by pretrial publicity. But there are some indications it may do just the opposite if jurors are asked what their opinions are as to what the outcome should be. Outside the United States pretrial publicity is handled differently. Judges can order individuals not to talk about the trial while it is in progress. This is the case in Australia and Canada.

Judges have a great deal of discretion (choices) in the voir dire process. In some courts the judge conducts voir dire. In other situations it is left entirely to the lawyers. In some cases it is a combination of both. Jurors are usually not quite as honest in answering voir dire questions with a judge as they are with a lawyer.

In some courts lawyers are given the chance to interview expert witnesses before they testify. An expert witness is anyone who has specialized or expert knowledge of a subject more than an average person would have. Sometimes an expert can be interrupted in his or her testimony for a voir dire to challenge their expertise. If a judge feels the challenge was successful, he can tell the jury to ignore the testimony.

In the United Kingdom voir dire is not used for jury selection. It is used to decide what evidence can and cannot be presented during the trial. This can include confessions made to the police. In Australia and Canada, voir dire is used as a sub-trial within a trial to examine evidence. It is usually done with the jury absent from the courtroom. In Canada, voir dire can also be used to challenge a particular juror for cause (for a specific reason). But cases of challenging a juror under voir dire are rare in Canada.


Rob Niedermayer

Robert Wade Niedermayer Jr. (born December 28, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 17 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons for the Florida Panthers, Calgary Flames, Anaheim Ducks, New Jersey Devils, and Buffalo Sabres.


Doric

Doric could mean:

Go-Ahead London

Go-Ahead London is made up of lots of bus companies. It first opened in August 2008.
It is the largest bus operator in London. They have 115 routes given to them by Transport For London. Here are the different names of the companies that make up Go-Ahead London:

The following companies are part of Go-Ahead London.


Doric order

Doric order was one of the three orders of architecture in Ancient Greece; the other two orders were Corinthian order and Ionic order. The order was named after the style of columns used in buildings. It included the base, the shaft, the top (capital), and the part supported at the top; the architrave, the frieze and the cornice. Each order has its own style.

Doric was the earliest style and used by the Greeks for most of their buildings and temples, including the Parthenon. It is believed that the style was first made using wood. The style features heavy columns, a saucer shaped capital on the top, and no base.

The columns (17) are fluted (18), which means they have about 20 grooves cut into them. The top of the column, the capital (14) is made up of a group of annulets. The saucer shaped piece is called the echinus (16). Above this is a square piece of stone, called the abacus (15), on the top. This supports the entablature, which is about one third of the height of the column. This is made up of a plain architrave (13) and a frieze with triglyphs (8). Between the triglyphs are square spaces, called metopes (9), which can be used for sculptures. Above this is a cornice with large blocks called mutules (5), which overhang the frieze. The lower surface of these blocks are called the soffit. Above this the block of stone has a plain vertical face called the corona. It is finished on the top with more decorations.

Parts of the frieze sculptures from the Parthenon were removed in the 1800's and taken to the British Museum. They are known as the Elgin Marbles.

Clint Malarchuk

Clint Malarchuk (born May 1, 1961 in Grande Prairie, Alberta) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played 11 seasons in the NHL. He played 5 seasons with the Quebec Nordiques, 2 seasons with the Washington Capitals and 4 seasons with the Buffalo Sabres. He is probably best known for the serious throat injury that he received from a skate blade during a game. 

On March 22, 1989, Malarchuk was injured during a game between the Sabres and St. Louis Blues. Steve Tuttle of the St. Louis Blues and Uwe Krupp of the Buffalo Sabres became entangled when they were chasing the puck and they both crashed into Malarchuk's net, Tuttle's skate hit Malarchuk on the neck and severed his internal carotid artery which caused puddles of blood that collected on the ice. Malarchuk left the ice on his own two feet but he thought he was going to die so he said "All I wanted to do was get off the ice". "My mother was watching the game on TV, and I didn't want her to see me die." He knew that his mother was watching the game on TV and he had an equipment manager call and tell her he loved her. He also asked for a priest. His life was saved when the team's trainer, Jim Pizzutelli who was a former Army medic who had served in Vietnam. had reached into Malarchuk's neck and pinched off the bleeding. He did not let go until the doctors arrived to begin closing the wound. After the doctors spent 90 minutes and used over 300 stitches to close the wound he returned to practice four days later and was back in the net against the Quebec Nordiques after about a week. He made in time for the playoffs but the Sabres lost to the Boston Bruins 4 games to 1.

Malarchuk suffered mental health issues from this incident later on. He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder. On October 7, 2008, Malarchuk attempted to commit suicide with a .22 Long Rifle.

In November 2014, he released an autobiography called "The Crazy Game" also known by the title "A Matter of Inches—How I Survived In The Crease And Beyond" in the United States. Since the book release, Malarchuk and his wife have traveled around speaking about mental health issues and suicide prevention.

Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf

The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (; "Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf") is a political party in Pakistan. PTI was founded by former Pakistani cricket captain and philanthropist Imran Khan (Pakistani cricketer). The party's slogan is "Justice, Humanity and Self Esteem".

Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was founded by Imran Khan on April 25th, 1996 in Lahore, Pakistan. The constitution of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was approved on January 24th, 1999 by the CEC in Lahore, Pakistan. 

The PTI manifesto states "The PTI agenda of resurgence articulates the long neglected aspirations of our people and spells out the vision of a modern Islamic republic that advocates tolerance, moderation and freedom to practice the religion of one’s choice."


Kevin Spacey

Kevin Spacey Fowler, (born July 26, 1959) is an American actor, director, screenwriter and producer.

Spacey was born on July 26, 1959 in South Orange, New Jersey. He moved to Southern California at age four. The name "Spacey" was the surname of his grandmother, he took it as his acting surname in high school. He worked as an actor in the theatre before he worked in movies and shows.

Spacey's first professional stage appearance was in 1981. He was a spear carrier in a New York Shakespeare Festival performance of "Henry VI, Part 1". In 1982, he made his first Broadway appearance, as Oswald in a production of Henrik Ibsen's "Ghosts", starring Liv Ullmann. Then he played Philinte in Molière's "The Misanthrope". In 1984, he appeared in a production of David Rabe's stage play "Hurlyburly", in which he played each of the male parts on different nights. Next came Anton Chekhov's "The Seagull". In 1986, he appeared in a production of "Sleuth" in a New Jersey dinner theatre. He became best known as a stage actor in 1986, when he was cast opposite Jack Lemmon, Peter Gallagher and Bethel Leslie as Jamie, the eldest Tyrone son in Jonathan Miller's production of Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night". Lemmon became a mentor to Spacey. Although he had decided he liked making movies better, Spacey stayed active in live theater community. In 1991, he won a Tony Award for his portrayal of Uncle Louie in Neil Simon's Broadway hit "Lost in Yonkers".

He got his Oscar Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in "The Usual Suspects" and for Best Actor in "American Beauty" (1999). A few of the other movies in which he played the main part are "Seven", "L.A. Confidential", "Pay It Forward" and "Superman Returns". He worked as the artistic director of the Old Vic theatre at London in 2003 and played Francis Underwood in the television drama series, "House of Cards" until 2017 when allegations of sexual harassment arose about Spacey. Spacey was set to play J. Paul Getty in the 2017 crime drama movie "All the Money in the World", but after sexual harassment statements were made against Spacey, director Ridley Scott decided to cut his scenes and Christopher Plummer replaced him.

Spacey came out as gay in October 2017.

In late October 2017, in a response for the #MeToo campaign, actor Anthony Rapp alleged that Spacey, while appearing drunk, made a sexual advance to him in 1986, when Rapp was 14 years old. After hearing of this, Spacey apologized on Twitter saying he did not remember the hebephilic incident, but that if he behaved as described by Rapp, he owes him "the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior."

Spacey ended the apology by saying that "I have had relationships with both men and women. I have loved and had romantic encounters with men throughout my life, and I choose now to live as a gay man."

Afterwards, 13 others came forward saying similar episodes of abuse. On November 1, Spacey stated that he would be seeking "evaluation and treatment" for his behavior. One of the accusers was Norwegian royal Ari Behn.

In December 2018, Spacey was charged with sexually assaulting a male minor in Nantucket, Massachusetts in July 2016. Spacey appeared in court on January 7, 2019.





International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia

The International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia is held every May 17.

On the 17th of May in 1990, the World Health Organization removed homosexuality from the International Classification of Diseases, where it was listed as a mental illness.

International Day Against Homophobia started off in Canada in 2003 as the National day against Homophobia, and was initiated by Fondation Emergence .

In 2006 The Declaration of Montreal (pronounced in Montreal during the first Outgames) demanded all countries to recognize this day, and several countries, including the European Union and Brazil have already recognized it formally.

In 2014 Fondation Emergence changed the day's name from "international day against homophobia" to "international day against homohobia and transphobia" in order to include trans realities to its mission. As well in 2015 the day's name to "international day against homophobia, transphobia and biphobia" in order to include bisexual realities to the mission.

Each year, since 2003, Fondation Emergence launches a campaign to fight homophobia and transphobia in the world with a particular angle such as homoparentality, allies, age and trans people.

Their last campaign has been translated into 18 languages.


Redwood

The redwoods are a subfamily of conifers, the Sequoioideae. They are in the Cypress family Cupressaceae. 

They are common in the coastal forests of Northern California and are perhaps the largest tree in the world. There are three living genera. There were once more species of redwood trees, but most have become extinct.

These trees are pyrophytes: they have adapted to survive forest fires. Because fire is common where they grow, redwood trees have developed thick, fire-resistant bark. "Their cones open only after a fire". Because fire control is better these days, the trees are endangered.

Redwood trees can grow to be very large. The largest species, "Sequoiadendron giganteum", can get to 94.8 m tall and 17 m across. The tallest tree in the world is claimed to be a "Sequoia sempervirens" named Hyperion. The largest tree in the world by volume is claimed to be a "Sequoiadendron giganteum" named the General Sherman Tree, after William Tecumseh Sherman.


However, in principle, they can grow in many other places. 

King Creole

King Creole is an American movie directed by Michael Curtiz, released by Paramount Pictures on July 2, 1958. The movie stars Elvis Presley, Carolyn Jones, and Walter Matthau. It is Presley's fourth movie (the third and last filmed in black & white). It was based on the 1952 novel by Harold Robbins, "A Stone for Danny Fisher".

Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher, who is forced to drop out of school to help support his father (Dean Jagger). Always in trouble, Danny is saved from a jail term by New Orleans saloon-keeper Charlie Le Grand (Paul Stewart), who gives the boy a job as a singer. Soon a local gang boss, Maxie Fields (Walter Matthau), a shadowy figure from Danny's criminal past, puts pressure on the boy, insisting that Danny sing at his saloon. To tempt Danny, Maxie relies upon the seductive charms of his girlfriend Ronnie (Carolyn Jones), while Danny's true love Nellie (Dolores Hart) suffers on the sidelines.


Hal Wallis purchased the rights to "A Stone For Danny Fisher" so he could make a non-musical movie starring either James Dean or Ben Gazzara. After Dean died in 1955, the project did not continue. In January 1957, following the success of an Off-Broadway stage version of the story, Presley's name was suggested as a possible replacement. The character of Fisher was changed from a boxer to a singer and the story was moved from New York to New Orleans.

With filming starting in January 1958, Presley had to get special permission to delay his entry to the US Army, until after filming was complete.

Michael Curtiz, a noted director during the golden era of the Hollywood studio system was hired for the project. His famous movies included "The Adventures of Robin Hood" in 1938, "Yankee Doodle Dandy" in 1942, and in the same year, "Casablanca",

After seeing an early copy of the movie Presley thanked Curtiz for giving him the chance to show people he could be an actor. "King Creole" was said to have been Presley's favorite role of his entire career. He had high hopes of returning from the Army to pick up from where he had left off. However, despite success of the movie, he never got the chance to be taken as seriously as an actor again, with the exception of the westerns "Charro!" and "Flaming Star". This was partly due to the success of later movies such as "Blue Hawaii", "G.I. Blues", and "Viva Las Vegas". These were all quick to make, low cost box-office hits. They had enough songs to sell soundtrack albums and entertain the thousands of Presley fans who were more eager to see him sing than act.

"King Creole" was the last movie Presley made during the 1950s and is often said to be his best role.

Filming took place between January 20 and March 12 1958. Twelve days after the finishing "King Creole", Presley joined the U.S. Army.



Rolling in the Deep

"Rolling in the Deep" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele. It is from her second studio album, "21". The song was written by Adele and Paul Epworth. Adele has described it as a "dark blues-y gospel disco tune". It was released as the lead single on 29 November 2010 in the Netherlands. "Rolling in the Deep'" became Adele's first number-one hit single in the United States and Canada. It was also her first top-five hit in several countries.

Critics have given positive reviews for the song. It reached number one in Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, and Switzerland. It also reached top ten in Austria, Canada, Denmark, Ireland, New Zealand, and Norway. The song debuted at number two in the United Kingdom. There, it became Adele's third top-ten single.

"Rolling in the Deep" became Adele's second single to chart in the United States. After that, it became her first single to go to top of a "Billboard" chart. This was when it reached number one on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks chart in May 2011. It also became her first number one hit in the country when the song reached #1 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in May 2011. As of May 2011, "Rolling in the Deep" had sold over 2 million digital copies in the US. The song is her best-selling single in the country. It has sold more copies than her previous best-selling single "Chasing Pavements".

The song has "martial arts", "pounding piano keys" (played by Neil Crowley) and "chanting backing singers". Critics have said Adele's vocals are like <nowiki>Wanda</nowiki> Jackson's "dirty-blues growl." AOL Radio Blog's Nadine Cheung says the song is "sung from the perspective of a scorned lover, who is finally able to see the light, but despite regretful sentiments, reconciliation is not an option here."

The song was praised by critics for Adele's powerful voice, the lyrics and the song's instrumentation. "The Sun" called the song an "epic, foot-stomper of a pop anthem." They said it had a thumping piano. According to "The Sun", Adele's vocals seemed to be that of a veteran who has been singing for 20 years . Bill Lamb from About.com gave it 5 stars out of 5. He praised her voice and the emotion with which she sang the song. He said the song could "raise chills up the spine." He added that after hearing the song, people would want to hear the full album. Jason Lipshutz from "Billboard" praised the chorus of the song and its instrumentation. Lipshutz praised Adele's vocal performance. He said Adele was confident about her vocal ability. Lipshutz praised the way Adele started the chorus of the song. "Rolling Stone"s Barry Walters gave "Rolling in the Deep" a positive review. He said Adele's voice was "powerful but not particularly pop" in the song. He said that the song started with "a stroked acoustic guitar." But he described its end as "stomping" and one that has hand-clapping. He said this showed that the English liked to modify Black American roots music.

The music video was premiered on Channel 4 on 3 December 2010.




Credits are taken from "21" liner notes.

Source:

Artesian aquifer

An artesian aquifer is an underground layer which holds groundwater under pressure. This causes the water level in the well to rise to a point where the pressure is equal to the weight of water putting it under pressure. This type of well is called an artesian well. Water may even reach the ground surface if the natural pressure is high enough, in which case the well is called a flowing artesian well.

An aquifer is a geologic layer which can hold water such as sand and gravel, limestone, or sandstone, through which water flows and is stored. An artesian aquifer is trapped between rocks or clay which causes the pressure. Water returns to the aquifers when the water table at its recharge zone is at a higher elevation than the head of the well.

Fossil water aquifers can also be artesian if they are under sufficient pressure from the surrounding rocks. This is similar to how many newly tapped oil wells are pressurized.

Artesian wells were named after the old province of Artois in France. Many artesian wells were drilled there by Carthusian monks from 1126.

There are artesian aquifers in many countries including Australia, the USA, Spain, Italy, the United Kingdom, Fiji and Canada. The Great Artesian Basin is the largest and deepest artesian basin in the world, occupying 23% of the Australian continent.

2010 Pakistan floods

The 2010 Pakistan floods began on 26 July 2010 and continued into the following month. They resulted from heavy monsoon rains in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Punjab and Balochistan regions of Pakistan and affected the Indus River basin. Approximately one-fifth of Pakistan's total land area was underwater, approximately . According to government data, the floods directly affected about 20 million people, mostly by destruction of property, livelihood and infrastructure, with a death toll of 1,781 in 2010

David Reed (American football)

Brandon David Reed (born March 22, 1987) is an American former professionalfootball wide receiver. He played parts of 4 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and Indianapolis Colts.

Reed was drafted out of the University of Utah by the Baltimore Ravens with the 156th pick in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On August 21, 2013, the Ravens traded Reed to the Indianapolis Colts in exchange for Delone Carter. He played 7 games with the Colts. He was waived on November 26, 2013.

On January 14, 2014, he signed with the San Francisco 49ers but was released August 25, 2014.


Trevor Pryce

Trevor W. Pryce (born August 3, 1975 in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American football defensive end that played 14 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). Pryce was drafted out of Clemson University by the Denver Broncos with the 28th pick in the first round of the 1997 NFL Draft. He also played in the NFL with the Denver Broncos who he won Super Bowls XXXII and XXXIII with. He also played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2006 to 2010 and the New York Jets in 2010. After the 2010 AFC Championship Game, he announced that he was retiring from professional football. He retired in 2011.


Ben Grubbs

Benjamin Richard Grubbs (born March 10, 1984 in Eclectic, Alabama) is an American former professional football offensive guard. He played parts of 9 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, New Orleans Saints, and Kansas City Chiefs. Grubbs was drafted out of Auburn University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 29th pick in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He made two Pro Bowls; one in 2012 and one in 2014.

The Kansas City Chiefs released Grubbs at the end of the 2015 NFL season. Grubbs retired shortly after because of a neck injury.


London Central

London Central is a major bus company in London. It was made in 1988 and became part of Go-Ahead London in 2008.

London General

London General is a bus company operating services in Greater London. It is a part of the Go-Ahead Group and operates buses under for Transport for London. The company was named in honour of the London General Omnibus Company, the principal operator of buses in London between 1855 and 1933.

Docklands Buses

Docklands Buses is a bus company operating in East London. It is part of the Go-Ahead Group and operates services for Transport for London.

Blue Triangle

Blue Triangle is a bus company operating services in East London. It is a part of the Go-Ahead Group and operates services for Transport for London. It is the operator of the East London Transit service.

 

USC Landhaus Wien

USC Landhaus is an Austrian women soccer club from Vienna. USC Landhaus is one of the oldest and most successful women clubs in Austrias football history.

USC Landhaus was founded in 1968 by Gerhard Traxler. The same year the team became a section of Union Landhaus. 1972 the first championship was organized by the Vienna Football Association and Landhaus played there. 2015 they started a cooperation with FK Austria Wien. From 2021 on the club plays under the Name of Austria Wien in the Frauenbundesliga. The 3rd team played in the Wiener Frauenliga and was promoted to the Second league as Union Landhaus.

Very important for the club are the young players. The club has a second squad in the second division of women football in Austria. There young players can practise their skills. 2010 the club has also 3 teams for U11, U13 and U15 which plays in regional tournaments


UEFA Women's Cup:


Wulguru, Queensland

Wulguru is a small town about 11 km east of Townsville, Queensland. The word "Wulguru" comes from the Indigenous Australian tribe, Wulgurukaba, who lived in the area that is now Wulguru. During WW2 the Royal Australian Air Force built No. 3 Fighter Sector RAAF close to the Flinders Highway. This base comprised of the main rectangular bunker which was built into the hill. This building still remains today. The base had 62 buildings on the site with its own barracks, powerhouse, kitchen, showers and toilet blocks.

Jamote Qaumi Movement

The Jamote Qaumi Movement is a political party in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

The Jamot Qomi movememt was founded by Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo Let to provide a political platform for the Jamot people of Balochistan in 1996 in Dera Murad Jamali. The party was created on the basis of the political philosophy of Mir Abdul Malik Shaheed and Mir Murtaza Abro Shaheed (the pioneers of the anti-feudal movement in Kachhi Balochistan)

The manifesto of the party is:

Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party

Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party (JKPP) is a political party in Azad Kashmir in Pakistan-administered Kashmir. The main center of politics of JKPP is Azad Kashmir (including Gilgit Baltistan). Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was formed on 19 July 1990, after observing the changes in political situation of Azad Kashmir, by politicians of same school of thought, under the supervision of the founder of Azad Kashmir, Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan. The purpose of JKPP's formation was to provide a platform to the people, through which they can struggle for the Independence and betterment of the society. The First Convention of Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was held in Islamabad on 9 December, 1992. Keeping the Democratic principles in mind, The Central Council of 200 members elected the first President of the party. Since then, the party officially started its working.

Alex Kaleta

Alexander "Killer" Kaleta (November 29, 1919 – July 9, 1987) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played 7 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers organizations. Kaleta is known for creating the hat trick tradition in hockey when he went into a Toronto shop to buy a hat but when he found one he liked he could not afford it. The shop owner made a deal with Kaleta and said that if he scored 3 goals in the next game he played he would just give him the hat free of charge. Kaleta not only scored three goals but four against the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Jamaat-e-Islami Kashmir

The Jamaat-e-Islami Kashmir is the Indian-administered Kashmir unit of the Islamist group, the Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan. Its organisation is distinct and separate from the Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, the Indian branch of the Jamaat to claim the organisation's stance that Jammu and Kashmir is not a part of the Republic of India. 

Molecular vibrations

Molecular vibrations are one of three different kinds of motion for molecules that include translational motion (when the whole molecule goes in the same direction) and rotational motion (when the molecule spins like a top)

A vibrational motion for a molecule is when the bonds between atoms within a molecule move. Think of the atoms as round balls that are attached by a spring that can stretch back and forth. An example of this motion is "stretching", the simplest example of a vibration for a molecule and occurs between just two atoms. Some examples of molecules that are like this include hydrogen H, nitrogen N and oxygen O

If the molecule has more than two atoms, then things get more complicated. Suppose just one more atom is added so now there are three atoms like in water HO where the two hydrogen atoms are both attached to the central oxygen atom. Remember with hydrogen there was one kind of stretching, but in water there are two kinds of stretching and four other kinds of vibration called bending vibrations as shown below.

The atoms in a CH group or molecules like water can vibrate in six different ways: symmetric and antisymmetric stretching, scissoring, rocking, wagging and twisting:

symmetric stretching: when the two attached atoms move away and toward the central atom at the same time.

antisymmetric stretching: When the two attached atoms do not move away and toward the central atom at the same time.

scissoring: Just like the name says scissoring is when the two atoms move away and toward each other

rocking: This motion is like a pendulum on a clock going back and forth only here an atom is the pendulum and there are two instead of one.

wagging: If a person holds up their hand in front of them and puts there two fingers in a "V" sign and bend there wrist toward and away from them. Here the tips of the fingers are the attached atoms and the wrist is the central atom.

twisting: This motion is like a person is walking on a treadmill where their waist is the central atom and their feet are the two attached atoms

Molecules with more than three atoms are even more complicated and have even more vibrations which are sometimes called "vibrational modes". Each new vibrational mode is basically a different combination of the six shown above. The more atoms in the molecule the more ways they can be combined. For most molecules with N atoms the number of possible vibrations for that molecule is 3N - 6 while linear molecules, or molecules with there atoms in a straight line, have 3N-5 vibrational modes.

Using Newtonian mechanics the vibrations of a molecule can be calculated by treating the bonds like springs. This is useful because like a spring, a bond requires energy to stretch it out and it also takes energy to squeeze it together. The energy needed to stretch or squeeze the bond is dependent on the stiffness of the bond, which is represented by the "spring constant" k, and the reduced mass, or "center of mass" of the two atoms attached to either end denoted by "μ". The formula used to relate the energy needed to cause a vibration in the bond is:

"h": is planck's constant

ν: is frequency and represents the rate at which the bond is squished together and pulled apart again. The larger ν the faster this rate becomes.

Ε: is the energy required to push and pull the bond together.

"μ": The reduce mass is the two masses of the atoms multiplied together and divided by their addition:

Using quantum mechanics, the formula that describes the spring is exactly the same as the Newtonian mechanics version except only certain energies or energy levels are allowed. Think of the energy levels as steps on a ladder where a person can only go up or down one rung at a time. Just as that person can't stand on the space between rungs so the bond can not have an energy between energy levels. This new formula becomes:

where "n" is a quantum number or "energy level" that can take values of 0, 1, 2 ... 
The statement that energy levels can only go up or down one level at a time is known as a selection rule which states that the only allowed transitions between energy levels are:

where \Delta n is the energy transition.

When light of a certain frequency hits a molecule that has a vibration whose motion corresponds to the same frequency then the light gets absorbed into the molecule and the energy from the light causes the bonds to move in that specific vibrational motion. By checking for light that gets absorbed, scientists can tell if a certain kind of molecular bond is there and match it against a list of molecules that have that bond.

However, some molecules like helium and argon have only one atom and don't have any bonds. This means that they won't absorb any light in the same way a molecule with more than one atom can.

The specific fields of chemistry that use molecular vibrations in their studies include infrared spectroscopy (IR) and Raman spectroscopy (Raman) with IR being more widely used and having three subfields of its own. These subfields are known as Near IR, Mid IR and Far IR spectroscopy. The following is a general list of these fields and real world applications

Near IR: quantitative determination of species such as proteins, fats, low low-molecular-weight hydrocarbons and water. Further use is obtained in the agricultural products, food, petroleum and chemical industries

Mid IR:The most popular of the IR fields, is used in determining structure of organic and biochemical compounds.

Far IR: this field is less popular though it has found uses in inorganic studies
Raman: Is used for the qualitative and quantitative study of inorganic, organic and biological systems often as a complimentary technique to IR.

Four Asian Tigers

The Four Asian Tigers or Asian Dragons are the highly developed economies of Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. These regions were the first newly industrialized countries. They are known because they had very high growth rates (they became rich very fast) and fast industrialization between the early 1960s and 1990s. Four economies are currently well rich economies (developed countries). 
All four Asian Tigers have a highly educated and productive work force compared to others in the region.

The economic success of South Korea and Taiwan were known as the "Miracle on the Han River" and the "Taiwan Miracle" respectively.

The four tigers has accomplished rapid economical growth in a short period of time.
All the Asian Tigers tried to export (sell) products to rich industrialized nations. They grew rich very quickly (they had double-digit economic growth) for decades. Each nation was not a democracy, and people were not very free in the early years. All of these countries later became freer, and people now think Taiwan and Korea are liberal democracies.


BRICS

BRICS is an acronym used to talk about the countries of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Many economists think that all these countries are at a similar stage of economic development. When people write about these countries, they usually write "BRICS" or the "BRICS countries".

The acronym was invented by Jim O'Neill, an economist who worked for Goldman Sachs. In 2001, O'Neill wrote an article that he called "Building Better Global Economic BRICs".

Mexico and South Korea were the only other countries with economies that are like the BRICs. O'Neill did not include these countries because they were considered already more developed, as they were already members of the OECD.

In August 2023, Argentina, Egypt, Ethiopia, Iran, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates were invited to join the group. Full membership of these countries will take effect on 1 January 2024. They also proposed to have a “partnership model” for other countries and talked about starting a common currency. They planned to use the US dollar less.

A total of 14 countries have formally applied to join BRICS, listed as follows:

Shih Tzu

The Shih Tzu is a breed of dog weighing with long silky hair. The breed originated in China and is among the earliest breeds. Shih Tzu were officially recognized by the American Kennel Club in 1969

The Shih Tzu has a short muzzle and big, brown dark eyes. They have a silky, very long double coat. Some other Shih Tzu have shorter, more curly hair. ([Wikipedia Shih Tzus] Their fur comes in many colors. 

These dogs are tiny, but they have a big personality. They are known for being affectionate, playful, and happy. They want to be your best friend. This tiny pup loves attention and is a perfect companion dog. If you are feeling sad, or need a hug, the Shih Tzu will always fluff you down with puppy hugs and kisses. [akc.org Shih Tzu] This dog requires a lot of attention, due to their connections to royalty. 

The Shih Tzu is a good quality dog because of the shiny, welll groomed, silky coat and the Chinese valued Shih Tzu the most. [Wikipedia Shih Tzus] The coat colors come in light brown, black, white, black and white, black and gold, white and gold, dark brown, gold, red and black, and brown and white.

The Shih Tzu gets their name from the Chinese word for “little lion.” They are to be respected. [History of Shih Tzu - Shih Tzu club] 

Back then, only royalty could be seen with a Shih Tzu. The Shih Tzu was related to the Chinese Pug, who was respected. A powerful woman from the palace in China adored dogs, and she was interested in them. She had the staff breed some palace dogs and she watched every time. [www.theshihtzuclub.co.uk] This is why the Shih Tzu became known as the royal dogs. 

Shih Tzus are usually healthy and live from 10 to 16 years, [www.akc.org] but they have a few problems Shih Tzus usually have. Eye problems, Brachycephalic Syndrome (A pathological condition which leads to severe respiratory distress), dental problems, ar

List of civil parishes in Suffolk

This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Suffolk, England.

The whole of the district is parished.

The whole of the district is parished.

The former Ipswich County Borough is unparished.

The whole of the district is parished.

The whole of the borough is parished.

The whole of the district is parished.

The former Lowestoft Municipal Borough is unparished.


Non-Aligned Movement

The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) is an international organization (group of countries) who do not want to be officially aligned with or against any major power bloc (group of countries). In 2019, the movement had 120 members and 27 observers. 

The group was started in Belgrade in 1961. It was created by Yugoslavia's President, Josip Broz Tito, India's first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, Egypt's second President, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Ghana's first president Kwame Nkrumah, and Indonesia's first President, Sukarno. All five leaders believed that developing countries should not help either the Western or Eastern blocs in the Cold War. They also believed that developing countries should not be Capitalist or Communist, but should try to find a different way to help their people.

The "Havana Declaration of 1979" said that the purpose of the organization is to help countries keep their "the national independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of non-aligned countries" in their "struggle against Imperialism, Colonialism, Neocolonialism, Racism, and all forms of foreign aggression, occupation, domination, interference or hegemony as well as against great power and bloc politics." This means that they wanted to govern their countries without the main capitalist powers nor the major socialist states telling them how.

The countries of the Non-Aligned Movement are nearly two-thirds of the United Nations's members and 55% of the world population.

Between summits, the Non-Aligned Movement is run by the secretary-general elected at last summit meeting. As a considerable part of the movement's work is undertaken at the United Nations in New York, the chair country's ambassador to the UN is expected to devote time and effort to matters concerning the Non-Aligned Movement. The Coordinating Bureau, also based at the UN, is the main instrument for directing the work of the movement's task forces, committees and working groups.


The following countries and organizations have observer status:


Members have, at various times, included: Yugoslavia, Argentina, SWAPO, Cyprus, Poland, and Malta. Brazil has never been a formal member of the movement, but shares many of the aims of Non-Aligned Movement and frequently sends observers to the Non-Aligned Movement's summits. While many of the Non-Aligned Movement's members were actually quite closely aligned with one or another of the super powers, the movement still maintained surprising amounts of cohesion throughout the Cold War. Additionally, some members were involved in serious conflicts with other members (e.g., India and Pakistan, Iran and Iraq). The movement fractured from its own internal contradictions when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979. While the Soviet allies supported the invasion, other members of the movement (particularly predominantly Muslim states) condemned it.

Because the Non-Aligned Movement was formed as an attempt to thwart the Cold War, it has struggled to find relevance since the Cold War ended. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, a founding member, its membership was suspended in 1992 at the regular Ministerial Meeting of the Movement, held in New York during the regular yearly session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. At the Summit of the Movement in Jakarta, Indonesia (September 1, 1992 – September 6, 1992) Yugoslavia was suspended or expelled from the Movement. The successor states of the SFR Yugoslavia have expressed little interest in membership, though some have observer status. In 2004, Malta and Cyprus ceased to be members and joined the European Union. Belarus remains the sole member of the Movement in Europe. Turkmenistan, Belarus and Dominican Republic are the most recent entrants. The application of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Costa Rica were rejected in 1995 and 1998. Serbia has been suspended since 1992 due to the Serbian Government's involvement in the Bosnian War (officially as the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at the time).

The Non-Aligned movement was never established as a formal organization, but became the name to refer to the participants of the "Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries" first held in 1961. 
The term "non-alignment" itself was coined by Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru during his speech in 1954 in Colombo, Sri Lanka. In this speech, Nehru described the five pillars to be used as a guide for Sino-Indian relations, which were first put forth by Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai. Called Panchsheel (five restraints), these principles would later serve as the basis of the Non-Aligned Movement. The five principles were:


A significant milestone in the development of the Non-Aligned Movement was the 1955 Bandung Conference, a conference of Asian and African states hosted by Indonesian president Sukarno, who gave a significant contribution to promote this movement. The attending nations declared their desire not to become involved in the Cold War and adopted a "declaration on promotion of world peace and cooperation", which included Nehru's five principles. Six years after Bandung, an initiative of Yugoslav president Josip Broz Tito led to the first "Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries", which was held in September 1961 in Belgrade. The term "non aligned movement" appears first in the fifth conference in 1976, where participating countries are denoted as "members of the movement".

At the Lusaka Conference in September 1970, the member nations added as aims of the movement the peaceful resolution of disputes and the abstention from the big power military alliances and pacts. Another added aim was opposition to stationing of military bases in foreign countries.

The founding fathers of the Non-aligned movement were: Sukarno of Indonesia, Jawaharlal Nehru of India, and Josip Broz Tito of Yugoslavia, Gamal Abdul Nasser of Egypt and Kwame Nkrumah of Ghana. Their actions were known as 'The Initiative of Five'.

The movement stems from a desire not to be aligned within a geopolitical/military structure and therefore itself does not have a very strict organizational structure. Some organizational basics were defined at the 1996 "Cartagena Document on Methodology" The Summit Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned States is the "highest decision making authority". The chairmanship rotates between countries and changes at every summit of heads of state or government to the country organizing the summit.

Requirements for membership of the Non-Aligned Movement coincide with the key beliefs of the United Nations. The current requirements are that the candidate country has displayed practices in accordance with the ten "Bandung principles":

Secretaries General of the NAM had included such diverse figures as Suharto, an authoritarian anti-communist, and Nelson Mandela, a democratic socialist and famous anti-apartheid activist. Consisting of many governments with vastly different ideologies, the Non-Aligned Movement is unified by its commitment to world peace and security. At the seventh summit held in New Delhi in March 1983, the movement described itself as "history's biggest peace movement". The movement places equal emphasis on disarmament. NAM's commitment to peace pre-dates its formal institutionalisation in 1961. The Brioni meeting between heads of governments of India, Egypt and Yugoslavia in 1956 recognized that there exists a vital link between struggle for peace and endeavours for disarmament.

The Non-Aligned Movement espouses policies and practices of cooperation, especially those that are multilateral and provide mutual benefit to all those involved. Many of the members of the Non-Aligned Movement are also members of the United Nations and both organisations have a stated policy of peaceful cooperation, yet successes that the NAM has had in multilateral agreements tends to be ignored by the larger, western and developed nation dominated UN. African concerns about apartheid were linked with Arab-Asian concerns about Palestine and success of multilateral cooperation in these areas has been a stamp of moderate success. The Non-Aligned Movement has played a major role in various ideological conflicts throughout its existence, including extreme opposition to apartheid regimes and support of liberation movements in various locations including Zimbabwe and South Africa. The support of these sorts of movements stems from a belief that every state has the right to base policies and practices with national interests in mind and not as a result of relations to a particular power bloc. The Non-Aligned Movement has become a voice of support for issues facing developing nations and is still contains ideals that are legitimate within this context.

Since the end of the Cold War and the formal end of colonialism, the Non-Aligned Movement has been forced to redefine itself and reinvent its purpose in the current world system. A major question has been whether many of its foundational ideologies, principally national independence, territorial integrity, and the struggle against colonialism and imperialism, can be applied to contemporary issues. The movement has emphasised its principles of multilateralism, equality, and mutual non-aggression in attempting to become a stronger voice for the global South, and an instrument that can be utilised to promote the needs of member nations at the international level and strengthen their political leverage when negotiating with developed nations. In its efforts to advance Southern interests, the movement has stressed the importance of cooperation and unity amongst member states, but as in the past, cohesion remains a problem since the size of the organisation and the divergence of agendas and allegiances present the ongoing potential for fragmentation. While agreement on basic principles has been smooth, taking definitive action vis-à-vis particular international issues has been rare, with the movement preferring to assert its criticism or support rather than pass hard-line resolutions. The movement continues to see a role for itself, as in its view, the world’s poorest nations remain exploited and marginalised, no longer by opposing superpowers, but rather in a uni-polar world, and it is Western hegemony and neo-colonialism that the movement has really re-aligned itself against. It opposes foreign occupation, interference in internal affairs, and aggressive unilateral measures, but it has also shifted to focus on the socio-economic challenges facing member states, especially the inequalities manifested by globalisation and the implications of neo-liberal policies. The Non-Aligned Movement has identified economic underdevelopment, poverty, and social injustices as growing threats to peace and security.


In recent years the US has become a target of the organisation. The US invasion of Iraq and the War on Terrorism, its attempts to stifle Iran and North Korea's nuclear plans, and its other actions have been denounced as human rights violations and attempts to run roughshod over the sovereignty of smaller nations. The movement’s leaders have also criticised the American control over the United Nations and other international structures.


Since 1961, the group have supported the discussion of the case of Puerto Rico's self-determination before the United Nations. A resolution on the matter will be proposed on the XV Summit by the Hostosian National Independence Movement.


Since 1973, the group have supported the discussion of the case of Western Sahara's self-determination before the United Nations. The Non-Aligned Movement reaffirmed in its last meeting (Sharm El Sheikh 2009) the support to the Self-determination of the Sahrawi people by choosing between any valid option, welcomed the direct conversations between the parts, and remembered the responsibility of the United Nations on the Sahrawi issue.


The movement is publicly committed to the tenets of sustainable development and the attainment of the Millennium Development Goals, but it believes that the international community has not created conditions conducive to development and has infringed upon the right to sovereign development by each member state. Issues such as globalisation, the debt burden, unfair trade practices, the decline in foreign aid, donor conditionalities, and the lack of democracy in international financial decision-making are cited as factors inhibiting development.


The Non-Aligned Movement has been quite outspoken in its criticism of current UN structures and power dynamics, mostly in how the organisation has been utilised by powerful states in ways that violate the movement’s principles. It has made a number of recommendations that would strengthen the representation and power of ‘non-aligned’ states. The proposed reforms are also aimed at improving the transparency and democracy of UN decision-making. The UN Security Council is the element considered the most distorted, undemocratic, and in need of reshaping.


Lately the Non-Aligned Movement has collaborated with other organisations of the developing world, primarily the Group of 77, forming a number of joint committees and releasing statements and document representing the shared interests of both groups. This dialogue and cooperation can be taken as an effort to increase the global awareness about the organisation and bolster its political clout.


The movement accepts the universality of human rights and social justice, but fiercely resists cultural homogenisation. In line with its views on sovereignty, the organisation appeals for the protection of cultural diversity, and the tolerance of the religious, socio-cultural, and historical particularities that define human rights in a specific region.



The conference of Heads of State or Government of the Non-Alligned Countries, often referred to as Non-Alligned Movement Summit is the main meeting within the movement and are held every few years:

A "ministerial meeting" takes place in between the conferences of Heads of State and Government in a country which is not the chair of the movement. The 2011 meeting is on Bali, Indonesia in May 2011.


Economic development

Economic development it is the growth of standard of living of nations from a poor economy to a "high-income economy.<ref,~Bornwell N Makowa, "Economic development," ~makowa's Glossary of International Economics " online (click to E).</ref> When the local "quality of life" is improved, there is more economic development.

When social scientists study economic development, they look at a lot of things. They want to know about the way economic development is discussed by historians. They also want to know how development is happening today. They may want to know why people "invest" more money in some places than in others. They also want to know why people are better at making things to sell in some countries rather than others.

Economists usually measure economic development by GDP, Gross domestic product.

One way to measure economic development is "human development.
"Human development" is very important, and includes the health of the people and their education. This usually goes together with "economic growth." As people in a country become healthier and get better education, they also usually get richer, because healthy, educated workers are more "productive" (better at making things), and richer workers can afford health and education.
The Human Development Index looks at how long people live, how well people read, how many people go to school, and how much money people make.
Economists also look at the "rate of growth", which is how fast a country gets richer.


Newly industrialized country

The term newly industrialized country (NIC) is a socioeconomic classification used by political scientists and economists to talk about several countries around the world.

NICs are countries who still are not developed countries but are doing better than other developing countries. NICs have fast growing economies, and export a lot. In NICs many things in the country change quickly as people from the country move to the cities to take jobs in factories.

NICs usually share some other common features, including:

NICs often receive support from international organizations such as the WTO and other internationl support bodies. However, as environmental, labor and social standards tend to be significantly weaker in NICs, many fair trade supporters have advocated standards for importing their products and criticized the outsourcing of jobs to NICs.


Groupings:

SV Neulengbach

USV Neulengbach is a football club from Neulengbach, Lower Austria. The club was founded in 1923. The men's team playes in Lower Austrian's 2. class. The women's team was founded in 1996 and plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the top level of Austrian women's football.

The history goes back to 1992. In this year women formed a team in Altlengbach and after the first matches they wanted to play on. They had sucess but after problems with officials of SV Altlengbach the team went to SV Neulengbach. 1996 the women's section of SV Neulengbach was founded. In the 1996/97 season they took over the place of SV Altlengbach in the 2nd League East where they became champion and were promoted to the Frauenliga. In their first year they reached the 5th place, the next season they were runners-up. The following years they became the dominant club in the Bundesliga. They won 12 titels in the league and 10 times the Cup. This dominant role ended in 2015.

In the sucessful years the team was formed almost totally of players of the Austrian women's football national team. But the most known playyer came from Brazil. Rosana played for Neulengbach from 2005 till 2008. She had won the Silver medal with Brazil in 2004 Olympic games in Athens. Another famous player is Nina Burger who played 109 matches for the national team of Austria.


C2c

c2c is a British train operating company that is part of the National Express Group. It provides passenger rail services on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway line from Fenchurch Street railway station in the City of London to the northern Thames Gateway area of southern Essex including Grays and Southend-on-Sea. This route was called the "Thameside" franchise, and was renamed the "Essex Thameside" franchise in 2009. The main route from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness via Basildon is 39.5 mph and the fastest timetabled journey time from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness is 58 mph giving an average speed of 40.7 mph, although the route can be done in 47 mph, giving an average speed of 50 mph. The line currently has a maximum speed limit of , although the Class 357 "Electrostar" electric multiple unit trains which run on it are capable of a maximum speed of . Before July 2002, it traded under the name "LTS Rail". The current director is Julian Drury.

The normal off-peak service are of eight trains per hour (tph) coming and leaving Fenchurch Street:
Additional night services operate between Shoeburyness / Pitsea / Grays-Barking.

Additional morning peak services operate between Shoeburyness / Pitsea / Stanford-le-Hope - Grays.


Hatton Cross station

Hatton Cross station is a underground station on the Piccadilly Line on the London Underground system. It is next to Hounslow West and Heathrow T4 & 123.

Neymar

Neymar da Silva Santos Junior, known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. (born 5 February 1992) is a Brazilian footballer. He can play as a left or right winger, as an attacking midfielder or as a striker. He plays for Al Hilal SFC and the Brazil national team. He is the most expensive footballer of all time with a transfer fee of 222 million euros from FC Barcelona to PSG in August 2017.

He has been compared to former Barcelona teammate Lionel Messi and also to Cristiano Ronaldo and Ronaldinho, because of his dribbling skills, free-kicks, and goal scoring 
abilities. However, he has been criticized for diving. His celebration is “Parado No Bailão”.

Neymar da Silva Santos Junior, known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. (born 5 February 1992) is a professional Brazilian footballer that can play as a left or right Winger or as a Striker. He plays for french club Paris-Saint Germain and the Brazil national team. He is the most expensive footballer of all time with a transfer fee of 222 million euros from FC Barcelona to PSG in August 2017 and he now he plays for Al Hilal.

He has been compared to former Barcelona teammate Lionel Messi and also to Cristiano Ronaldo and Pelé, because of his dribbling skills, free-kicks, and goal scoring abilities. However, he has been criticized for diving

In the summer of 2013, Neymar was bought by the Spanish club FC Barcelona for 57 million euros from Santos.

In August 2017, he was bought by the French club Paris Saint-Germain for a record-breaking €222 million, making him the most expensive transfer of all time.

In summer transfer window Neymar was transferred from PSG to Al- Hilal.

After Neymar's performances for Brazil's U-17 team at the 2009 U-17 World Cup, on 26 July 2010, Neymar was selected in the squad for the Brazil national team by new head coach Mano Menezes for a friendly match against USA on 10 August 2010. He scored on his debut, in a 2–0 win for Brazil.
On 27 March 2011, he scored twice in a 2–0 win against Scotland at the Emirates Stadium.








Turnham Green station

Turnham Green Station is a underground station on the Piccadilly Line and District Line on the London Underground system. It is next to Chiswick Park, Gunnersbury and Stamford Brook.
Piccadilly Line services operate to this station Early Mornings and Late Evenings. If the District line is closed Piccadilly trains will stop here.

Fenchurch Street railway station

Fenchurch Street Station is a main London Terminal. It is operated by c2c. All c2c services arrive and depart from the station. It is the main London Terminus for c2c.

London station group

The London station group is a group of 18 railway stations in central London. They are part of the National Rail network. Most are terminal stations, meaning that they are at the end of the railway line. The station group is shown on tickets as "London Terminals".

As of 2024, the group is made up of:



Lilly Pulitzer

Lillian Pulitzer Rousseau (Lillian Lee McKim; November 10, 1931 – April 7, 2013), better known as Lilly Pulitzer, was an American fashion designer and socialite. She is known for founding Lilly Pulitzer, Inc., which makes clothes with bright, colorful patterns. Because the brand has been very popular with rich people, Lilly has been called the "Queen of Prep".

Lillian Lee McKim, nicknamed Lilly, was born on November 10, 1931 in Roslyn, New York. Her father was Robert V. McKim and her mother was Lillian McKim (maiden name Bostwick). She was the middle child, with an older sister named Mary Maude and younger sister named Florence Fitch. Her mother, Lillian, was an heir to the Standard Oil fortune. Lillian divorced Robert and married Ogden Phipps in 1937.

Lilly went to the Chapin School in New York City, along with Bouvier sister Jacqueline. In 1949, she graduated from Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut. She attended the college-finishing school Finch College in New York City, but left after one semester to work as a midwife's assistant in West Virginia and later as a volunteer at the Veterans Hospital in The Bronx.

In 1950, she married Peter Pulitzer, the grandson of publisher Joseph Pulitzer. They moved to Palm Beach, where Lilly started her clothing company, Lilly Pulitzer, Inc. In 1969, Lilly and Peter were divorced. She married Enrique Rousseau soon after. She legally changed her name to Lillian Rousseau, but her clothing company kept the "Lilly Pulitzer" label. Lilly continued to live in Palm Beach. Enrique died from cancer in 1993.

Lilly has three children from her marriage to Peter: Peter, Minnie, and Liza. Peter lives in Bridgehampton, New York, with his wife, Elise, and five children: Fiona, Caleb, Stefan, Aaron, and Daniella. Liza currently lives in West Palm Beach, Florida, with her husband, Henry, and three children: Waverly, Hattie and Rayna. Liza is currently helping out in Florida with the Lilly Pulitzer Brand.

Pulitzer died on April 7, 2013 in her home in Palm Beach, California from natural causes, at age 81.

Lilly and Peter settled in Palm Beach, Florida, shortly after their marriage. Peter owned several Florida citrus groves, and with fruit from the groves Lilly opened a juice stand on Via Mizner, just off Worth Avenue in Palm Beach.

In the course of working at the juice stand, Lilly found that squeezing juice made a mess of her clothes. Seeking to hide the juice stains, she designed a sleeveless shift dress made of bright, colorful printed cotton. Lilly found that customers loved her dress, so she made more to sell at her juice stand. Eventually, she was selling more dresses than juice, and decided to focus on making and selling what had become known as her "Lillys".

In 1959, Lilly became president of her own company, Lilly Pulitzer, Inc. The company's main factory was located in Miami, Florida and the fabrics were produced by the Key West Hand Print Fabrics company in Key West.

From the 1960s to the early 1980s, Lilly's bright, colorful clothes were very popular, worn by rich people such as First Lady Jackie Kennedy, and members of the Rockefeller, Vanderbilt and Whitney families. However, by 1984, Lilly felt she was not having as much fun as she used to and retired, closing down her entire clothing business.

In 1993, the rights to the Lilly Pulitzer brand were bought by Sugartown Worldwide, Inc. They contacted Lilly with the hopes of bringing back the brand because, "they just loved Lilly, their mothers and sisters loved Lilly, and they wanted to bring the line back," according to Lilly herself. Lilly is not involved in the day-to-day running of the company, but she continues to do things like approve new designs, fabrics, and collections.

Today, the company has 75 Lilly Pulitzer Signature Stores (also known as Via Stores), several company-owned retail stores, sells to independently owned stores and is in major department stores such as Bloomingdales, Lord and Taylor, Nordstrom, and Neiman Marcus. On December 21, 2010, Sugartown Worldwide, Inc. was bought by Oxford Industries, Inc.

Along with women's clothing, the company also makes men's clothing, children's clothing, maternity clothes, shoes, jewelry, accessories, bedding (revived in 2010), and stationery. The company started a bridal collection in 2010.

Lilly Pulitzer has made special collections with sorority prints on them, among them Kappa Delta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Delta Delta Delta, and Delta Zeta. She has held contests on her Facebook page to vote on which sororities will get their own prints.

Lisa Birnbach's humorous "guides", "The Official Preppy Handbook" and its sequel "True Prep: It’s a Whole New Old World", say Lilly Pulitzer clothing is a must-have item for "preppy" women.

The Museum of Lifestyle & Fashion History in Boynton Beach, Florida, ran an exhibit from August 2010 through May 2011 about the clothing and designs of Lilly Pulitzer. Museum director Lori Durante stated "Lilly Pulitzer fashion is relative to the American experience ... It is relevant to Palm Beach County, to Florida."


Space Shuttle Columbia disaster

The Space Shuttle Columbia disaster occurred when broke up when it was reentering the atmosphere on February 1, 2003. The cause of the disaster was that a piece of foam broke from the external fuel tank. This made a hole in the shuttle's wing. During its entry, hot gases entered the wing, causing it to break up. All of the people on board died when it broke up.

Parts of "Columbia" were found across the state of Texas. The cockpit window is now inside the Pavilion at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.


"Columbia" launched on its final mission on January 16, 2003. It was "Columbia"'s 28th flight and the 113th of any Shuttle.

81 seconds into flight, a briefcase-sized part of the external fuel tank's foam insulation, which stops ice from forming while the very cold liquid fuel is in the tank, broke away and hit "Columbia". Such debris strikes had happened before - in particular on STS-27 in which a piece of a booster's forward heat shield broke and hit "Atlantis"' bottom-side heat shield - and were seen as an acceptable risk. However, this debris strike hit "Columbia"'s left wing head on, punching a hole through the panels on the wing's forward edge.

Once high-quality video of the launch was ready, NASA reviewed it and concluded that everything was fine, and stopped engineers from using Department of Defense images from orbit to get a closer look. NASA management thought that even if something were wrong, it would be better for the crew not to know since rescue or repair would be nearly impossible. One flight director contacted "Columbia" about the concerns, but stressed "we have seen this same phenomenon on other flights and there is absolutely no concern for [re-]entry."

On February 1, "Columbia" prepared to return to Earth on a path that would take it over the USA from west to east. At 8:15 EST, about an hour before "Columbia" was due to land, it lit its engines and changed its course so that it would re-enter the atmosphere. A 13-minute video recorded in the cabin, ending eleven minutes before the loss of signal from "Columbia", shows the astronauts in good spirits and unaware of the danger. As "Columbia" entered the atmosphere, the air heated up around it due to the Shuttle moving at extreme speeds, over twenty times the speed of sound. This air was able to enter the wing through the hole made during launch, melting through it and causing the Shuttle to lose lift on that side. This loss of lift caused the Shuttle to turn away from its re-entry path, tumble, and break up from the drag of the air.

"Columbia" passed over California at 8:53. Video shows flashes happening and an unusual trail left behind "Columbia", which even hobbyist watchers saw as out of the ordinary. At this point, the temperature of the damaged part of the wing was around 3,000°F (1,650°C). By 8:58 "Columbia", still moving at incredible speeds, crossed from New Mexico into Texas, at which point it began shedding debris. By this point several temperature sensors in the damaged left wing had stopped working, and one of the flight controllers reported that the tyre pressure sensors on that side were reporting "off scale low"- meaning that it is a reading that falls below the minimum capability of the sensor, and it usually indicates that the sensor has stopped functioning, due to internal or external factors, not that the quantity it measures is actually below the sensor's minimum response value. 

The last communication with commander Rick Husband was ""Roger, uh bu-"" at 8:59. 45 seconds later, video from the ground shows "Columbia" breaking apart. Mission Control began its disaster procedures at 9:12. 


Fraternities and sororities

Fraternities and sororities are social groups for college students, though sometimes high schools have them too. They exist mostly in the United States and Europe. The words "frater" and "soror" are Latin for "brother" and "sister" and used to show closeness between members. They also denote whether the group is for men or women. Sororities are only for women. Fraternities are only for men. But there are some fraternities for women.

Fraternities and sororities often have groups at many different schools. Each fraternity or sorority is given two or three Greek letters to call themselves, for example, ΑΦ (Alpha Phi) or ΑΧΩ (Alpha Chi Omega). To tell the difference between groups at different schools, called chapters, each chapter is given another set of Greek letters. For example, a man in the Kappa Sigma fraternity who goes to the University of Louisiana at Lafayette is part of the fraternity's EX (Epsilon Chi) chapter. Chapters sometimes have houses on or near the campus of the college the members attend that members can live in.

Fraternities and sororities often participate in community service.

Fraternities and sororities are often exclusive, meaning people who want to join need to be invited to do so. This is done during a process called "rushing". During a rush, people who want to join a chapter will talk to current members. If the member think the person rushing is a good fit for the group, they will get an invitation, called a "bid", to join the chapter. If the person rushing accepts, they become a "pledge".

The pledging period is a time when the pledge is not yet a full member, and may leave or be refused membership at any time. Sometimes, members of the chapter will put the pledge through trials. Sometimes they are tests on the history of the fraternity they are trying to join, wearing a badge with the fraternity's letters on it at all times, or performing public service. Sometimes the trials are cruel, dangerous or humiliating. If the trials are cruel, it is called "hazing". Hazing is illegal in 44 states.

After the pledging period, the pledge becomes a full member of the chapter and fraternity or sorority.

Bernese mountain dog

The Bernese mountain dog is a breed of dog from Switzerland. 

These dogs are "tricolour", which means their coat of fur is made up of three colors: black, white, and tan. They are gentle, loyal, and good with children. Bernese Mountain Dogs are very large dogs, weighing from 70 to 120 pounds (32 to 54 kilograms) as adults. They were first used to pull carts and worked as all-around farm dogs.

Fire ecology

Fire ecology is about the effects of fire on the ecosystems where it occurs. The results of fire are studied, and also what causes the fires. 

In many ecosystems, fire helps keep the habitat healthy. Examples of such habitats are the North American prairie and chaparral ecosystems, and the South African savanna. In these ecosystems, fire helps renew the habitat. In theses places, many plants and trees have adapted and need fire to grow well, or for their seeds to germinate and start ecological succession.

If the fires are stopped, dry wood and dead plants accumulate. Bushes and trees that catch fire easily will start growing. When this area finally does catch fire, it will make the wildfire larger and more damaging, and be harder to control.

In the United States, campaigns have made people believe that wildfires are always bad for nature. This comes from the old belief that ecosystems grow towards a stable system, and disturbances like fires stop that, and destroy the harmony of nature. But we have since learned that in some areas, fire is needed to make the system work properly; fire also helps biodiversity of many habitats. The plants and animals in these habitats have adapted to protect themselves from fire, and sometimes must have fire to survive.

Still, fire can kill people or burn down buildings. Now, controlled burns are sometimes done to have fire where it is needed, but don't let it go where it can cause damage to people or their property.


Goldman Sachs

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., or just Goldman Sachs is an investment banking and securities firm. They are involved with global investment banking, securities, investment management, and other financial services mainly with institutional clients. They are also known to be a primary dealer in the United States Treasury security market.

2017-Four have Goldman Sachs USD 7.830.000.000 ("deutsch 7,83 Milliarden Dollar").

The Province

The Province is a newspaper that serves the British Columbia province in Canada. The Province was founded in 1898. The paper was bought in 1923 by a Southam family. The newspaper runs daily and is the most read newspaper in the province of British Columbia with The Vancouver Sun coming in second place. The newspaper also had a radio station named CFCB and it relinquished its licence in February of 1940 after the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation told it to.

"The Province" and "Vancouver Sun" are both owned by Postmedia Network Inc.

Vancouver Sun

The Vancouver Sun is a newspaper that serves the British Columbia province in Canada. The "Vancouver Sun" was founded in 1912. The newspaper runs daily and is the second most read newspaper in the province of British Columbia, with The Province coming in first place. The newspaper has the largest newsroom in Vancouver although its staff of reporters has reduced in recent years. The Vancouver Sun is not a part of the Sun Media chain which has newspapers in Toronto, Ottawa, Winnipeg, Calgary and Edmonton.

The "Vancouver Sun" is owned by Postmedia.

Rustavi

Rustavi () is a city in Georgia. It was founded in the 4th century by Trdat of Iberia. In the 13th century, it became empty. Rustavi was rebuilt in the 20th century. Rustavi has the Rustavi Metallurgical Plant. As of 2014, the city had 125,103 people.


Gaur

The Gaur is a bovine species, similar to the bison. Bos gaurus (or Indian bison) is the largest living bovine. It is native to South Asia and Southeast Asia. 

The height up to the shoulder of the male is 175 to 195 cm. When the female is 165 to 185 cm. Has the same height. Length from head to body is 240 to 300 cm. And length 70 to 105 cm. Have. The flowering of horns, which are relatively short cylindrical and have a small roundness on the inside, is about 85 to 100 cm. Mating at any time of the year. New chicks are found especially during the months of November to March. Its gestation period is about 270 days.  

The pregnant female is separated from her group. Gives birth to a baby and keeps the baby moving around. The female takes constant care of him. Babies start walking a few minutes after birth. The female and cub reunite after being separated from their group for a few days.

The species is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List since 1986. Population trends are stable in well-protected areas, and are building up in a few areas which had been neglected.

The gaur is the tallest species of wild cattle. 
The Malayan gaur is called "seladang", and the Burmese gaur is called "pyoung".

The domesticated form of the gaur "Bos frontalis" is called 'gayal' or 'mithun'.

Seed fern

The term seed ferns (Pteridospermatophyta) are several groups of extinct seed plants (spermatophytes). 

The oldest fossil evidence of plants of this type is from Upper Devonian strata. They flourished during the Carboniferous and Permian periods. 

Pteridosperms declined during the Mesozoic Era and had mostly disappeared by the end of the Cretaceous. Some fossil pteridosperm-like plants seem to have survived into Eocene times in Tasmania.

The concept of the pteridosperms goes back to the late 19th century. Palaeobotanists saw that many Carboniferous fossils which looked like ferns had anatomical features like cycads. 

British palaeobotanists made the discovery that some of these fronds were associated with seeds, and concluded that the fronds and seeds belonged to the same plants. 

Initially it was still thought that they were intermediate between the ferns and cycads. In the English-speaking world they were referred to as "seed ferns" or "pteridosperms". Today, most palaeobotanists regard them as being only distantly related to ferns and that these names are misleading. The names have nevertheless stuck.

Later during the 20th century, the concept of pteridosperms was expanded to include various Mesozoic groups of seed plants with fern-like fronds. Some palaeobotanists also included seed plant groups with entire leaves such as "Glossopteris" and its relatives, which was clearly stretching the concept. 

The seed ferns were by far the earliest seed plants, and must have included the ancestors of the later plants. They are spread across a number of clades, so many palaeobotanists today regard pteridosperms as little more than a paraphyletic 'grade-group'.

Does the concept of pteridosperms have any value today? Many palaeobotanists still use the term in an informal sense for the seed plants that are not angiosperms, coniferoids (conifers or cordaites), ginkgophytes or cycadophytes (cycads or bennettites). 

This is useful for extinct seed plant groups, whose relationships are unknown. We can call them" pteridosperms" with no suggestion of their being a clade. Also, for curators or collectors, the term 'pteridosperm' is a useful shorthand for describing fern-like fronds probably produced by seed plants, which are often found in Palaeozoic and Mesozoic fossil floras.

John Riggins

Robert John Riggins (born August 4, 1949 in Seneca, Kansas) is a retired American football running back who used to play for the New York Jets and Washington Redskins of the NFL. He was nicknamed "The Diesel". He won Super Bowl XVII with the Washington Redskins where he was also the MVP and is a member of the Redskins Ring of Fame. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1992.

Glossopteris

Glossopteris is the largest and best-known genus of the extinct seed ferns. They were typical plants of the coal forests or coal swamps which lasted from the Pennsylvanian (later Carboniferous) to the end of the Permian.

The coal swamps were world-wide because, for that long time, the continents were close together in Gondwana. Therefore they had similar wet, tropical climates.

The Glossopteridales arose in the Southern Hemisphere around the beginning of the Permian (~300 million years ago). Their distribution across several continents led Eduard Suess to suggest the southern continents were once together in a single supercontinent – Gondwana. 

These plants went on to become the dominant elements of the southern flora through the rest of the Permian but disappeared in almost all places at the end of the Permian (~250mya). 

The only convincing Triassic records are very earliest Triassic leaves from Nidpur, India. Even these records are somewhat questionable owing to faulting and complex juxtapositioning of Permian and Triassic strata at Nidpur. 

Some textbooks cite the continuation of glossopterids into later parts of the Triassic and, in some cases into the Jurassic. These are mistakes based on misidentification of similar leaves, such as those of "Gontriglossa", "Sagenopteris", or "Mexiglossa". 

Glossopterids were, thus, one of the major casualties of the end-Permian mass-extinction event.

Gnetophyta

The Gnetophytes are a group of seed plants with three genera. Their evolutionary relationships are unclear, but it is now clear that they are related to each other.

The three genera are:

By looking at the structure of these organisms (morphology) and the DNA (molecular taxonomy), scientists have found that "Gnetum" and "Welwitschia" are more closely related to each other than to "Ephedra".

Pulitzer

Pulitzer may refer to:



Andy &amp; Lucas

Andy & Lucas are a Spanish flamenco band formed by Andrés Morales and Lucas González. They introduced their first CD in 2003. 

Andrés was born on April 4, 1982 and Lucas González on September 28, 1982. They lived in Cádiz (La Laguna) and they went to the same school. On May 26, 2003 they edited their first album which had 13 songs. The single "Son de amores" became the summer song in Spain. They sold more than 500,000 copies around the world.

Their second album was called "Desde mi barrio" and it was edited on 2004. Their third album was "Ganas de vivir". It had 12 songs. Andy wrote seven of the songs, and Lucas wrote five.

Warren Zevon

Warren William Zevon (January 24, 1947 – September 7, 2003) was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician known for including his strange and somewhat critical opinions of life in his lyrics. Zevon wrote many songs that were humorous and often political

Many famous musicians have said they liked Zevon's work, including Jackson Browne, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, and Neil Young. His most famous songs include "Werewolves of London", "Lawyers, Guns and Money", "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner" and "Johnny Strikes Up The Band." All of these are from his third and most famous album: "Excitable Boy" (1978). Zevon has written many songs that were recorded by other artists. These include "Poor Poor Pitiful Me" (a top 40 hit by Linda Ronstadt), "Accidentally Like a Martyr," "Mohammed's Radio," "Carmelita", and "Hasten Down the Wind".

Zevon sometimes recorded or sang cover songs. He liked to sing Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" and Leonard Cohen's "First We Take Manhattan". He was often a guest on "Late Night with David Letterman" and the "Late Show with David Letterman". Letterman later sang with Zevon on "Hit Somebody! (The Hockey Song)" with Paul Shaffer and members of the CBS Orchestra.

He had a lot of problems in his life, including divorce, alcoholism, and suicide attempts. He also had a paranoia of doctors and this killed him: he did not know he had cancer until doctors could not help him.

Zevon was born in Chicago, Illinois. His parents were William Zevon, a Secular Jew, and Beverly Cope Simmons, a Mormon from Salt Lake City, Utah. They soon moved to Fresno, California. By the age of 13, Zevon sometimes visited Igor Stravinsky where he studied modern classical music. Zevon's parents divorced when he was 16 years old. After the divorce, he dropped out of high school and moved from Los Angeles to New York to become a folk singer.

In 1978, Zevon released his most popular and critically acclaimed album "Excitable Boy". Radio stations often played the songs off the album, especially "Werewolves of London." "Werewolves of London" and "Excitable Boy" were both examples of black humor (jokes about bad things). The album also had the songs "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner" and "Lawyers, Guns and Money," which were both deadpan humor songs about geopolitics.
"Rolling Stone" named the album one of the most important albums in the 1970s. They said that he, Neil Young, Jackson Browne, and Bruce Springsteen were four of the best new artists to emerge in the 1970s.

After "Excitable Boy" Warren Zevon published "Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School" in 1980. This album had the only other song recorded by Zevon that reached the Billboard Top 100: "A Certain Girl." "A Certain Girl" is a rhythm and blues song written by Allen Toussaint.

This album was dedicated to Ken Millar, who calls himself "Ross Macdonald." Millar is a writer who writes mystery novels, and Zevon really liked Millar's stories. He met Millar in an intervention put together by the journalist Paul Nelson. For awhile this intervention helped Zevon not drink too much alcohol.
Warren Zevon did not like to go to the doctor and never went to one when he was an adult. Before playing at the Edmonton Folk Music Festival, in 2002, he started feeling dizzy and started to have a chronic cough. When Zevon told his dentist his problems, his dentist recommended seeing a doctor. When he finally visited one, the doctor diagnosed him with mesothelmia.

Warren Zevon did not want to get treated for his cancer if it might keep him from making music. So instead he started to make his final album, titled "The Wind". He had a lot of friends who helped him make the album. These friends included Bruce Springsteen, Don Henley, Jackson Browne, Timothy B. Schmit, Joe Walsh, David Lindley, Billy Bob Thornton, Emmylou Harris, Tom Petty, Dwight Yoakam, and others. 





Papa John's Pizza

Papa John's is the third largest pizza company based in the United States. Its headquarters are in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S. It was founded by John Schnatter in 1984.


Shrew opossum

The order Paucituberculata contains the six surviving species of shrew opossum. "Caenolestes" is the main genus, and the group as a whole may be called 'caenolestids'.

They are small, shrew-like marsupials of the Andes mountains of South America.

20 million years ago, there were at least seven genera in South America. Today, just three genera remain. They live in inaccessible forest and grassland regions of the high Andes.

Insectivores were absent from South America until the Great American Interchange three million years ago, and are present now only in the northwestern part of the continent. Shrew opossums have lost ground to the these and other placental invaders that fill the same ecological niches. Nevertheless, the ranges of shrew opossums and insectivores overlap broadly.

Shrew opossums are about the size of a small rat (9–14 cm long), with thin limbs, a long, pointed snout and a slender, hairy tail. They are largely carnivorous, being active hunters of insects, earthworms and small vertebrates. They have small eyes and poor sight, and hunt in the early evening and at night, using their hearing and long, sensitive whiskers to locate prey. They seem to spend much of their lives in underground burrows and on surface runways.

Largely because of their rugged, inaccessible habitat, they are very poorly known. Recent studies suggest that they may be more common than had been thought.

Australidelphia

The Australidelphia is a superorder of Australasian marsupial mammals.

It consists in five extant (living) orders, which contain most of the world's marsupials.


ÖFB Ladies Cup

The ÖFB Ladies Cup is the Cup competition in Austrian women soccer. It was first played in the 1972/73 season under the guidance of the Vienna Football association as Ladies Cup. Since the 1992/93 season the Ladies cup is under the guidance of the ÖFB (Austrian Football Association) and is called ÖFB-Ladies-Cup. From 2004 till 2009 the competition was called ÖFB-Stiegl-Ladies-Cup, after the main sponsor of the cup, a brewery from Salzburg.

The Cup is played with 32 teams in five rounds. The ten members of the ÖFB-Frauenliga and 22 teams from the nine federal states take part. In the first round the teams were drawn after local aspects.

<ref>ÖFB Homepagɛ/ref>

Lepidodendron

Lepidodendron is an extinct genus of primitive (tree-like) plant. They were the first large land plants, and a major part of the coal forest tropical flora. 

They were huge, over , and the trunks were often over in diameter. 

Sometimes called 'giant club mosses', they are actually closer to the quillworts "Isoetes" than to clubmosses.

They thrived during the Pennsylvanian sub-period of the Carboniferous 315–300 million years years ago.

The conditions were tropical swamps and rain forests of a huge river system much larger that the Amazon basin. 

The river plain which was the heart of the wetland stretched across Pangaea 5000 km from eastern Canada to the Ukraine, and was 700 km wide. This would make the Pennsylvanian basin larger than any wetlands on Earth today.

The rainforest system collapsed about halfway through the Pennsylvanian, and was replaced by a cooler, drier climate. 

The wetland forests ended when the land level was raised by the pressure of the Gondwana continent against Laurussia, causing the zone of contact to be raised. The end of the Coal Measures marks the end of the Carboniferous period. China was too far away to be affected, and there the wetland forests continued for another 50 million years, into the early Permian.

"Lepidodendron" had tall, thick trunks that rarely branched and were topped with a crown of bifurcating branches bearing clusters of leaves. These leaves were long and narrow, similar to large blades of grass, and were spirally-arranged. 

The closely packed diamond-shaped leaf scars left on the trunk and stems as the plant grew provide some of the most interesting and common fossils in Carboniferous shales and accompanying coal deposits. These fossils look much like tire tracks or alligator skin. 

The scars, or leaf cushions, were composed of green photosynthetic tissue, evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata, microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants. Likewise, the trunks of "Lepidodendron" would have been green, unlike modern trees which have scaly, non-photosynthetic brown or gray bark.

"Lepidodendron" has been likened to a giant herb. The trunks produced very little, if any, wood. Most structural support came from a thick, bark-like region. This region remained around the trunk as a rigid layer that did not flake off like that of most modern trees. As the tree grew, the leaf cushions expanded to accommodate the increasing width of the trunk.

The branches of this plant ended in cone-like structures. "Lepidodendron" did not produce seeds like many modern plants. Instead, it reproduced by means of spores.

Stigmaria are a type of branching tree root fossil found in Carboniferous rocks. They were the roots of coal forest lycopsid trees such as "Sigillaria" and "Lepidodendron". Each trunk had four of those roots. "Stigmaria" is a "form taxon", as the genus and species of the plant bearing the root cannot be identified.

DuPont

E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (often DuPont) is an American chemical company. Eleuthère Irénée du Pont founded it in July 1802 as a gunpowder mill. DuPont was the world's third largest chemical company based on market capitalization and ninth based on revenue in 2009. Its stock price is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

In the 20th century, DuPont developed many polymers such as Vespel, neoprene, nylon, Corian, Teflon, Mylar, Kevlar, Zemdrain, M5 fiber, Nomex, Tyvek, Sorona and Lycra. DuPont developed Freon (chlorofluorocarbons) for the cooling industry and later, more environmentally friendly refrigerants. It developed synthetic pigments and paints including ChromaFlair.

Some of DuPont's trademarked brands have become genericized. For instance, “neoprene” was originally intended to be a trademark, but quickly came into common usage.

Melendi

Ramón Melendi Espinosa (born 21 January 1979 in Oviedo, Asturias) is a Spanish pop and rumba singer. He studied in the school, Leopoldo Alas "Clarín" with the Formula 1 pilot Fernando Alonso. He wrote a song for him called "Magic Alonso".

In 2003, Melendi made his first album "Sin noticias de Holanda" which had 12 songs. In December of the same year, he wrote two new songs, "Asturias" and "Moratalá", which were very successful. In 2004, one of his songs, "Con la luna llena", was chosen as the official song of a Spanish bicycling event called "La vuelta ciclista España". One year later, he made his second single album "Que el cielo espere sentao". He sold more than 200,000 copies of it. Some years later he made three more albums.

Melendi sings in concerts around Spain and South America.

Mojang Studios

Mojang Studios is a video game company based in Sweden. It started in Stockholm and was created by Markus Persson, who is commonly called Notch. He is known for making "Minecraft". The company was started in May 2009. It is the company that created and updates "Minecraft". It also develops some other games.

On September 15, 2014, Microsoft bought Mojang for 2.5 billion United States dollars. After the deal was made, Markus Persson announced that he would leave Mojang. In May 2020, Mojang was re-branded to become Mojang Studios.

Marsupial mole

Marsupial moles (Notoryctidae) is a family of marsupials of the order Notoryctemorphia. There are only two extant species:


The two species of marsupial moles are rare and poorly understood burrowing mammals of the deserts of Western Australia.

Marsupial moles spend most of their time underground, coming to the surface only occasionally, probably mostly after rains. They are blind, their eyes having become reduced to vestigial lenses under the skin, and they have no external ears, just a pair of tiny holes hidden under thick hair. They do not dig permanent burrows, filling the tunnel in behind them as they move.

Homininae

Homininae is a subfamily of Hominidae, which includes humans, gorillas, and chimpanzees which are native to Africa.

Most importantly, it also includes extinct human relatives such as Ardipithecus, Australopithecus, and earlier species of the genus "Homo". It includes all those hominid species which arose after the split from the other great apes.

FC Stattegg

FC Stattegg was a women's football club from Stattegg, Austria. The club played in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest class in Austrian women soccer. In 2011 the team was token over by SK Sturm Graz. 
as 20 May 2011, in brackets national team






Trégastel

Trégastel is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.
These are the official sister cities of Trégastel:


Garret FitzGerald

Garret Desmond FitzGerald (9 February 1926 – 19 May 2011) was an Irish politician who served twice as Taoiseach (prime minister) of Ireland, from 1981 to 1982 and again from 1982 to 1987. Elected to Seanad Éireann in 1965, and in 1969 to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD), he served as Ireland's foreign minister from 1973 to 1977 and as leader of Fine Gael from 1977 to 1987.

FitzGerald was born in Dublin in 1926 into a very politically active family. His father was Desmond FitzGerald, His mother, the former Mabel Washington McConnell, was a nationalist and republican of Ulster Protestant descent.

He was educated at the Jesuit Belvedere College and University College Dublin (UCD). A bright student who counted among his contemporaries in UCD his future political rival, Charles Haughey, who also knew Joan O'Farrell (the Liverpool-born daughter of a British army officer), a fellow student whom FitzGerald would marry in 1947.

He later qualified as a barrister from the King's Inns of Ireland.

FitzGerald was eager to enter politics and, although it was suggested by several members of Fianna Fáil (including Charles Haughey) that he should join them, he made his entry into party politics under the banner of Fine Gael. He was elected to Seanad Éireann in 1965 and soon built up his political profile. FitzGerald was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1969 general election, for the Dublin South-East constituency.

After the 1973 general election, Fine Gael came to power in a coalition government with the Labour Party, with Liam Cosgrave as Taoiseach. FitzGerald hoped that he would take over as Minister for Finance, however the position went to Richie Ryan, with FitzGerald becoming Minister for Foreign Affairs.

Ireland was no longer a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, but in 1973 had joined the European Economic Community (EEC), now known as the European Union (EU). FitzGerald, with his innovative views, energy and fluency in the French language, won Ireland a status in European affairs far beyond the country's size and ensured that the first Irish presidency of the European Council in 1975 was a noted success.

In 1977, the National Coalition of Fine Gael and Labour suffered a disastrous electoral defeat in the general election. Liam Cosgrave resigned as party leader and FitzGerald was chosen by acclamation to succeed him.

Under FitzGerald, Fine Gael experienced a rapid rise in support and popularity. After the November 1982 election it held only five seats fewer than Fianna Fáil (their closest ever margin until 2011; at times Fianna Fáil was nearly twice as large), with Fine Gael in the Oireachtas than Fianna Fáil, who had been the dominant force in Irish politics for 40 years.

By the time of the 1981 general election, Fine Gael won 65 seats and formed a minority coalition government with the Labour Party and the support of a number of Independent TDs. FitzGerald was elected Taoiseach, on 30 June 1981.

Two key problems faced FitzGerald during his first period: Northern Ireland and the worsening economic situation. On one occasion where he met with relatives of the H-Block hunger strikers, two of Thomas McElwee's sisters, Mary and Nora, broke down and left the meeting; Mary said to the media outside that "he's doing nothing, he's asking for suggestions". FitzGerald then ordered Gardaí to remove the families from the meeting.

In the subsequent general election in February 1982, Fine Gael lost only two seats but were out of power. However, a third general election within eighteen months, in November 1982, resulted in FitzGerald being returned as Taoiseach for a second time, heading a Fine Gael–Labour coalition with a working majority.

As Taoiseach for a second time, FitzGerald advocated a liberalisation of Irish society. His attempt to introduce divorce was defeated in a referendum, although he did liberalise Ireland's contraception laws.

A controversial Pro-Life Amendment (anti-abortion clause), which was stated to recognise the "Right to Life of the Unborn, with due regard to the Equal Right to Life of the Mother", was added to the Irish constitution—against FitzGerald's advice—in a 1983 national referendum.

FitzGerald set up the New Ireland Forum in 1983, which brought together representatives of the constitutional political parties in the Republic and the nationalist SDLP from Northern Ireland. It provided the incentive for the reopening of serious negotiations between the Irish and British governments, which resulted in the Anglo-Irish Agreement of 1985.

While the Agreement was rejected and criticised by Unionists, it was said to become the basis for developing trust and common action between the Irish and British governments which, in time, would ultimately bring about the Downing Street Declaration of 1993 and, subsequently, the republican and loyalist cease-fires.

In January 1987, the Labour Party members of the government withdrew from the government over disagreements due to budget proposals. FitzGerald continued as Taoiseach, heading a minority Fine Gael government and proposed the stringent budgetary cutbacks that Labour had blocked for some four years. Fianna Fáil returned to power in March 1987, after Fine Gael were heavily defeated in the 1987 general election, and Charles Haughey was elected Taoiseach.

FitzGerald retired as leader of Fine Gael immediately after the election of Charles Haughey as Taoiseach, and retired completely from politics at the 1992 general election. His wife, Joan, died before him in 1999; after that FitzGerald wrote a weekly column every Saturday in "The Irish Times", and lectured widely at home and abroad on public affairs.

In 2009, FitzGerald had received a new ministerial car, the first and only one to have been bought by the state since an economic recession hit the country in 2008.

On 5 May 2011, it was reported that FitzGerald was seriously ill in a Dublin hospital. The Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, sent his regards and called him an "institution". He was put on a ventilator. On 19 May he died aged 85, from pneumonia, at the Mater Private Hospital in Dublin.


Allineuc

Allineuc is a commune. It is found in the Bretagne region in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Andel, Côtes-d'Armor

Andel is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Aucaleuc

Aucaleuc is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bégard

Bégard is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bégard is twinned with:

Belle-Isle-en-Terre

Belle-Isle-en-Terre is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Berhet

Berhet () is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Binic

Binic is a former commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France. Once a commune of its own, Binic is now part of the commune of Binic-Étables-sur-Mer, following a merger on 1 March 2016.

Bobital

Bobital (, Gallo: "Bobitau") is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Le Bodéo

Le Bodéo (, Gallo: "Le Bodéo") is a commune. It is in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.



Boqueho

Boqueho is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

La Bouillie

La Bouillie is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bourbriac

Bourbriac is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Pollensa

Pollensa is a village in the Balearic Islands, Spain. It is on the island of Mallorca, which is in the north. Pollensa is a popular tourist area.

It highlights the Calvary or the Puente Romano, 19th century and is on the Torrente de Sant Jordi, the Municipal Museum, the Music Festival and numerous art exhibitions.

The Port of Pollensa has a long promenade and wide beaches. La Cala de San Vicente has a set of coves with crystalline waters and a set of prehistoric caves.

Fotherby

Fotherby is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England. In 2001 there were 437 people living in Fotherby. 

Radwinter

Radwinter is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 595 people living in Radwinter.

Brantham

Brantham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 2,606 people living in Brantham.

Glemsford

Glemsford is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 3,286 people living in Glemsford.

Sproughton

Sproughton (pronounced Spror-ton) is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England, just to the west of Ipswich. In 2016, there were 764 people living in Sproughton.


Kirton

Kirton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 1,086 people living in Kirton.

Pettistree

Pettistree is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 205 people living in Pettistree.

Lakenheath

Lakenheath is a village and civil parish in Forest Heath, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 4,490 people living in Lakenheath.

Littleport

Littleport is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England. In 2001 there were 7,521 people living in Littleport.

Brent Eleigh

Brent Eleigh is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 174 people living in Brent Eleigh.

Burstall

Burstall is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 189 people living in Burstall.

Lamarsh

Lamarsh is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 177 people living in Lamarsh.

Whatfield

Whatfield is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 318 people living in Whatfield.

Woolverstone

Woolverstone is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 244 people living in Woolverstone.

Elmsett

Elmsett is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 730 people living in Elmsett.

Preston St Mary

Preston St Mary is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 220 people living in Preston St Mary.

Chattisham

Chattisham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 138 people living in Chattisham.

Shotley

Shotley is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2,373 people living in Shotley.

Wickham Market

Wickham Market is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 2,204 people living in Wickham Market.

Groove metal

Groove metal is a post-thrash subgenre of heavy metal. It is often used to describe Pantera and Exhorder. Groove metal is basically thrash metal. but at a slower tempo. It often has aggressive vocals, heavy sounding bass riffs and heavy guitar riffs with typical heavy metal solos.

Petroleum coke

Petroleum coke is a solid that is mainly made of carbon. It is similar to coke, but it is gotten from petroleum (coke is made from coal). Petroleum coke can be used as an industrial fuel, but there are very toxic by-products based on nickel and vanadium which make this a problem. Petroleum coke is also used in the aluminum industry, and in the heat treatment of steel and iron. Petroleum coke may be kept in a pile near an oil refinery ready for sale.

There are four types of petroleum coke. They are: needle coke, honeycomb coke, sponge coke and shot coke. Different types of petroleum coke have different properties and microstructures.

Needle coke is a crystalline petroleum coke. It is also called acicular coke. It is used in making electrodes for the steel and aluminium industries. Needle coke is made only from either fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) decant oil or coal tar pitch.

Honeycomb coke is an intermediate coke. Compared to needle coke, honeycomb coke has a lower coefficient of thermal expansion and a lower electrical conductivity.
The chemicals inside petroleum coke depends on the petroleum feed stock used. It is mainly always made of carbon. It is also sometimes made up of hydrogen, nitrogen, sulfur and so on.

Elmswell

Elmswell is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 3,359 people living in Elmswell.

Woolpit

Woolpit is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 1,968 people living in Woolpit.

Wetherden

Wetherden is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 557 people living in Wetherden.

Waldringfield

Waldringfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 460 people living in Waldringfield.

Stokenham

Stokenham is a village and civil parish in South Hams, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 1,949 people living in Stokenham.

Hatfield Peverel

Hatfield Peverel is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4,384 people living in Hatfield Peverel.

The B1137 and B1019 roads pass through the village.

The A12 road bypasses the village.

Hatfield Peverel has a station.

Nacton

Nacton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 672 people living in Nacton.

Ousby

Ousby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 362 people living in Ousby.

Tostock

Tostock is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 414 people living in Tostock.

Kirkburton

Kirkburton is a village in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 23,986 people living in Kirkburton.

Keighley

Keighley ( ) is a town and civil parish in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. In 2001 there were 51,429 people living in Keighley.

Van Cliburn

Harvey Lavan "Van" Cliburn Jr. (July 12, 1934 – February 27, 2013) was an American classical pianist.

Cliburn was born in Shreveport, Louisiana on July 12, 1934. He moved to Kilgore, Texas at age six. He died on February 27, 2013 from bone cancer in Fort Worth, Texas, aged 78.

As an honour, a street in Fort Worth, Texas was named after him.

Marlesford

Marlesford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 223 people living in Marlesford.

Ivinghoe

Ivinghoe is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale, Buckinghamshire, England. In 2001 there were 904 people living in Ivinghoe.

Robert Malone

Robert Malone (born February 4, 1988 in Orange, California) is an American football punter for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). 

Malone was undrafted but played college football at Fresno State University. Malone was also on the roster of the Jacksonville Jaguars but was cut before training camp because they decided to stay with their current punter at that time Adam Podlesh. Malone has also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2010 and the Detroit Lions in 2012.


Robert Capron

Robert Capron (born July 9, 1998) is an American child actor, movie producer, movie director, screenwriter, and comedian. He was in "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series as Rowley Jefferson. He was in "Frankenweenie" in 2012.


Nmap

Nmap is a computer program that is used for "port scanning" (finding out all the ways a computer communicates with other computers on a network). It was written by Gordon Lyon. It can also do other kinds of scanning. This is because Nmap is open source, so many people can help write it to make it better.

Nmap works on most operating systems. It works on Linux, Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, and BSD. Most people use it on Linux, but many people use it on Windows.

Here are some things Nmap can do:

Nmap also finds out other things about computers. It can find out DNS names, MAC addresses, and the kind of computer it is.

2011 Super Outbreak

The 2011 Super Outbreak was a major tornado outbreak that happened during April 2011. It was the biggest tornado outbreak in US history. 362 tornadoes appeared during the outbreak. 3 EF5 tornadoes dropped down along with 12 EF4 tornadoes and 21 EF3 tornadoes. About 321 people died because of the tornadoes.

On the evening of April 25, dangerous supercells started forming across Arkansas, Northeast Texas, and Southeast Oklahoma. The supercells then merged into a massive squall line of severe thunderstorms. The severe thunderstorms produced tornadoes. Then, heavy rain formed northwest of the line of severe thunderstorms and tornadoes. An EF2 tornado struck Vilonia, Arkansas, and an EF3 tornado struck Hot Springs Village, Arkansas. Later, the severe thunderstorms and tornadoes moved into Tennessee and Mississippi.

On April 26, the severe thunderstorms and tornadoes moved back into Texas, Oklahoma, and Arkansas. On the evening of April 26, dangerous supercells formed over Texas. Those supercells produced dangerous tornadoes, like EF2 or EF3. Then, those supecells moved into Oklahoma and Arkansas. The squall line of severe thunderstorms moved back into Tennessee and Mississippi.

On April 27, the supercells moved into Tennessee and Mississippi, and the squall line of severe thunderstorms moved into Alabama. Then, the supercells moved into Alabama, and produced 3 EF5 tornadoes, 13 EF4 tornadoes, and 23 EF3 tornadoes. The squall line of severe thunderstorms moved into Kentucky, North Carolina, and South Carolina.

On April 28, the supercells merged into a very large squall line, and moved into Kentucky and the Carolinas. The old squall line of severe thunderstorms moved into Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, and New York. Then later, the new squall line moved into Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, and New York. The storm produced some tornadoes. The other squall lines disappeared. There were five deaths.

The Governor of Alabama, Robert J. Bentley, declared a state of emergency in Alabama after the outbreak. The tornadoes caused many power outages because power lines were damaged. More than 675,000 homes that the Tennessee Valley Authority served did not have electricity after the storms. Alabama Power said that 370,000 people in Alabama did not have power after the storms.

Brian Billick

Brian Harold Billick (born February 28, 1954 in Fairborn, Ohio) is a retired American football player and coach. He is a National Football League (NFL) game analyst for Fox. Billick was the offensive coordinator for the Minnesota Vikings offense in 1998. He coached the 2000 Baltimore Ravens when they won Super Bowl XXXV. He was fired as head coach of the Ravens on December 31, 2007. He is still friends with Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti. He has said that Bisciotti did what he believed was best for the Ravens.

Billick was a studio analyst for ABC Sports. After being fired by the Ravens, he became a draft analyst for the NFL Network during the 2008 NFL Draft. He is also an analyst on NFL Total Access. He has provided on-location analysis for the NFL Scouting Combine and NFL Draft.

Billick was drafted in the 11th round of the 1977 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. However, he did not play for the 49ers or the Dallas Cowboys. He never played in the NFL.

Junipero Serra

Junípero Serra y Ferrer (November 24, 1713 – August 28, 1784) was a Franciscan friar most well known for founding the first 9 California missions. He was from Majorca in Spain. He was a teacher of philosophy in Spain and Mexico in the 1740s.

In 1768, Serra became head of the missionaries in Baja California, and started the first and only Franciscan mission there. Soon after that, he started Mission San Diego de Alcala, the first Spanish mission in Alta California (now the state of California). Serra started nine missions in Alta California.

He was head of the California missions, and was based in Monterey. There is a statue of him in Statuary Hall in the Capitol, where he represents California. He was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1988 and canonized (made a saint) in 2015 by Pope Francis. Serra is often called the "Father of California" due to the role of the missions in establishing European rule in what is now the state of California. However, some people are now criticizing him for the way he treated Native Americans. 
Junipero Serra was born in Petra, a village on Majorca in the Balearic Islands. His name at birth was Miquel Josep Serra i Ferrer, which is Catalan.

At age 17, Serra joined the Franciscan order of monks.

Serra often punished himself in order to cleanse his soul of sins. He whipped himself.

On July 1, 1769, Serra arrived in what is now San Diego. He started Mission San Diego de Alcala. A mission is a religious community where the Spanish taught the Native people about their religion, Catholicism.

Serra started a total of nine missions. They are:

These missions were an important part of Spanish rule because if a mission was built in a place, it would be harder for other European countries to claim that land for themselves.

In these missions, the Native Americans were taught European ways. They learned how to speak Spanish and the basics of the Catholic faith. They also farmed and made things such as candles and clothes. However, some Native Americans did not like living in the missions. They thought the Spanish were treating them wrong and they fought back.

Serra died at Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo in what is now Carmel-by-the-Sea, California. He is buried there. People go to his grave to pray in his name.

Serra was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1988. When he was beatified, it means that the Catholic Church recognizes that he went to heaven and can intercede on behalf of people who pray in his name. He was also now called "Blessed." However, he was not a saint yet because beatification is step 3 out of the 4 steps of becoming a saint in the Catholic Church.

In 2015, Pope Francis canonized Serra. That means that he is now officially recognized as a saint in the Catholic Church and has his own feast day (July 1 in the United States, August 28 everywhere else). July 1 is his feast day in America to honor the day he arrived in San Diego.

There are many statues of Junipero Serra in California. There are also many places named after him, such as schools and roads.

People have criticized Junipero Serra for his treatment of the Native people who live in what is now the state of California. They said that he beat them up and didn't allow them to practice their own cultures and religions. However, other people say that Serra did a lot of good things for the Native people. Unlike other Europeans at the time, he thought that the Native Californians had souls. He also taught them how to read and write.

In 2020, many statues of Junipero Serra were damaged and pulled down. Other statues of him have been removed and put away. These events have taken place in light of the George Floyd protests, when people were working to end racism in American society.

Preludes (Chopin)

Preludes, Op. 28 is a collection of 24 short musical works for solo piano, written by Frédéric Chopin between 1837 and 1838 and published in the middle of 1839, just after the composer's winter stay on the isle of Majorca with George Sand.

Chopin was greatly influenced by Johann Sebastian Bach when he wrote these preludes. Each of the works in the collection is in a different major or minor key, with not one being left out, just like Bach's 24 preludes and fugues in "The Well-Tempered Clavier". But unlike Bach, Chopin arranges the preludes in order through the circle of fifths. The first prelude in the set is in C major, the next in A minor, then G major, E minor, and so on, until the last two, which are in F major and finally D minor.

The "Preludes" are all very different. Many are very short (they take only about one minute each to play), so the atmosphere changes quickly, and this can make the overall structure seem out of place. Artists have recorded the entire set of preludes on CDs, and they are often performed in concerts as well.

One of the well-known pieces from the "Preludes" is Prelude No. 15, in D-flat major and nicknamed "Raindrop". This nickname refers to the monotonous repetition of one note in the accompaniment. It reminded early music lovers of the dripping of raindrops. Another well-known number is Prelude No. 4, in E minor, with its melancholy descending chords in the accompaniment.

Besides the 24 preludes of Op. 28, Chopin would write three more preludes, Op. 45 in C-sharp minor (composed in 1841), one in A-flat major (1834), and the so-called "Devil's Trill" Prelude, in E-flat minor, which Chopin never ended up finishing.


Union Kleinmünchen

Union Kleinmünchen Linz is a women soccer club from Linz, Upper Austria. It was founded in 1980 and was the first club, which is a pure women soccer club. The colours of the team are red and white.

The club was founded in 1980 and started playing in the highest league. From 1980 till 2008 they played each season in the highest class. The season 2008/09 they played for the first time in the 2. league but next season (2009/10) they could reach the championship and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga.



Symphony No. 6 (Beethoven)

Symphony No. 6 in F major, Op. 68 (Pastorale) is a symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven. The composer began making sketches for the symphony in 1806. The symphony was completed in 1808 in the village of Heiligenstadt northwest of Vienna. It was first performed in Vienna, Austria on 22 December 1808 in the Theater an der Wien with the premieres of the Symphony No. 5 in C minor, the Piano Concerto No. 4 in G major, the "Choral" Fantasy, "Ah! perfido!" (a concert aria composed in 1796), and excerpts from the Mass in C major of 1807.

There are five movements in the symphony. The movements in order are allegro ma non troppo ("Joyful Feelings Upon Arriving in the Country"), andante molto mosso ("By the Brook"), allegro ("Peasant Merrymaking"), allegro ("The Thunderstorm"), and allegretto ("The Shepherd's Song After the Storm"). The first movement is in sonata form. It is placid and cheerful. It depicts the composer's feelings as he arrives in the country. The second movement is in sonata form. Beethoven helpfully identified the bird species in the score: nightingale (flute), quail (oboe) and cuckoo (clarinet). The third movement is the scherzo movement of the symphony. It depicts the country folk dancing and it ends unexpectedly when the country folk notice that raindrops are starting to fall. The fourth movement depicts a violent thunderstorm, starting with just a few drops of rain and building to a climax. There is, of course, thunder, as well as lightning, high winds, and sheets of rain. The finale is in sonata rondo form. The first eight bars form a continuation of the introduction of which the storm was the main part; the finale proper begins in the ninth bar.


Australasia

Australasia is one of the world's geographical regions. It is unified in natural history and geology because of its ancient origin as part of the supercontinent Gondwana. It is the geographical area which contains the Australasian ecozone.

Its islands are all south-east of the Bali–Lombok line, known as the Wallace Line, after Alfred Russel Wallace. The main political entities are Australia, Indonesia, New Zealand, and Papua New Guinea. The main islands are:


Australasia's region is Oceania. It includes Australia, New Zealand, the island of New Guinea, and neighbouring islands in the Pacific Ocean.

Salzburger AK 1914

The Salzburger AK 1914 is a football club from Salzburg. It was founded 1914 and is the oldest football club in Salzburg.
The club was formed by pupils from a nearby school. In 1914 the club was officially formed and played their first match against FC Traunstein. The first match was lost by 1:4. Nevertheless before the Second World War the SAK 1914 was the most successful football club in Salzburg. 1934, 1935 and 1937 they reached the final of the Austrian amateur championship but could not win. Edi Kainberger, Karl Kainberger, Ernst Bacher and Adolf Laudon, players of SAK, were part of the 1936 Olympic squad, where Austria reached the second place. At all they reached 3o Championships in Salzburg.

After the war other clubs like SV Austria Salzburg ( now Red Bull Salzburg) or SK Bischofshofen were more successful but the SAK was the first team from Salzburg which reached the highest class (1952-Staatsliga A). Also in the 1961/62 and 1980/81 season they played in the highest division. All together the SAK played nine seasons in the professional leagues. But 1988 they were relegated from the 2.Division and playing ever since that time in amateur leagues.

The 2007/08 season was the last in their venue, the SAK Sportanlage Nonntal. It was renovated and was now called Sportzentrum Mitte. The SAK must play together with the UFC Salzburg at this pitch.


in brackets:Level in Austrian football

Dysart, Fife

Dysart () is a town on the south-east coast of Scotland, between Kirkcaldy and West Wemyss in Fife. A former royal burgh, Dysart is now a suburb of Kirkcaldy. Dysart was once part of a large estate owned by the St Clair or Sinclair family. They were given burgh of barony status for the town at the end of the 15th century.

The first written record of the town was in the early 13th century. During the middle of the 15th century, the town traded with the Low Countries, and exported salt and coal. In the 16th and 17th centuries, they began to trade with the Baltic Countries. Dysart got two nicknames: "Salt Burgh" and "Little Holland".

When the coal mine, the Lady Blanche Pit, closed suddenly use of the harbour almost stopped. The town was joined with the royal burgh of Kirkcaldy in 1930. Large parts of the historic town were pulled down in the 1950s and 1960's for new housing. People living in the town were able to protect some areas, most notably the 16th century and the 18th century houses of Pan Ha' opposite the harbour. These have been repaired and preserved for future generations. Today, Dysart retains an individual character within the boundary borders of neighbouring Kirkcaldy.

Tattingstone

Tattingstone is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 462 people living in Tattingstone.

Chelmondiston

Chelmondiston is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,018 people living in Chelmondiston.

Dinan

Dinan is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Léhon was merged into Dinan.

Dinan is twinned with:

Dinan is a start of the 6th stage of the 2011 Tour de France.

Guingamp

Guingamp is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Guingamp is twinned with:


Lannion

Lannion is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Saint-Brieuc

Saint-Brieuc is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany.


Saint-Brieuc "préfecture" of the Côtes-d'Armor is twinned with :


Capel St. Mary

Capel St Mary is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2,993 people living in Capel St Mary.

Bourseul

Bourseul (, Gallo: "Bórsoeut") is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Stoke-by-Nayland

Stoke-by-Nayland is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 703 people living in Stoke-by-Nayland.

Bréhand

Bréhand is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Holton St. Mary

Holton St Mary is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 209 people living in Holton St Mary.

Thorpe Morieux

Thorpe Morieux is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 257 people living in Thorpe Morieux.

Recession

A recession is where there is a long period of time where there is economic decline. This can mean that people are choosing not to spend their money (due to Deflation) or are choosing to rapidly convert their money (due to Inflation).

An example of this is the Great Recession of 2007-2008.

Civil parishes in Cumbria

This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Cumbria, England.

The whole of the borough is parished.
The former Barrow in Furness County Borough is unparished.

The former Carlisle County Borough is unparished.

The former Whitehaven Municipal Borough is unparished.

The former Penrith Urban District is unparished.

The whole of the district is parished.




Biz Markie

Marcel Theo Hall (April 8, 1964 – July 16, 2021), known professionally as Biz Markie, was an American rapper, DJ, and record producer. He was best known for his 1989 single, "Just a Friend".

Markie was born in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. He married Tara Hall in 2005.

Markie was nicknamed the "Clown Prince of Hip Hop".

On July 1, 2021, there had been rumors about Markie dying.

Markie died fifteen days later on July 16 in Baltimore, Maryland from diabetes-related problems at age 57.


Matt Mead

Matthew Hansen "Matt" Mead (born March 11, 1962) is an American politician. He was the 32nd Governor of Wyoming from 2011 to 2019. He easily won against former chairman of the Wyoming Democratic Party, Leslie Petersen in the election and became the governor.

Mead was born in Teton County, Wyoming. Mead is married to Carol L. Mintzer and they have 2 children together.


Herman Cain

Herman Cain (December 13, 1945 – July 30, 2020) was an American businessman, politician and Baptist minister.

He managed several businesses owned by Pillsbury, such as Burger King and Godfather's Pizza, which he ran from 1986 to 1996.

He was also head of the Federal Reserve Bank in Kansas City, Missouri. Cain started working in politics in 1994. He said that President Clinton's health care plan was bad for business. Some people credit him with stopping Clinton's health care plan.

He unsuccessfully ran for president in the 2000. Cain then ran for the U.S. Senate in Georgia in 2004, but he lost.

He was going to run for president in the Republican primaries of 2012. Cain won a couple of the Republican straw polls. In December 2011, Cain left the Presidential race. This was because several women accused him of sexual harassment.

Cain is African American and was from Memphis.

Cain went to a campaign rally of President Donald Trump in Tulsa on June 20 without wearing a mask or socially distancing. He was hospitalized in Atlanta, Georgia and was diagnosed with COVID-19. He died from the infection on July 30, 2020 at the age of 74.

Madame de Lafayette

Marie-Madeleine Pioche de La Vergne, countess of La Fayette (or Lafayette) was a French writer. She is commonly known as Madame de Lafayette. She was born on 18 March 1634 in Paris, and died there, on 26 May 1693. In 1678, she published the novel "La Princesse de Clèves" (the Princess of Clèves). This book is regarded as one of the first psychological novels.

Adrienne de La Fayette

"Marie Adrienne" Françoise de Noailles, madame de La Fayette (2 November 1759 – 24 December 1807). She was born in Paris at the family home, the Hôtel de Noailles. Known as "Mademoiselle d'Ayen-"she was the second daughter of the duc d'Ayen, a powerful French noble-prior to her marriage to Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette, in the chapel of the Hôtel de Noailles on April 11, 1774. The couple lived there for the first few years of their marriage. They had four children. 




Lake Torrens National Park

Lake Torrens National Park is a national park in South Australia, 345 km north of Adelaide. The park protects the area around Lake Torrens, which is a large, dry, salt lake covering an area of 5,700 square kilometres. The lake is part of a large rift valley that also includes Spencer Gulf. Lake Torrens has been filled with water twice in the last 150 years. 

The lake filled in 2010 and attracted a large number of birds, including 150,000 Banded Stilts. This bird can only breed on islands in flooded salt lakes and have only bred in South Australia seven times in the last 70 years. The last known breeding was at Lake Eyre in 2000. During dry times the stilts live at the Coorong Lakes waiting for the salt lakes to flood.

The first European to find Lake Torrens was Edward John Eyre in 1839. For many years it was believed that Lake Torrens was a large horseshoe-shaped salt lake in the northern Flinders Ranges. This salt lake blocked any path to the interior. The first European to get through this barrier was A. C. Gregory from the north in March 1858. 

Later in 1858, an expedition under Benjamin Herschel Babbage and Major Warburton in the north-west also crossed the non-existent barrier near modern Marree. Eyre's horseshoe lake was actually made up of six large salt lakes; Lake Frome, Lake Callabonna, Lake Blanche, Lake Gregory, Lake Eyre South, and Lake Torrens itself.

Hominin

Hominini is the tribe of african apes that comprises humans ("Homo"), and all ancestors of "Homo sapiens" back to the split from the apes. This branching is now dated at five to eight million years ago, with "Sahelanthropus" as a key fossil.

A less frequent usage includes the two species present-day of the genus "Pan" (the common chimpanzee and the bonobo). In this case, the subtribe Hominina is the "human" branch, including genus "Homo" and its close relatives, but not "Pan". All species in this tribe carry the same four blood-types which can be exchanged between species.

Subtribe Panina
Subtribe Hominina

Hominina

Hominina is a sub-tribe of the hominid primates. It is used by some anthropologists to include the upright biped apes, including the genus "Homo".

If an anthropologist wants to includes chimpanzees in the tribe Hominini, then it follows that a sub-tribe is needed to put Australopithecines and humans in. But this is not a majority view at present, and the mainstream view is:

If used, the group includes "Sahelanthropus" six to eight million years ago.

Even today, the genus "Homo" has not been properly defined.

Because there was no reason to think it would ever have any additional members, Carl Linnaeus did not even bother to define "Homo" when he first created it for humans in the 18th century. The discovery of Neanderthals brought the first addition.

The genus "Homo" was given its taxonomic name to suggest that its member species can be classified as human.

Over the decades of the 20th century, there were fossil finds of pre-human and early human species from late Miocene and early Pliocene times.

Classifying a fossil as "Homo" means evidence of:

Summer Palace

The Summer Palace is a palace in Beijing, China. It is mainly dominated by Longevity Hill (60 meters high) and the Kunming Lake. It covers an expanse of 2.9 square kilometers, three quarters of which is water. The palace is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Between 1750 and 1764 the Qing Emperor Qianlong created the Garden of Clear Ripples (Summer Palace), extending the area of the lake and carrying out other improvements based on the hill and its landscape. During the Second Opium War (1856-60) the garden and its buildings were destroyed by the allied forces. Between 1886 and 1895 it was reconstructed by Emperor Guangxu and renamed the Summer Palace, for use by Empress Dowager Cixi. It was damaged in 1900 by the international expeditionary force during the suppression of the Boxer Rising and 24 years later, it became a public park in 1924.

There are many buildings in the Summer Palace including The Cloud-Dispelling Hall, the Temple of Buddhist Virtue and the Sea of Wisdom Temple.


Banded stilt

The banded stilt ("Cladorhynchus leucocephalus") is a stilt bird from Australia. It is a type of water bird known as a wader.

The bird gets its name from the red-brown stripe that adults have on their chests. Younger birds do not have them. Its other feathers are pied (black and white) and the eyes are dark brown. The Banded stilt is 35–45 cm tall. It is called the "Flamingo of Australia", and the Rottnest snipe on Rottnest Island. However, it is not related to true snipes.

They spend much of their life looking for food near the ocean in river estuaries and on tidal flats, but they lay eggs in the desert when it rains there. They lay 1-5 eggs at a time. The eggs are white, brown or black eggs. The nests are small holes scraped in the sand or sandy clay. Banded stilts breed on islands created when dry salt lakes fill with water. They come to the lakes to eat the brine shrimp, "Paratemia". The eggs of the shrimp can lie in the dry lake beds for many years until the rains fall.

In 200 years of Europen settlement in Australia, people have only recorded banded stilts laying eggs on 20 occasions. In South Australia, where the stilts are listed as a vulnerable species, they have only bred seven times in the last 70 years. In 2010 there was a huge breeding event at Lake Torrens National Park where more than 150,000 birds gathered as the lake filled for only the second time in 150 years. The eggs and chicks are often eaten by silver gulls. In 2000 when the stilts were breeding on Lake Eyre, nearly all the chicks were eaten.


Brief psychotic disorder

Brief psychotic disorder is a short illness of less than one month that has psychotic symptoms. This could be like having schizophrenia symptoms for only an hour, but it can be any psychotic disorder, such as delusions or hallucinations. Doctors describe three types of BPD. The first type is caused by some kind of traumatic stress. The second type has no known cause. Some psychologists believe it could be from stimulants such as caffeine, morphine or any type of drug. There is no known cure but staying away from caffeinated drinking may lower the risk of brief psychotic disorder. The third type is caused by childbirth and usually affects mothers about four weeks after having a baby.

Conduct disorder

Conduct disorder (CD) is a mental disorder in which a person habitually, deliberately violates the rights of others. They are typically aggressive and threaten to hit people. Habitual stealing is common; some people with CD are sex offenders. They do not feel bad or guilty about hurting people, and often enjoy doing so. Many people with CD go on to develop antisocial personality disorder. Everyone who has ASPD previously had CD. The CD affected person finds that acting out gives them attention (even though it is negative attention they are receiving) and in turn they feel it gives them a sense of importance. Some risk factors are heredity, child neglect and the loss of family member and or parent. Anti-psychotic therapy is recommended in cases where the offender is psychotic. A high proportion of people who have CD also have other mental disorders, most commonly attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, which makes the affects of CD worse.

Kodad

Kodad is a town in the Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh in India. The Madhira Institute of Technology and Science has a 40 acre campus about eight kilometres from Kodad.

Hox gene

Hox genes are a group of related genes that determine the basic structure and orientation of animals and plants. 'Hox' is short for 'homeobox'. 

Hox genes are critical for the proper placement of segment structures of animals during early embryonic development (e.g. legs, antennae, and wings in fruit flies or the different vertebrate ribs in humans).

Hox genes are a complex of genes whose proteins bind to the regulatory regions of target genes. The target genes then activate or repress cell processes to direct the final development of the organism. 

In some organisms, especially vertebrates, the various hox genes are very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters.

The order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo. The first gene is expressed in the front of the developing organism. The reason for this co-linearity is not yet completely understood. The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies.

The homeodomain protein motif is highly similar in most animals and plants. In addition, homeodomains of individual hox proteins are similar in many species. 

Because of this, it is thought hox gene clusters evolved from a single hox gene via tandem gene duplication. A hox gene cluster with at least seven different hox genes was probably present in the common ancestor of all bilateral animals.

Humans have a total of 39 hox genes in clusters on four chromosomes.


Can't Be Tamed

Can't Be Tamed is the third album made by American singer Miley Cyrus. The album has twelve songs including three singles.



"Can't Be Tamed" is Cyrus's first single. It was released May 18th, 2010. "Can't Be Tamed" had good reviews from critics. The song peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached its highest peak at number five on both the Irish Singles Chart and New Zealand Singles Chart. The music video is Cyrus performing with backup dancers throughout a museum. Cyrus is first trapped in a giant cage, being watched by people in the audience as they were trying to see the rare creature 'Adias Cyrus' she then escapes and trashes the museum. She has promoted "Can't Be Tamed" by performing it at several places, including a performance on "Britain's Got Talent" and the critics had negative ratings and reviews. The song is also a part of Cyrus' second world tour, Gypsy Heart Tour.

"Who Owns My Heart" is Cyrus' second single. It was released on October 22, 2010. Cyrus described it as a "total dance track" with a cool idea. Cyrus' "Who Owns My Heart" is a club-oriented song that speaks of meeting a potential love on the dance floor. The song tries not to proceed to question, "Who owns my heart? Is it love or is it art?" Bill Lamb of About.com thought that, despite its beat, the overall sound of "Who Owns My Heart" is faceless and dull. The video starts with Cyrus asleep, blindfolded on a mattress in a bedroom. She wakes up and shakes on the mattress. Following, Cyrus goes to a bathroom, her outfit is a white tank top, white boy shorts, a fishnet hair wrap, rollers, and heavy metal jewelry. While in the bathroom scenes, Cyrus sings as she sits on the edge of a bathtub and prepares herself for a party. When the chorus comes on, Cyrus appears shaking in the backseat of a limousine, costumed in a low-cut gold halter top, black hot pants, a black jacket with shoulder pads, and big hair. Once arrived at the mansion party, she is first seen dancing on top of a big, wooden table. In continuing after, Cyrus dances with multiple people on the dance floor. Cut-scenes feature Cyrus in all prior scenes or dancing with others in the mansion's study. The video finishes with Cyrus back in her bedroom, once again waking up.

"Every Rose Has Its Thorn" is Cyrus' third single. It was a single on June 11th, 2011. It was made by Poison in 1988. Miley's version is one minute and 29 seconds shorter than Poison's official song. Hollywood Records released Cyrus' cover in June 2011, and a music video was created and released in 2010.

Brélidy

Brélidy is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bringolo

Bringolo is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Broons

Broons is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Broons is twinned with:

Brusvily

Brusvily is a commune. It is in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bulat-Pestivien

Bulat-Pestivien is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Bulat-Pestivien is twinned with Ballyferriter (Baile an Fheirtéaraigh), Ireland, since 1992.

Calanhel

Calanhel is a commune. It is in Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in west France.

Callac

Callac is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Ploumanac'h

Ploumanac'h is a village in the commune of Perros-Guirec. It is in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Castleton

Castleton is the name of several places in the world:

In England:
In Scotland:
In Wales:

In the United States:

In Canada:

George Turner (artist)

George Turner (2 April 1841 – 29 Mar 1910) was an English landscape artist and farmer. He was also called "Derbyshire's John Constable".

Turner was born in Cromford, Derbyshire in England, then moved to Derby with his family. His father Thomas Turner was a tailer and favoured art works, so he adviced his son to learn art and music. Turner made progress mainly by himself, and became a professional painter and art teacher.

Turner lived in Derbyshire all his life. In 1865 he married Eliza Lakin (1837 - 1900), and worked as a part-time farmer raising four children at Walnut farm in Barrow upon Trent. 

After Eliza's death in 1900, he moved to Kirk Ireton and later married fellow artist Kate Stevens Smith (1871-1964) - they set up home in Idridgehay, and he died there in 1910. His son William Lakin Turner (1867-1929) also became a famous landscape oil painter.

Most of Turner's paintings are of Derbyshire where he lived. They show old English countryside before the coming of modernization. His work was exhibited in Nottingham and Birmingham. Turner was a member of the Art Committee of Derby Art Gallery and the city has both his and his son's paintings.



Peace of Münster

The Peace of Münster is part of the Peace of Westphalia. It is the document which ends the Eighty Years' War between Spain and the Netherlands with Spain's recognition of Dutch independence. 

Dayton (disambiguation)

Dayton is a city in and the county seat of Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Dayton may also refer to:





Communes of the Côtes-d'Armor department

The following is a list of the 373 communes of the Côtes-d'Armor "département" in France.

Calorguen

Calorguen is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Perros-Guirec

Perros-Guirec is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Perros-Guirec is twinned with:


Trébeurden

Trébeurden is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Trébeurden is twinned with:

Phase-shift keying

Phase shift keying is a way of transmitting information. This is done by modulating the phase of a carrier wave. In such a system, the amplitude of the wave does not carry any information; all information is present in the phase of the signal. In many cases, this allows to better use the bandwidth available. 

If we think of a wave as a wiggly line, (like a sine wave), wiggling a specific number of times a second, and we can change at which part of the wiggle it is in. Say if it is at the top of its wiggle, and we immediately change it to the bottom of its wiggle, this is called a phase shift. We can use that change to carry information.

By either changing or not changing the wave every time it gets to the top of its wiggle, we can send either ones or zeros. This is called Binary Phase Shift Keying. If we change the phase of the wave as it reaches the top, we can have this represent a 1. If we don't change it at the top, we can have this represent a 0. We can use a computer and a radio to turn text into a wave like this and then send it. A radio and a computer listening to this wave changing or not changing can figure out the original message being sent and turn it back into text.

Binary Phase Shift Keying can be used to send computer data across radio waves quite efficiently. Certain Wireless LAN standards use Phase-shift keying, which they sometimes couple with Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing, to get higher data rates.

Pritzker Architecture Prize

The Pritzker Architecture Prize is given each year by the Hyatt Foundation. It is for talented and significant architect who has created great projects throughout his or her life. Jay A. Pritzker and his wife Cindy began the award in 1979. The Pritzker family pays for the prize. It is the top prize in architecture, and it is often called the Nobel Prize of architecture. The country, race, religion or political ideas of the architect are not important. Winners get US$100,000 and a certificate. Winners receive a medal. The back of the medal has these words in Latin—"firmitas, utilitas, venustas" (English: "durability, utility, and beauty"). The idea comes from the Roman architect Vitruvius. Before 1987, a limited edition Henry Moore sculpture came with the prize money.

Martha Thorne has been the Executive Director since 2009. The director asks many people, including past winners, academics, critics and others involved in architecture to suggest possible winners. Any licensed architect can also apply for the prize before 1 November every year. In 1988 Gordon Bunshaft applied for the award himself and eventually won it. Five to nine jury members meet early the next year before announcing the winner in spring.

The first winner was Philip Johnson. The award was "for 50 years of imagination and vitality" shown by the many "museums, theaters, libraries, houses, gardens and corporate structures". The 2004 laureate Zaha Hadid was the first female prize winner. Ryūe Nishizawa became the youngest winner in 2010 at age 44. The most recent winner, in 2019, is Arata Isozaki.


Jejomar Binay

Jejomar "Jojo" Cabauatan Binay (born November 11, 1942), also known as Jojo Binay or VNay, is a Filipino politician. He previously served as the 15th Vice President of the Philippines from June 30, 2010 to June 30, 2016. Before he became vice president, he was Mayor of Makati City from 1986 to 1998 and again from 2001 to 2010.

He ran for President in 2016, but lost to Rodrigo Duterte.

Loudéac

Loudéac is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Loudéac is twinned with:

Plérin

Plérin is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Erquy

Erquy is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Erquy is twinned with:

Lamballe

Lamballe is a former commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Lamballe-Armor.

Lamballe is twinned with:

Quintin

Quintin is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Quintin is twinned with:

Paimpol

Paimpol is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Paimpol is twinned with:


Milparinka, New South Wales

Milparinka is a very small town in New South Wales, Australia. About ten people live in Milparinka, which is about 296 kilometres north of Broken Hill. It is built beside a waterhole on Evelyn Creek, named by the explorer Charles Sturt after his wife in 1844. Sturt and his group had been trapped at a waterhole they called Depot Glen nearby on Preservation Creek for seven months while they waited for rain.

Gold was found at Milparinka, which became the centre for the Albert Goldfields in the 1880s. Two other nearby gold towns, Albert and Mount Browne, were abandoned because of the lack of water. During the peak of the goldrush, Milparinka had a population of more than 3000 people. By 1893 most people had left. Today there are only a few buildings left, the hotel, the courthouse, police station, and the remains of the post office. 

The courthouse was built of local sandstone in 1896. The final court session was in 1921. The building has been restored and is used as a local museum.


Skin cancer

Skin cancer is the term that is used for all bad forms of growth of the skin. In everyday use, people often talk about melanoma, but there are other forms of skin cancer, too. These are usually named after the type of cell that grows uncontrollably. Most skin cancers develop in the epidermis. Very often a tumor can be seen, so it is often possible to detect skin cancer at an early stage. Very few people with skin cancer will die of the disease., though it can be disfiguring. Melanoma survival rates are poorer than for non-melanoma skin cancer, although when melanoma is diagnosed at an early stage, treatment is easier and more people survive.

Skin cancer is the most commonly diagnosed type of cancer. Melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancers combined are more common than lung, breast, colorectal, and prostate cancer. Melanoma is less common than both basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma, but it is the most serious — for example, in the UK there were over 11,700 new cases of melanoma in 2008, and over 2,000 deaths. It is the second most common cancer in young adults aged 15–34 in the UK. Most cases are caused by over-exposure to UV rays from the sun or sunbeds. 

Non-melanoma skin cancers are the most common skin cancers. The majority of these are basal cell carcinomas. These are usually small spot growths caused by too much exposure to the sun over time. They do not usually spread, and rarely kill.

Jafri dialect

Jafri dialect is a variety of Saraiki spoken in the Musakhel District of Balochistan province of Pakistan. It's intelligibility with Dogri is 80%. 

Yffiniac

Yffiniac is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Yffiniac is twinned with:

Bernard Hinault (1954- )

Moncontour, Côtes-d'Armor

Moncontour is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Ploufragan

Ploufragan is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Beriberi

Beriberi (also called vitamin B1 deficiency) is a disease of the nervous system. It happens when a person does not get enough thiamine (vitamin B1) in their diet. 

Thiamine helps the body turn food into energy. People need thiamine for good brain function and a healthy liver, skin, hair, and eyes. It also helps the nervous system work properly.

Without enough thiamine, a person’s body cannot create all the energy the person needs. As a result, people with beriberi have severe lethargy and feel exhausted. Beriberi can also cause muscles to get weaker. These symptoms can make it hard for a person to do simple things. 

Some people with beriberi have heart problems or even die. Beriberi can also cause problems with the gastrointestinal system. 

Most people get enough vitamin B1 in their regular diet. However, some groups are more likely to get beriberi. These include people who drink a lot of alcohol and people who eat an unhealthy or unbalanced diet, like a diet of mostly white rice. 

There are two kinds of beriberi: wet and dry. Wet beriberi mainly affects the cardiovascular system. Dry beriberi affects the nervous system. There is also a rare type of genetic beriberi. 

Most of the time, dry beriberi and wet beriberi happen at the same time in the same person. When this takes place, the victim is likely to only get the symptoms of one beriberi.



Île-de-Bréhat

Île-de-Bréhat is an island and a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Pontrieux

Pontrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Uzel

Uzel is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.


Hugh Downs

Hugh Malcolm Downs (February 14, 1921 – July 1, 2020) was an American radio and television broadcaster, announcer, television host, news anchor, TV producer, author, game show host, and music composer.

For many years, he held the Guinness World Record for the most hours on commercial network television, before Regis Philbin broke his record. 

Downs was announcer/sidekick for "Tonight Starring Jack Paar" from 1957 to 1962, co-host of the NBC News program "Today" from 1962 to 1971, host of the "Concentration" game show from 1958 to 1969, and anchor of the ABC News magazine "20/20" from 1978 to 1999. 

Downs was born in Akron, Ohio on February 14, 1921. His career would start in 1945 and since then he had appeared in over 100 television programs and guest star appearances, he retired in 1999. He was married to Ruth Shaheen from 1944 until her death in 2017. They had two children together. 

Downs died on July 1, 2020, in Scottsdale, Arizona from heart failure. He was 99.


Dodder

The Dodder, Cuscuta, is a genus of about 100–170 species of parasitic flowering plants. 

Recent genetic research has shown that it is correctly placed in the morning glory family, Convolvulaceae. 

The genus is found throughout the temperate and tropical regions of the world. Most species live in subtropical and tropical regions. The genus is rare in cool temperate climates, with only four species native to northern Europe.

Dodder can be identified by its thin stems. They look leafless, with the leaves reduced to minute scales. 

From mid-summer to early autumn, the vines can produce small fruit that take the same color as the vine, and are about the size of a common pea. It has very low levels of chlorophyll; some species, such as "Cuscuta reflexa", can photosynthesize slightly. Others such as "C. europaea" are entirely dependent on the host plants for nutrition. 

Dodder flowers range in color from white to pink to yellow to cream. Some flower in the early summer, others later, depending on the species. The seeds are tiny, and produced in large amounts. They have a hard coating, and can survive in the soil for 5–10 years or more.

Dodder seeds sprout at or near the surface of the soil. Germination occurs without a host, but the seedling must reach a green plant quickly. Dodder grows toward the smell of nearby plants. 

If a plant is not reached within 5 to 10 days of germination, the dodder seedling will die. Before a host plant is reached, the dodder, as other plants, relies on food reserves in the embryo; the cotyledons are very small.
After a dodder attaches itself to a plant, it wraps itself around it. If the host contains food useful to dodder, the dodder produces 'haustoria' that insert themselves into the host. The original root of the dodder in the soil then dies. 

The dodder can grow and attach itself to multiple plants. In tropical areas it can grow continuously, and may reach high into the canopy of shrubs and trees. In temperate climates it is an annual plant, restricted to low vegetation that can be reached by new seedlings each spring.

Dodder is parasitic on a very wide variety of plants, including a number of agricultural and horticultural crop species, such as alfalfa, flax, clover, potatoes, chrysanthemum, dahlia, trumpet vine, ivy and petunias, among others.

Kangaroo Island

Kangaroo Island is Australia's third-largest island after Tasmania and Melville Island. 

It is southwest of Adelaide in the state of South Australia.

At its closest point to the mainland, it is offshore from Cape Jervis. 

The island is long and between and wide, its area covering . Its coastline is long and highest altitude is .

More than half of the island has never been cleared of vegetation, and a quarter of it is conserved in National Parks, Conservation Parks, and five Wilderness Protection Areas. The main protected areas are:

Because of its isolation from mainland Australia, foxes and rabbits are not there. People are forbidden to bring them into the island. Registration and microchipping of cats is complulsory. 

The Kangaroo Island kangaroo, Rosenberg's sand goanna, southern brown bandicoot, Tammar wallaby, common brushtail possum, short-beaked Echidna and New Zealand fur seal are native to the island, as well as six bat and frog species. The sole endemic (found nowhere else) vertebrate species is a small marsupial carnivore called the Kangaroo Island dunnart. The koala, common ringtail possum and "Platypus" have been introduced and still survive there. Kangaroo Island had a native species of emu, the Kangaroo Island emu which became extinct between 1802 and official European settlement in 1836. Perhaps this was caused by bushfires or hunting by sealers or whalers.

The introduced koalas have flourished so well on the island that their preferred food source, the manna gum tree, is at risk of local extinction. Koalas have recently been forced to turn to other, less tasty, plants. Park Management has been searching for a solution.

The island is a major tourist attraction.

J. B. Priestley

John Boynton Priestley OM (13 September 1894 – 14 August 1984) was born in Bradford and died in Stratford-upon-Avon. He was an English novelist, playwright and broadcaster Generally, he is known as J.B. Priestley. He published 26 novels. His best-known works include "The Good Companions" (1929) and "An Inspector Calls" (1946) which were two of his many many creations including his characters. He also wrote social and literary criticism. 

Southampton Central railway station

Southampton Central railway station is the main train station in Southampton. It is served by First Great Western, South West Trains, CrossCountry & Southern.

It has services terminating for Portsmouth and Southsea, Great Malvern, London Waterloo, Newcastle and other services.

Saint-Quay-Portrieux

Saint-Quay-Portrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Langueux

Langueux is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Langueux is twinned with:

Rostrenen

Rostrenen is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Rostrenen is twinned with:

Communes of the Côte-d'Or department

The following is a list of the 707 communes of the Côte-d'Or "département" in France.

Arriva Trains Wales

Arriva Trains Wales () was a train operating company, owned by Arriva, that operated passenger services in Wales and the Welsh Marches. Its busiest stations were , and . Other stations on their main line included: , , and .

The company operates the Wales and Border railway franchise from the company of the same name in December 2003. They have made direct services between North and South Wales, and the reintroduction of passenger services on freight-only portions of the Vale of Glamorgan Line and Ebbw Vale Line.

It operates on a gauge of 1435 mm, over a route length: 1691 km, with 253 DMU cars and 22 passenger coaches.

Arriva Trains Wales operated almost all services in Wales, with the exception of:



List of companies operating trains in the United Kingdom

There are several companies operating trains in the United Kingdom. These include the operators of passenger services, which are, rather confusingly, officially referred to as "train operating companies" or TOCs, as distinct from "freight operating companies".

The following operate the services that comprise the National Rail network in Great Britain.
There are also several heritage lines and light rail systems.

A number of operating companies have ceased to exist for a number of reasons, including premature withdrawal of the franchise; the natural term of the franchise has expired; bankruptcy; or there has been a merger.


In Northern Ireland passenger trains are still government-owned, under the auspices of Translink. The following brands are used:



In Northern Ireland


Hugo Black

Hugo LaFayette Black (February 27, 1886 – September 25, 1971) was an American judge, politician, and anti-Catholic activist. He was from Ashland, Alabama and studied law at the University of Alabama. Black was poor as a child and lived simply for most of his life. Black was in the Army during World War I. In the 1920s, Black was a member of the Ku Klux Klan. Black was a member of the U.S. Senate from Alabama from 1927 to 1936 as a liberal Democrat. Black was a strong supporter of Franklin D. Roosevelt for President and his New Deal policies. In 1937, Roosevelt put Black on the United States Supreme Court. Black supported many New Deal organizations and programs which his fellow judges wanted to limit or strike down. Black often believed in interpreting the Constitution exactly as it was written (textualism), against ideas both that judges had the power to re-interpret the meaning in accordance with their time, or that it could be taken as a general guideline that lawmakers should follow but also consider other interests. One prominent example is the First Amendment, which Black believed to literally protect any form of "freedom of speech" against a law that would "abridge" (meaning to hinder) it, or at least laws prohibiting certain "opinions". He also believed that the Fourteenth Amendment meant this applied to states as well as the federal government, and that states subsequently could not limit free speech and other constitutional liberties anymore than the federal government. For many years most jurists and judges had believed this. He also did not believe in the substantive due process doctrine, meaning that the Fourteenth Amendment secured certain "implicit" rights regarding privacy and so on, which were not written into the constitution but had to be made by judges as they went along. Black believed that, while the Constitution promised generous liberties, judges should never decide for themselves on which these liberties should be. (Because of this he also did not believe in things such as natural law, which he called "mysterious".) This contradiction is uncommon among later judges. He did not believe in a right to privacy, which is not expressed in the constitution, and voted against one in the case "Griswold v. Connecticut". He did, famously, vote against segregation in "Brown v. Board of Education" (1954), an important case that began the desegregation of schools. Black was the fifth longest-serving justice in American history. He served on the Court for 35 years, one of the very longest tenures, and was the last of president Roosevelt's appointees except William O. Douglas (who served 36 years, the longest). Black died of a stroke in 1971, which happened two days after he chose to leave the Supreme Court. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

One of the most famous judgments Black wrote is called "Korematsu v. United States" in 1944. In this case, the majority believed the imprisoning of civilian (non-military) Japanese Americans during World War II was just or at least acceptable, under the circumstances. This is one of the most controversial verdicts of the Supreme Court in its history and often seen as a stark contrast (meaning opposite) to what he stood for in most other cases. 

Abhar

Abhar is a city in Zanjan province, northwestern Iran. In the year 2006 there were 55,266 people living there.

Colugo

Colugos, also known as Dermopterans, are gliding mammals in the order Dermoptera. 

There are two living species, found in south-east Asia. They are also called 'flying lemurs', though they are not lemurs (all lemurs are in Madagascar). They can glide long distances, as they have a thin membrane stretched to the ends of the tail and each limb. 

Colugos live in the tropical rain forests of southeast Asia. Their diet includes leaves and young shoots. During the day they rest high in the trees, clinging to trunks or hiding in tree holes. At dusk they become active, gliding from trunk to trunk like sheets of paper blown on the wind. The young are carried clinging to the flight membrane.

Colugos range from Burma, Indochina and southern Thailand to peninsular Malaysia, Singapore and the Indonesian islands of Sumatra and Java. They also occur throughout Borneo. A second colugo species inhabits the southern Philippines.

Main battle tank

A main battle tank (MBT), also called a battle tank, is a tank that is used as the most powerful combat vehicle in modern armies. They were made to replace the light, medium and heavy tanks used in World War II with just one tank. Lighter armor made it easier to put bigger guns on tanks without adding weight. Light tanks are still used in places where heavy ones cannot go.

MBT's are the main force in ground fights but get help from other combat vehicles and soldiers who travel in infantry combat vehicles. They also get help from observation or attack aircraft.

Medium tanks were the earliest MBTs. MBTs started replacing medium tanks when guns on medium tanks became powerful enough to win against heavy tanks. Heavy tanks could not carry armor strong enough to win against medium tanks.
The nuclear weapon threat and other anti-tank weapons in the Cold War made countries add more protection to survive in all types of combat. Weapon designers made powerful cannons to defeat the armor.

The British Centurion is generally considered to have been the world’s first main battle tank, although the term was not popularised until long after it entered service. The British followed this up with the Chieftain main battle tank, which entered service in 1966. The first Soviet main battle tank was the T-64 and the first American MBT was the M60 Patton. By the late 1970s, MBT's were manufactured by France, West Germany, Britain, India, Japan, the USSR, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States.

The Soviet Union made MBTs very quickly because it needed them for their type of war. The Soviet Union improved the cannon by replacing the loader crewman with an automatic autoloader. This made the turret smaller which also makes the tank harder to see or hit The Soviet Union made missiles that could be shot much farther than other ammunition.

After the Cold War, American tanks quickly defeated Iraqi tanks in the Gulf War. The American MBTs were still not as good as attack helicopters at destroying Iraqi tanks. Some people said that the MBTs could not stop an enemy force from attacking.


Swami Vivekananda

Vivekananda (Shami Bibekānondo) (January 12, 1863–July 4, 1902) was the chief disciple of Shri Ramakrishna Paramahansa. At birth, he was called Narendranath Datta (Bengali: নরেন্দ্রনাথ দত্ত). He was the founder of Ramakrishna Mission. He introduced Hindu philosophy of Vedanta and Yoga in Europe and America. He brought Hinduism to the status of a major world religion during the end of the 19th century. 

Vivekananda is considered to be a major force in the revival of Hinduism in modern India. He is perhaps best known for his inspiring speech beginning with "Sisters and Brothers of America". Through this he introduced Hinduism at the Parliament of the World's Religions at Chicago in 1893.

Vivekananda talked about Jnana Yoga in one of his discourses— 

"“ The Mahabharata is an epic that most Indians know. Let me give you a summary through Vyasa’s initial shloka. This shloka holds the entire summary of this gigantic epic. The shloka is given in the initial of the Vyasa’s texts itself which says-" 

The Hastinapur (Duryodhana) is an old tree of spirituality, the incarnation of all virtues, i.e Vrisha Karna is its trunk, king Dhritarashtra and Bhishma are its roots, Drona, Dushashana and Kauravas are its branches, the evil Shakuni is its blooming flower and I myself Krishna Dwaipayana along with Narada and saptarishis are its twigs. Indraprastha (Yudhisthira) is a new tree of righteousness, Krishna is its trunk, Sages and Brahmins are its roots, Bhima and Arjuna are its branches, Nakul and Sahdev are its twigs, Vrishaketu is its fruit. 

"I would also like to narrate you interpretation of shlokas by sage Bhasa whose writings and proses included scraps of history, tales and legends. He regarded the त्रिदुष्टम or the 3 evils against the progress of Bharata- evil Indra, Drona and Arjuna. The shloka was written in Sanskrit, translated in Prakrit language. It’s English translation goes like this."

The great Aryavartha shall never go on the path of progress if it has evils in this society who discriminate worthy men and who are arrogant in their nature. Ravana too was arrogant through his deeds and his name vanished away from history forever. The त्रिसदुष्टम- Arjuna, his arrogant preceptor Drona and his evil father Indra are an allegory of discrimination and Kshatriya arrogance of the society. There will always be domination-discrimination, arrogance and the त्रिदुष्टम in every society, consider it a rule of the nature but for every त्रिदुष्टम, there will be a heroic Karna to shatter this arrogance and dominance, and shall attain great fame and name in world.

In his youth he visited the ramakrishna Samaj and later he came in contact with Sri Ramakrishna. Sri Ramakrishna initiated him, and after his death Narendranath left his house and went on to found the Ramkrishna movement.

Born into an aristocratic Bengali Kayastha family of Calcutta, Vivekananda was inclined towards spirituality. He was influenced by his guru, Ramakrishna, from whom he learnt that all living beings were an embodiment of the divine self; therefore, service to God could be rendered by service to humankind. After Ramakrishna's death, Vivekananda toured the Indian subcontinent extensively and acquired first-hand knowledge of the conditions prevailing in British India. He later travelled to the United States, representing India at the Parliament of the World's Religions in 1893.


Ashford Black Marble

Ashford Black Marble is a kind of dark limestone, which was mined from Ashford-in-the-Water, in Derbyshire, England. Once cut, turned and polished, its shiny black surface becomes very beautiful. 

Strictly speaking, Ashford Black Marble is not a true marble formed by heat, but a smooth sedimentary rock, a hard mass of dark minerals. True marble is a metamorphic rock formed by heat and pressure.

To make art objects, Ashford Black Marble can be cut as materials of them and put together with other fine stones. Derby Museum has a diagram of Ecton Hill made from Ashford Black Marble and other minerals.

Ashford Black Marble were used for decorative purpose since prehistory. Bess of Hardwick was known to use Ashford Black Marble.

Henry Watson played important roles in the development of the local industry of inlaying Ashford Black Marble in the 1750s. He was the uncle of Derbyshire geologist White Watson, and had a water-powered mill at Ashford in the Water.
Pots, obelisks, and other decorative items of AMB were frequently traded during the late 18th and early 19th century. John Mawe had a museum in Matlock Bath that dealt in black marble. Ann Rayner carved Black Marble into pictures using a diamond. Many art objects of Ashford Black Marble are collected in local institutions, including those of Derby Museum, Buxton Museum, and Chatsworth House. In 2009, huge blocks of Ashford Black Marble were found underground in Derby. The auction of these was planed because these blocks are valuable. The rocks might have been abandoned when an "Ashford Black Marble" manufacturer moved in the 1880s.

Ashford Black Marble is a kind of limestone which contains some carbon, and its particles are very small. Its dark color is from bitumen, and once cut and polished, the surface shines.
At first the rock was mined from Arrock Mine, and later in 1832 from nearby Rookery Plantation, near Ashford-in-the-Water.

Ashford Black Marble can be manufactured into pots, candlesticks and other similar objects, or sawn to make smooth, flat items such as obelisks and paper weights. 

Derby Museum and Art Gallery has collections of worked and part-worked items of Ashford Black Marble, got from an inlaying workshop owned by the Tomlinson family. This collection includes pieces of stones which were cut and ready to put into the black marble background. Forget-me-not and lily of the valley were typically designed. Various stones were used with Ashford Black Marble: Greys, blues and purples stones are from Monyash. "Rosewood" from Nettler Dale in Sheldon is a kind of barytes and has red and white layers. Castleton Blue John from Crich is a kind of flourspar and has purple and yellow colors. "Birds-Eye" rock has a design made from the fossils in it. "Duke's Red" is so valuable that it was stored at Chatsworth House. The tabletop design illustrated shows some of the combinations described here.

In the late 1780s, Derbyshire geologist White Watson made geological picture boards using Ashford Black Marble into which other local rocks were inlaid. These boards show layers of rock in different parts of the county. Derby Museum has a diagram of Ecton Hill made from Ashford Black Marble and other minerals.

William Martin was once a partner with Watson, and wrote the first scientific study of fossils. His "Petrifacta Derbiensia" says that Watson's uncle and workers at the Black Marble mine called some of the fossils "crocodile tails"<ref name="derbi2">

Tasmanian Wilderness

The Tasmanian Wilderness is a term that is used for a range of areas in Tasmania, Australia.

The World Heritage Areas in South West Tasmania, Western Tasmania and Central Highlands are the most well known.

However, there are also other wilderness areas in Tasmania, Tarkine and the Cradle mountain wilderness. There is also an organisation known as the Tasmanian Wilderness Society.

The World Heritage Area is one of the largest conservation areas in Australia, covering 13,800 km², or almost 20% of Tasmania. The area constitutes one of the last expanses of temperate wilderness in the world, including the renowned South West Wilderness. The area became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982, and it was extended in 1989. It is important for both its natural value but also its cultural values as well.

Remains found in limestone caves show that humans have lived in the area for well over 20,000 years.

The Tasmanian Tiger was the largest Dasyuromorphia and the last living specimen of the family Thylacinidae. The last known specimen died in captivity in 1936. The world's largest surviving carnivorous marsupial is the Tasmanian Devil; it is the size of a small dog and can hunt, although it is mainly a scavenger. It became extinct on the mainland some 600 years ago, and is now found only in Tasmania.

The following National Parks and reserves make up the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area:



Valeri Zelepukin

Valeri Mikhailovich Zelepukin (born September 17, 1968 in Voskresensk, URS) is a Russian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played a total of 11 seasons in the NHL; 7 with the New Jersey Devils, 1 with the Edmonton Oilers, 2 with the Philadelphia Flyers and 1 with the Chicago Blackhawks. He moved back to Russia in 2002 and retired. He won the Stanley Cup with the New Jersey Devils in 1995.


Mikhail Yakubov

Mikhail Yakubov (born February 16, 1982 in Barnaul, Russian SFSR) is a retired Russian professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League. Yakubov also played in the NHL for a total of 3 seasons; 2 with the Chicago Blackhawks and 1 with the Florida Panthers. He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 10th overall pick in the 2000 NHL Draft.

Queen's Indian defence

The Queen's Indian defence is an important defence to 1.d4. It features a fianchetto of Black's QB.
It starts as follows:

Bronchiole

The bronchioles or bronchioli are a part of the lung. They are the first airway branches that no longer have cartilage. They are branches of the bronchi. The bronchioles end by entering the circular sacs called alveoli.

Full twisting layout

A full twisting layout is a gymnastics tumble. The move is essentially a somersault but involves a full twist in the air. It can be performed tucked, piked or straight.

Master of Public Administration

Master of Public Administration (usually abbreviated MPA) is a postgraduate academic master's degree given by universities. Usually, it is awarded for studies toward Administration in the Public sector and Non-profit organizations. Usually, Public policy is part of the study. Additionally, there may be studies of comparisons between countries.

It is usually required to start a doctorate in Public Administration.

Tanzanite

Tanzanite is a blue-purple gemstone found in Tanzania, in the Mererani Hills near the city of Arusha and Mount Kilimanjaro. It is named after the country of Tanzania, where it is found. It is a kind of a mineral called zoisite. When it is first mined, tanzanite is usually a red-brown colour. It needs to be heated to 600 degrees Celsius in a special oven to bring out its purple colour.

