Aldrin

Aldrin is an insecticide, which was used against termites, locusts and the larvae of Click beetles. Most plants and animals convert it to Dieldrin. It is listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, its production, use and trade are banned since 2004. Aldrin is a neurotoxin. People inhaling it can develop headaches, but also seizures. In humans, Aldrin is converted to dieldrin in the liver. The change will mean that it can leave the body again. The problem is that the change is slow, and the half-life is about a year. Aldrin may be a teratogen, and it probably causes cancer. 
Aldrin is produced by combining hexachlorocyclopentadiene with norbornadiene in a Diels-Alder reaction to give the adduct.
Aldrin is named after the German chemist Kurt Alder, one of the coinventors of this kind of reaction. An estimated 270 million kilograms of aldrin and related cyclodiene pesticides were produced between 1946 and 1976.

In soil, on plant surfaces, or in the digestive tracts of insects, aldrin oxidizes to the epoxide, dieldrin. Dieldrin is more strongly insecticidal than aldrin.

Mirex

Mirex is a chlorinated hydrocarbon that was commercialized as an insecticide. It was later banned because it was harmful to the environment. This white crystalline odorless solid is a derivative of cyclopentadiene. It was popularized to control fire ants but by virtue of its chemical robustness and lipophilicity it was recognized as a bioaccumulative pollutant. However, the spread of the red imported fire ant was actually encouraged by the use of Mirex, as it also kills native ants that are highly competitive with the fire ants. The United States Environmental Protection Agency prohibited its use in 1976.

Dieldrin

Dieldrin is a chlorinated hydrocarbon originally produced in 1948 by J. Hyman & Co, Denver, as an insecticide. Dieldrin is closely related to aldrin. Aldrin reacts further to form dieldrin. Aldrin is not toxic to insects; it is oxidized in the insect to form dieldrin which is the active compound. Both dieldrin and aldrin are named after the Diels-Alder reaction which is used to form aldrin from a mixture of norbornadiene and hexachlorocyclopentadiene.

Dieldrin was developed as an alternative to DDT and has proved to be a highly effective insecticide. It was very widely used during the 1950s to early 1970s. Endrin is a stereoisomer of dieldrin.

However, it is an extremely persistent organic pollutant; it does not degrade easily. Furthermore, it tends to biomagnify as it is passed along the food chain. Long-term exposure has proven toxic to a very wide range of animals including humans. For this reason it is now banned in most of the world.

It has been linked to health problems such as Parkinson's disease, breast cancer, and immune, reproductive, and nervous system damage. It can also adversely affect testicular descent in the fetus if a pregnant woman is exposed to Dieldrin.

Dieldrin is listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.

It can be formed from the synthesis of hexachloro-1,3-cyclopentadiene with norbornadiene in a Diels-Alder reaction, followed by epoxidation of the norbornene ring.
Dieldrin is named after Otto Paul Hermann Diels, the co-inventor of the Diels-Alder reaction.

Endrin

Endrin is an insecticide that was commonplace among cotton growers and for the treament of cereals. It was also used to kill rodents. It is a neurotoxin. It is a stereoisomer of Dieldrin. In the soil, it can take up to twelve years to decay. It is one of the twelve substances listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, and its production, trade and use is banned since 2004.

Mount Stromlo

Mount Stromlo is west of the centre of Canberra, Australia, near the district of Weston Creek. It is about above sea level and above the surrounding plains. The Mount Stromlo Observatory (run by the Australian National University) is on the top of the mountain. Canberra's main water supply treatment plant, supplied by the Cotter River catchment area is nearby. Road access to the mountain is by Cotter Road on the south side, and Uriarra Road on the east and north. The summit is reached by a road joining Cotter road just outside Duffy.

The mountain had been part of the Yarralumla Station, a farm now used as the residence the Governor-General of Australia. It was named Mount Stromlo by Frederick Campbell in the 1880s, but it is not known where he got the name.
Mount Stromlo was chosen by Pietro Baracchi in 1910 as the site for an observatory. The first telescope installed at Mount Stromlo was the Oddie telescope on 8 September 1911. The building housing this telescope was the first built by the Australian government in Canberra. In January 1913 the first telephone was connected to the Queanbeyan telephone exchange.

Mount Stromlo was burnt during bushfires in 2003. The fire burnt a pine plantation that covered the mountain, destroyed much of the observatory and water treatment plant.

Before the 2003 fires, Mount Stromlo had some of the best and oldest mountain bike trails in Australia. In May 2006 the trails were rebuilt and made bigger. Stromlo Forest Park now has more than 35 km of cross country single trail, a Four-Cross course, several observed trials areas and a downhill track. The 2009 Union Cycliste Internationale Mountain Bike and Trials World Championships were held at Mount Stromlo. About 30,000 visitors from up to 40 countries came to the event. More than 750 of the world's top riders took part in the four mountain bike sports of Cross Country, Downhill, Four Cross and Observed Trials.

Mount Stromlo also has a large building for events, with offices and change rooms. There is a children's play ground, barbecues, a road cycling circuit, a grass cross country running track and horse riding trails.

The rock on Mount Stromlo is ignimbrite from a volcanic eruption during the upper Silurian period. This is covering rhyodacite from a much earlier period, which can be seen on the surface on the lower slopes in the east and southeast sides. The northern lower slopes are covered with a calcareous shale also from the Silurian period. This is cut off on the northwest side by the Winslade Fault, which heads northeast to Cook and Kaleen. A spur fault heads off east from the Winslade Fault to under the Scrivener Dam. On the other side (northwest and north) of these faults are middle Silurian period rhyodacite volcanic deposits. The northern side has been uplifted compared with the southern side.
Stoney Creek and its tributaries drain the north side of the mountain, The east side drains into the Molonglo River. The south side supplies Blugar creek that runs into the Murrumbidgee River.

The top of the mountain near the observatory runs in a north-south direction with a spur running to the southwest where the water treatment plant is.


National Museum of Australia

The National Museum of Australia is a social history museum in Australia's capital city, Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. It includes displays on the people of Australia, including the Indigenous Australians, the history of settlement and the environment. It was opened in 2001.


Terminal Velocity (video game)

Terminal Velocity is a video game that was published by 3D Realms and was developed by Terminal Reality. The video game was released on May 1, 1995 and was released for the MS-DOS and Mac OS. The game is an arcade-style flight combat game, with simpler game controls and physics than most other flight simulators. The game is best known for it's fast and high-energy action sequences. The game takes place in the year 2704, when the ASFAR (Alliance of Space-Faring Alien Races), of which Earth is a member of, suddenly turns against Earth and their fleet ravages the planet and starts a war. The player has to fly a powerful starfighter called the TV-202, in a series of missions to defeat the enemy. A huge supercomputer known as X.I. (Xenocidic Initiative) is responsible for the war and the final mission is to destroy it.


Star Fox 64

 is a remake released for the Nintendo 3DS console. It was released between July and September 2011. It includes the use of the console's touch screen and better graphics.


Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey

Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is a 1993 animal-adventure movie that was produced by Jeffrey Chernov and Franklin R. Levy and was directed by Duwayne Dunham. Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey was released on February 3, 1993 in North America. It is a remake of the 1963 movie, "The Incredible Journey" which was based on the novel of the same name. The movie was followed by the 1996 movie, "". The movie received positive reviews with a 87% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

Teltow

Teltow is a place in Germany. The population is around 4,000. It is in the province of Potsdam-Mittelmark.

Page layout

Page layout is a part of typography and graphic design. It deals with the arrangement and style of elements (content) on a page.

Page design has long been a consideration in printed material. It began with early illuminated manuscripts in the hand-copied books of the Middle Ages. Today, modern magazine and catalogue layouts, (and other print media) consist of type (text), images (pictures), and occasionally place-holder graphics for elements that are not printed with ink such as die/laser cutting, foil stamping or blind embossing.

Since the advent of computing, page layout skills are used on electronic media as well as print. The electronic page–the graphical user interface (GUI)–is often where design now takes place.

A page layout may be designed in a rough paper and pencil sketch before producing, or produced during the design process to the final form. Both design and production may be achieved using hand tools or page layout software. Producing a web page may require knowledge of markup languages along with WYSIWYG software. Special considerations must be made for how the layout of an HTML page will change (reflow) when resized by the end-user. Cascading style sheets are often required to keep the page layout consistent between web browsers.

Grids and templates are page layout design patterns used in advertising campaigns and multiple-page publications, including websites.


Most desktop publishing software allows for grids in the form of a page filled with coloured lines or dots placed at a specified equal horizontal and vertical distance apart. Automatic margins and booklet spine (gutter) lines may be specified for global use throughout the document. Multiple additional horizontal and vertical lines may be placed at any point on the page. Invisible to the end-user/audience shapes may be placed on the page as guidelines for page layout and print processing as well. Software templates are achieved by duplicating a template data file, or with master page features in a multiple-page document. Master pages may include both grid elements and template elements such as header and footer elements, automatic page numbering, and automatic table of contents features.

With modern media content retrieval and output technology, there is much overlap between visual communications (front-end) and information technology (back-end). Large print publications (thick books, especially instructional in nature) and electronic pages (web pages) require meta data for automatic indexing, automatic reformatting, database publishing, dynamic page display and end-user interactivity. Much of the meta data (meta tags) must be hand coded or specified during the page layout process. This divides the task of page layout between artists and engineers, or tasks the artist/engineer to do both.

More complex projects may require two separate designs: page layout design as the front-end, and function coding as the back-end. In this case, the front-end may be designed using an alternative page layout technology such as image editing software or on paper with hand rendering methods. Most image editing software includes features for converting a page layout for use in a "What You See Is What You Get" (WYSIWYG) editor or features to export graphics for desktop publishing software. WYSIWYG editors and desktop publishing software allow front-end design prior to back end-coding in most cases. Interface design and database publishing may involve more technical knowledge or collaboration with information technology engineering in the front-end.

Eric Carle

Eric Carle (June 25, 1929 – May 23, 2021) was an American children's author and illustrator. Carle illustrated more than 70 books with some being best sellers. More than 102 million copies of his books have been sold worldwide. His best known work is the 1969 book, "The Very Hungry Caterpillar" which has been translated into over 50 different languages. 

Carle was born in Syracuse, New York. He was drafted into the U.S. Army during the Korean War and was stationed in Germany with the Second Armored Division and was appointed the position of mail clerk. Carle had a son and a daughter.

Carle died on May 23, 2021 at his studio home in Northampton, Massachusetts from kidney failure aged 91.


The Very Hungry Caterpillar

The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a children's book by American writer Eric Carle. It is Carle's most famous book, it has been translated into over 50 different languages and has sold 30 million copies worldwide. The book is about a caterpillar that eats food until pupating and becoming a butterfly. The book was inspired by a hole puncher. The New York Times named it as one of the "Ten Best Picture Books of the Year" in 1969. Google celebrated the book's 40th anniversary in 2009 by changing the logo on its main search page to the style used in the book.


Duluth lynchings

The 1920 Duluth lynchings occurred when a mob attacked and lynched three black circus workers in Duluth, Minnesota. Beforehand there were rumours that black people had raped a teenager. A physician who examined the girl found no evidence of rape or assault.

The killings shocked the country, particularly because they had occurred in the northern United States. Four other lynchings had occurred in Minnesota before that time. In 2003, the city of Duluth erected a memorial to the murdered workers. 

Lynching

Lynching is the execution of a person or persons, by the people of an area without the use of a court trial. Often the people lynched have been hanged. Other forms of lynching include being dragged to death behind a car, burning and use of a gun. What makes the execution a lynching is the nature of it being done without a court trial by people who believe the accused is guilty of a crime. Lynchings have been used in the southern states of the United States of America against African Americans during the time of slavery but more commonly after the abolition of slavery during the time of civil rights activism and the times of the various Ku Klux Klans. Lynching continues to be a problem to this day, and is not just limited to southern states. Lynching is murder, and many times the people who do it are never punished. One horrific example of Lynching is Lynching of Jesse Washington.

United States lynchings rose in number after the American Civil War in the early-to-mid 1860s.

Most lynchings went down by the 1950s.

Most lynchings were of African American men in the South. But women were also lynched. Also, white lynchings of blacks happened in the Midwest and Border States. Sometimes whites were also lynched. There were also lynchings of Native Americans, Hispanics and Asian Americans in the West, including California.

MERLIN

MERLIN, the Multi-Element Radio Linked Interferometer Network, is an array of radio telescopes. It is spread across Great Britain. There are seven radio telescopes in the array. MERLIN is run by Jodrell Bank Observatory, by the University of Manchester. It is run as a national facility on behalf of the Science and Technology Facilities Council.

Grouped data

Grouped data is a statistical term used in data analysis. Raw data can be organized by grouping together similar measurements in a table. This frequency table is also called grouped data.

For example, someone gave a group of students a simple math question, and timed how long it took them to answer it. The numbers are below:

The smallest amount of time was 8 seconds, and the largest was 34 seconds. One method we could use to analyze the needed time is to group close numbers together. In order to keep the analysis fair, we'll make each group be the same number of seconds. We can then count how many students fell in each group. For example, if we organized scores into 5 second ranges:

Another way to group data is to organize the scores data into groups based on their performance. Suppose there are three types of students:

then the grouped data looks like the following:

An estimate, formula_1, of the mean can be calculated from grouped data.

Note that this estimated mean may be different from the sample mean of the ungrouped data. The mean of the grouped data in the above example can be calculated as follows:

Therefore, the mean of the grouped data is



R

Kim Hyun-Soo

Kim Hyun-Soo () is a Korean name. The surname is "Kim" (), and the given name is "Hyun-Soo" (). It is usually thought of as a unisex name. It can also be spelled as Kim Hyun-Su, Kim Hyeon-Soo or Kim Hyeon-Su.


Epitech

École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies, commonly named EPITECH, is a French private college establishment in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre (close to Paris), Bordeaux, Rennes, Marseille, Lille, Lyon, Montpellier, Nancy, Nantes, Nice, Strasbourg, Saint-André, Réunion and Toulouse, France.

EPITECH is specialized in the different fields of IT. The school is part of IONIS Education Group.

ESME-Sudria

École spéciale de mécanique et électricité, commonly named ESME-Sudria, is a French private high school establishment located in Paris, Ivry-sur-Seine, Bordeaux, Lille and Lyon, France.

ESME-Sudria is specialized in the fields of electrical engineering, electronics, mechanics, telecommunications, and computer engineering. The school is part of IONIS Education Group.



Conférence des Grandes Écoles

The Conference des Grandes Écoles (CGE) is an association of Grandes écoles of engineering and management, all recognized by the state and delivering a national degree after at least 5 years of higher education. Some companies, alumni associations and organizations are also member of CGE. It also organizes the Mastère Spécialisé, the Mastère en sciences and the BADGE programs.


Winnipeg Jets (1972–96)

The Winnipeg Jets were a professional ice hockey team from Winnipeg, Manitoba. The Jets played in the National Hockey League for 17 seasons before being relocated to Phoenix, Arizona and were renamed the Phoenix Coyotes in 1996. A new Winnipeg Jets team was relocated back to Winnipeg from the Atlanta Thrashers in 2011.

F♯ (musical note)

F♯ (eff-sharp or F-sharp; also known as fa dièse or fi) is the seventh semitone of the solfège.

It lies a chromatic semitone above F and a diatonic semitone below G, thus being enharmonic to Sol Bémol or G (G-flat).


A (musical note)

La or A is the sixth note of the solfège. "A" is generally used as a standard for tuning. When the orchestra tunes, the oboe plays an "A" and the rest of the instruments tune to match that pitch. Every string instrument in the orchestra has an A string, from which each player can tune the rest of their instrument.

A0 is the lowest note on the standard piano. The octaves follow A1, A2, etc.. A7 is a few pitches lower than C8, the highest note on the standard piano. The note "A" is not considered to be a certain milestone or mark to hit with voice as, for example, Tenor C is, but it can be extremely demanding in certain octaves.




American Old West

The American Old West, or the Wild West means the history, geography, people, and culture of life in the Western United States. This often referring to the period of the later half of the 19th century, between the American Civil War and the end of the century. 

This time is often shown in films like "The Searchers", "High Noon" and "Shane", in TV series like "Bonanza" and in fiction like "Little House on the Prairie". Like other popular historical themes such as pirates and ninjas, the relationship between fact and fiction is complex.

Desktop publishing

Desktop publishing (also known as DTP) is the creation of documents using page layout software on a personal computer.

The term has been used for publishing at all levels, from small-circulation documents such as local newsletters to books, magazines and newspapers. However the term implies a more professional-looking end result, with a more complex layout, than word processing, and so when introduced in the 1980s was often used in connection with homes and small organisations who could not previously produce publication-quality documents themselves.

Desktop publishing began in 1985 with the introduction of MacPublisher, the first WYSIWYG layout program, which ran on the original 128K Macintosh computer. The DTP market exploded in 1985 with the introduction in January of the Apple LaserWriter printer, and later in July with the introduction of PageMaker software from Aldus which rapidly became the DTP industry standard software.

Before the advent of desktop publishing, the only option available to most persons for producing typed (as opposed to handwritten) documents was a typewriter, which offered only a handful of typefaces (usually fixed-width) and one or two font sizes. Indeed, one popular desktop publishing book was actually titled "The Mac is not a typewriter". The ability to create WYSIWYG page layouts on screen and then print pages containing text and graphical elements at crisp 300 dpi resolution was revolutionary for both the typesetting industry and the personal computer industry. Newspapers and other print publications made the move to DTP-based programs from older layout systems in the 1980s.

The term "desktop publishing" is attributed to Aldus Corporation founder Paul Brainerd, who sought a marketing catch-phrase to describe the small size and relative affordability of this software in contrast to the expensive commercial phototypesetting equipment of the day.

Behind-the-scenes technologies developed by Adobe Systems set the foundation for professional desktop publishing applications. Although Macintosh-based systems would continue to dominate the market, in 1986, the GEM-based Ventura Publisher was introduced for MS-DOS computers. While PageMaker's pasteboard metaphor closely simulated creating layouts manually, Ventura Publisher automated layout through its use of style sheets. This software automatically generated indices and other body matter. This made it suitable for manuals and other long-format documents.

During its early years, desktop publishing acquired a bad reputation as a result of untrained users who created poorly-organized layouts — similar criticism would be levied again against early Web publishers a decade later. However, some were able to realize truly professional results.

There are two types of pages in desktop publishing, electronic pages and virtual paper pages to be printed on paper. All computerized documents are technically electronic, and are limited in size only by computer memory or computer data storage space.

Virtual paper pages will ultimately be printed, and therefore require paper parameters that coincide with international standard physical paper sizes such as "A4," "letter," etc., if not custom sizes for trimming. Some desktop publishing programs allow custom sizes designated for large format printing used in posters, billboards and trade show displays. A virtual page for printing has a predesignated size of virtual printing material and can be viewed on a monitor in WYSIWYG format. Each page for printing has trim sizes (edge of paper) and a printable area if bleed printing is not possible as is the case with most desktop printers.

A web page is an example of an electronic page that is not constrained by virtual paper parameters. Most electronic pages may be dynamically re-sized, causing either the content to scale in size with the page or causing the content to re-flow.

Master pages are templates used to automatically copy or link elements and graphic design styles to some or all the pages of a multipage document. Linked elements can be modified without having to change each instance of an element on pages that use the same element. Master pages can also be used to apply graphic design styles to automatic page numbering.

Page layout is how the elements are laid on the page orderly, aesthetically, and precisely. Main types of components to be laid out on a page include text, linked images that can only be modified as an external source, and embedded images that may be modified with the layout application software. Some embedded images are rendered in the application software, while others can be placed from an external source image file. Text may be keyed into the layout, placed, or (with database publishing applications) linked to an external source of text which allows multiple editors to develop a document at the same time.

Graphic design styles such as color, transparency, and filters, may also be applied to layout elements. Typography styles may be applied to text automatically with style sheets. Some layout programs include style sheets for images in addition to text. Graphic styles for images may be border shapes, colors, transparency, filters, and a parameter designating the way text flows around the object called "wraparound" or "runaround."

While desktop publishing software still provides extensive features necessary for print publishing, modern word processors now have publishing capabilities beyond those of many older DTP applications, blurring the line between word processing and desktop publishing.

In the early days of graphical user interfaces, DTP software was in a class of its own when compared to the fairly spartan word processing applications of the time. Programs such as WordPerfect and WordStar were still mainly text-based and offered little in the way of page layout, other than perhaps margins and line spacing. On the other hand, word processing software was necessary for features like indexing and spell checking, features that are common in many applications today.

As computers and operating systems have become more powerful, vendors have sought to provide users with a single application platform that can meet all needs.

The key difference between electronic typesetting software and DTP software is that DTP software is generally interactive and WYSIWYG in design, while other electronic typesetting software requires the user to enter the processing program's markup language without immediate visualization of the finished product. 
This kind of workflow is less user-friendly than WYSIWYG, but more suitable for conference proceedings and scholarly articles as well as corporate newsletters or other applications where consistent, automated layout is important.

One of the early and comprehensive reference books on the art of Desktop Publishing is Desktop Publishing For Everyone by K.S.V. Menon. This publication deals with virtually every facet of publishing and nearly all tools available as at the time of the publishing of this book in the year 2000. It is currently out of print.

There is some overlap between desktop publishing and what is known as Hypermedia publishing (i.e. Web design, Kiosk, CD-ROM). Many graphical HTML editors such as Microsoft FrontPage and Adobe Dreamweaver use a layout engine similar to a DTP program. However, some Web designers still prefer to write HTML without the assistance of a WYSIWYG editor, for greater control and because these editors often result in code bloat.



Many books specialise in the details of particular software. These three teach the basics of page layout design on desktop systems.


Gene silencing

Gene silencing is a general term describing epigenetic processes of gene regulation. It is used to describe the "switching off" of a gene by a mechanism other than genetic engineering. That is, a gene which would be expressed ("turned on") under normal circumstances is switched off by machinery in the cell. When a gene is silenced, it means that its RNA is unable to make a protein.

Genes are regulated at either the transcriptional stage, or later, before translation. 

Transcriptional gene silencing is done by histone modifications, which put heterochromatin around a gene. This means the transcriptional machinery (RNA polymerase, transcription factors, etc.) cannot get at the gene. Genes may be silenced by DNA methylation. This happens regularly during development, when genes are turned on and off at different stages.

Post-transcriptional gene silencing is done by blocking or destroying the mRNA of a particular gene. The destruction of the mRNA prevents translation to form an active gene product (in most cases, a protein). A common way mRNA gets silenced is by RNAi. 

Both transcriptional and post-transcriptional gene silencing are used to regulate genes. Methods of gene silencing also protect the organism's genome from transposons and viruses. Gene silencing thus may be part of an ancient immune system protecting cells from such infectious DNA and RNA.

Neurospora

Neurospora is a genus of Ascomycete fungi. The best known species in this genus is Neurospora crassa, a common model organism in genetics and molecular biology.

The first published account of this fungus was from an infestation of French bakeries in 1843.

"N. crassa" is used as a model organism because it is easy to grow and has a haploid life cycle that makes genetic analysis simple since recessive traits will show up in the offspring. Analysis of genetic recombination is facilitated by the ordered arrangement of the products of meiosis in "Neurospora" ascospores. Its entire genome of seven chromosomes has been sequenced.

"Neurospora" was used by Edward Tatum and George Wells Beadle in their experiments for which they won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1958. Beadle and Tatum exposed "N. crassa" to x-rays, causing mutations. They then observed failures in metabolic pathways caused by errors in specific enzymes. This led them to propose the "one gene, one enzyme" hypothesis that specific genes code for specific proteins. Their hypothesis was later elaborated to enzyme pathways by Norman Horowitz, also working on "Neurospora".

In the 24 April 2003 issue of "Nature", the genome of "N. crassa" was reported as completely sequenced. The genome is about 43 megabases long and includes approximately 10,000 genes. There is a project underway to produce strains containing knockout mutants of every "N. crassa" gene.

In its natural environment, "N. crassa" lives mainly in tropical and sub-tropical regions. It can be found growing on dead plant matter after fires. Neurospora is actively used in research around the world. It is important in the elucidation of molecular events involved in circadian rhythms, epigenetics and gene silencing, cell polarity, cell fusion, development, as well as many aspects of cell biology and biochemistry.

Strains and other materials for working with Neurospora are available from the
Fungal Genetics Stock Center 

Rosemont, Illinois

Rosemont is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is near the O'Hare Airport, just northwest of Chicago. The Allstate Arena is in Rosemont.

Satellite television

Satellite television is a way of sending television signals. Television channels go to a ground station, which sends them by radio waves to a communications satellite in space. The satellite then transmits that signal back to earth. People with a satellite dish can receive the signals. Very often, satellite television is provided as a pay television service (especially to places where cable TV is not available). Here are some examples:

ITV Granada

ITV Granada was a television production company. It owned an ITV television channel of the same name. It produced a number of shows for many television stations (like Channel 4 and Sky). The company is now known as ITV Studios, which is owned by ITV plc. Granada's best known programme is the long-running soap opera Coronation Street. 

Heptachlor

Heptachlor is an insecticide. It was used against ants, termites, against mosquitos of the genus Anopheles, that can spread malaria and as a general pesticide. In humans, heptachlor damages the liver, and the central nervous system. It may cause cancer. It is sold as a powder. The Diels-Alder reaction is used to produce it. The compound is very stable and can stay in the environment for decades. 

Hepltachlor is one of the substances listed in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.

Magellan Telescopes

The Magellan Telescopes are two 6.5 meter diameter optical telescopes at the Las Campanas Observatory in Chile. The two were named after the Portuguese explorer, Ferdinand Magellan. Each telescope is also named; the Baade after astronomer Walter Baade, and the Clay after the philanthropist Landon T. Clay.

First light for the telescopes was on September 15, 2000 for the Baade, and September 7, 2002 for the Clay.

The Carnegie Institution for Science, University of Arizona, Harvard University, University of Michigan and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology worked together to build and operate the twin telescopes.

The Magellan Planet Search Program is looking for planets using a spectrograph mounted on the 6.5m Magellan II (Clay) telescope.


Las Campanas Observatory

Las Campanas Observatory is an astronomical observatory in the southern Atacama desert in Chile. It is owned and operated by the Carnegie Institution for Science. It was built in 1969 as the main observing site for the Carnegie Institution for Science. The headquarters are located in La Serena, Chile and the observatory is about northeast of the city. The observatory is at above sea level.

On February 24, 1987, Ian Shelton and Oscar Duhalde first saw the Supernova 1987A (SN 1987A).


There are also the small "Pi of the sky" wide-angle cameras that filmed the gamma ray burst GRB 080319B in 2008. This was the largest explosion ever seen in the Universe, and could have been seen without a telescope.


Tyler Perry

Tyler Perry (born September 13, 1969 in New Orleans) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, whose work plays are usually for encouragement to African Americans. Having started writing plays at age 18, Perry created a successful touring theater company, videos of whose performances were sold on DVD. As of March 2005, the plays had grossed over $75 million in ticket and DVD sales. He is well known for his plays on Madea. At age 16, he had his first name legally changed from Emmitt to Tyler in an effort to distance himself from his father. 


Be Easy

"Be Easy" is a song by Canadian-Lebanese singer Massari. The song peaked at number four on the Canadian Singles Chart, number 70 on the German Singles Chart and number 24 on the Portuguese Singles Chart. The song became the second single from "Massari" (2005). The music video won "Best Pop Video of the Year" at the 2006 MuchMusic Video Awards.

Smile for Me

"Smile for Me" is a song by Canadian-Lebanese singer Massari. The song was the lead single from "Massari" (2005).

Massari (album)

Massari () is the debut album by Canadian-Lebanese singer Massari. It was released in 2005. It was certified gold for selling 50,000 copies in Canada.

Spectrograph

A spectrograph is an instrument that breaks up a wave into a frequency spectrum. These could be sound, light or radio waves. For example the frequency spectrum of light is the brightness (intensity) and the amount of each colour. There are several kinds of machines called "spectrographs", used to look at different waves. The term was first used in 1884.

A spectrograph is closely related to a polychromator.

In astronomy, the first spectrographs used photographic paper as the detector. The star spectral classification and discovery of the main sequence, Hubble's law and the Hubble sequence were all made using photographic paper. The plant pigment phytochrome was discovered using a spectrograph that used living plants as the detector. New spectrographs use electronic detectors, such as CCDs which can be used for both visible and UV light. The type of detector depends on the wavelengths of light to be recorded.

An echelle spectrograph is a special machine which is able to break up light waves, with a high resolution and little interference. It does this by using very narrow slits which breaks light into beams, and then breaking up those beams again.



Ken Mogi

Mogi was born 20 October 1962 in Nakano Ward, Tokyo. His family soon moved to Kasukabe, Saitama where he grew up. He has an unusual hairstyle and cuts his own hair.

He graduated from the University of Tokyo in 1985 with a degree in science and in 1987 with a degree in law. Mogi earned his Ph.D. in 1992. His thesis was called "Mathematical Model of Muscle Contraction".

In 2009, Japan's National Tax Agency said that Mogi had broken tax laws. Mogi did not pay all of his taxes for three years. He tried to hide income of ¥400,000,000. NHK fired Mogi from a TV program because of his bad behavior.

Occupy Wall Street

Occupy Wall Street was a protest that started in 2011 in New York City and spread into other cities all over the United States. Citizens protested against how poor and wealthy people have lived in different ways and are treated differently by other people, and also against the way corporations used their money. People in New York started protesting in Zuccotti Park on September 17, and some people decided to camp there overnight. It grew to include several thousand people, with many different political views. Protesters included some communists, political moderates, liberals, conservatives, and libertarians.

Many of the Occupy protests in the rest of the country only started as in the middle of October. In some places, like Denver, Oakland, and New York City itself, police acted violently. In some places, including Miami, the protests were peaceful and some police officers supported the protests. After 2011 the numbers of people involved dwindled away. 

Thelma

Thelma [ thel-m"uh" ] is a female given name which in Greek means "will and volition". There are many celebrities going under this feminine name. Also, there are many television series featuring characters with the name "Thelma". In addition, a deadly tropical cyclone by the name "Thelma" struck the Philippines in latter 1991. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


First light (astronomy)

In astronomy, first light is the first time a telescope is used to look at the Universe. This is often not the first time the telescope has been used. Tests will have been done during daylight to make sure everything is working. Images taken during first light are not normally of scientific interest. They are usually poor quality as the parts of the telescope have not been properly adjusted for best performance. Usually, a well-known and spectacular astronomical object is chosen. First light is always a moment of great excitement, both for the people who designed and built the telescope, and for the astronomical community.

For example, the 200-inch Hale Telescope saw first light January 26, 1949, targeting a nebula located in the constellation Monoceros. under the direction of American astronomer Edwin Hubble. The image was published in many magazines. 

The Large Binocular Telescope had its first light with a single primary mirror on October 12, 2005. This was a view of NGC 891, a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation . The second mirror was installed in January 2006 and the telescope became fully operational in January 2008. 

In physical cosmology, first light refers to the light coming from the first generation of hyperstars. These were formed less than a billion years after the big bang, bringing an end to the cosmological Dark Ages.

Esther Vergeer

Esther Mary Vergeer (born 18 July 1981, Woerden) is a Dutch wheelchair tennis player. Vergeer has not lost a match in singles since February 2003. She has won 39 Grand Slam titles, five Paralympic Gold Medals and 21 Masters titles. Vergeer has been the world number one since 1999. Vergeer is also a former wheelchair basketball player. She was part of the team which won the European Championships in 1997.

In March 1988 after a swimming lesson Vergeer became dizzy and passed out. Vergeer was just six years old at the time. Doctors found out that Vergeer was bleeding in her head. The bleeding had caused Vergeer to pass out. Vergeer had the blood removed. Six weeks later she went home. Yet the next year in June Vergeer had more headaches. She also had pressure behind the eyes and pain in her neck. The doctors could not find what was wrong. They sent her home. In October, doctors found Vergeer to be bleeding in her head again. They drained the blood. The doctors also found that Vergeer had an Vascular myelopathy. This abnormality caused the strokes that Vergeer experienced. On the 15 of January 1990, after a nine-hour operation Vergeer was unable to move her legs. The operation took place near to her spinal cord. Vergeer had one final operation in March but still could not move her legs.

Vergeer won her eleventh British Open singles title beating Griffieon in the final. Against Griffieon, Vergeer beat her for the forty ninth time. It was the first time that Vergeer had beaten her without losing a game. The tournament win was Vergeer's tenth US Open USTA Wheelchair tennis championships. Vergeer won her sixth U.S. Open by beating van Koot. Vergeer was good enough to reach both the singles and doubles events at the Masters.


Liz Kendall

Elizabeth Louise Kendall (born 1971) has been the MP for Leicester West since 2010. She is a member of the Labour party.

Keith Vaz

Nigel Keith Anthony Standish Vaz, known as Keith Vaz, was born 26 November 1956 in Aden, Yemen to Indian parents. He moved to Twickenham, London during his childhood. He was a MP for Leicester South.

In 2007, Vaz was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.

Korie Homan

Korie Homan (born 16 June 1986, de Wijk) is a retired Dutch wheelchair tennis player. Homan was part of the current Paralympic doubles champion team. Homan is the former Australian Open Champion. She has won all the Grand Slam doubles titles. In 2009 she complete the Grand Slam with Esther Vergeer. In 2011 Homan retired from playing because of a wrist injury.

Homan was born to Jan and Gina Willem. Homan has two older sisters. At the age of 12 Homan was involved in a car accident. In 2003, when she finished school she had her leg cut off. 

Homan first appeared on the wheelchair tennis tour in 2003. By the end of the season she had reached number 23. Homan did not have a ranking at the start of the year. In 2004 at the age of 17 Homan won her first Masters title. She won the doubles with Jiske Griffioen. At the 2005 US Open Homan reached her first Grand Slam finals. She reached both the singles and the doubles final. In the singles she lost in straight sets to Vergeer. But she won the doubles with Vergeer. In 2006 Homan won her first two series one titles. She won both the singles and doubles titles in Livorno. Homan also reached her second Grand Slam doubles final. At the US Open Maaike Smit was her team mate. They lost in straight sets to Vergeer and Griffioen. The pair also lost the final of the Masters. Homan started 2007 by losing in the final of the Australian Open doubles. Her partner in the event was Florence Gravellier. They lost the final in a match tiebreaker. At the US Open Homan was joined by Sharon Walraven. The pair reached the final before losing. Homan also had final defeats at the Super Series events of the British, Japan and US Opens. Homan lost both finals at the Masters. In 2008 Homan lost both the singles and doubles finals at the Australian and French Opens. She also lost in the singles final at the Masters. At the Paralympic Games Homan won a Gold Medal in the doubles event. She also won a silver medal in the singles. In the final she became the first player in over five years to hold match point against Vergeer. Homan's last competition was the 2010 Australian Open. In July 2011 Homan said that she had retired because of a wrist injury.

Homan has a degree in biomedical science. As of September 2010, she is studying Veterinary Medicine.


Party realignment in the United States

A party realignment in the United States is when the country changes from being mostly run by one political party to mostly run by another political party. Some groups of people who used to vote for one party vote for the other one. Sometimes, political parties end and new ones begin. Party realignments can happen because of important events in history or because of changes in the kinds of people in the country. 

In the early 1800s, America had the "First Party System" with the Federalist Party and Democratic-Republican Party. When James Monroe was elected President of the United States, the Federalists died out. There was an "Era of Good Feelings" of one-party rule by the Democratic-Republicans. In the United States presidential election, 1824, four different men ran for President, all as Democratic-Republicans. John Quincy Adams was elected. 

After the election, Andrew Jackson formed a new party called the Democrats. Jackson's party was strongest in the South and West, and in some cities (at this time, only a few Americans lived in cities). Soon after Jackson's election, another party formed around supporters of Adams and Henry Clay. It was first called the National Republican Party, and later the Whig Party. The Whigs were strong in the North, and among the middle class and businessmen. The system of Democrats and Whigs is called the "Second Party System."

After the Kansas-Nebraska Act, the "Second Party System" ended: 


America went from being mostly Republican in the 1920s to mostly Democratic in the 1930s. This was due to America becoming much more urban, and the Great Depression. Franklin D. Roosevelt formed a coalition that would mostly last until 1964 called the "." 


In the 1960s and 70s, the New Deal coalition fell apart. This was due to the Civil Rights Movement, Roe v. Wade, Vietnam War and the suburbanization of America. 

What changed:






Krishna

Krishna is an important God (Param Brahma) in Hinduism. He is considered to have been an avatar of Vishnu. Krishna is believed to have been a real being who took part in the war known as the Mahabharata. He is a central character in the important Hindu scripture the Bhagavad Gita. Krishna belonged to a nomadic tribe of Abhiras known as Sāttvatas who inhabited the country (Surasena Janapad) near Mathura. These "Sāttvatas" or more properly the Yadavas of whom they were a branch were mentioned by Panini. Hindu often consider him a warrior, hero, teacher and philosopher and a great leader. He defeated the cruel Abhira King Kansa, who putted his mother, "Devāki" and her consort "Vasudevā" to jail.

Rotating furnace

A rotating furnace is a special type of furnace used to make lenses or mirrors for telescopes. Glass is placed in the furnace which is then spun up and heated. The top surface of the melted glass takes on a concave shape. The glass is cooled while still spinning. The spinning makes the glass the same shape as the main mirror used in a telescope. Computer controlled grinding machines can correct the shape of the glass. The concave top surface can be coated with silver and be used as a focusing mirror. The shape of bottom surface is made by the container the glass was melted in. The technology is being used for the Giant Magellan Telescope's seven mirrors. 

Large focusing mirrors can also be made using liquid mercury, such as the Large Zenith Telescope. The rotation is continuous and the metal remains liquid; once all waves and imbalances die out, the telescope is then used. 

Dependent and independent variables

In an experiment, the parts being studied can be classed as either dependent or independent variables. The "dependent" variable is the possible outcome of the experiment; the effect. It depends on what happens to other variables in the experiment. The dependent variable is basically the part that you are changing. For example, if you want to know how much light a plant needs to grow, the amount of growth is the dependent. If you wanted to see if a plant would grow better in hot or cold areas your independent variable would be the temperature of the air.

The "independent" variable is the variable that you have control over, what you can choose and manipulate. It is usually what you think will affect the dependent variable. In some cases, you may not be able to manipulate the independent variable. It may be something that is already there and is fixed, something you would like to evaluate with respect to how it affects something else, the independent variable like color, kind, time. As an example, you are interested in how stress affects heart rate in humans. Your independent variable would be the stress and the dependent variable would be the heart rate. You can directly manipulate stress levels in your human subjects and measure how those stress levels change heart rate.

In mathematics, the dependent variable changes with the independent variable, hence the name (it depends on the independent variable).

In calculus, a function is a map whose action is specified on variables. Take "x" and "y" to be two variables. A function "f" may map "x" to some expression in "x". Assigning gives a relation between "y" and "x". If there is some relation specifying "y" in terms of "x", then y is known as a dependent variable (and "x" is an independent variable).
A dependent variable is also known as a "response variable", "regressand", "measured variable", "responding variable", "explained variable", "outcome variable", "experimental variable", and "output variable".
If the independent variable is referred to as an "explanatory variable" then the term "response variable" is preferred by some authors for the dependent variable.

Hamnet Shakespeare

Hamnet Shakespeare ( January 1585 
9 August 1596) was the only son of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway. He was the twin brother of Judith Shakespeare. He died at age 11. How he died is not known. There are several ideas about a possible relationship between Hamnet and his father's play "Hamlet". Other ideas state there is a relationship between Hamnet's death and the writing of "King John", "Romeo and Juliet", "Julius Caesar", and "Twelfth Night". These ideas of a relationship became popular as early as the 18th century. They continued into the 1930s. In the 1930s, thinkers who believed in modernism and New Criticism said the relationship did not matter. Modernism and New Criticism thinkers believe that a writer's life does not change his writing. More recently, as New Criticism has become less popular, the ideas about Hamnet and his father's work have been talked about again.

Hamnet was born along his twin sister Judith Shakespeare in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1585, as the son and daughter of William Shakespeare, a English playwright. The exact date of their births is unknown, but they were presumed to have been born sometime in January 1585. Hamnet Shakespeare died in Stratford-upon-Avon in August 1596. The exact date of his death is unknown, but is presumed to have been on 9 August 1596.

Large Zenith Telescope

The Large Zenith Telescope (LZT) is a 6.0 metre diameter telescope. It is in the University of British Columbia's Malcolm Knapp Research Forest, about east of Vancouver. It is one of the largest telescopes in the world. 

A zenith telescope is only able to look straight up. This means that it can use a mirror which is a smoothly spinning pan filled with liquid mercury. The LZT uses 28 litres of mercury, spinning once every 8.5 seconds. This type of mirror can be made much larger and cheaper than a conventional mirror, which means it collects much more light. This light is focused into a CCD to make an image. The LZT is used for "transit imaging". This means that earth's rotation moves stars past the telescope. Images can be taken by moving the sensor electronically in step with this movement.

The telescope was made in 1994 using parts from the three-metre diameter NASA Orbital Debris Observatory telescope, which was retired a couple years earlier after several years of use.


Stéphane Hessel

Stéphane Frédéric Hessel (20 October 1917 - 27 February 2013) was a German-French diplomat and political activist. He was born in Berlin and became a French citizen in 1939. He was active in the Resistance in France during the Second World War. After the war, he was secretary to one of the writers of the United Nation's Universal Declaration of Human Rights and took part in World Conference on Human Rights that adopted Vienna Declaration He also opposed inequality in wealth and war by Israel in Palestine. 


First Battle of Maryang San

The Battle of Maryang San was Australia's greatest accomplishment in the Korean War. The battle occurred when the US General George Fleet called for forces to capture some positions just before the signing of the truce at Panmanjan.

The Commonwealth forces, fighting as part of the United Nations were British, Australian and New Zealand units. These included three Battalions of the 28th British Commonwealth Brigade, the 1st Battalion The King's Own Scottish Borderers, 1st Battalion King's Shropshire Light Infantry and 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment. Brigadier George Taylor (United Kingdom) was the Brigade Commander. The British Commonwealth Division had the 25th, 28th and 29th Brigades under the command of Lieutenant General James "Gentleman Jim" Cassels (later Field Marshal Sir James) and was part of 1 Corps. These units were against the Chinese Communist forces. 3 Battalion RAR was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel 'Frank' Francis Hassett. Commonwealth forces main aims were to take a number of hill positions, and the main objective, Maryang San.

The first attacks saw the Australian A and B company of 3 RAR take Hill 199, and the 1st Battalion Kings Shropshire Light Infantry take Hill 208. The Kings Own Scottish Borderers had moved to take Hill 399 but were pinned down on its slopes by night time. The Australians attacked at dawn, moving against the Chinese held Hill 200. Chinese infantry were driven from their trenches, and they fled, leaving behind some prisoners of war. The first gun emplacement was taken, and then the second, with the Chinese troops retreating down the slope of Hill 200.

A, B and D Companies attacked the Chinese units, and drew them away from Maryan San, the main objective. Following United Nations forces artillery and mortar fire, Chinese troops withdrew from Maryan San, and the Australian troops moved to take the position. Australian troops moved against an area that was used by the Chinese for artillery bombardments, known as the Hinge. After taking the Hinge, they were subjected to constant attacks, which eventually became sporadic and died off. At about 8 pm, the Chinese launched an attack in huge numbers. The Australian units were well dug in, using the Chinese own trench positions, and responded to the waves of Chinese troops with machine gun fire. Chinese troops fell in their hundreds. South Korean porters moved forward constantly, bringing supplies and taking away wounded.

By 5 November, after the Australians were withdrawn to recover, Maryang San had been recaptured by the Chinese. It was a terrible blow to morale for those who had fought long and hard to capture it. The tactically important ground of Maryang San remained in the hands of Chinese forces for the rest of the war.


Ferdinand I of Bulgaria

Ferdinand I of Bulgaria (Bulgarian : Фердинанд I Български ; born : 26 February 1861 : Vienna,Austria died : 10 September 1948 : Coburg,Bavaria,Germany) was a Bulgarian monarch and Tsar of Bulgaria,born in the Austrian Empire in 1861 . He was Prince Of Bulgaria from 1887-1908 and Tsar Of Bulgaria and reigned from 1908 until 1918 when he was replaced by Boris III Of Bulgaria (1894-1943) his son . Under his rule Bulgaria joined the Central Powers during World War I in 1915 after the First Balkan War 1912-1913 and the Second Balkan War Of 1913 before WW1 . He joined Central Power along the side with Kaiser Wilhelm II (Kaiser Of Germany),Franz Joseph I (Kaiser Of Austria)and ,Charles I or Karl I, and Mehmed V (Sultan of Turkey) until there defeat in 1918 and he was exiled and lived in Weimar Germany from 1918-1933 and Nazi Germany from 1933-1945,until his death in 1948 in Occupied Germany just 30 year’s after World War 1 and 3 years after World War 2 .

He was born in Vienna as Ferdinand Maximilan Charles Leopold Marie, Duke of Saxony, later becoming Prince of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, the son of Augustus of Saxe-Coburg-Kohary (1818–1881) and his wife née Clémentine of Orléans (1817–1907). He was proclaimed prince regnant of Bulgaria on 25 June 1887 (O.S.)/7 July 1887 (N.S.).

On 20 April 1893 at the Villa Pianore in Luccia in Italy, he married Maria Luisa Pia Teresa Anna Ferdinanda Francesca Antonietta Margherita Giuseppina Carolina Bianca Lucia Appollonia, Princess of Bourbon-Parma, daughter of Roberto I of Parma. He was also thought to be bisexual, even after marrying his first wife.

They had four children, Boris III (born : 1894 : Varna Palace ,Sofia,Bulgaria–died : 28 August 1943 : Sofia, Bulgaria), Kyril (1895–1945), Eudoxia (1898–1985), Nadejda (1899–1958) and Maria Luisa died in 1899. On 28 February 1908 in Coburg Ferdinand married his second wife, Eleonore Caroline Gasparine Louise, Princess Reuss-Köstritz (1860-1917), daughter of Heinrich IV Reuss von Köstritz (1821–1894) and née Luise Caroline Reuss zu Greiz (1822–1875).

Ferdinand became king of Bulgaria after it became independent on 22 September 1908 (O.S.)/5 September 1908 (N.S.). He abdicated on 3 October 1918.

He died in Burglassschloßen in Coburg, and is buried in St. Augustin's Catholic Church.



Fugacity

In thermodynamics, the fugacity is a state function of any isothermal system. The fugacity, which has units of pressure, represents the tendency of a fluid to escape or expand isothermally. For gases at low pressures where the ideal gas law holds, fugacity is equal to pressure. The ratio formula_1 between fugacity formula_2 and pressure formula_3 is called the fugacity coefficient; therefore, formula_4 for an ideal gas.

The fugacity formula_5 is defined at fixed temperature formula_6 by the following differential relation:

Laava

Laava is the stage name of Brazilian singer Fernanda Brandao.

In 2002 Fernanda released her single Wherever You Are (I Feel Love). Although her music originates from Germany, Brandao considers herself Brazilian. Born on March 5, 1983 in Belo horizons (Minas Gerais) she grew up it in Rio de Janeiro. Already at the age of 4 Fernanda danced with the Karneval in Rio and recorded samba folklore songs. She came from a musical family. Her mother produced some successful Brazilian pop songs and her aunt and uncle are well-known singers in Brazil. Fernanda spent much of her childhood time in studios.

When Fernanda was nine years old, her mother fell in love with a German man and they moved to Hamburg. She commutes back and forth between Brazil and Germany to dance. She also took up jazz, modern Dance, hip-hop, ballet, as well as vocal lessons in Germany . Fernanda trained physically, following styles such as box CUT, Tae Bo, BBP and crew class and became a licensed fitness trainer. Fernanda speaks four languages (Portuguese, Spanish, German and English). In 2001 she quit school, in order to give her all in recording music. Fernanda is currently in the band Hot Banditoz. 

She had been in many music videos as a back-up dancer for major international artistes including Enrique Iglesias, Kylie Minogue, Pink, Shaggy, Coolio, Gabriella Cilmi, Safri Duo and rock group Seed.


Jay Brannan

Jay Brannan (March 29, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter. He grew up in Austin, Texas and is gay. His family, who were very conservative Baptists, had a hard time accepting this. Brannan moved to California after one year of being at college. Brannan had wanted to become an actor and landed his first role in "Shortbus" in 2003. He recorded "Soda Shop" which was featured in the movie soundtrack. After this, Brannan continued singing songs. He began performing acoustic versions on YouTube and became very popular without any promotion.

Brannan had acted in his second movie "Holding Trevor" in 2007. A year later, his debut album "Goddamned" was released. Brannan promoted the album during his Goddamned Tour. The following year, he released his second studio album called "In Living Cover". The album peaked at number 10 the US Top Heatseekers on "Billboard".

Brannan's voice is a tenor and has been compared to many female artists. Many feedback's from music critics have been mixed to negative. Brannan's music was called "The Little Mermaid on crack", while he stated that he writes songs out of anger and pain. Jer Fairall of PopMatters gave Brannan's debut album a mixed review, stating "with likeability to spare, Brannan's music nevertheless needs to grow up a bit". Brannan has said in interviews that he wishes not to be called a "gay singer".

Jay Brannan was born on March 29, 1982 in Austin, Texas. His father was a petroleum engineer, while his mother was a teacher. Brannan spent his childhood in Austin and had wanted to become a successful singer. While growing up, he had to struggle with his sexuality. He had found out he was gay. Brannan came out to his family, who were conservative Baptists and had a rough time accepting his sexuality. Brannan took a college course in Cincinnati, Ohio. He only had done one year of college.

He left college to become an actor. He decided to move to Palm Springs, California, he had lived there for less than a year. Brannan decided to move to Los Angeles afterwards. He was given a casting notice while living there. However, because of his then-recent break-up with his ex-boyfriend, Brannan moved to New York City. Brannan then sent an audition tape and was asked to do a movie.

In 2003, Brannan had acted in his first role in the movie "Shortbus". His character named "Seth", who works two jobs to pay his bills, struggles with his own sexuality. Brannan had performed several sex scenes while playing the role as "Seth" in the movie. The song, "Soda Shop", which was written by Brannan, was included in the movie soundtrack. The song became his first studio recorded song, since he had always sing and records his music in his apartment. The song became a single and was released from Team Love Records. Afterwards, Brannan continued singing his music by performing acoustic versions on YouTube. His fan base grew in numbers while he promoted himself on his MySpace and Blogspot profiles. He was not given any corporate sponsorship for promotion. In 2007, Brannan acted in his second movie called "Holding Trevor". His character was the best friend of the protagonist, who helped him relieve his depression. After the movie was released, Brannan had recorded a limited-edition EP "Unmastered" and released it for a short while. A year later, his debut album "Goddamned" was released. Brannan founded his own recording label called "Great Depression Records". Brannan had performed ten times during his Goddamned Tour (2008). That same year, Brannan left his old job and was able to live off as an independent singer.

Brannan released an LP record called "In Living Cover" in 2009. The album peaked at number 10 on the US Top Heatseekers on "Billboard". He promoted the album when he appeared on ABC News in July 2009. Brannan does not like to be called a "gay singer", and states that he "hates" it because he rather be known as a musician then a "gay singer".

Brannan's voice is a tenor. Allmusic had reviewed his music and even compared him to female artists Ani DiFranco, Lisa Loeb, Sinéad O'Connor, and Liz Phair. Brannan's debut album "Goddamned" was described as lo-fi. Brannan's music was called "The Little Mermaid on crack". Brannan stated that he writes songs out of anger and pain. He has been compared to singer Rufus Wainwright by "The New York Times". Brannan also stated that he sees himself echoing the angry and sad sounds of female singers like Tracy Chapman and Joni Mitchell.

Jer Fairall of PopMatters gave Brannan's debut album a mixed review, stating "with likeability to spare, Brannan's music nevertheless needs to grow up a bit". Dave Hughes of "Slant" magazine gave a negative review, stating "Brannan is a talented and tenacious guy, it's also impossible to recommend Goddamned".

Andrew Leahey from Allmusic, gave "In Living Color" a mixed rating, stating the album's "highlights spread too thinly to do much good". Jer Fairall of PopMatters called the album a "satisfying collection" with "a couple of bum notes".



Marojejy National Park

Marojejy National Park is a national Park of Madagascar in northeastern Madagascar.

Thus, abundant forest habitats Marojejy host a great diversity of life often original. This is confirmed by surveys of some groups of animals. For example:



Three camps located at different altitudes allow visitors to sleep in the forest. Bungalows made of wood and tarpaulin, shelter meals, a kitchenette with the availability of coal and stove and a toilet and a shower.

It was estimated that between 23 325 and 46 650 trees of Rosewood were gunned down illegally in national parks Marojejy and Masoala for 2009. The year 2010 was marked by the intensification of cuts but rather in the Masoala National Park and the Makira Protected Area.


Philo T. Farnsworth

Philo Taylor Farnsworth (August 19, 1906 – March 11, 1971) was an American inventor. He was from Beaver, Utah and grew up in Idaho. He was a Mormon and went to college at Brigham Young University. 

He is one of several people who can claim to have invented television. He invented the picture tube and built the first all-electric TV set. He had built his first prototype in 1927, and presented it in 1928. For the next few years, Farnsworth fought a battle with RCA over his patents. By 1936, he was filming television programs. He did a lot of research in nuclear fusion. He also invented the modern method of air-traffic control.

A statue of Farnsworth represents Utah in the United States Capitol.

Luigi Bruins

Luigi Bruins (born 9 March 1987 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Bruins was born in Rotterdam and is of Italian descent.

He started playing football at the age of six with Excelsior Rotterdam. He ran through all youth teams of this club. Bruins made his professional debut for Excelsior in the season 2004–05. On January 28, 2005, Bruins came in for Santi Kolk in the 78th minute of the Eerste Divisie away match against FC Eindhoven (3-0). This was the only match in his first season. The next season he had his breakthrough. Bruins scored his first professional goal in the season opening away match against Cambuur Leeuwarden (0-1) on August 12, 2005. With Excelsior he became champion in the Dutch Eerste Divisie in the 2005/06 season.

After the promotion the team stayed in the Eere Divisie. Bruins made his Eredivisie debut on August 19, 2006, in the home match against Roda JC (0-1)and scored his first Eredivisie goals on September 9, 2006 against SC Heerenveen(3-1). In 2007 he signed with Feyenoord Rotterdam. In his first season he played 27 matches and scored six goals

In the next season he was often injured so he lost his place in the first squad. After the end of his contract he signed in October 2011 with FC Red Bull Salzburg. He played his first match for his new team on 15 October 2011 versus Wacker Innsbruck, where he came on in the second half.

Bruins was part of the Netherlands U21 winning the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. In the final match he scored the last goal in the 4-1 victory over SerbiaU-21. 

Gerund

A gerund is a verb used as a noun. 

In English, the gerund is formed by adding -ing to a verb root. It is identical in form to the present participle (ending in "-ing") and can behave as a verb within a clause (so that it may be modified by an adverb or have an object), but the clause as a whole (sometimes consisting of only one word, the gerund itself) acts as a noun within the larger sentence. For example: "Eating this cake is easy."

In "Eating this cake is easy", "eating this cake", although traditionally known as a phrase, is referred to as a non-finite clause in modern linguistics. "Eating" is the verb in the clause, while "this cake" is the object of the verb. "Eating this cake" acts as a noun phrase within the sentence as a whole, though; the subject of the sentence is the non-finite clause, specifically "eating".

Other examples of the gerund:

Not all nouns that are identical in form to the present participle are gerunds. The formal distinction is that a gerund is a "verbal" noun – a noun derived from a verb that retains verb characteristics, that functions "simultaneously" as a noun and a verb, while other nouns in the form of the present participle (ending in "-ing") are "de"verbal nouns, which function as common nouns, not as verbs at all. Compare:

As the result of its origin and development, the gerund has nominal and verbal properties. The "nominal" characteristics of the gerund are as follows:
The "verbal" characteristics of the gerund include the following:

Verbs that are often followed by a gerund include "admit, adore, anticipate, appreciate, avoid, carry on, consider, contemplate, delay, deny, describe, detest, dislike, enjoy, escape, fancy, feel, finish, give, hear, imagine, include, justify, listen to, mention, mind, miss, notice, observe, perceive, postpone, practice, quit, recall, report, resent, resume, risk, see, sense, sleep, stop, suggest, tolerate" and "watch".
Additionally, prepositions are often followed by a gerund.

For example:

Institution of Electrical Engineers

The Institution of Electrical Engineers (I.E.E., pronounced "I-double-E" or "I-E-E") was a British professional organisation of electronics, electrical, manufacturing, and Information Technology professionals. It focused on electrical engineers. The I.E.E. was founded in 1871 as the Society of Telegraph Engineers. It changed its name in 1880 to the Society of Telegraph Engineers and Electricians. The name changed again to the Institution of Electrical Engineers in 1889. It was Incorporated by a Royal Charter in 1921. In 2006, the I.E.E. merged with the Institution of Incorporated Engineers (I.I.E.) to form the Institution of Engineering and Technology (I.E.T.). Before the merger, the I.E.E. was the largest professional engineering society in Europe, with a worldwide membership of around 120,000.

Participle

In linguistics, a participle is a word that shares some characteristics of both verbs and adjectives. Examples of participle formation are:

As noun-modifiers, participles usually precede the noun (like adjectives), but in many cases they can or must follow it:

The present participle in English has the same form as the gerund, but the gerund acts as a noun rather than a verb or a modifier. The word "sleeping" in "Your job description does not include sleeping" is a gerund and not a present participle.

While English past participles, like past tense forms, are sometimes irregular, all English present participles are regular, being formed with the suffix "-ing".
The present participle in English is in the active voice and is used for: 

The past participle may be used in both active and passive voices:

Passive participles reflect past action in the passive voice, for example
Even irregular past participle verbs often follow the format "-en" or "-ne", as may be seen from above. For examples:

Diary of a Mad Black Woman

Diary of a Mad Black Woman is a 2005 movie. It was based on a play written by Tyler Perry. The movie starred Kimberly Elise, Shemar Moore, Cicely Tyson, Steve Harris, and Tyler Perry. The movie was directed by Darren Grant. It was released in the US on February 25, 2005. The movie became the top-grossing film in the United States in mid-March of 2005.

Kimberly Elise portrays Helen McCarter, a depressed woman living in Atlanta with her husband Charles (Steve Harris). When Charles decides he wants to marry his "other woman" Brenda, he literally drags Helen out the door. With no place to go, Helen goes to live with her grandmother Mabel "Madea" Simmons (Tyler Perry) in the ghetto. Madea assists Helen in getting her life back under control with the help of Helen's mother Myrtle Jean (Cicely Tyson), Madea's brother Joe (Tyler Perry), and Brian (Tyler Perry), her attorney relative.



Crash Bandicoot (video game)

Crash Bandicoot is a platform game made by Naughty Dog in 1996 for the PlayStation, featuring the character by the same name. In it, Crash must fight Dr. Neo Cortex's henchmen (bosses) in order to save Tawna, his beloved bandicoot girlfriend for revenge on Cortex. The game sold 6.8 million copies, becoming the 8th best-selling PlayStation video games of all time.

"Crash Bandicoot" has 33 levels. Two of these levels can be activated by collecting a key. Each level has a particular theme. No theme is shared by more than two levels. For example, on two levels, Crash runs toward the camera from a boulder (that is heading towards him), an allusion to Indiana Jones. On another level, henchmen throw barrels of toxic waste at Crash as he progresses toward the level's goal. There are also unlockable bonus levels by collecting three "Nitrus Brio", "Dr. Cortex" (only in 2 levels) and "Tawna" icons. These pictures are always in boxes which gives the player a reason to break open boxes since you can't save your progress unless you complete a Tawna bonus round or a Cortex bonus round. You can also save by collecting a gem.

You can also collect gems in Crash Bandicoot. To collect a gem, you must break all the boxes on that level without losing a life. There are several different colored gems in the game. Some levels require that you complete another level before every box on a certain level is revealed. For example, the Jungle Rollers level requires that you collect the green gem from the Lost City level before every box on that level is unmasked.

The boss levels feature the following characters, in order of appearance:



Messerschmitt

Messerschmitt AG was a German aircraft manufacturer. It was founded in 1916, re-founded in 1938, and named for designer Willy Messerschmitt. It was headquarted in Augsburg, Germany. It made most of the fighter planes the Germans used in World War II. They made the Bf 109 and 110 fighter plane, the Me 321 transport plane and the Me 262 "Swallow" jet fighter. Many of their plane parts were made by people from concentration camps. After the war, the company made cars, bicycles, and prefab homes. In 1969, Messerschmitt merged with Bölkow and Blohm, and today exists as EADS Germany

J Balvin

José Álvaro Osorio Balvin known professionally as "J Balvin" is a Colombian singer.

Balvin was born in a middle-class family in Medellín, Colombia, on May 7, 1985. He is the son of José Álvaro Osorio and Alba Mery Balvin. Balvin has a younger sister named Carolina, who is a model. His father was an economist and businessman and grew up in a large house in the hills outside the city. He grew up listening to rock bands like Metallica and Nirvana. He claims that he incorporates grunge aesthetics into his personal style by having a Nirvana tattoo on his knee. He developed an interest in reggaeton after listening to Daddy Yankee. He recalls that "I was such a fan that I copied his style, the way he moved on stage, his flows, his raps," comparing him to reggaeton's Jay-Z. His father's business went bankrupt and his family lost their homes and cars, demanding that the family move to a poorer neighborhood. During this period of his life, J Balvin observes: "When I went into the favela, people saw me as a rich person, but when I'm around rich people, they see me as someone from the ghetto. They are all perceptions. I like to move between the worlds. I feel equally comfortable in both.".

When J Balvin was 17, he attended an English exchange program in Oklahoma. He was disappointed by the experience, saying, "I was expecting the US that everyone knows about Hollywood." Shortly after the experience, he moved to New York to study English and music, living with an aunt in Staten Island and working as a dog walker. During his time in New York, he was fascinated by the business knowledge of rappers 50 Cent and P. Diddy of New York. J Balvin worked in various jobs in New York, Miami and Medellin, including working illegally in the United States as a carpenter and house painter. He finally decided to return to Colombia and began performing at various urban clubs in Medellín and increasing his social media afterwards. He enrolled at the prestigious EAFIT University in Medellin for seven semesters studying international business. At 19, he began to pursue a career in music and adopted the stage name J Balvin "El Negocio", meaning "the Business" in Portuguese.

He met his DJ and business partner David Rivera Mazo in a freestyle rap battle in Medellin. The two became friends and began producing and promoting their own music without a record label. The first songs by J Balvin were described as "basically poor imitations of Puerto Rican commercial reggaeton." He soon adopted a more relaxed and minimalist style in his music. He signed with EMI Colombia in 2009 and soon afterwards released the single "Ella Me Cautivó", which was reached number 35 on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart. His first international success was the one-night " Yo Te Lo Dije". J Balvin signed with Universal's subsidiary Capitol Latin, a year later.


Killers (1997)

Killers is a 1997 movie directed by David Michael Latt and distributed by The Asylum.


Some killers want to kill people who have stolen drugs from them.

List of frogs and toads in New Jersey

This is a list of frogs and toads that are in the US state of New Jersey. There are 13 frogs and 3 toads. Most of these frogs and toads hibernate during the winter time. They are more active during the late spring, summer and early fall seasons.

Northern cricket frog

The northern cricket frog ("Acris crepitans") is a species of small Hylid frogs. They live in Canada, the United States and northeastern Mexico. Northern cricket frogs are small frogs, between 0.75 and 1.5 inches (19–38 mm) long. They have pink color on their throats. They eat crickets and small insects. They usually lay eggs in April through May. Tadpoles hatch within a few days.


Ted Williams

Theodore Samuel "Ted" Williams (born Teddy Samuel; August 30, 1918 - July 5, 2002) was an American professional baseball player for the Boston Red Sox. He was the last player in Major League Baseball to go past a batting average of .400 (40%) in a single season. Williams was born in San Diego, California.

Williams died on July 5, 2002 from cardiac arrest in Inverness, Florida, aged 83. His head is cryogenically frozen.

Empress Suiko

The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

In the history of Japan, Suiko was the first of eight women to be empress. The seven others were: (a) Kōgyoku/Saimei, (b) Jitō, (c) Gemmei, (d) Genshō, (e) Kōken/Shōtoku, (f) Meishō, and (g) Go-Sakuramachi.

Suiko was the third daughter of Emperor Kimmei. She was the half-sister of Emperor Yōmei and Emperor Sushun.

Suiko was also a wife of Emperor Bidatsu.

When Suiko became empress, she ended a power struggle for the throne after the deaths of emperors who were her brothers.


Prince Shōtoku was the most important man in Suko's court.

In 599, an earthquake destroyed buildings in Yamato province which is now known as Nara Prefecture.

The reign of this empress was marked by the opening of relations with the Sui court in 600.

The use of the Sexegenary cycle calendar ("Jikkan Jūnishi") in Japan is credited to Empress Suiko in 604.


Suiko ruled for 35 years. She abdicated in 628.

Suiko died in 628. This empress' official name after her death (her posthumous name) was regularized only after death. Her reign name means "to reason from antiquity."

The actual site of Suiko's grave is known. This empress is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Osaka.

The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Suiko's mausoleum. It is formally named "Shinaga no Yamada no misasagi".


Berkshire Hathaway

Berkshire Hathaway is an investment company mostly owned and controlled by Warren Buffett. It owns many different companies. It owns several companies completely, and holds large portions of other companies. It has 27,000 shareholders, and Bill Gates is one of the company's directors.

It takes its name from a textile mill that was started in 1839, bought by Buffett in 1964, and closed in 1985.

Since Berkshire Hathaway's stock has gained a lot of value and never split, a single share of "A stock" is now worth over $400,000. Because of this, there is a "B" stock that sells for a small fraction of the "A stock".


Battle of Valcour Island

The naval Battle of Valcour Island took place on October 11, 1776 on Lake Champlain. The battle was also known as the Battle of Valcour Bay. The main battle had took place in Valcour Bay, a strait between the New York mainland and Valcour Island. The battle was known as one of the first naval battles of the American Revolutionary War. It was also known as one of the first battle from the Royal Navy. Benedict Arnold demanded that the Americans flee from their ships. The ships were destroyed by a British force, which was controlled by General Guy Charleton. The British had planned to reach the upper Hudson River valley, however the American defense of Lake Champlain stalled the British from reaching it.

In June 1776, The Continental Army had moved away from enemy forces in Quebec to Fort Ticonderoga and Fort Crown Point. They had spent that summer fixing their forts and building more ships to build their army. General Carleton had a 9,000 man army at Fot Saint-Jean. However, he needed to build an object to carry all of them over the lake. The Americans had either taken or destroyed most of the ships on the lake.

On October 11, Arnold took the British vessels to a different location. He had chosen to give the British limited advantages. Many American ships were damaged or destroyed during the battle. Arnold had took the American vessels past the British vessels during that night. He had took them toward Crown Point and Ticonderoga. However, because of dangerous weather, more of the vessels were captured or burned before they had reached Crown Point. When Arnold had reached Crown Point he had the fort's buildings burned. He then left to Ticonderoga.

Thomas Pringle, James Dacres, Edward Pellew and John Schank, who were officers, had became admirals in the Royal Navy. Valcour Bay, where the battle had begun, is now a National Historic Landmark. The USS "Philadelphia", which had sank after the battle on October 11, was risen from the ocean in 1934. USS "Spitfire", which was located in 1997, is on the National Register of Historic Places.


Valcour Bay

Valcour Bay is a strait between the New York mainland and Valcour Island. It is four miles south from Plattsburgh, New York. The bay was where the Battle of Valcour Island had happened during the American Revolutionary War. On October 11, 1776, the presence of an American fleet on the west shore of Lake Champlain, at Valcour Bay, hampered the British and allowed an American victory at Saratoga a year later, a turning point in the Revolutionary War. In 1961 Valcour Bay was declared a National Historic Landmark.

Valcour Island

Valcour Island lies in Lake Champlain, forming a strait against the New York mainland. On October 11, 1776, a naval engagement known as the Battle of Valcour Island was fought in that strait between British and United States naval forces.


Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester

Sir Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester (1724-1808) was a British soldier and Governor of Canada. Colonel Carleton was a part of James Wolfe's attack on Quebec City during the Battle of the Plains of Abraham. General Carleton repelled the American attack on Quebec in 1775. He was governor of Canada twice, 1768-1778 and 1785-1795.



Bleeding Love

"Bleeding Love" is a song by Leona Lewis. It was released as her official second single on 29 October 2007 from her first album "Spirit". The song is written and produced by Ryan Tedder. 

"Bleeding Love" is said to be like a classic Prince record, or Whitney Houston's "My Love Is Your Love".

Lewis had performed the song on the live show of the fourth series of "The X Factor".

TBS (American TV channel)

TBS (Turner Broadcasting System) is an American cable TV network that shows sports and variety programming. TBS is well known for its broadcasts of the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball team and various National Basketball Association games. TBS also shows reruns of popular network television shows from the past.

During the 1980s, WTBS focused heavily on movies – running two films during the day, and a movie-exclusive schedule during the nighttime hours after 8:00 p.m., with the exception of sports events. At other times, WTBS continued to run mostly classic sitcoms, and vintage cartoons. In 1986, when Ted Turner purchased Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists (which he would sell back to previous owner Kirk Kerkorian that October due to debt incurred by the Turner Broadcasting System from its purchase of the film studio), WTBS gained the rights to the entire MGM film library (including certain acquisitions by MGM). This gave WTBS the rights to air many theatrical cartoon shorts such as "Tom & Jerry", "Barney Bear", "Tex Avery", and "The Pink Panther", as well as shows like "Gilligan's Island" and "CHiPs".

Along with "Tom & Jerry", WTBS began to run "The Little Rascals", "Looney Tunes"/"Merrie Melodies" cartoons released prior to August 1948, theatrical "Popeye" cartoon shorts, and "Three Stooges" shorts under the banner "Tom & Jerry and Friends" running for either one hour or 90 minutes during the morning hours and for an hour in the afternoon from 1986 until the mid-1990s. In the late 1980s, WTBS decreased the number of movies broadcast during the day slightly and began to add sitcoms from the 1970s (such as "Happy Days", "The Jeffersons", "Good Times" and "One Day at a Time") to the evening lineup; "Little House on the Prairie" aired during the late mornings continuously from 1986 to 2003.



Good Luck Charlie

Good Luck Charlie is an American sitcom. It was created by Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen. They wanted to create a program that would appeal to entire families, not just children. Production began in August 2009. The show premiered on Disney Channel in the United States on April 4, 2010. It premiered in Canada on April 5, 2010. It premiered in the United Kingdom and Ireland on May 14, 2010. It premiered in Colorado america on July 23, 2010. In March 2011, a feature-length Christmas Disney Channel Original Movie based on the series, entitled "Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!", began production for a December 2011 premiere. In June 2013, Disney Channel announced that the series would end its run after four seasons. The finale aired on February 16, 2014, with a one-hour episode.

The show is about the Duncan family, which is made up of Teddy, PJ, Gabe, Bob, Amy and Charlie Duncan. In each episode, Teddy records a video diary about her everyday life; it also gives advice to Charlie for when she grows up. At the end of the diary Teddy states the show's name ("Good Luck Charlie") after a problem or situation happens or is solved. However, the original idea of "Good Luck Charlie" was "Love Teddy".


An Indian adaptation of the show titled "Best of Luck Nikki", premiered on Disney Channel India on April 3, 2011. Sheena Bajaj plays Dolly Singh, a character similar to that of Teddy Duncan, Ananya Kolvankar portrays Nikita "Nikki" Singh, a character similar to that of Charlie and Gurdeep Kohli portrays Himani Singh, a character similar to that of Amy. The series ran successfully for 4 seasons, 104 episodes and 3 special episodes and ended on April 16, 2016.

A Pakistani adaptation of the show titled "Peek-A-Boo Shahwaiz" premiered on Play Entertainment from 15 July 2018.


Shake It Up (American TV series)

Shake It Up! is a Disney Channel original series starring Bella Thorne, Zendaya Coleman, and Roshon Fegan. The show is in a show-within-a-show format. It premiered on November 7, 2010. In 2011, Disney Channel confirmed that a movie based on the show is currently being produced.

Two best friends (CeCe Jones and Rocky Blue) land a job as background dancers in a show, "Shake It Up! Chicago" thanks to their friend Deuce. The show follows their adventures in the show and features problems and issues such as; their new social status, rivals on the show, and even the ultimate test: the strength of their friendship.




In 2013, an Indian adaptation of the show with the same name was made. It premiered on Disney Channel India on March 30, 2013. However, it is centered on two teenage boys as opposed to two teenage girls. Like most Indian adaptations, the episodes are similar to the original. The series ran for one season only.


Indian Camp

"Indian Camp" is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway.

Nick Adams goes with his father, a doctor, to an Indian camp. A pregnant woman is having difficulty giving birth. The baby is found to be backwards in the womb, and Dr. Adams is forced to perform a Caesarean operation. After the procedure is successful, Nick's father looks on the top bunk of the bed to see if the woman's husband was okay. The man had committed suicide with a razor during the labor. 

This is the first Nick Adams story and shows the characterization of the father/son relationship between Nick and Dr. Adams.


Help Wanted (SpongeBob SquarePants)

"Help Wanted" is the pilot episode of SpongeBob SquarePants. It is the first episode of the first season. It first aired on May 1, 1999.

SpongeBob gets ready to apply for a job at the Krusty Krab. He is encouraged by his best friend, a starfish named Patrick. When he arrives, he asks a crab named Mr. Krabs to start working. SpongeBob's neighbor, an octopus named Squidward, does not want SpongeBob to get a job. Mr. Krabs agrees to hire him if he gets a special spatula. As SpongeBob looks for it, a lot of anchovies appear at the Krusty Krab. SpongeBob returns with his spatula and cooks hamburgers for them. He is then hired by Mr. Krabs.

Magellanic Clouds

The Magellanic Clouds are two irregular, dwarf galaxies. They do not have a regular shape, and only have a few billion stars. The Magellanic Clouds can only be seen from the southern hemisphere. They orbit the Milky Way galaxy. They, along with the Milky Way and Andromeda Galaxy, are part of the Local Group of over 50 galaxies. The two clouds are known as the:


The first written record of the Magellanic Clouds was by the Persian astronomer Al Sufi. In 964 he wrote the "Book of Fixed Stars". He called the Large Magellanic Cloud "al-Bakr" (the Sheep) "of the southern Arabs". He wrote that the Cloud could not be seen from northern Arabia and Baghdad, but could be seen at the strait of Bab el Mandeb (12°15' N). This is the southernmost point of Arabia.

The first Europeans to see the Clouds were Italian explorers Peter Martyr d'Anghiera and Andrea Corsali at the end of the 15th century. Antonio Pigafetta also saw them, when he went with Ferdinand Magellan on his circumnavigation of the world in 1519-1522. However, naming the clouds after Magellan did not become widespread until much later. In Bayer's 1661 book, "Uranometria", they are called "nubecula major" and "nubecula minor". In the 1756 star map by French astronomer Lacaille, they are called "le Grand Nuage" and "le Petit Nuage" ("the Large Cloud" and "the Small Cloud").

The Clouds can be easily seen without the use of a telescope. They look like separate pieces of the Milky Way. About 21° apart in the night sky, the real distance between them is about 75,000 light-years. They were long thought to be the closest galaxies to the Milky Way. The Canis Major Galaxy, discovered in 2003, is now thought to be our closest galaxy.

The LMC is about 160,000 light years away, while the SMC is about 200,000. The LMC is about 14,000 light years in diameter, and the SMC about 7,000. For comparison, the Milky Way is about 170,000-200,000 light years across.

Scientists believe that the irregular galaxy shape of Magellanic Clouds is caused by tidal interaction with the Milky Way as they travel close to it. Streams of neutral hydrogen connect them to the Milky Way and to each other. Both Clouds look like they were once spiral in shape. Their gravity has affected the Milky Way as well, distorting the outer parts of the galaxy's disc shape.

They have a different structure and lower mass than our galaxy. There are two other big differences. First, they are gas-rich; they have more hydrogen and helium compared to the Milky Way. They are also more metal-poor than the Milky Way. The youngest stars in the LMC and SMC have less than half the amount of other elements. Both are noted for their nebulae and larger numbers of young stars. Like our own Galaxy their stars range from the very young to the very old, which shows the Clouds have a long history.

A supernova, SN 1987A, in the Large Magellanic Cloud was the brightest object seen from Earth in over four centuries.

In 2010, a French scientist said that the clouds may have been ejected from a collision that formed the Andromeda Galaxy six billion years ago. However most astronomers believe the Magellanic Clouds were made in the same process that formed our Milky Way Galaxy.

New research suggests that the SMC may in fact be split in two. A smaller part may hidden about 30,000 light years behind the SMC. This could have happened with the LMC splitting the SMC, and that the two sections are still moving apart. This smaller section is being called the Mini Magellanic Cloud.



Christmas Who?

"Christmas Who?" (also known as "The SpongeBob Christmas Special") is the 28 episode of the second season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". The special received positive feedback. A reviewer on Reviewstream.com calls it "a great story of the holiday spirit". The special currently ranks a high 9.1 out of 10 on TV.com.

SpongeBob is sneaking up to Sandy's tree dome to perform his new karate move, and sees Sandy lighting up her tree to look like a Christmas tree. SpongeBob, mistaking the lights for fire, freaks out and runs in and splashes water on Sandy. Sandy realizes that SpongeBob never seen a Christmas tree before, and does not know what the holiday is. While learning of the holiday and its activities, SpongeBob begins to spread the joy throughout the city of Bikini Bottom. He tells everyone that Santa Claus will give you presents if you write him letters.

While everyone decorates and writes letters to Santa, Squidward refuses to believe in Santa and all the Christmas cheer. On Christmas Eve, everyone waits outside singing for Santa, while Squidward goes to sleep. The next morning, it turns out Santa never came, and soon, everyone becomes angry with SpongeBob. After everyone has left, SpongeBob becomes heartbroken. His pain is only made worse when Squidward comes out and makes fun of him. SpongeBob gives Squidward a present that he would have given him so he would not feel left out if Santa came. Squidward unwraps the present to find a carved wooden clarinet, hand-made by SpongeBob. He becomes very happy, and becomes regretful of his actions. 

When SpongeBob begins taking the lights off of his home, Squidward soon appears dressed as Santa Claus. Santa informs SpongeBob that he brought the holiday to Bikini Bottom by just spreading the word, which makes SpongeBob faint. Squidward gives all the fish his belongings to make SpongeBob and the people happy.

When it's all over, Squidward has nothing left and takes off the suit. SpongeBob then tells him everything he missed. That's when Squidward finds a note at his doorstep from Santa. Squidward then looks up to see the real Santa in his sleigh flying out of Bikini Bottom, laughing with joy. 

Graveyard Shift

"Graveyard Shift" is the 36th episode of the second season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". Reviewstream had given a positive feedback, stating that it is a "funny episode," although stating that "it might frighten younger viewers." A DVD Verdict critic also stated the episode to be one of his favorites, stating that it had a "funny dialogue." DVD Talk also gave a positive score.

The Krusty Krab closes, and Squidward is excited, but Mr. Krabs realizes that more profit would be gained if it was open 24 hours a day, so he does that. SpongeBob is really excited, while Squidward is extremely annoyed. Squidward scares SpongeBob with tales of the hash-slinging slasher. According to Squidward, he was a fry cook at the Krusty Krab many years ago. When he was making Krabby Patties, he accidentally cut off his own hand, and later replaced it with a rusty spatula. He was run over by a bus and fired at his funeral. Every Tuesday night, his ghost comes to the place and haunts it.

There are three signs of his arrival, which are:
Later that night, everything that Squidward says actually happens. He and SpongeBob are really scared until they find out that the so-called hash-slinging slasher is actually a person who wants a job application, and hung up on the phone because he was nervous.

Sailor Mouth

"Sailor Mouth" is the 38th episode of the second season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". The episode was watched by 8.7 million viewers. Erik Wiese, a member of the "SpongeBob SquarePants" crew, stated that "Sailor Mouth" was one of his favorite episodes because of its random and satirical nature, saying "Sometimes SpongeBob just catches me off-guard."

SpongeBob and Patrick discover a swear word written on the Krusty Krab dumpster. Although SpongeBob is unsure of its meaning, Patrick tells him that it is a 'sentence enhancer' that will make them sound "fancy". The two repeat the word while being in the Krusty Krab. They also repeat the word over the loudspeaker. However, the two regret saying it after Mr. Krabs had spoken to them about the word being highly inappropriate. They are told that the curse word is number eleven in a list of thirteen bad words in total. Later, SpongeBob loses a game to Patrick and says the word again. SpongeBob and Patrick race to the Krusty Krab to tell Mr. Krabs. Mr. Krabs is mad and punishes them by having them paint the Krusty Krab building. When Mr. Krabs trips on a rock he screams all 13 bad words. 

SpongeBob and Patrick, followed by Mr. Krabs, rush to Mama Krabs' house to tell on Mr. Krabs. All three begin tattling on one another to Mama Krabs. Mama Krabs, overwhelmed by the bad words, faints and then falls to the ground. After regaining consciousness, Mama Krabs then puts all three to work painting her house. While watching them paint, Mama Krabs hurts herself and begins yelling out in pain. The three look at Mama Krabs in shock, thinking that she is using one of the swear words. However, they all begin to laugh when they discover that a neighbor was honking the horn of his old jalopy, which happened to always occur exactly with her outburst.

Amor Prohibido (disambiguation)

Amor Prohibido () may be for:



Trinomial nomenclature

In biology, trinomial nomenclature is used to name living things at a rank lower than species. The term "trinomial nomenclature" means "three-part name" or "system of three-part names". 

If living things are divided into more categories than species such as a sub species then it gets a three part scientific name. The first part indicates the genus, the second part indicates the species, and the third part is particular to the living thing (at whatever rank it has been assigned).


Dreaming of You

Dreaming of You may be for:


Como La Flor (disambiguation)

Como La Flor may be for:



Siberian crane

The Siberian crane ("Grus leucogeranus") or Siberian white crane or snow crane, is a critically endangered crane. They occur in three groups: the eastern group, which migrates from eastern Siberia to China, the central group, which migrates from western Siberia to India, and the western group, which migrate from western Russia to Iran

Adult Siberian cranes are 140 cm (5 ft) tall and weight 6 kg (13 lbs). Their plumage is pure white, except for some wing feathers, which are black. The front of the face does not have any feathers and is reddish in color.

The eastern group is abiut 3000-4000 cranes, over 95% of the total population. In 2008, 3750 individuals were counted at Poyang Lake in China, one of the breeding sites. This group of cranes breeds in the Yakutia region of northeastern Siberia and spends the winter in the Yangtze River valley. However, cranes sometimes are found in areas like Mongolia, Japan, and Korea, although they do not breed there.

The central group is believed to breed in western Siberia, especially along the Ob River. These cranes spend the winter in India. Although no one has actually tracked a crane on its migration route, researchers believe the cranes in Siberia fly over Kazakhstan and Afghanistan to reach India's Keoladeo National Park. They believe this because cranes were seen in Kazakhstan and may have even nested there, and several cranes are known to stop in Afghanistan's lakes during their migration. However, cranes of the central group were last seen in 2002, and there were only four cranes. Therefore, this group may be extinct.

The Climb (song)

The Climb is a song performed by Miley Cyrus. It was released in 2009 as part of "". The song received strong musical ranks on the charts worldwide.

Nyarlathotep

Nyarlathotep is the god of nightmares and chaos in the Cthulhu Mythos, a fictional universe. It has many forms.

It is one of the oldest beings within the Mythos, along with Yog-Sothoth and Shub-Niggurath.

Unlike most other Mythos beings, Nyarlathotep enjoys interacting with humans (and other helpless critters) and then driving them mad. It is also credited with giving humans the atomic bomb, with hopes that humanity kills itself off.


Suiko Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Suiko Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Empress Suiko of Japan.

The last eruption from Suiko seamount was 60 million years ago.



DeVry University

DeVry University is a private university with campuses in the United States. Its main programs of study are business administration, computer engineering, electrical engineering, network communication management, and other technology related studies.

The university operates on a trimester course schedule and, if taken full-time, a person can graduate with a bachelor's degree in three years or less.


Nintoku Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Nintoku Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Nintoku of Japan.

The last eruption from Nintoku seamount was 65 million years ago.



Light machine gun

A light machine gun, or LMG, is a type of machine gun that is designed to be used by only one soldier. Light machine guns are often used as squad automatic weapons.

The caliber of cartridge that modern light machine guns fire are usually less than medium machine guns. They are also usually lighter. However, a light machine gun can be noticed by the role it plays in a battle. Some machine guns, such as general-purpose machine guns, can be used as either a light machine gun or a medium machine gun. If it uses a bipod and fires in short bursts, it is a light machine gun. If it is used on a tripod and fires automatically for a long time, it is a medium machine gun.

It is possible to fire a light machine gun from the hip, or on the move. This pins down the enemy. Marching fire relies on this. Otherwise, light machine guns are usually fired while lying down and using a bipod. 

Many light machine guns (such as the Bren gun or the M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle) got their ammunition from a magazine. Others, such as the MG 34, could get their ammunition from either a belt or a magazine. Modern light machine guns are designed to fire more bullets that have a smaller caliber. Because of this, they are usually belt-fed.

Light machine guns were first brought into service in World War I to make the infantry more powerful. By the end of World War II, one light machine gun was given to a section or squad. 

Two examples of light machine guns are:


Meiji Seamount

The seamount is also known as "Meiji Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Meiji of Japan.

The last eruption from Meiji seamount was 62 million years ago.



E. E. Cummings

Edward Estlin Cummings (October 14, 1894 – September 3, 1962) or best known as E. E. Cummings was an American poet. He is also known for his works as a painter, essayist, author, and playwright. He had created about 2,900 poems, two autobiographical novels, four plays and several essays. E. E. Cummings had done a lot of drawings as well as paintings. He is best known as the preeminent voice of 20th century poetry. 



Yūryaku Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Yūryaku Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount". 

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Yūryaku of Japan.

The last eruption from Yūryaku seamount was 43 million years ago.



Kimmei Seamount

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Kimmei of Japan.

The last eruption from Kimmei seamount was 40 million years ago. Kimmei was formed at least 47.9 million years ago.



Minister Mentor

Minister Mentor (, ) is a Singapore cabinet position created in 2004 as part of a change in Singapore's political leadership. The reason the government gave for creating this job is that Lee Kuan Yew can still help and advise the government.

The newly appointed Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong (son of Lee Kuan Yew and the next prime minister after Goh Chok Tong), announced Lee Kuan Yew's new together with the naming of his Cabinet on August 12, 2004. Before being appointed as Minister Mentor, Lee Kuan Yew held the post of Senior Minister (1990–2004) in the Cabinet of then Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong. This role of Minister Mentor was considered by some academics to be a sign that Lee Kuan Yew, despite no longer being the Prime Minister of Singapore, still had some power in Singapore's government.

On 14th May 2011, Lee and Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong announced their retirement from the cabinet after General Elections 2011, which had changed Singapore's politics.

The late founding Prime Minister, Mr Lee Kuan Yew was the first and only Minister Mentor of Singapore. 


Double helix

In geometry, a double helix (plural double helices) is two helices with the same axis, but they differ by a translation along the axis. The term is most often used in reference to the nucleic acid double helix, the main structure of nucleic like DNA and RNA.

Cuatro Torres Business Area

Cuatro Torres Business Area is a place in Madrid. "Cuatro Torres" is Spanish. It means "Four Towers" in English. Four skyscrapers were built here between 2006 and 2009. Each building is about 250 m tall. They are the tallest buildings in Spain.


Trillion

A trillion is an integer. It is also written as 10 One trillion is a thousand billion or a million million in most modern English-speaking countries. The number is represented by the prefix “Tera-”. 

In British English, the term trillion used to mean “million billion”, “million million million” or 10. The difference between the two values is known as the long and short scales of large numbers.


Frank Abagnale

Frank William Abagnale, Jr. (born April 27, 1948 in Bronxville, New York City, United States) is an American security consultant. He used to be a check forger, impostor, and escape artist. He had a bad reputation in the 1960s for passing $2.5 million worth of carefully forged checks across 26 countries for five years, beginning when he was 16 years old.

He said he had created at least eight separate identities, pretending to be an airline pilot, a doctor, a prison agent, and a lawyer. He escaped from police custody twice (once from a moving airplane at the airport and once from an American prison), before he was 21 years old.

He served less than five years in prison before starting to work for the American federal (national) government. He is a consultant and lecturer at the academy of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which is the national police of the United States. He also runs Abagnale & Associates, a financial fraud consultancy company.

Abagnale's life story was made into the movie "Catch Me If You Can" directed by Steven Spielberg in 2002 and starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. It is based on the autobiography "Catch Me If You Can" by Frank Abagnale. A Broadway musical "Catch Me If You Can" opened in April 2011 in New York City.

Someone like You (Adele song)

"Someone like You" is the second hit single on Adele's record "21". The song was released in 2011. This was her first number one song in the United Kingdom and her second in the USA. It received positive review by music critics. The song is played only with Adele's voice and piano.

In 2012, the song was certified quintuple-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. "Someone like You" is Adele's third-best selling single in the United States, after "Rolling in the Deep" and "Hello". It reached number 24 on "Billboard"'s Year-End Hot 100 of 2011 and number 43 on the year-end chart for 2012.

The video is shot in black and white and features Adele walking around the streets of Paris. At the end of the video, Adele's romantic interest is shown walking away from her window.

Credits are taken from "21" liner notes.

Source:

Kegon Falls

Kegon Falls (華厳滝 "Kegon no Taki") is a waterfall in Japan in Nikkō National Park in Tochigi Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It is fed by Lake Chūzenji, which is the source of the Oshiri River which flows through this waterfall. The waterfall is high. The Kegon Falls and Nikkō National Park are one of the most famous and popular places in Japan. Thousands of people visit each year. 
In 1927, the Kegon Falls was recognized as one of the "Eight Views" which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

The waterfall is also infamous for suicides, especially among Japanese youth (Werther Effect).


Razor shell

Razor shells, also called razor clams, are bivalves with the shape of an old-fashioned cut-throat razor. They use their shells to work into the sand and hide beneath the surface.

Ensis, of the family Pharidae, is found on sandy beaches in Northern Europe and Eastern Canada, such as Prince Edward Island. "Ensis arcuatus" prefers coarser sand than its relatives "E. ensis" and "E. siliqua".

There is also another family of razor shells, the Solenidae. Some think Solen and "Ensis" are close relatives, and some think they are similar because of convergent evolution. The matter will probably be made clear by sequence analysis in the furure.

The razor shell has been known to reach in length. The dorsal margin is straight while the ventral margin is curved. It can easily be confused with the slightly shorter and more curved "E. ensis" (in which both front and back are curved in parallel).

Razor shells have a fragile shell, with open ends. The shell is smooth on the outside and whitish in color, with vertical and horizontal reddish-brown or purplish-brown markings separated by a diagonal line. The periostracum is olive-green. The inner surface is white with a purple tinge and the foot is creamy white with brown lines .

The razor shell lives under the sand, using its powerful foot to dig to a safe depth. The digging has six stages, repeated. A digging cycle involves the muscular foot (which takes up a large part of the body) and the opening and closing of the valve and one end. 

The foot is inflated hydraulically, and pushed down into the sand to anchor the animal. Deflation of the foot then pulls the shell down. The razor shell also squirts water down into the sand, removing loose sand from its path. The foot exerts a pressure of 2 kg/cm.

The presence of the shell under the sand is revealed by a keyhole-shaped hole in the sand, made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton.

In the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous: eggs and sperms are shed at the same time. In winter and spring consecutive spawns take place, interrupted by periods when more eggs and sperm are produced.

Cockle

Cockles are a group of (mostly) small, edible, saltwater clams. They are marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae. 

They are very common on sandy sheltered beaches throughout the world. The distinctive rounded shells of cockles are symmetrical, and are heart-shaped when viewed from the end. In most genera there are numerous radial ribs (ridges on the shell). The genus "Laevicardium", the egg cockles, have very smooth shells.

The mantle has three openings (inhalant, exhalant, and pedal) for siphoning water and for the foot to stick out. Cockles are capable of 'jumping' by bending and straightening the foot. Cockles burrow using the foot, and feed by filtering plankton from the surrounding water. Some species reach maturity quickly.

Confusingly, the common name "cockle" is also given (by seafood sellers) to a number of other small edible bivalves which have a somewhat similar shape, however these bivalves are in other families such as the Veneridae (Venus clams) and the Arcidae (ark clams). Cockles in the family Cardiidae are sometimes known as "true cockles" in order to distinguish them from these other species.

Wildfire

Wildfire is a general term which includes forest fires, grassland fires, bushfires, brush fires and any other vegetation fire in countryside areas.

Wildfires occur in every continent except Antarctica. They can occur naturally and spontaneously, but many are caused by humans, accidentally or deliberately. Fossil records and human history show that wildfires do occur at intervals. The Great Oxygenation Event and the spread of land plants made Earth a planet of fire.

Wildfires can cause extensive damage to property and human life, but they also have some beneficial effects on wilderness areas. Some plant species depend on the effects of fire for growth and reproduction, although large wildfires may also have negative ecological effects.

Strategies of wildfire prevention, detection, and suppression have varied over the years. One of the more controversial methods is controlled burn: People permit or light small fires to burn away some of the fuel for a potential wildfire. While some wildfires burn in remote forested regions, they can cause extensive destruction of homes and other property in the zone between developed areas and undeveloped wilderness.

Plants in wildfire-prone ecosystems often have adaptations to their local conditions. Such adaptations include physical protection against heat, increased growth after a fire event, and flammable materials that encourage fire and eliminate competition. For example, plants of the genus "Eucalyptus" contain flammable oils that encourage fire and hard sclerophyll leaves that resist heat and drought. This makes them dominant over less fire-tolerant species. Dense bark, shedding lower branches, and high water content in external structures may also protect trees from rising temperatures. Fire-resistant seeds and reserve shoots that sprout after a fire encourage species preservation, as in 'pioneer' species that specialize in restarting ecological succession after a fire.

Smoke, charred wood, and heat can stimulate the germination of seeds. Smoke from burning plants promotes contains orange butenolide, which induces germination of seeds.

Grasslands in Western Sabah, Malaysian pine forests, and Indonesian "Casuarina" forests are believed to have resulted from previous periods of fire. The deadwood litter of Chamise (Californian greasewood shrub) is low in water content and flammable, and the shrub quickly sprouts after a fire. "Sequoia" relies on periodic fires to reduce competition, release seeds from their cones, and clear the soil and canopy for new growth. Some have adapted to, and rely on, low-intensity surface fires for survival and growth. The optimum fire frequency for Caribbean pine in Bahamian pineyards is every 3 to 10 years. Too frequent fires favour herbaceous plants, and infrequent fires favour other tree species.


Bipod

A bipod is a V-shaped portable attachment that helps support and steady a device, usually a weapon such as a long gun or a mortar. The word "bipod" comes from the Latin and Greek words "bi" and "pod". "Bi" means "two" and "pod" means "foot", or "feet". A bipod is sometimes attached to a firearm to help support it. It also makes it more stable. It gives the best stability along two axes of motion: side-to-side and up-and-down. 

On firearms, bipods are often used on rifles and shotguns to allow the gun to rest and stop it from moving. They can also be seen on long-barrelled weapons. The bipod allows the gunner to rest the weapon on the ground, a short wall or other object. This allows for more accuracy. Different types of bipods are set up in different ways. Some bipods are a specific length that can not be changed, but some bipods' length can be changed. Mostly, when bipods are not being used, they are folded forwards, not back towards the gunner. Some types of bipod can fold into grips for the gunner to hold to keep the weapon steady.

When firing a weapon without a bipod, it is harder to aim and keep the weapon steady.
The good thing about having a bipod is that it makes weapons more accurate. At first, the bipod was only used on long-barreled rifles, such as snipers. However, light and heavy machine guns now use them, as well as small pistols.


Emperor Jomei

The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Jomei was a grandson of Emperor Bidatsu and a great-grandson of Emperor Kimmei.

Suiko did not make it clear who was to succeed her after her death.


Jomei's reign lasted 13 years.

The actual place of Jomei's grave is known. This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara. The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Jomei's mausoleum. It is formally named "Osaka no uchi no misasagi".

Some short poems are believed to have been written by Emperor Jomei. For example,


Lawson Inada

Lawson Fusao Inada (born 1938 in Fresno, California) is an American poet and was the fifth poet laureate of the U.S. state of Oregon.

Inada is a third-generation Japanese American ("Sansei"). As a child, Inada and his family were interned during World War II.

Inada became a jazz musician, and this affected his writing. Inada cites jazz and his time in the internment camps as his chief influences as a poet. He studied writing at the University of California, Berkeley, the University of Oregon, and the University of Iowa.

He joined the faculty of Southern Oregon University in 1966.

In 1994, Inada's "Legends from Camp" won an American Book Award; and he was awarded poetry fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts.

In 2006 Inada was named Oregon's poet laureate.





Nobushige Hozumi

Hozumi was appointed to the House of Peers in 1890.

In 1915, he was ennobled with the title of "danshaku" (baron) under the "kazoku" system.

In 1916, Hozumi was named to the Emperor's Privy Council in 1916.

The people of Uwajima city named a bridge in his honor. He was also honored by a Japanese commemorative postage stamp in 1998.



Sport Relief

Sport Relief is a charity event from Comic Relief that happens every two years. It is held in association with BBC Sport. The event brings together the worlds of sport and entertainment to raise money to help vulnerable people in both the UK and the world's poorest countries. At the heart of the campaign is the Sport Relief Mile.



Pope Gregory I

Pope Gregory I (; c. 540 – 12 March 604), better known in English as Gregory the Great, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 64th Pope from 3 September 590 to his death in 604.

Gregory was born in Rome, but the date of his birth is not certain. He was the son of a noble Roman family.

Gregory was elected pope in 590.

Gregory is one of the four original Doctors of the Church, the title given by the Catholic Church to saints for their significant contribution to theology or doctrine through their research study or writing. 

Pope Gregory is venerated as saint and his feast day is celebrated on September 3. 


Casino Marina del Sol

The Casino Marina del Sol is the largest casino in Chile. It is in the city of Talcahuano. It opened in 2005 under a Chilean law allowing casinos. It contains a casino, hotel, gym, spa, disco, museum and car park.



Functional magnetic resonance imaging

Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) is a special type of MRI that makes it possible to watch different areas of a person's brain while they do different tasks.

A functional MRI shows the use of oxygen in different brain areas. The Deoxyhemoglobin in blood absorbs a radiowave signal and later emits it (sends it back out). Oxyhemoglobin does not. When an area of the brain is active, the blood flow to that area increases and more oxyhemoglobin is delivered to supply the active cells with oxygen. This means less of the signal is absorbed. An active area of the brain absorbs and emits less energy than a less active area. This can be seen live as it is happening when different areas of the brain 'light up' on the images as they become less active.




My Prerogative

"My Prerogative" is a song first released in 1988 in the United States and then recorded again in 2004. The earlier version was by Bobby Brown. The 2004 version was by Britney Spears. Other people have covered the song since then. It has been sampled in other songs.

Cultural icon

A cultural icon can be a symbol, logo, picture, name, face, person, building, or other image. It is easily recognized and generally represents an object or idea with great cultural significance to a wide cultural group. It has a special status as representing, or important to, or loved by, a particular group of people, a place, or a period in history.

In the media, many well-known examples of popular culture have been called "iconic". Some writers say that the word is overused.

According to "Times of India":

Brands can show social values and changes, but many people have become tired of them. Many brands want to be cultural icons, but fail. Cultural icons are often timeless, imprinted in our consciousness. They can go through several stages, from "rumblings, undercurrents" via "catharsis, explosion" and "mass acceptance, ripple effect" to "glorification, representative value". While brands are rational and driven by features, cultural icons are emotional, free, driven by feeling, and creating emotional bonds. An example of "branding" might include the wearing of a consistent fashion look by such music stars as Michael Jackson or Elvis Presley, making them instantly recognizable. Royal or church clothing could also be understood as a form of emotional iconography.

Examples include: Andy Warhol, Budweiser, BMW, Chanel, Coca-Cola, Guinness, Harley-Davidson, LEGO, Martha Stewart, Nike, Norman Rockwell, Vuitton, Škoda Auto...

Cultural icons may be national, regional or about a city. And they can be symbols for a nation, or can show the values held by that state. For example, France uses Marianne as a symbol of the French Revolution. Bruce Lee is a symbol for the martial arts and philosophical culture of insight and knowledge in the entire world. Charlie Chaplin symbolises comical action while Clint Eastwood is a symbol for strength and masculinity. Jackie Chan is a global icon of comical stunts and martial arts based action. Salvador Dalí is the worldwide icon for the bizarre and eccentric.

Some writers say that the terms "icon" and "iconic" have been overused. A writer in "Liverpool Daily Post" calls "iconic" "a word that makes my flesh creep", a word "pressed into service to describe almost anything". The "Christian Examiner" added "iconic" and "amazing" to its list of overused words. It found over 18,000 "iconic" references in news stories alone, with another 30,000 for "icon", including use of it for SpongeBob SquarePants.

Further information: Americana



Sciadopitys

Sciadopitys, the Japanese umbrella-pine, is a unique conifer. It is endemic to Japan, and the sole surviving member of the family Sciadopityaceae. It is a living fossil with no close relatives: its fossils date from 230 million years ago.

It is an evergreen tree that can grow 15-27m tall. It's brown main shoots have whorls of 7–12cm long flexible green "cladodes". These look like, and perform the function of, leaves but are actually composed of stem tissue. Occasionally, a cladode will fork and produce a bud in the 'v' of the fork, just like a normal stem.

The cones are 6–11 cm long, mature in about 18 months, and have flattish scales that open to release the seeds.

It is a very attractive tree and is popular in gardens, despite its slow growth rate and high cost. Koyamaki was chosen as the Japanese Imperial crest for Prince Hisahito of Akishino, currently third in line to the Chrysanthemum Throne.

The plant was first introduced to Europe by John Gould Veitch in September 1860.

Infrared microspectroscopy has identified conifers of the family Sciadopityaceae as the principal source of Baltic amber.

General-purpose machine gun

A general-purpose machine gun (GPMG) is a machine gun which gets its ammunition from a belt. It can be used in many different roles: it can support infantry from a bipod or tripod or be put onto a helicopter or armoured vehicle. It can provide fire support for vehicles or infantry from a variety of mounts.

A general-purpose machine gun is generally a medium machine gun. It also fires rifle cartridges like the 7.62×51mm NATO or 7.92x57mm Mauser. It is usually used from a bipod, tripod or on a vehicle. This is because it is usually too powerful and heavy to be fired well on foot or while moving.

Some examples of general-purpose machine guns are:


Yamashiro Province

Kyoto is in the former Yamashiro Province. 

In 794, the capital of Japan was in Yamashiro. It remained in the province until the Imperial court moved to Tokyo in the 1870s.

During the Muromachi Period, the administrative seat of the Ashikaga Shogunate was in this province. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Yamashiro Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The Kamo Shrines were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Yamashiro. These are the Kamigamo Shrine and the Shimogamo Shrine.



Symphyla

Symphyla are soil-dwelling arthropods in the subphylum Myriapoda. 

They are relatives of centipedes. Symphylans look like centipedes, but are smaller and translucent. They move through the pores between soil particles. They are found from the surface down to a depth of about 50 cm. They eat decaying vegetation, and can do harm in agriculture by eating seeds, roots, and root hairs in cultivated soil.

They feed on decayed vegetation.

Pauropod

Pauropods are a type of myriapod. They form the only order in the class Pauropoda. About 500 species in four families are found worldwide, living in soil and leaf mold. 

Pauropoda are tiny soil myriapods, 0.5-1.5mm in length, with 8-11 body segments. The body appears to have fewer segments when viewed from above, because the dorsal shields (tergites) are fused in pairs. The true segments can be seen from the ventral side, each segment bearing a single pair of walking legs. A characteristic feature of pauropods is their branched antennae. 

Defence against herbivory

Defence against herbivory describes plant defences to avoid being eaten. There are many adaptations which improve the survival and reproduction of plants by reducing the effect of herbivores.

Many plants produce chemicals which change the behaviour, growth, or survival of herbivores. These chemical defences can act as repellents or toxins to herbivores, or reduce plant digestibility. Some plants, known as hyperaccumulators, specialise in storing heavy metals which are toxic to animals.

Some plants encourage the presence of natural enemies of herbivores, which in turn protect the plant. Some plants provide a home for ants which defend the plant strongly.

Other defensive strategies used by plants include escaping or avoiding herbivores in time or in place. They may grow where plants are not easily found or got at by herbivores. They may grow when herbivores are not around. Herbivores may get diverted towards non-essential parts, or a plant may be able to recover from the damage caused by herbivory.

Each type of defence can be either "constitutive" (always present in the plant), or "induced" (produced in reaction to damage or stress caused by herbivores). Plants can and do react to damage.

Historically, insects have been the most significant herbivores, especially the larvae of insects. The evolution of land plants is closely associated with the evolution of insects. While most plant defences are directed against insects, other defences have evolved that are aimed at vertebrate herbivores, such as birds and mammals.

The study of plant defences against herbivory is important, not only from an evolutionary viewpoint, but also because these defences can be used in agriculture, including human and livestock food sources.

Plant chemicals have evolved to affect insects. Some of these biochemical pathways exist in vertebrates, including humans. Many pharmaceuticals are got from the chemicals plants use to protect themselves from herbivores. Examples are opium, aspirin, cocaine, and atropine.

Pyrrolizidine alkaloids are produced by plants as a defence mechanism against insect herbivores. More than 660 PAs and PA N-oxides have been identified in over 6,000 plants. About half of them exhibit hepatotoxicity, that is, they attack liver function.

The earliest land plants evolved from aquatic plants around 450 million years ago (mya) in the Ordovician period. These early land plants had no vascular tissue and needed free water for their reproduction. Vascular plants appeared later and their diversification began in the Devonian era (about 400 mya). They had adaptations such as protective coating to reduce evaporation from their tissues.

Reproduction and dispersal of vascular plants in these dry conditions was got by the evolution of specialized seed structures. The diversification of flowering plants (angiosperms) during the Cretaceous period is associated with a sudden burst of speciation in insects. This diversification of insects represented a major selective force in plant evolution. It led to the selection of plants that had defensive adaptations. Early insect herbivores bit or chewed vegetation; but the evolution of vascular plants lead to the co-evolution of other forms of herbivory, such as sap-sucking, leaf mining, gall forming and nectar-feeding.

Our understanding of herbivory in geological time comes from three sources: 

Long thought to be a Mesozoic phenomenon, evidence for herbivory is found almost as soon as fossils which could show it. Within under 20 million years of the first fossils of sporangia and stems towards the close of the Silurian, around 420 mya, there is evidence that they were being eaten. Animals fed on the spores of early Devonian plants, and the Rhynie chert also provides evidence that organisms fed on plants using a "pierce and suck" technique. Many plants of this time are preserved with spine-like growths, which may have had a defensive role.

During the ensuing 75 million years, plants evolved a range of more complex organs – from roots to seeds. There was a gap of 50 to 100 million years between each organ evolving, and it being fed upon. Hole feeding and skeletonization are recorded in the early Permian, with surface fluid feeding evolving by the end of that period.

Herbivores depend on plants for food, and have evolved mechanisms to get this food despite the evolution of many plant defences. Herbivore adaptations to plant defence have been likened to "offensive traits". They are adaptations which allow increased feeding and use of a host plant. Relationships between herbivores and their host plants often results in reciprocal evolutionary change, called co-evolution.

When a herbivore eats, it eats plants that do not mount a sufficient defensive response. This creates the opportunity for plants which "can" mount a defence. So plants with defences become the more common. In cases where this relationship demonstrates "specificity" (the evolution of each trait is due to the other), and "reciprocity" (both traits evolve), the species are thought to have co-evolved.

The "escape and radiation" mechanism for co-evolution is the idea that adaptations in herbivores and their host plants have been the driving force behind speciation. The adaptations have played a role in the radiation of insect species during the age of angiosperms. Some herbivores have evolved ways to hijack plant defences to their own benefit, by sequestering (keeping) these chemicals and using them to protect themselves from predators.

Most of the plants which defend their leaves so vigorously nevertheless do need some animals. Up to 98% of flowering plants in tropical lowland rain forests rely on animals for pollination and seed dispersal.



Wheeling Tunnel

The Wheeling Tunnel is a pair of tunnels in Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia. The tunnels allow Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 250 to go through Wheeling Hill. Each tunnel has two lanes of each road.

The tunnel is run by the West Virginia Division of Highways. Opened in 1966, the Wheeling Tunnel cost $6.9 million to build. It was rebuilt between 2007 and 2010 for $13.7 million. In 2009, an average of 59,600 cars used the tunnel every day.

The Wheeling Tunnel is between exits 1A and 1B on Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 250. These two highways use the same road through the city of Wheeling to go through Wheeling Hill. People who need to use exit 1A at the western end of the tunnels use the tunnels' right lanes as acceleration (speeding up) and deceleration (slowing down) lanes. Changing lanes is not allowed inside the tunnel.

Several accidents involving semi-trailer trucks caused local politicians to try to ban trucks from the tunnel. Their plan would have the trucks use the nearby I-470.

A total of 13,000 square feet (1,200 m) of industrial tile was used to cover the inside of the tunnels. The tunnels cost $6.9 million (which is the same as $ million in 2024) to build. The then-governor of West Virginia, William Wallace Barron, and the state roads commissioner started construction on the tunnel on August 22, 1963. Barron said it was the largest single building project in the state's Interstate Highway program. The state gave the construction contract to C.J. Langenfelder & Son, Inc. in Baltimore, Maryland. During construction, several workers became sick after breathing a lot of carbon monoxide. As a result, the company stopped construction in 1964 until fans were installed. The tunnel officially opened to traffic on December 7, 1966.

The West Virginia Division of Highways began planning to rebuild the tunnel in 2005. Rebuilding began in January 2007. The plan allowed three months for the work. However, rebuilding of the eastbound tunnel took over eleven months. There were problems with the glue that attached the tiles to the tunnel wall. Problems with drains in the tunnel also caused delays. Workers found a coal mine in the tunnel. This also delayed the project.

Local officials suggested closing the tunnels because of these problems. They planned to just build a road over Wheeling Hill instead. Building the new road would have removed at least fifty families from their homes. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was against this plan because those people's houses would be destroyed. The state canncelled the plan for the new road. Rebuilding of the eastbound tunnel started again in July 2008.

During this rebuilding of the eastbound tunnel, the westbound tunnel was only closed overnight for rebuilding. New guard rails, fire sprinklers, and security cameras were added. The whole tunnel was also cleaned very well. Workers put a new road surface in the tunnel. A German tile maker replaced the tiles. The German company got the contract because no other company could finish the work on time. The company finished rebuilding the eastbound tunnel on October 31, 2008. The state closed the westbound tunnel in February 2010. It opened a month ahead of schedule in September 2010. The total cost of the project was over double the original plan. It totaled $13.7 million because of the delays.


Postgenderism

Postgenderism means 'beyond gender'.

The word is used to describe the idea, the social current or the evolution that fades or gets rid of gender and/or sex in humans and society.

It is also used to describe a set of social norms or a persons identity that goes beyond classical gender and sex-determinations and places them in the past, let them fade or dissapear.

Postgenderism argues that marking people into different sex of gender groups and gender roles is not needed and results in a limitation on the possibilities of people and what they can achieve in life.

It foresees that gender will disappear with humans that don't want this, as a result of always changing ways the human species organises their lives and as a result of new technology advances.

Kawachi Province

Kawachi province was established in the 7th century. In the 8th century, Izumi was separated from the older province during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Kawachi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hiraoka jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kawachi. 



Karl Friedrich Schinkel

Karl Friedrich Schinkel (13 March 1781 – 9 October 1841) was a Prussian architect, city planner, and painter. He also designed furniture and stage sets. Schinkel was one of the most importat architects of Germany and designed both neoclassical and neogothic buildings.

Schinkel was born in Neuruppin, Brandenburg. When he was six, his father died in Neuruppin's disastrous fire. He became a student of architect Friedrich Gilly (1772–1800) (the two became close friends) and his father, David Gilly, in Berlin. He made a trip to Italy in 1805. Then he started to earn his living as a painter.He worked for the stage and created in 1816 a star-spangled backdrop for the appearance of the "Königin der Nacht" in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's opera "The Magic Flute". When he saw Caspar David Friedrich's painting "Wanderer above the Sea of Fog" at the 1810 Berlin art exhibition he decided that he would never reach such mastery of painting and turned to architecture. After Napoleon's defeat, Schinkel worked at the Prussian Building Commission. In this position, he was not only responsible for reshaping the city of Berlin into a representative capital for Prussia, but also had to work projects in the expanded Prussian territories from the Rhineland in the west to Königsberg in the east.

From 1808 to 1817 Schinkel renovated and reconstructed "Schloss Rosenau", Coburg, in the Gothic Revival style.

Schinkel's style was more influenced by Greek than by than Imperial Roman architecture. His most famous buildings are found in and around Berlin. These include Neue Wache (1816–1818), the Schauspielhaus (1819–1821) at the Gendarmenmarkt, which replaced the earlier theater that was destroyed by fire in 1817, and the Altes Museum (old museum, see photo) on Museum Island (1823–1830).

Later, Schinkel moved away from classicism altogether and preferred the Gothic Revival style. 
Schinkel died in Berlin, Brandenburg.

Schinkel, however, is famous as well for his theoretical work and his architectural drafts. Some of his merits are best shown in his unexecuted plans for the transformation of the Athenian Acropolis into a royal palace for the new Kingdom of Greece and for the erection of the Orianda Palace in the Crimea. These and other designs may be studied in his "Sammlung architektonischer Entwürfe" (1820–1837) and his "Werke der höheren Baukunst" (1840–1842; 1845–1846). He also designed the famed Iron Cross medal of Prussia, and later Germany.


Hey, Soul Sister

"Hey, Soul Sister" is a hit song under the musical group Train. The single was released in August 11, 2009 as the lead single on Train's fifth studio album "Save Me, San Francisco". This song peaked at number 3 on Billboard Hot 100 and is Train's highest and its most commercially successful song, though the single was not eligible for any Grammy Award in the General Field.

Hardwood

Hardwood is wood from deciduous trees and broad-leaf evergreen trees. All hardwoods are angiosperms (flowering plants), the largest group of land plants.

Hardwood is contrasted to softwood, which comes from conifers, cone bearing seed plants. Hardwoods are not always harder than softwoods, balsa wood being an example of this. Hardwood trees are more varied than softwoods and there are about 100 times more species of hardwood than there are softwoods. Hardwoods usually have broad leaves. Hardwoods all have enclosed nuts or seeds, where softwoods are gymnosperms, naked seed plants.leis
Each species of hardwood has its own set of properties, however they have some properties in common. Hardwoods normally have broad leaves and come from deciduous or broad-leafed evergreen trees. Hardwoods grow slower than softwoods. Evergreen softwoods grow faster than deciduous hardwoods, and can grow to a larger size. Some hardwoods are excellent for carving. One of the hardest hardwoods is black ironwood which is recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records as the heaviest wood. Ironwoods are so dense that they sink in water rather than float as other woods do.

The properties of the wood are caused by its structure. Hardwoods have a denser structure, which is the reason they are usually harder and heavier. Hardwood has xylem vessels which are used to transport water. Their cell walls are strongly lignified: lignin is a hard material used to support plants above the surface. The quantity of lignin is probably the main factor in their hardness.

Softwoods have a vascular structure which looks similar to a bunch of drinking straws held together. They also have lignin, but of a slightly different type, and less of it than most hardwoods.

Common species of hardwood found in the USA, and Europe. Many species are also found in other areas of the world. This is not a complete list of all hardwood trees. 
The use of hardwood is much reduced in the modern world. The destruction of tropical and temperate forests has made it expensive and scarce. Many things once made of hardwood are now made of ceramics, plastic or softwood.

Hardwoods are often used to make items that get used a lot because of their density. These items include furniture, flooring, and utensils. They are also used in construction. Hardwoods are also less likely to decay or rot than softwoods. Furniture made by hardwood joinery is more expensive than that made from softwoods.

Utensils for use in preparing food can include things such as the vessel in the gallery below used by the Ede people to grind corn and grains for food. Other utensils include: spoons, chopsticks, bowls, plates and cups. Because of the dense nature of the wood used such a vessel can be used for many years without breaking. Other examples include the handle of the Luzon knife seen in the gallery. Because of the nature of sound transmission provide a good wood for musical instruments such as violins, guitars, pianos and hand drums such as the Djembe drum pictured in the gallery below.

Flooring is often made of hardwood because it can stand up to years of people walking on it with their shoes. An example is the flooring made from tiger-wood seen in the gallery below. Hardwoods are also used to make wood veneers to glue over other, cheaper woods, making them less expensive than solid hardwood while still giving them the appearance of a particular species of wood. This has become a common way of using tropical hardwoods that have a limited supply of trees due to deforestation occurring in many tropical countries. In Europe, hardwoods account for 29% and softwoods 71% of wood consumption. Hardwood has very short fibers about 1mm in length and is so also used to make fine paper such as writing paper, tissue, and printing paper. Paper with longer fibers such as paper bags, cardboard and shipping containers is made of softwoods.

A variety of objects made from different types of hardwood.




HM Prison Pentridge

HM Prison Pentridge was an Australian prison built in 1850 in Coburg, Victoria. The first prisoners arrived in 1851. The prison was closed on 1 May 1997.

Pentridge was often known by the nicknames "The Bluestone College", "Coburg College" or the "College of Knowledge". The grounds were originally landscaped by renowned landscape gardener Hugh Linaker. Since closing, much of the prison has been pulled down to make way for a housing development. Large buildings have been built and a 16 floor modern apartment block is being planned.

The northern section of the prison being developed by Valad Property Group and the other areas by Pentridge Village. The National Trust does not like the development plans approved by Heritage Victoria. These plans include taking down sections of the outside walls and building apartments between the historic prison buildings.

The prison was split into many divisions, named using letters of the alphabet.


Jika Jika, opened in 1980 at a cost of AU$7 million. It was a 'gaol within a gaol', designed to hold Victoria's toughest and longest serving prisoners. It was awarded the 'Excellence in Concrete Award' by the Concrete Institute of Australia. It was closed after the deaths of five prisoners in 1987.

Jika Jika had six separate units each at the end of radiating spines. It had electronic doors, closed–circuit television and remote locking. This meant it could use less staff but still have maximum security. The furnishings were sparse and prisoners exercised in escape proof yards.

In 1983 four prisoners escaped from ‘escape proof’ Jika Jika. When two prison officers were disciplined in relation to the Jika Jika escape a week–long strike occurred.

Inmates Robert Wright, Jimmy Loughnan, Arthur Gallagher, David McGauley and Ricky Morris – from one side of the unit – and Craig 'Slim' Minogue and three other inmates on the other side sealed off their section doors with a tennis net. Mattresses and other bedding were then stacked against the doors and set on fire. They covered windows in the day room with paper so the prison officers could not see which prisoners caused the damage.

Prisoners Robert Wright, Jimmy Loughnan, Arthur Gallagher, David McGauley and Ricky Morris died in the fire. Convicted Russell Street bomber Craig Minogue and three other inmates survived as they were evacuated when the fire started.

The graves of executed prisoners were unmarked in a corner of the prison. In 1929, 32 bodies were moved from the Melbourne Gaol during the building of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. These graves were found in 2008. The skeleton of bushranger Ned Kelly was among those discovered.

There were 11 executions at Pentridge. The gallows beam and the trapdoor were moved from the Melbourne Gaol and put into "D" Division in 1924.

When the gaol was closed, the beam and the trapdoor were taken back to the Melbourne Gaol to be part of its historical display.

Ronald Ryan was the last man executed at Pentridge Prison and in Australia. Ryan was hanged in "D" Division at 8.00 on 3 February 1967. He had been convicted of murdering a prison officer during an escape from the same prison. Later that day, Ryan's body was buried in an unmarked grave within the "D" Division. There is still debate about his hanging.






Michael Chabon

Michael Chabon (born May 24, 1963) is an American author. His first novel was called "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" and published in 1988. Chabon was 25 years old. The book made him famous among writers. He has also written genre fiction. Chabon published "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay" in 2000. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2001. 

Michael Chabon was born in Washington, DC to Robert Chabon, a physician and lawyer, and Sharon Chabon, a lawyer. He knew he wanted to be a writer when he was a child. He studied at Carnegie Mellon University for a year before transferring to the University of Pittsburgh. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree there in 1984. Then Chabon went to graduate school at the University of California, Irvine and earned a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing.

In 1987, Chabon married the poet Lollie Groth. They divorced in 1991, and he married the writer Ayelet Waldman in 1993.







Izumi Province

Izumi Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Izumi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōtori Shrine" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Izumi.



Settsu Province

The ancient capital city of the province was Osaka.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Settsu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Sumiyoshi taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Settsu.



Chloris

Chloris ("Khloris" or Χλωρίς, from "Khloros" or χλωρός, meaning "greenish-yellow," "pale green," "pale," or "fresh") refers to several figures in Greek mythology. Some stories refer to different characters. Others refer to the same Chloris, but have different details.

Chloris was a Nymph. She represented spring, flowers and new growth. Her Roman equivalent was the goddess Flora. She was kidnapped by and later married Zephyr.

Meliboea was one of Niobe and Amphion's fourteen children, and the only one not killed when Artemis and Apollo killed the children as revenge. Meliboea was so scared by this that she turned permanently pale. She changed her name to Chloris ("pale one").

She later married Neleus and became queen in Pylos.

Chloris married the seer Ampyx (son of Elatus). She had a child called Mopsus, who also became a famous seer and later joined the Argonauts.

Portable Network Graphics

Portable Network Graphics (often shortened to PNG) is a bitmapped image format that uses lossless data compression.

Their most common use is within transparent images, as it does support an alpha channel along with a 16-bit color channel.

It is commonly used on the internet due to its high quality to size ratio. 

Curaçao

Curaçao is an island country in the Caribbean Sea. It is one of the ABC islands and is just a short distance north of the Venezuelan Paraguaná Peninsula, and it forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Willemstad is the capital of Curaçao.

The largest ethnic group belongs to the Afro-Caribbean group with about 85% of the entire population (also includes mulattos). The remaining 15% are people of mainly European (mainly Dutch) descent, but there are also Indonesians, Colombians, Venezuelans, and others.

Papiamentu, Dutch, and English are the three official languages of Curaçao. Papiamentu is by far the most spoken language while sizable minorities speak the other two official languages.

Curaçao has a tropical climate. The temperatures are usually constant. The trade winds bring cool breeze during the day and the same trade winds bring warmth during the night. The coolest month is January with an average of 26°C in temperature and the warmest month is September with an average temperature of 28.9 °C (84 °F). The year's average maximum temperature is 31°C. The year's average minimum temperature is about 25°C.

The island broke off from the Netherlands Antilles in 2010. It has a very long history set all the way back to the 1800s.

Ox Mountain

Ox Mountain () is a story by the Chinese philosopher Mencius. In his time this mountain was in very bad shape, and everybody knew how it looked. Here is the story:

Mencius said, "The woods on Ox Mountain were once beautiful! On account of its being on the edge of a large country, it had been attacked with axes and hatchets, and then how could it remain beautiful? The refreshing breezes of day and night, and the moisture provided by rain and fog, did not fail to give rise to sprouts of vegetation. But cows and sheep have been repeatedly pastured there, and for that reason it has remained desolate. People observe its denuded state and assume that it never had any good resources. But how could this state be the true nature of this mountain?" — "Mencius", 6A:8

Mencius argued that "bad" human natures were produced just as the bad condition of Ox Mountain had been produced, so the answer to "bad" humans was to protect and nurture them from birth. He also thought that punishment does not do much good. It does not cure the root of the problem.

Human zoo

A human zoo was an exhibition that showed people from other cultures. Very often, this was done in similar ways than animals are shown in zoological gardens today. Most such exhibitions were done between 1870 and 1940. Human zoos attracted many people in Europe. They were often based on the idea of unilinealism, scientific racism and social Darwinism. Unilinealism or unilineal evolution is the idea that evolution happens only in one direction; some animal will be "at the peak" of evolution. Because of these ideas, some human zoos placed indigenous people (particularly Africans) in a continuum somewhere between the great apes and humans of European descent. Ethnographic zoos have since been criticized as highly degrading and racist.

Usually, these exhibitions were made to follow stereotypes. These used ideas from racism.

Rye Beach, New Hampshire

Rye Beach is a community in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. It used to be called Pannaway. It is along the Atlantic Ocean. It is in Rye, New Hampshire, United States. It is along New Hampshire Route 1A, near the south of a town named "Rye". 

In the community, there is a hostel. It is called the "Ocean house" and it was built in 1884. When it was built, it was small, but over time, it reached 4 stories and it had room for 250 guests. It was called the Philbrick Hotel when it was first built, but an Admiral called David Farragut visited the hotel, so it sometimes was called "Farragut House".

Dan Wheldon

Daniel Clive Wheldon (22 June 1978 – 16 October 2011) was a British motor racing driver. He was the 2005 Indy Racing League IndyCar Series champion. He was also the winner of the Indianapolis 500 in 2005 and 2011. He was killed at the age of 33, in a 15-car crash at the IZOD IndyCar World Championship.

Wheldon was born in Emberton, near Olney, Buckinghamshire, England. He started go-kart racing at the age of four. At the beginning of his career in open wheel racing, he had a rivalry with Jenson Button before he left the United Kingdom to start racing in the United States. He moved to the U.S. because he thought the chance for success there were greater than in the UK. He moved to the United States in 1999. He spent many years racing in lower open-wheeled circuits like the U.S. F2000 Championship Series, the Toyota Atlantic series and the Indy Lights series before moving to a higher series.

In 2002, Wheldon moved up to the IRL IndyCar Series for two races. He drove for Panther Racing with his teammate Sam Hornish Jr. In 2003, he joined Andretti Green Racing, winning the Rookie of the Year award. In 2004, he won his first IRL race at Twin Ring Motegi in Japan. He finished the 2004 season second in points with three wins.

In 2005, Wheldon won the Indianapolis 500. He finished the season first in points winning the IndyCar Series championship. He won six races during the season, breaking the record for most victories in one season. In November 2005, it was made known that Wheldon would be driving for Chip Ganassi Racing in the IndyCar Series in 2006. He went on to drive for Chip Ganassi Racing in the 24 Hours of Daytona, winning the race with Ganassi teammates Scott Dixon and Ganassi NASCAR driver Casey Mears.

Wheldon began the 2006 IndyCar season by winning the race at Homestead–Miami Speedway. This was a sombre race, as Paul Dana had died earlier while practising for the race. At the end of the 2006 IndyCar season, he and Sam Hornish Jr. were tied for the lead in the points. They both had 475 points. Hornish had four wins for the 2006 season, and Wheldon only had two. Because Hornish had more wins than Wheldon, he was made the 2006 Indy Car Champion.

The BMW Sauber Formula One team gave Wheldon the chance to drive for them, but he turned down their offer. They could not give him a ride for the whole season, so he decided to continue to focus on Indy.
On 22 June 2008, Wheldon won his 15th IndyCar Series race in the Iowa Corn Indy 250. He donated all of the money he won to help the victims of the tornadoes and flooding which had just happened in Iowa.

On 2 September 2008, Wheldon left Chip Ganassi Racing. He was replaced by Dario Franchitti. He had chosen to return to Panther Racing. He finished second in the 2009 Indianapolis 500. However, Wheldon did not finish in the top 10 in seven of the last eight races of the year. The next year, he ran well again at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, finishing second. He finished the 2009 season 9th in the series points. He ran well with Panther racing in 2009 but he did not win a race during his time with the team. Panther Racing decided to replace Wheldon with J. R. Hildebrand. He raced in the 2011 Indianapolis 500 with Bryan Herta Autosport, winning the race after J. R. Hildebrand crashed going into the final turn. He was very emotional after winning the race. He did not have a ride for the rest of the season. He was also worried about his mother who had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He dedicated his win to his mother. It was his first series win in three seasons.

On 16 October 2011, Wheldon was part of a 15-car wreck on lap 11 of the IZOD IndyCar World Championship at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. His car went into the air and hit the catch fence. He was taken by helicopter to the hospital. When he was taken to the hospital, he was declared dead from blunt force trauma to the head. He was 33. He is buried at the Calvary Catholic Cemetery in Clearwater, Florida.

Wheldon was a guest star in the voice cast for the TV series "Hot Wheels Battle Force 5".

Wheldon married his long-time personal assistant, Susie Behm, in 2008. The couple had two sons, Sebastian (born 1 February 2009) and Oliver (born 19 March 2011). His family lives in St. Petersburg, Florida.


Ise Province

The province had borders with Iga, Kii, Mino, Ōmi, Owari, Shima, and Yamato.

When the province was created in 646, its capital city was Uji-Yamada. 

Before Nara period, Ise Shrine, the holiest Shinto shrine was established in this province and here is introduced by a word "Kamukaze" in waka rhetorics in the Nara period. In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Ise.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Ise Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The World War II Japanese battleship "Ise" was named after this province.

"Tsubakiōkamiyashiro" ("Tusbaki jinja/Nakato jinja") was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") for the province. 


Iga Province

The province had borders with Ise, Ōmi, Yamato, and Yamashiro.

The capital city of the province was Ueno, also called Iga-Ueno.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iga Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Iga is a small mountain ringed basin (the Ueno basin) in the center of the Kansai region.

"Aekuni jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iga.



Curing salt

Curing salt (or pink salt or Prague powder #1) is mixture of salt and sodium nitrate that is used to preserve or cure meats or in the making of sausages. It contains 93.75% table salt and 6.25% sodium nitrite. The sodium nitrite in curing salt is used to stop the growth of "Clostridium botulinum" in order to prevent botulism. Curing salt may be dyed pink preventing it from being confused with table salt.


Ferdinand VI of Spain

Ferdinand VI (Fernando; 23 September 1713 – 10 August 1759) was a King of Spain July 1746 until his death in 1759 aged 49 He was the fourth son of the previous monarch Philip V and his first wife Maria Luisa of Savoy. The third Bourbon to rule Spain, he died childless and his half brother Charles became king. 

Born at the Royal Alcazar (Royal Palace) of Madrid, he was the youngest son of Philip V of Spain and his wife Queen Maria Luisa. His parents enjoyed a loving relationship, Ferdinand being their fourth child. However, his mother died in 1714 and the king married again, this time to Elisabeth Farnese, a niece of the Duke of Parma. Queen Elisabeth was a domineering woman who ruled her husband. As such, the new queen would have a further seven children including Ferdinand's own successor Charles III. Ferdinand was by temperament melancholy, shy and distrustful of his own abilities. When complimented on his shooting, he replied, "It would be hard if there were not something I could do." Shooting and music were his only pleasures, and he was the generous patron of the famous singer Farinelli, whose voice soothed his melancholy. As the younger son, his brother Louis, Prince of Asturias was heir to the throne. However, Louis died aged sixteen in 1724 having reigned for a mere eight months. As such Ferdinand became Prince of Asturias and heir to the throne. 

On 20 January 1729, Ferdinand married Barbara of Portugal, daughter of John V of Portugal and Maria Anna of Austria. This marriage further cemented a union with Portugal who had engaged Barbara's brother to Ferdinand's half sister. The very homely looks of his wife were thought by observers to cause the prince a visible shock when he was first presented to her. Yet he became deeply attached to his wife, and proved in fact nearly as adoring of her as his father was of Queen Maria Luisa.

When he came to the throne, Spain found itself in the War of the Austrian Succession which ended without any benefit to Spain. He started his reign by getting rid of the influence of the widow Queen Elisabeth and her Italian courtiers. As king he followed a firm policy of neutrality in the war between France and Britain, and refused to be tempted to join the war by the offers of either. The most important tasks during the reign of Ferdinand VI were carried out by the Marquis of Ensenada, the Secretary of the Treasury, Navy and Indies. He suggested that the state help modernise the country. To him, this was necessary to maintain a position of outward strength so that France and Great Britain would consider Spain as an ally without supposing Spain's renunciation of its claim to Gibraltar. Plans for modernising Spain included a new Treasury; the stimulation of commerce in the Americas; modernising the Navy; improving relations with the church and ensuring cultural progress. 

The death of his wife Barbara, who had been devoted to him, and who carefully abstained from political intrigue, broke his heart. Between the date of her death in August 1758 and his own in August 1759, he fell into a state of prostration in which he would not even dress, but wandered unshaven, unwashed and in a nightgown around his park. He was buried at the Convent of the Salesas Reales, Spain.


Neue Wache

The Neue Wache () is a building in central Berlin, the capital of Germany. It is located on the north side of the Unter den Linden. The Neue Wache was designed by the architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel, was built in 1816 and is a leading example of German neoclassicism. Originally it was built as a guardhouse for the troops of the Crown Prince of Prussia, the building has been used as a war memorial since 1931.

King Frederick William III of Prussia ordered the construction of the Neue Wache as a guard house for the nearby Palace of the Crown Prince, to replace the old Artillery Guard House. He commissioned Schinkel, the leading exponent of neoclassicism in architecture, to design the building: this was Schinkel's first major commission in Berlin.


Transitivity (grammar)

Transitivity in grammar is about whether a verb has an object or not. A transitive verb has an object; an intransitive verb does not. Examples:

A transitive verb is an action verb. It expresses something doable (something possible to do). The direct object is something or someone who is the receiver of the action (verb). In the first two examples above, the 'trip' and the 'book' are the direct objects. 'Enjoyed' and 'read' are the transitive verbs.

Audio description

Audio description is an explanation for visually impaired or blind people of television, dance, opera, movies, museums or other visual art. A narrator makes a description of what's happening, usually when nobody is talking. 

The first talking picture ever shown especially for the blind was a 1929 screening of "Bulldog Drummond" for members of the New York Association for the Blind and New York League for the Hard of Hearing, which had a live description for the visually-impaired people.

Descriptive video service which was started by the Public Broadcasting Service is used for the DVDs of certain movies as part of the audio description.

Teak

Teak is the common name for the tropical hardwood tree "Tectona grandis" and its wood products. "Tectona grandis" is native to south and southeast Asia and grows in many countries. It has been introduced to Africa and the Caribbean. Burma produces nearly one third of the world's total teak.

The word teak comes from the Malayalam word "theka" or "tekka". This tree is mentioned in the seventh-century literature of the Tamil language known as the Tevaram.

"Tectona grandis" is a large deciduous tree that is dominant in mixed hardwood forests. It has small, fragrant white flowers and papery leaves that are often hairy on the lower surface.

Reel-to-reel tape recorders

Reel-to-reel tape recorders (often called R2R, open reel decks, etc.) were used during the 20th century, mostly in professional studios from the 1940s and quickly spread into people’s homes in the 1950s and 1960s. Popularity peaked in the 1970s, probably because people needed higher quality recordings. This technology was like a revolution, because everyone could record any kind of sound (vinyl records, radio broadcast, voice and music), then play it many times without the quality getting worse, and they could overwrite it many times. This technology has some weak points though: size of reels, sensibility, durability; but still, it has certain advantages over today’s “digital media formats.” Also, some famous bands and artists used reel to reel technology as a musical instrument or even as a separate band.

These reel to reel decks are usually analogue sound devices using a magnetic tape of ¼ inch (i.e. 6.25 cm) width. This plastic tape is covered by a special magnetic substance which is being made into magnetic domains when it is being recorded. The tape recorder must have a record, playback and an erase head which transfer the signal onto the tape. The more expensive tape decks have three or six separate heads. Tape recorders combine knowledge both on mechanics and electronics. There must be very precise motors and moving parts, but also a complicated circuit board. It has to contain transistors, amplifiers etc.

The usual functions of tape recorders are:


These functions can be handled mechanically (system of rubber belts and metal levers), or electronically (magnets, coils, integrated circuits).

The tape speed is one of the things that finds out the playback time. This table gives information on tape speed and the playback time with an 18 cm reel.

There were many producers during the era of tape recorders, such as Sony, Akai, Revox, Teac, Pioneer, Technics, Tesla and many others. These producers usually had several product series', which were different in price and functions. The best ones had digital programmable counters, reverse mechanic, electronic buttons, they could use big reels (such as 26.5 cm). There was also a big selection of tape producers – Maxell, Basf (Emtec), Quantegy, Agfa, etc.

There were only a few producers of tape recorders in Czechoslovakia. The most important was Tesla, n.p. The main development was realized in Tesla Pardubice, but the mass production was held in Tesla Přelouč. Product numbers were in thousands pieces and tens of model lines. One of the most popular decks was monophonic "Tesla Sonet Duo" (1959). It was compact, portable and reliable. The collectors of Tesla decks agree that probably the most progressive model was "Tesla B73 Hi-Fi Stereo" (1978) which provided the principles to the later models. The supreme models were "Tesla B115", "B116" (1981) and "Tesla CM130", "CM160" (1986) which were able to compete with similar models made by world’s producers. Still, there were (political) restrictions, so the best ideas and solutions could not be realized. The manufacture finished in 1990 as this technology turned out to be out-of-date.

In the 1960s and 1970s, tape recorders were used to store programs and data. They record data as a sequence of tones of certain frequency. Nowadays, this method is used only to create backups, because the data rate of magnetic tape is very low.

Gym Class Heroes

Gym Class Heroes are an American hip hop band from Geneva, New York. They are associated with other musicians, including but not limited to Patrick Stump and Adam Levine of Maroon 5. On their album "As Cruel as School Children" is the song "Cupid's Chokehold", which samples "Breakfast in America" by Supertramp. The band's lead singer is Travie McCoy.

Artificial cranial deformation

Artificial cranial deformation, also known as head flattening or head binding is when the skull of a human is changed permanently, and on purpose. It is done by changing how a child's skull grows by putting force on the skull. Flat shapes, long shapes and round shapes can be used to do this. It is done on young children. This is because the skull is easier to shape at this time. Usually, the shape that will be used to change the skull is attached about a month after the baby is born. It stays on for around six months after this.

The practice has been most often used in native societies in the Americas, but there are examples from Asia and Europe. The Toulouse deformation was caused by wrapping the head of the newborn, possible to protect it from damage. In pre-modern societies the practice was surprisingly common. 
In most cases the reasons for the practice is not known.


Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination

Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination is an international treaty (agreement between countries) against racism and racial segregation as one of the series of international human rights law. The United Nations adopted the convention on 21 December 1965 in response to the apartheid policy of South Africa at that time. It came into effect on 4 January 1969. As of April 2019, 88 countries agreed to follow the rules of the Convention, and 190 countries agree in principle.

The Convention defines what racial discrimination is, so that every country in the treaty can agree on how to define discrimination. In Article 1 (the first agreement in the treaty) that racial discrimination is: "any distinction, exclusion, restriction or preference based on race, colour, descent, or national or ethnic origin which has the purpose or effect of nullifying ["getting rid of"] or impairing the recognition, enjoyment or exercise, on an equal footing, of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political, economic, social, cultural or any other field of public life."

Article 4 of the Convention forbids encouraging any type of racism including hate speech and discrimination. If a country agrees to the Convention, they must make hate speech and participation in hate groups illegal. To make sure that countries follow this rule, the Convention also introduced Article 14, which allows complaints of discrimination to be heard by a committee. Article 14 gives a person, or group of people, from any country who have suffered any discrimination against them because of their race, the right to submit a claim to a committee of the United Nations. These complaints can influence the law in the countries of the people making complaints. 

The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is a body of human rights experts who monitor the implementation of the Convention. Eighteen independent human rights experts are members. They are elected for four-year terms, with half the members elected every two years. Nations that joined the treaty elect members by secret ballot. Each nation is allowed to nominate someone from its nation to run for election to the Committee.

Nations that have joined the treaty must submit regular reports to the Committee telling the legislative [l"ega"l], judicial ["court-based"], policy and other measures they have taken to give effect to the Convention. The first report is due within a year of the Convention being used in a country; afterwards, reports are due every two years or whenever the Committee requests. The Committee carefully reads each report and discusses its concerns and recommendations to the nation in the form of "concluding observations."

The Committee typically meets every March and August in Geneva.



International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is a treaty made by the United Nations. It is to help civil rights get better.

The rights are listed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. It is one of the most important treaties in international human rights law. The Covenant was adopted on 16 December 1966 with the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. It was put into force in 1976. The United Nations set up the Committee on Civil and Political Rights (CCPR) to carry out the treaty.


This Covenant has two optional protocols. One of them is to allow a citizen whose rights have been violated to claim before the CCPR. The other is to prohibit the death penalty. There are countries which ignore, or do not agree with, the optional protocols.



International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights is a treaty made by the United Nations to ensure that the 
economic, social and cultural rights are affirmed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. It is one of the most important treaties on the international human rights law. This Covenant was adopted in 1966 together with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and entered into force in 1976.




Economic, social and cultural rights

Economic, social and cultural rights are a part of human rights. In an important United Nations treaty called The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the countries in the United Nations agreed that every person in the world should have these rights. Some examples of these rights include:
These rights were already listed in the United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights. However, they were included again in the International Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights to make sure that giving people these rights would be the law all across the world. 

A separate Covenant specifically on economic, social, and cultural rights was done for a reason. These rights were not included in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. These two Covenants were kept separate because civil rights are thought to be protected more strongly than economic, social and cultural rights. A separate Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights was done to make it clear how important these rights are.

As the Vienna Declaration says, all human rights must be protected equally because "all human rights are universal and cannot be divided."


Vickers machine gun

The Vickers machine gun (also known as the Vickers gun) was a machine gun that was used by the British Army from 1912 to 1968. It was made by Vickers Limited. The gun was very reliable. It was one of the most commonly used weapons in the first world war.

Albania at the Olympics

Albania at the Olympics is a history which began in 1972.

The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for Albania is ALB.

The Albanian team did not take part in the next games between 1976 and 1988. They returned for the 1992 games in Barcelona. They have took part in all Olympic Games since then. They first took part in the Winter Olympic Games in 2006.

Albania usually takes part in events that have swimming, athletics, weightlifting, shooting and wrestling. Albania has won an Olympic medal at the 1972 Olympics in weightlifting (gold, ).



American Samoa at the Olympics

American Samoa at the Olympics is a history which includes 8 games in 8 countries and 20+ athletes. Since 1988, American Samoa has contributed to the growth of the "Olympic Movement".

The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for American Samoa is ASA.

The National Olympic Committee for American Samoa was formed in 1987; and it was recognized by the International Olympic Committee the same year.

Teams from American Samoa have take part in Summer Olympic Games. Samoan athletes went to two of the Winter Olympic Games. 



Andorra at the Olympics

Andorra at the Olympics is a history which includes 20 games in 25 countries and 50+ athletes. Since 1988, Andorra has contributed to the growth of the "Olympic Movement".

The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for Andorra is AND.

The National Olympic Committee for Andorra ("Comitè Olímpic Andorrà") was formed in 1971; and it was recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1975.

Athletes from Andorra first took part in the Olympic Games in 1976. They have taken part in all Olympic Games since then.

Andorra have never won a medal before. They usually take part in events like cycling, swimming, athletics, shooting, and judo.



Tori Spelling

Victoria Davey "Tori" Spelling (born on May 16, 1973) is an American actress, television writer and producer. 

From 2004 to 2006 Tori was married to actor and playwright Charlie Shanian (b.1965). 

Tori has been married to actor (b.1966) since May 7, 2006 after they were dated for 8 months. The spouses have four children together: son Liam Aaron McDermott (b.March 13, 2007), daughters Stella Doreen McDermott (b.June 9, 2008) and Hattie Margaret McDermott (b.October 10, 2011), and another son — Finn Davey McDermott (b.August 30, 2012). Spelling also has a step-son Jack Montgomery McDermott (b.1998) from McDermott's 1st marriage to actress .

Royal Banner of Scotland

The Royal Standard of Scotland, (), also known as the Banner of the King of Scots, or more commonly the Lion Rampant of Scotland, is the Scottish Royal Banner of Arms. Used historically by the King of Scots, the Royal Standard of Scotland differs from Scotland's national flag, the Saltire, in that its correct use is restricted by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland to only a few Great Officers of State who officially represent the Sovereign in Scotland. It is also used in an official capacity at royal residences in Scotland when the Sovereign is not present.

The earliest recorded use of the Lion rampant as a royal emblem in Scotland was by Alexander II in 1222; with the additional embellishment of a double border set with lilies occurring during the reign of Alexander III (1249–1286). This emblem occupied the shield of the royal coat of arms of the ancient Kingdom of Scotland which, together with a royal banner displaying the same, was used by the King of Scots until the Union of the Crowns in 1603, when James VI acceded to the thrones of the Kingdom of England and Kingdom of Ireland. Since 1603, the Lion rampant of Scotland has been incorporated into both the royal arms and royal banners of successive Scottish then British monarchs in order to symbolise Scotland; as can be seen today in the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom. Although now officially restricted to use by representatives of the Sovereign and at royal residences, the Royal Standard of Scotland continues to be one of Scotland's most recognisable symbols.

The Flag of Scotland, also known as the Saint Andrew's Cross or more commonly The Saltire, is the national flag of Scotland. The Saltire is the correct flag for everyone to fly in order to show both their loyalty and Scottish nationality. It is also, where possible, flown from Scottish Government buildings every day from 8am until sunset, with certain exceptions; for example United Kingdom "National Days".

Flower of Scotland

Flower of Scotland () is a Scottish song, used mostly at special occasions and sporting events. Although Scotland has no official national anthem, "Flower of Scotland" is one which is used, along with the older "Scots Wha Hae", "Scotland the Brave" and "Highland Cathedral". It was written by Roy Williamson of the folk group The Corries, and presented in 1967, and refers to the victory of the Scots, led by Robert the Bruce, over England's Edward II at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314.

1. O Flower of Scotland,<br>
When will we see your like again<br>
That fought and died for<br>
Your wee bit hill and glen.<br>
And stood against him,<br>
Proud Edward's army,<br>
And sent him homeward<br>
To think again.

2. The hills are bare now,<br>
And autumn leaves lie thick and still<br>
O'er land that is lost now,<br>
Which those so dearly held<br>
That stood against him,<br>
Proud Edward's army<br>
And sent him homeward<br>
To think again.

3. Those days are past now<br>
And in the past they must remain<br>
But we can still rise now<br>
And be the nation again!<br>
That stood against him<br>
Proud Edward's army<br>
And sent him homeward<br>
To think again.

4. O Flower of Scotland,<br>
When will we see your like again<br>
That fought and died for<br>
Your wee bit hill and glen.<br>
And stood against him,<br>
Proud Edward's army,<br>
And sent him homeward<br>
To think again.
1. O Flouer o Scotland,<br>
Whan will we see<br>
Your like again,<br>
That focht and dee'd for,<br>
Your wee bit Hill an Glen,<br>
An stuid agin him,<br>
Prood Edward's Airmy,<br>
An sent him hamewart,<br>
Tae think again.

2. The Hills is bare nou,<br>
An Autumn leafs<br>
Lies thick an still,<br>
Ower land that is lost nou,<br>
That thae sae dearly held,<br>
That stuid agin him,<br>
Prood Edward's Airmy,<br>
An sent him hamewart,<br>
Tae think again.

3. Thir days is past nou,<br>
An in the past<br>
They maun remain,<br>
But we can aye rise nou,<br>
An be the nation again,<br>
That stuid agin him,<br>
Prood Edward's Airmy,<br>
An sent him hamewart,<br>
Tae think again.

4. O Flouer o Scotland,<br>
Whan will we see<br>
Your like again,<br>
That focht an dee'd for,<br>
Your wee bit Hill an Glen,<br>
An stuid agin him,<br>
Prood Edward's Airmy,<br>
An sent him hamewart,<br>
Tae think again.
1. O Fhlùir na h-Alba,<br>
cuin a chì sinn<br>
an seòrsa laoich<br>
a sheas gu bàs 'son<br>
am bileag feòir is fraoich,<br>
a sheas an aghaidh<br>
feachd uailleil Iomhair<br>
's a ruaig e dhachaidh<br>
air chaochladh smaoin?

2. Na cnuic tha lomnochd<br>
's tha duilleach Foghair<br>
mar bhrat air làr,<br>
am fearann caillte<br>
dan tug na seòid ud gràdh,<br>
a sheas an aghaidh<br>
feachd uailleil Iomhair<br>
's a ruaig e dhachaigh<br>
air chaochladh smaoin.

3. Tha 'n eachdraidh dùinte<br>
ach air dìochuimhne<br>
chan fheum i bhith,<br>
is faodaidh sinn èirigh<br>
gu bhith nar Rìoghachd a-rìs<br>
a sheas an aghaidh<br>
feachd uailleil Iomhair<br>
's a ruaig e dhachaidh<br>
air chaochladh smaoin.

4. O Fhlùir na h-Alba,<br>
cuin a chì sinn<br>
an seòrsa laoich<br>
a sheas gu bàs 'son<br>
am bileag feòir is fraoich,<br>
a sheas an aghaidh<br>
feachd uailleil Iomhair<br>
's a ruaig e dhachaidh<br>
air chaochladh smaoin?


Thistle

Thistle is a group of flowering plants which have sharp prickles on around the flower and are in the Asteraceae family. The prickles often all over the plant – on the stem and flat parts of leaves. This protects the plant against herbivorous animals, stopping them from eating the plant.

The term thistle is sometimes taken to mean exactly those plants in the group Cynareae (synonym: Cardueae), especially the genera "Carduus", "Cirsium", and "Onopordum". However, plants outside this group are sometimes called thistles, and if this is done thistles would form a polyphyletic group.

Thistle is the floral emblem of Scotland.

Genera in the Asteraceae with the word thistle often used in their common names include:

Plants in families other than Asteraceae which are sometimes called thistle include:

The thistle has been the national emblem of Scotland since the reign of Alexander III (1249–1286) and was used on silver coins issued by James III in 1470. It is the symbol of the Order of the Thistle, a high chivalric order of Scotland. It is found in many Scottish symbols and as the name of several Scottish football clubs. The thistle, crowned with the Scottish crown, is the symbol of seven of the eight Scottish Police Forces (the exception being the Northern Constabulary). The thistle is also the emblem of Encyclopædia Britannica, which originated in Edinburgh, Scotland. Carnegie Mellon University features the thistle in its crest.

According to a legend, an invading Norse army was attempting to sneak up at night upon a Scottish army's encampment. During this operation one barefoot Norseman had the misfortune to step upon a thistle, causing him to cry out in pain, thus alerting Scots to the presence of the Norse invaders. Some sources suggest the specific occasion was the Battle of Largs, which marked the beginning of the departure of King Haakon IV (Haakon the Elder) of Norway who, having control of the Northern Isles and Hebrides, had harried the coast of the Kingdom of Scotland for some years. Which species of thistle is referred to in the original legend is disputed. Popular modern usage favours Cotton Thistle "Onopordum acanthium", perhaps because of its more imposing appearance, though it is unlikely to have occurred in Scotland in mediaeval times; the Spear Thistle "Cirsium vulgare", an abundant native species in Scotland, is a more likely candidate. Other species, including Dwarf Thistle "Cirsium acaule", Musk Thistle "Carduus nutans", and Melancholy Thistle "Cirsium heterophyllum" have also been suggested.

Maud Grieve recorded that Pliny and medieval writers had thought it could return hair to bald heads and that in the early modern period it had been believed to be a remedy for headaches, plague, canker, sores, vertigo, and jaundice.

Football in Scotland

Association football is the most popular sport in Scotland. Scotland has the second oldest national Football Association in the world (behind England's FA), and the trophy for the national cup, the Scottish Cup, is the oldest sporting trophy in the world.

Scottish football club Rangers F.C. have won a world record 54 league titles.

Scotland and Scottish football clubs hold many records for football attendances;

The highest ever attendance for a UEFA competition match was in the 1969-70 European Cup semi-final at Hampden Park, Scotland's national stadium. A record 136,505 people attended that Cup semi-final played between Celtic and Leeds United 
The attendance of 149,415 for the Scotland vs. England match of 1937 at Hampden Park is also a European record. 
The attendance of 146,433 for the 1937 Scottish Cup final between Celtic and Aberdeen at Hampden Park is a European record for a club match. 
Rangers' record attendance of 118,567 is a British record for a league match. 

Professional football in Scotland is split into four leagues. The winners of the league move up into the league above it, and those who finish last in the league move down into the league below it. The leagues are:


Micrograph

Micrographs are photographs taken through microscopes to show magnified versions of items. They are used for forensic engineering and forensic science to record trace evidence. Micrographs are also used for scanning electron microscopy so the sample areas selected for analysis are visible.

Felix Adjei

Felix Adjei ( born 17 December 1990) is a football player from Ghana. He plays for FC Pinzgau Saalfelden in the Regionalliga Salzburg (3rd level in Austrian football) as midfielder.
He started playing football for Red Bull Ghana where he was at the academy which is run by Red Bull. In 2009 he was invited to Salzburg where Nico Kovac, then coach of the second team, was impressed by his skills. He became the first player who came to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg from the Ghana academy. He became part of the second team, the Red Bull Juniors. On October 15th he played his first match in the first team against Wacker Innsbruck. He was in the starting team and played till minute 62.

Wolfgang Köhler

Wolfgang Köhler (21 January 1887 – 11 June 1967) was a German psychologist who, like Max Wertheimer and Kurt Koffka, helped create Gestalt psychology. He was the first to show that apes could solve problems by thinking.

In 1910–13, he worked with fellow psychologists Max Wertheimer and Kurt Koffka. He and Koffka were subjects for Wertheimer’s studies, which led them to conclusions about the nature of vision. They collaborated on the founding of a new holistic attitude toward psychology called Gestalt theory, from the German word for “whole". This was influenced by some earlier work of Carl Stumpf (Köhler’s teacher) and Christian von Ehrenfels. Wertheimer had attended Ehrenfels' lectures at the University of Prague.

Köhler’s famous quote, “the whole is different from the sum of its parts” is usually quoted differently. Though perhaps a simple error made in translation, many lectures in textbooks of modern-day psychology quote Gestalt theory by saying “the whole is greater than the sum of its parts”. It is difficult to imagine that a translation error occurred here, especially when considering that ‘greater’ is ‘größer’ and ‘different’ is ‘unterschiedlich’ in German, respectively.

In 1913, Köhler left Frankfurt for the island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands, to be the Director of the Prussian Academy of Sciences anthropoid research station. Here, Köhler observed how chimpanzees solved problems, such as that of retrieving bananas when placed out of their reach. They stacked wooden crates to use as makeshift ladders, in order to get the food. If the bananas were placed on the ground outside the cage, they used sticks to lengthen the reach of their arms.

Köhler concluded that the chimps had not arrived at these methods through trial-and-error. American psychologist Edward Thorndike claimed this was the basis of all animal learning: his law of effect. Instead, the chimps had an insight (also known as an “aha experience”). They saw the answer mentally, then they got the bananas in a way which was, in Köhler’s words, “unwaveringly purposeful”.

So, he concluded that the animals were capable of problem-solving and that they did "not" arrive at their methods through trial and error. This is one of the most important findings from the research done on apes. Köhler’s work on the mentality of apes was a turning point in the psychology of thinking. In the book "The mentality of apes", Köhler explains that he was inspired to work with the chimpanzees for two main reasons. The first was because the “structure of their brains is more closely related to the chemistry of the human body and brain-structure than to the chemical nature of the lower apes and their brain development” Köhler (1925). The fact that human traits can be observed in the everyday behaviours of this animal was very intriguing for Köhler. Kohler also wanted to gain knowledge of the nature of intelligent acts.

Köhler recognized that, like humans, there is a great deal of individual differences in intellect. Chimps showed that they were able to grasp the objects around them in a variety of fashions. This is incorporated in their everyday playing behaviours. For this reason, it was not necessary to use experimental tests to introduce chimps to handle matter. In his book, Köhler describes how the apes use their hands: “large, powerful and flexible hands are natural links between himself and the world of things, and he attains the necessary amount of muscular force and co-ordination at an earlier age than the human child” Köhler (1925).

These are the editions in English:

Gluten-free diet

A gluten-free diet is a diet that excludes foods that have gluten. Gluten is a protein found in wheat, barley, rye, and possibly oats. Most breads, cakes, pastas/noodles, beers and pizzas are made with gluten. Gluten is used as a food additive in the form of a flavoring, stabilizing or thickening agent. It is often called "dextrin". Some non-foods, such as medications and vitamin supplements, especially those in tablet form, may contain gluten as a binding agent.

A gluten-free diet is the only medically accepted treatment for wheat allergy and coeliac disease (in North America, it is usually spelled "celiac disease").

Some gluten-free diets also exclude oats. Doctors do not agree on whether oats affect coeliac disease sufferers.
Many alcoholic beverages are gluten free, but many types of whiskey and beer contain gluten, because using grains is a necessary part of their production.
Gluten-free diets have become popular worldwide. Some say that such a diet can cause problems with Vitamin B and magnesium intake by the body, because wheat improves the rate in which humans body can use them.
Gluten-containing ingredients sometimes are used as colorants, preservatives and thickeners in products such as ice cream and ketchup.
Even some cosmetics like lip balm and lipsticks can contain gluten, so persons wanting to follow such a diet need to learn about which products contain wheat and its byproducts.


Little Havana

Little Havana () is a section of Miami, Florida, where many Cuban immigrants and refugees have settled. The high number of Cuban refugees Florida receives is due to its proximity to Cuba. It is called Little Havana because Cuba's capital is Havana. There is also a smaller Little Havana in Tampa, Florida.

In recent years, increasing numbers of Honduran, Nicaraguan, and Guatemalan immigrants have moved into the neighborhood. At the same time, increasing numbers of Cubans left the area for the suburbs in western Miami. Part of Little Havana is now called Little Managua named after the Nicaraguan capital.

The Calle Ocho Festival is held in Little Havana.

Howard Stern

Howard Stern (born January 12, 1954) is an American radio and television personality known for his radio show, The Howard Stern Show.

Stern was born in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City.

He originally started as a disc jockey for a New York station playing rock music. He discovered a talent for comedy, and developed a wide-ranging confrontational style that encouraged listeners to call in. Eventually, in the 1990s, his show was widely distributed. As an example, in one of his most infamous episodes, he persuaded a female caller to have phone sex with him on the air. He made deep buzzing noises into his microphone, and had her sit on a speaker with the volume turned up.

Stern's crude style of entertainment (which many listeners support) has earned him the title "King Of All Media" -- at least in the eyes of his fans. His show is frequently the subject of complaints by listeners (and occasionally ethnic groups) who find his shows offensive. Radio stations airing his show have occasionally been subjected to fines for violating FCC requirements due to the content of the show, but the parent conglomerate (Infinity Broadcasting) that hosts Stern's show seems to consider these fines a necessary price to pay, in order to support Stern's continuing popularity. In 1994 Stern ran for Governor of the state of New York. 

Stern is the most popular and well-known of a variety of offensive radio hosts known generally as "shock jocks." In spite of the crude content of his show, many radio listeners consider Stern's delivery to be far from the worst quality radio aired today. His popularity has given rise to a number of imitation "shock jocks" who attempt to outdo Stern in terms of offensiveness and rudeness...but these imitators have found themselves with more troubles to worry about than listener ratings. In 2002 rival radio hosts Opie and Anthony were fired from their popular radio show after they encouraged a couple to engage in sexual intercourse at Saint Patrick's Cathedral in New York City, then airing a running commentary of the act on their show. Stern, his supporters note, has not gone out of his way to offend the general public in this manner.

On January 15, 1998 Lance Carvin, who had been stalking Stern, was sentenced to two and a half years in prison for threatening to kill Stern and his family.


Myra (singer)

Mayra Caryl Ambrosia Quintana — better known under the mononym, Myra — was born on April 21, 1987 in Los Angeles,California. to Salvador Ambrosia and Consuelo Quintana.
Myra is an American singer, dancer and choreographer of Mexican descent. She is the first Latina artist to have been signed to Hollywood Records, Walt Disney Records, and Avex Trax. She rose to prominence in 2001 after recording a cover of Martha and the Vandellas' "Dancing in the Street" for the soundtrack to the 2001 film Recess: School's Out (which she would then re-record in 2002 in Spanish for the Disney Channel original movie, Gotta Kick It Up!). However, her first album released before being signed to Disney -released in 1997, was the Mariachi album Mensajera del Amór, released by Briaz Promotions. At the time of its release, Myra was then known as Mayra Caról. During her Disney-era portion of her career, she contributed her vocals to the song "Miracles Happen (When You Believe)" to the film The Princess Diaries, and it received a 2002 ALMA Award nomination for Outstanding Song in a Motion Picture Soundtrack. Her debut album Myra included these two tracks and were released as singles and both included a music video. The album "Myra" was released in four different formats.

The self-titled album Myra was released in the US and other English-speaking countries in June 8, 2001 It was also released in Japan in 2001 under the title with three additional bonus remixed tracks of the single "Lie, Lie, Lie.", and re-packaged and re-released in 2002 titled Myra + More including those same three remixes, and a bonus track "You’re the Dream" replacing "Wishing on the Same Star." "You’re the Dream" was the Anthem for The Special Olympics hosted by Walt Disney Records. The album was re-recorded in Spanish and titled Milagros which was released on October 16, 2001. The Spanish version of "Miracles Happen (When You Believe)" which is titled "Siempre Hay Milagros" was included on the Spanish Version of The Princess Diaries. The Spanish Version of "Dancing in the Streets, (or "Bailando en la Ciudad") was released as a promotional single for the Disney Channel Original Movie Gotta Kick It Up!

Myra made an appearance in the film Max Keeble's Big Move as Chelsea (opposite Brooke Ann Smith) as Jenna, Max Keeble's (Alex D. Linz) love interest. It was around this time she was on tour with Aaron Carter opening for his 2000-2001 "Party Tour." Both of the then Teen Pop artists joined the line up of the 2001 Radio Disney Live! 2001 World Tour which included the artists Hoku, A*Teens, Baha Men, Jump5, Krystal (Super Girl, The Princess Diaries) and others. Myra can also be found on several compilation albums released by Disney.

Since then, Myra has worked with other artists, being featured on a single, "Back to You" by Chicano Rapper, Veze Skante which was accompanied by a music video and is a part of the compilation set "La Costa Nuestra." "La Costa Nuestra is available on iTunes. Myra has also independently released songs via-MySpace which can be found on YouTube and her Official Facebook account in video format. After an extended hiatus, Myra is currently working on her latest project(s) to date and is due for a tremendous return to the music world!


Film Roles
Television Appearances


3LW

3LW (Three Little Women) was an American girl group. The group members were Naturi Cora Maria Naughton, Adrienne Eliza Bailon, and Kiely Alexis Williams. The band was formed in 1999 in Newark, New Jersey.

In August 2002, Naughton announced that she had been forced out of 3LW. Before the year's end, the group held various auditions in Atlanta, Los Angeles and New York in search of a third member. Jessica Benson was chosen. She joined 3LW in December. The group ended in 2006.




Nadia López

Nadia Yvonne López Ayuso (born June 21, 1983 in Oaxaca), is a Mexican singer. She was a finalist of the first season of "La Academia". Her passion for music began since she was a little girl, setting her to knock on doors by participating on contests, and festivals. 


Diana Reyes

Diana Reyes (born November 18, 1979) is a Mexican singer. She records duranguense music. She was born in La Paz, Baja California Sur. She has released three gold records since 2004: "La Reina del Pasito Duranguense", "Las No. 1 de la Reina", and "Te Voy a Mostrar".

Ivy Queen

Ivy Queen (born Martha Ivelisse Pesante on March 4, 1972 in Añasco, Puerto Rico) is a composer and singer known as "The Queen of Reggaeton".
At a young age Ivy's parents moved to New York where she was raised. When she was in her teens, her parents returned to their hometown, Añasco. Ivy went to school and graduated from high school.

When Ivy was 18, she moved to San Juan and met rapper and producer, DJ Negro. DJ Negro helped her and introduced her to a group called "Noise". With "Noise" she wrote and performed her first song "Somos Rapperos Pero No Delincuentes" (We're Rappers, Not Delincuents). Soon, DJ Negro convinced Ivy to go "solo" and in 1997, she made her debut with the recording of the album "En Mi Imperio" (In My Empire) for the Sony International Records label which sold over 100,000 copies. In the same year, Ivy traveled to Panama where she represented Puerto Rico in "The Battle of Rap". She also did some presentations in the Dominican Republic, which were all "sold out" and later that year, she participated in "The First National Festival of Rap and Reggae". There, Ivy was proclaimed the "Rap Singer of the Year". Also, in 1997, Ivy was awarded the "Artista '97" award, naming her "The Peoples Favorite Rap Singer", by Artista magazine.

In 1998, Ivy recorded her second album, for the Sony Label, titled "Original Rude Girl" which carried the following hit songs "Interlude in the Zone", "Sabes Que Tu" (What Do You Know?) and "The King and The Queen". It sold more than her first album and was highly acclaimed by her growing fan base.

Ivy's third album "Diva", was released in 2003. The songs were originally written by her and performed with the participation of various artists.

Ivy Queen's style does not include the crude language so common in that genre. Instead she focuses on her lyrics which contain positive messages for her generation. Ivy usually speaks in her songs about Puerto Rico and about the abuse that many women suffer.

Fanny Lu

Fanny Lucía Martínez de Leeu (born February 8, 1973), more commonly known as Fanny Lú, is a singer from Cali, Colombia. Fanny Lu completed her studies in Colegio Bolivar and then went on later to study at Universidad de los Andes. In 1994, she became a television presenter. Afterward, she went into the music industry.

Fanny's debut album "Lágrimas Cálidas" (Warm Tears) was released in 2006. The album was an instant hit in Latin America. It was very popular in Colombia, where it spent five weeks at #1. The lead single "No Te Pido Flores" (I'm Not Asking for Flowers) also spent 7 weeks at #1 on the Hot 100 Billboard Charts in Latin America, Colombia, Peru, Venezuela, and Mexico, and has received a numerous amount of airplay in Latin radio in the US. The song has also peaked at #16 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs. The second single from her debut album is the song called "Y Si Te Digo"(And If I Tell You) and it peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs.

Fanny Lu did the Spanish translated voice for Beth, a character in the Sony Pictures animated film "Open Season" or "Amigos Salvajes", which is the Spanish title.


Don Omar

Don Omar (born William Omar Landrón Altagracia Riviera; February 10, 1978 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic), is a Dembow singer, composer, actor, comedian and producer. He is believed to be one of the best dembow artists in Dominican Republic, Venezuela and all of Latin America and world by many music critics and fans alike. Omar is best known for his songs "Dile" and "Dale Don Dale" from his first album "The Last Don" and "Reggaeton Latino". His songs are mostly about life and love; some examples of these would be "La Recompenza" ("The Reward") and "Aunque te Fuiste" ("Even Though You Left Me"). The net worth is of $ 22,5 million of dólares. and sold over 70 million of sales.

His musical debut began in the evangelical church Iglesia de la Restauración in Cristo en Bayamón, where he became the pastor for four years but he left because of a sentimental disappointment. At this time he continues to take part in several groups that sing during religious celebrations.

He began singing and composing at age 13, feeling very close to the reggaeton style, which began to develop in Puerto Rico in the early 1990s. He started in reggaeton with Yaga duo Yaga and Mackie Ranks in 1990 with the song Tha Cream in the album of the same name.

He started his career after many obstacles when Héctor Delgado (from the duo Héctor & Tito) gave him an opportunity to be a backup singer for them. After that, he sang in a live concert with Héctor & Tito in 2003, which was released later as a CD and DVD, which included the songs that became instant hits, Baila Morena and Amor de Colegio (School Love). He is currently signed to VI Music through Universal Music Latino.

In 2003 released The Last Don, his first album, which includes titles that will now be references to reggaeton as the songs Dale Don Dale, Dile and Pobre Diabla. He becomes one of the most emblematic representatives with Daddy Yankee (with whom he will duet) and his albums become true standards of the musical genre and sold over 4.5 million of copies and earnings of $ 4,700,000 million of dólares.

Don Omar then gives many concerts, the number of participants and staging make it a real hit with spectators. Following his tour, released in 2004 The Last Don Live sold over 2,500,000 units all overthe world.

Don Omar has been in trouble with the law for possession of drugs and firearms. He is often the subject of accusations for the content of the lyrics. He is accused of inciting violence and pornography. The strong rhythm, dancing and sensual characterizing also this musical genre, it is no exception, like many other reggaetoneros.

His contribution to the genre by the title Dale Don dale in The Last Don, was named the best Latin / hip-hop rap album of the year 2005 and voted best Latin pop artist by the Billboard.

In 2005, he produced Los Bandoleros. In this album he works with other artists for the title Los Bandoleros with Tego Calderon; for Como olvidar, with David Bisbal, for Ella y yo, with Romeo from Aventura, for My Space and Nadie Como Tú with Wisin y Yandel, for Hold You Down with Jennifer Lopez; and for La Traicionera, with Glory.

His compositions use little repetitive style commonly used in the reggaeton style, to tell stories he imagines.

Don Omar released an album King of King in 2006. He is the first sales of Hispanic language music records in the United States with this album as well as in some Latin American countries. With this album Don Omar is proclaimed "El Rey" ("king" in Spanish) of reggaeton and official promoter of the musical genre. Upon release the album is first sales, and the first single Angelito is in the lead on the day of its release with about 500,000 sales, which is then a record for this style of music.

He composed the song Conteo for the film Fast and Furious: Tokyo Drift.

At the end of 2006, the special edition of the album King of Kings is released: the "Armageddon Edition" in which four additional titles are added.

In 2007 he produced the album El Pentagono, in which participate various artists of the musical genre. One of the songs on this album is Calm My Nerves featuring Don and Reel, a Hip-Hop singer from the United States; also participate in the album Easy con Tego Calderon ', Zion, Voltio, Eddie Dee and Costuleta.

In 2008 he married the weather presenter Jackie Guerrido (he has three children from a past relationship). The same year, Don Omar confronts legal proceedings: Nando Boom accuses him of plagiarism, the theme of My Space being the exact copy of that of Enfermo de amor.

Don Omar plays in Fast and Furious 4 and Fast and Furious 5 with Tego Calderon. The song Danza Kuduro is repeated at the end of the film Fast and Furious 5 and the song Taboo during the scene where Mia is at the market.

The album Don Omar Presents: Meet The Orphans was released on November 16, 2010. The album features the artists under Don Omar's Orfanato Music Group label and other reggaeton artists. The album includes the promotional single Hasta Abajo and the album's lead single Danza Kuduro featuring Portuguese-French singer Lucenzo, as well as collaborations from Orfanato Music Group artists including Kendo Kaponi, Syko, Plan B, Zion & Lennox, Yaga & Mackie and Danny Fornaris. Danza Kuduro appears on the Fast Five soundtrack and is the song played at the conclusion of the movie. He is signed to VI Music and Machete Music through Universal Music Latino.

The album Don Omar Presents MTO2: The New Generation was released on May 1, 2012. The album features newly signed to Orfanato Music Group Natti Natasha as well as many other signed artists and other reggaeton artists like Zion Y Lennox. The album includes the singles Hasta Que Salga El Sol, which won the award for Best Urban Song at the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards, and Dutty Love featuring Natti Natasha, which was also nominated. The album also features collaborations with Juan Magan, Mims, Syko, Vinny el Vendito, and Yunel Cruz. The album has been well received as it won the award for Best Urban Music Album at the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards.

After a decade's long rivalry feud with fellow artist Daddy Yankee for the "King of Reggaeton" title, in early 2016 Daddy Yankee and Don Omar announced in a Billboard press conference that they would perform together on stage in a concert series called The Kingdom World Tour. The tour announcement left many fans in disbelief, while selling out in minutes in cities like Las Vegas, Orlando, Los Angeles, New York. Discussing the tour and his rivalry with Daddy Yankee, Don Omar said “Let me clarify: I am not his best friend, and he is not my best friend, but we respect each other. That desire to be the best is what has pushed us to be better.”



Kat DeLuna

Kat DeLuna (born Kat Emperatriz de Luna; November 26, 1987) is an American crossover artist. Signed to Epic Records, she sings songs in both English as Spanish. At the age of 12, she was invited by the 'Queen of Merengue', Milly Quezada, to sing with her on stage in front of a big crowd of over thousand people. In April 2004, she opened for J Records musician Cassidy as part of the all Latino girl group Coquette. 
Kat and her family moved from The Bronx, US to the Dominican Republic early, where she was raised in poverty. Kat spent her time listening to Aretha Franklin and Billie Holiday records. At the age of 14, they moved back to the US, where Kat realized her potential as a singer. With that goal in mind, Kat was accepted to the New Jersey School of the Performing Arts. As a freshman, she scoured the pages of The Village Voice for auditions. After many auditions, DeLuna received a call for an all girl group, which later became the first Latina, Hip Hop/R&B group: Coquette. While being a part of Coquette, Kat continued to search for opportunities to pursue her dream of becoming a solo artist. At age of 15, Kat entered a Coca-Cola sponsored karaoke competition. Her version of "I Will Always Love You" won the competition. The competition also resulted her into meeting the legendary Cuban salsa singer Rey Ruiz. Ruiz gave KAT advice and with it, she started writing her own music and has continued to do so since. 

Currently, Epic Records, her label, is in the process of launching a promotional campaign for her worldwide first single "Whine Up". The song features Elephant Man and a music video is in the works. On the official website, a video of DeLuna doing a choreography to the song is shown on the front page. Also Elephant Man is shown in the short rehearsing video.



Aventura

Aventura is a Bachata-R&B music group from New York City. They became popular worldwide with their hit single "Obsesión" in 2003/2004.




Jennifer Peña

Jennifer Marcella Peña (born September 17, 1983 in San Antonio, Texas) is a Tejano/Latin pop singer. At age 12, she sang at the Houston Astrodome as a tribute to Selena. Signed by EMI, Peña's first album was nominated for a Tejano Music Award, and after her second album, she appeared on the soundtrack of "Selena" and was nominated for a Grammy Award. She has since released two more albums, most recently "Seducción", both of which have been successful.

Pena's former boyfriend, also a singer, was involved in an argument with singer Obie Bermudez after a multiple artist concert in Texas during the summer of 2004; the argument was apparently started by jealousy from her ex-boyfriend towards Bermudez.

During September of that year, Pena openly admitted to a magazine that she and the famous Puerto Rican rapper Bermudez have been having a serious relationship. 

The Cheetah Girls (group)

The Cheetah Girls started out as a 2003 Summer Line-Up movie for Disney Channel. Within the two years of release, it gained one of the biggest fan franchises in Disney history as well as on the soundtrack charts having a Double Platinum soundtrack and high-rated DVD release. After all of this success three of the original members, Adrienne Bailon, Kiely Williams and Sabrina Bryan decided to reunite and record a song for the "Disneymania 3" CD. Raven-Symoné however declined saying that "I want to work on my solo career right now. I loved being a Cheetah Girl but I don't want to be known as 'Galleria from The Cheetah Girls’, and as 'Raven Baxter' forever. Right now I just want to be Raven-Symoné." 

Adrienne Bailon (who at the time had a reoccurring role on "That's So Raven") claimed to "understand" but still said she was "disappointed" in Raven for not continuing what she started. However, the 3 remaining Cheetahs recorded "I Won't Say (I'm In Love)" for "Disneymania 3". They also kept their names from "The Cheetah Girls" movie. Kiely was known as "Aqua", Adrienne was known as "Chanel" and Sabrina was known as "Dorinda". After seeing how much of a response "I Won't Say (I'm In Love)" received, Disney quickly approached the Cheetahs for a recording contract. Raven was again offered her spot back in the group and again declined. This upset Adrienne so much that she quit as her role of Alana on "That's So Raven". The newly reformed Cheetah Girls signed the contract for one album with Walt Disney Records. The stage names Dorinda, Chanel and Aqua were also dropped at this time. Right before the release of their debut album they released a single for the "Chicken Little" soundtrack called Shake a Tail Feather, a re-make of an old Ray Charles song. Their debut album was a Christmas album titled Cheetah-licious Christmas. They made a music video for their debut single also titled "Cheetah-Licious Christmas". They performed this at the Walt-Disney Christmas Day Parade and were featured in The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. After the success of their Christmas album they were reported as signing to Hollywood Records (Owned by Disney but for more successful artists such as Aly & AJ and former Cheetah Raven-Symoné). 

At this time a Cheetah Girls television series was in the works as well. It did however convince former cheetah Raven-Symoné to return for television and film purposes only. The show filmed 4 episodes when it was stopped because "That's So Raven" was being renewed for its fourth and final season. The Cheetahs (Including Raven) did however quickly meet up again for a sequel called "The Cheetah Girls 2" and recorded a soundtrack for the movie also. It was set to debut on the Disney Channel on August 25, 2006. Raven however left the Cheetah Girls after filming wrapped claiming "Lots of work" that had to be completed. 

The third Cheetah Girls film was made in 2007. They officially disbanded in 2008.


Tito Nieves

Humberto "Tito" Nieves (June 4, 1958, Río Piedras, Puerto Rico)' became one of the leading Salsa singers of the 1980's and the early 90s. Raised in the U.S., Nieves began his career while participating in Cimarron, a New York-based orchestra. In 1977, he teamed up with the legendary singer Hector Lavoe and his Orchestra and joined Conjunto Clasico later. Nieves decided to start his solo career in 1986, setting himself apart by singing Salsa in English.



Manny Manuel

Cruz Manuel Hernández Santiago (born December 1, 1972), known by his stage name of Manny Manuel, is a Puerto Rican singer. He sings merengue, boleros, and tropical music. He first became well known as a member of the group Los Sabrosos del Merengue. He started a solo career in 1994. Manuel was born on the mountain town of Orocovis, Puerto Rico. He studied elementary and high school in the José Rojas Cortés School at his hometown. Since a young age, he started performing in talent shows and other musical activities. He later joined the group Tempo Merenguero. He later became a singer and choreographer for the merengue duo of Mayra y Celinés.

After several years, Manuel joined the group Los Sabrosos del Merengue. He joined them at the same time they had their hit song "Fiera Callada". After the success of the song, the group released their first album, "Sin Fronteras". Manuel samg a large part of the lyrics on this album. The album included a cover version of Rocío Durcal's song "Te Amo". The group made a second album titled "Haciendo Historia". It had hits like "Colegiala" and "Frente a Frente".

After making these two albums with Los Sabrosos, Manuel chose to have a solo career. In June of 1994, Manuel left the group. In October 1 of the same year, he started as a solo performer. Several months later, he released his first solo album. It was titled "Rey de Corazones". The album was certified platinum after a few weeks. With the success of the album, on November, 1995, Manuel performed at the Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center. He sold out six shows.

In 1996, he followed with his second album titled "Auténtico". On May of the same year, he performed at the Guaynabo Performing Arts Center in a special Mother's Day concert. Later, in November, he had a very large concert at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum.


Girl in a Coma

Girl In a Coma is a rock band from San Antonio, Texas on Joan Jett's Blackheart Record's label. The band is made up of sisters Nina(vocals/guitar) and Phanie Diaz (drums) and Jenn Alva (bass). The group recorded a rock version of the song "Si Una Vez" by Selena.



Angel y Khriz

Khriz y Angel is a Puerto Rican reggaeton group. The band members are Ángel Rivera Guzmán and Chrístian Colón. They work a lot with Luny Tunes another Puerto Rican reggaeton group. They were introduced in 2002 in the CD MVP, by Hector 'El Bambino' with the song "Casando Voy".

Los MVP’s is Khriz Y Angel’s own CD where they present the listener to soulful hits like "Ven Bailalo" and "Te Quiero Ver Hoy", as well as "De Caseria" featuring Divino and the up beat "Ram Pa Pan Pan". 

In the year 2005, they have come up with the songs "Fua", "De Lao A Lao" (bachata and merengue reggaeton versions), and "Mazacotte". They have been compared to artists like Daddy Yankee, Don Omar, and Wisin y Yandel in terms of fame.

Karen Rodriguez

Karen Rodriguez (born 1989) is an American singer from New York City, New York. Her father is Dominican and her mother, Elvira Rodriguez, is Peruvian. She went to LaGuardia Arts School in New York She played the starring role as Maria in "West Side Story" as a freshman. In 2008, she appeared in the fifth season of a Puerto Rican talent show "Objetivo Fama" and finished in seventh place.

She considers Selena to be her biggest idol, and is a fan of Juan Gabriel and Juan Luis Guerra.


Prince Royce

Geoffrey Royce Rojas (born May 11, 1989 on the Bronx) known by his stage name Prince Royce is a Dominican-American bachata singer. He started his career when he signed on with Top Stop Music label. His debut album, "Prince Royce", was recorded in 2009 and released in 2010. The album was produced by Sergio George the manager of Top Stop Music. The album became a success peaking at #1 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart. The lead single from the album, "Stand by Me" is a cover of a song which was originally composed and performed by Ben E. King. The single reached #1 on the Latin Tropical Airplay chart and #8 on the Top Latin Songs chart. It was announced on September 8, 2010, that his album would become a nominee for a Latin Grammy Award for "Best Contemporary Tropical Album". 

Frankie J

Frankie J (born on February 16 1980 in Baja, California, USA) is an American singer. He first appeared on A.B. Quintanilla III's band "Kumbia Kings". He later left the band to become a solo artist. His debut album "What's a Man to Do" was released on May 27, 2003. In 2005, Frankie J released his third studio album "The One" and debuted at number three on the "Billboard 200" chart. It had sold 130,000 copies in one week. It was then certified platinum by the RIAA for shipments of 1 million copies.


Q'orianka Kilcher

Q'Orianka Kilcher (born February 11, 1990 in Schweigmait, Germany) German-born American actress. She was raised in Hawaii. Q'Orianka's father is from Peru and he belongs to the Quechua/Huachipaeri, while her mother is of Swiss descent by way of Alaska. Her movie credits include the live action version of "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", and the starring role of Pocahontas in "The New World".

She is a cousin of pop singer Jewel. 

On June 1, 2010, Kilcher and her mother were arrested. Kilcher chained herself to the gates in front of the White House in Washington, D.C. Her mother poured black paint on her to signify oil. Kilcher was against President Barack Obama's meeting with Peruvian President Alan García. She said Garcia sold land in the Amazon rainforest to corporations while suppressing indigenous protests. She and her mother were charged with disorderly conduct. The charges were dropped on June 6, 2011 after they completed community service.

<div style="font-size: 95%">

</div style>


Sara Tavares

Sara Tavares (1 February 1978 – 19 November 2023) was a Portuguese-Cape Verdian singer. After winning the two music festivals in Portugal, in 1994, Sara Tavares recorded her first album "Sara Tavares & Shout". It was released in 1996. This album has gospel, soul, funk and pop influences. After the album was released, Sara performed all over the Portugal, Cape Verde and Paris. She also performed on television programs and at social events. By the end of 1998, Sara Tavares started working on her new album. She stopped performing and went through a long period of introspection trying to find her real influences.

"Mi Ma Bo" was Sara Tavares' second album. The name translated from the Criolo (language from Cape Verde) means "Me and You". "Mi Ma Bo" was produced by Lokua Kanza, a musician from Kongo. The album is sung in three different languages (Portuguese, Criolo and English). In Portugal, "Mi Ma Bo" is a gold record. In France, Monaco and Andorra, "Querer Sonhar" - one of Sara Tavares' compositions from "Mi Ma Bo", is included in an African music compilation, together with artists like Miriam Makeba, Lokua Kanza, Césaria Evora, Youssou N'Dour, Mory Kante. It was released by BMG France.

Her new album "Balancé" was due in February 2006. In this record produced by Sara herself, she wrote and composed all the songs and played many of the instruments.


Sara Tavares died on 19 November 2023 in Lisbon, at the age of 45, from a brain tumour that she had been diagnosed with since 2009.

Conservative Judaism

In Conservative Judaism, Jewish values can be divided into ethical and ritual laws - the ethical laws do not change, while the ritual laws are used in different customs. Because oftentimes Jews have to be a part of the society they live in, some of the ritual laws must be adapted to it. Such adaptations also allow modern lifestyles.

Another belief in conservative Judaism is that the texts that are the basis of Judaism should not be read literally, and that they can be analyzed and criticized like any other text. In Conservative Judaism, women are seen as equal to men and are allowed to sit with the men when attending synagogue, whereas in Orthodox Judaism for example, women are expected to sit in a different area. Women are also allowed to not wear head coverings when attending synagogue.


Stringybark Creek

Stringybark Creek is a small creek in the Wombat Ranges, Victoria, Australia. It is famous for the place where three policemen were murdered on 26 October 1878. The policemen, Sergeant Michael Kennedy, Constable Thomas Lonigan, and Constable Michael Scanlan were searching the forest for the Kelly brothers, Ned and Dan Kelly. They were wanted for the attempted murder of another policeman, Constable Fitzpatrick.

The creek is in the Toombullup State Forest, 50km from Benalla and 36km from Mansfield. The area has been developed for visitors and includes picnic area, camping, toilets and walking tracks. A memorial stone was put in place in 2001. It is near the remains of the hut. A tree near the site of two of the murders (Lonigan and Scanlan), the Police/ Kelly Tree, was scarped by a farmer in the 1930s. He carved the names of the three murdered police into it as a memorial. It has had a small copy of attached to it. This caused great upset to the families of the murdered policemen. The other murder site (Kennedy's) is approximately 400 - 500 metres North West. It is across the Stringybark Creek Road. 

A group of three policemen from Mansfield set out to search for the Kelly brothers who they thought were hiding in the bush near Mansfield. They set up camp at Stringbark Creek on 25 October 1878, not knowing that the Kellys were living in a small hut on Bullock Creek, less than 1km away. The next day Kennedy and Scanlan went to search the nearby forest, while Lonigan and Constable Thomas McIntyre stayed at the campsite. The Kellys heard noises from the police camp and went to investigate. Ned Kelly decided to try and capture the policemen and take their guns, horses and food. He called on the two policemen to give themselves up. McIntyre raised his hands, but Lonigan attempted to run and reached for his gun. Ned Kelly shot him in the eye.

The bushrangers then waited for Kennedy and Scanlan to return. When they rode into the camp, McIntyre warned them that the Kelly brothers were there, and to give themselves up. Scanlan went to unsling his rifle and was shot dead immediately. Kennedy jumped off his horse, and while shooting at the Kellys ran into the bush. Ned and Dan Kelly chased after him, shooting him twice as they hunted him for over 800 yards. Kennedy surrendered. Kelly walked up to him and shot him again in the chest and killed him. During the earlier shooting at Scanlan and Kennedy, McIntrye was able to get onto Kennedy's horse and escaped. He reached Mansfield on the next day to report the deaths.

Ned Kelly, Dan Kelly, Moz Johnston, Joe Byrne and Steve Hart were made outlaws, and a large reward was offered for their capture, either dead or alive. The three murdered policemen were taken to Mansfield and buried in the cemetery. A large memorial, funded by public donations, was built in the main street of Mansfield.

In 1879, G. Wilson Hall printed a book in Mansfield called "The Kelly Gang, Outlaws of the Wombat Ranges". It included a song called "Stringybark Creek" which is believed to have been written by Joe Byrne. It described in verse the story of what had happened. The first verse is:<br>
"A sergeant and three constables"<br>
"Rode Out from Mansfield town,"<br>
"Near the end of last October"<br>
"For to hunt the Kellys down."<br>
"So they travelled to the Wombat"<br>
"And they thought it quite a lark,"<br>
"And they camped upon the borders"<br>
"Of a creek called Stringbark."

The song has been recorded many times, including the Australian folk-rock band the Bushwackers on their 1979 album, "Bushfire".
In 1880 a local school teacher's poem was read at the unveiling in Mansfield of the monument dedicated to the three murdered policemen. It was accepted as an honest description of the tragic events.


First Minister

A First Minister is the leader of a government. In the United Kingdom, First Minister was once used to mean the same as Prime Minister. Winston Churchill's famous quote: "I did not become His Majesty's First Minister so that I might oversee the liquidation of the British Empire!"

First Minister is now used to describe the leaders of the devolved governments of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. See:


North Borneo at the Olympics

North Borneo at the Olympics is a history which includes only one summer olympic game in one country and two athletes.

The British colony of North Borneo competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics at Melbourne in Australia.

This was the only Olympic appearance for the colony. North Borneo sent two athletes who took part in the triple jump. They failed to win a medal.

In later years, athletes from North Borneo competed as part of the team from Malaysia.



Forbes list of billionaires

Forbes list of billionaires is based on an yearly measurement of wealth and assets which is published by "Forbes" magazine. The latest list was released in March 2014.

On the 32nd list of world's billionaires, the gap between the top 1% of the billionaires and the rest continues to widen. A record of 2,208 billionaires were in the ranking and the total wealth is $9.1 trillion, up 18% since 2017. For the first time, Jeff Bezos was listed as the top billionaire due to Amazon's rising stock price that resulted in one person's biggest one year gain in wealth since Forbes started tracking in 1987.


Gestalt psychology

Gestalt psychology is a theory of mind and brain formed in Berlin early in the 20th century. 

The idea is that the brain sees things as a whole. The gestalt effect is most clear with sight. We recognise figures and whole forms, not just a collection of lines and curves. In psychology, gestaltism is often opposed to structuralism. The phrase "The whole is greater than the sum of the parts" is often used when explaining Gestalt theory. A better wording is : "The whole is different from the parts".

Early 20th century theorists, such as Kurt Koffka, Max Wertheimer, and Wolfgang Köhler (students of Carl Stumpf) saw vision of objects as all elements taken together in a global construct. This 'gestalt' or 'whole form' approach sought to understand perception – seemingly innate mental laws which determined the way in which objects are perceived.
It is based on the here and now, and in the way you view things. It can be broken up into two: figure or ground, at first glance do you see the figure in front of you or the background?

These laws took several forms. An example is the way we tend to see similar objects, or close together objects, as meaningfully connected. Gestalt has been criticized for being merely descriptive, but it has formed the basis of much further research into the perception of patterns and objects, and of research into behavior, thinking, problem solving and psychopathology.

Gestalt psychology was a forerunner to modern cognitive psychology. It is distinct from gestalt psychotherapy.

Gestalt psychologists were the first to study problem solving in humans and apes. Wolfgang Kohler showed that chimpanzees could solve problems by thought alone; Max Wertheimer studied how diagrams helped students solve geometry problems, and Karl Duncker studied general problem-solving. Generally, both Wertheimer and Duncker preferred the broader term 'productive thinking' to 'problem solving', but it is not used much now.

Max Wertheimer

Max Wertheimer (Prague, 15 April 1880 – New Rochelle, New York, 12 October 1943) was a psychologist who was one of the three founders of Gestalt psychology, with Kurt Koffka and Wolfgang Köhler.

From 1929 to 1933, Wertheimer was a professor at the University of Frankfurt. When Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of the Third Reich in 1933, it became apparent to Wertheimer that he must leave Germany. In the end, he accepted an offer to teach at The New School in New York.

In New York he continued to investigate problem-solving, or what he preferred to call “productive thinking". The relationship between the book and his earlier work was this: all the problems in the book except one could be solved by considering geometric diagrams. In other words, they were partly visual in essence, and could be represented and partly solved visually. That thread ran through much of the gestalt work.

Wertheimer completed the book (his only book) in late September 1943, and died just three weeks later of a heart attack. Wertheimer was buried in Beechwood Cemetery in New Rochelle, New York.

The phi phenomenon is an optical illusion described by Wertheimer in 1912, in which the persistence of vision was exploited by the cinema film, applied by Hugo Münsterberg in 1916. This optical illusion is based in the principle that the human eye is capable of perceiving movement from pieces of information, for example, a succession of images. In other words, from a slideshow of a group of frozen images at a certain speed of images per second, we observe constant movement.


Optical illusion

An optical illusion (also called a visual illusion) is one which shows images that differ from normal reality. 

The information gathered by the eye is processed in the brain to give a perception. That is normal, but in these cases the appearance does not tally with a physical measurement of the stimulus source. 

There are three main types of visual illusion: 

The general explanation for most illusions is the way the brain works on sense data to produce a meaningful perception. A great 19th century psychologist Hermann von Helmholtz described perception as "unconscious inferences from sensory data and past experience". Richard Gregory discussed how the brain makes an hypothesis about what's out there, and sometimes the hypothesis does not quite work out. His model of perception is an interaction between data from sense organs and previous knowledge and experience.

Researcher Mark Changizi of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York thinks optical illusions are due to a 'neural lag'. When light hits the retina, about one-tenth of a second goes by before the brain translates the signal into a visual perception of the world. Scientists have known of the lag, and have discussed how humans compensate for it. Some suggest that our motor system somehow modifies our movements to offset the delay.

Changizi asserts that the human visual system has evolved to compensate for neural delays by generating images of what will occur one-tenth of a second into the future. This foresight enables humans to react to events in the present, enabling humans to perform reflexive acts like catching a fly ball and to maneuver smoothly through a crowd. Illusions occur when our brains attempt to perceive the future, and those perceptions do not match reality. 

Essentially, the ideas of Helmholz, Gregory and Changizi are similar. We do not mechanically turn sense data into a picture of the world, as some had thought. What we do is use our brains to work out what it is we are looking at. This involves the use of memory and logic, though at a fast rate. The process is very good, but not foolproof. When it fails we get an illusion.


Cassette single

A cassette single is a recording of a single song sold on a compact audio cassette. Record companies introduced this sales format in the 1980s. At that time, vinyl record album sales were declining in favor of cassette recordings; the cassette single was introduced to replace the vinyl 45 record in a similar way.

The sales of cassette singles did not exceed vinyl single sales to the same extent as cassette albums had. As compact disc players became more common, cassette singles were for the most part replaced by CD singles.

Guitar solo

A guitar solo is a portion of a musical performance when a guitar is used without other instruments.

In addition to their roles of rhythmic and harmonic accompaniment, guitars are well-suited to performing solo lines. This can take the form of a prominent section where the guitar is heard over other instruments, or unaccompanied, the guitarist providing all the necessary melody and harmony themselves. Often a guitar solo is a virtuosic performance in the rock music idiom with a heavily-overdriven electric guitar. However, solo instrumentation for the guitar can be found in a wide variety of musical styles and eras.

Many famous guitarists are known for their solo work. Approaches to solo creation vary from the jagged/atonal approach of Andy Gill from Gang of Four and Andy Partridge from XTC, the studio-produced soundscapes of Jimi Hendrix or Bill Nelson, or the composed approach of Frank Zappa.

The use of the guitar solo in popular music was especially notable during the 1980s, where a flashy and attention-grabbing instrumental was virtually obligatory for a guitar-based band. In later years, guitar solos became viewed as something of an "80s cliché", and their usage declined. Guitar solos in pop music have become much rarer, and more subdued and understated when used.



Music of Colombia

The music of Colombia is an expression of the Colombian culture and has many music types. Modern Colombian culture is a mixture of African, native and European (especially Spanish) music, as well as more modern American and Caribbean musical forms, such as Trinidadian, Cuban and Jamaican.

In the late 1950s, Mexican rock artists like Enrique Guzmán and Cesar Costa became very popular in Colombia. Soon, native rock bands like Los Speakers earned popularity too. Starting in 1967, native bands like Genesis combined native music types (like cumbia) with rock.

Cumbia is a mixture of Spanish and African music (which slaves brought to Colombia). In the 19th century, Colombia got rid of slavery. Since that time, Africans, Indians and other ethnic groups mixed more fully in Colombian music. Styles like bambuco, vallenato and porro was very important. When the waltz became popular in the 19th century, Colombian musicians invented a version called pasillo.

The Band Perry

The Band Perry is an American musical group. The members are Kimberly, Reed and Neil Perry (the first was born in 1981, the second in 1988 and the latter was born in 1990). Their self titled first record was released on October 12, 2010.




Criminal (song)

"Criminal" is the fourth single released under Britney Spears' seventh studio album "Femme Fatale". This song was released on September 30, 2011 and has gotten positive critical acclaim.

Sound check

A soundcheck, simplified as sound check is an activity that takes place a couple of hours before a concert. The performer(s) and the sound crew run through a short song to make sure that the sound in the venue is clear and at the right volume and tonal frequencies. Soundchecks are especially important for popular and other musical genres that use heavily-amplified PA systems; having correct sound is very important to the success of such events. A soundcheck remains part art and not all science, however, because the acoustics of a venue often change somewhat once it is filled with an audience.

Artists who change their set list during the course of a concert tour often use soundchecks as a rehearsal opportunity to try out new material or revive old material, before possibly introducing such material into the concert properly. 

Ricky Martin (1991 album)

Ricky Martin is the eponymous debut solo studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, It was released by Sony Discos and Sony Music Mexico November 26, 1991 (see 1991 in music).

© MCMXCI. Sony Music Entertainment (México). S.A. de C.V.

Latin Pop Albums

Latin Pop Albums is a record chart that is published weekly on "Billboard" magazine. The chart ranks Latin pop albums by the number of recorded sales an album made that week.

Shakira's album "Fijación Oral Vol. 1" became the best-selling album of the 2000s decade.

Peter Carey (novelist)

Peter Carey (born 1943) is an Australian novelist who has won many awards including two Booker Prizes. He first won the Booker Prize in 1988 for his book, "Oscar and Lucinda". He won again in 2001 for his book "The True History of the Kelly Gang". Only one other author has won this award twice.

"Oscar and Lucinda" was made into a movie starring Ralph Fiennes. "The True History of the Kelly Gang" is the story of Australian bushranger, Ned Kelly, written in the style of Ned's famous Jerilderie Letter.

Carey his written nine novels:

Emperor Kanmu

, also written as "Kammu", was the 50th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. His reign started in 781 and ended in 806.

Kanmu was the first monarch of the Heian period of the history of Japan.

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was .

Prince Yamabe was the eldest son of Prince Shirakabe (later known as Emperor Kōnin). According to the , Yamabe's mother was a descendant of King Muryeong of Baekje.

Kanmu had 16 empresses and consorts, and 32 imperial sons and daughters. Among his sons were Emperor Heizei, Emperor Saga and Emperor Junna.

Before he became the monarch, he was Crown Prince for eight years.

During his reign, Kanmu tried to simplify the hierarchy and the functions of his government.

The capital of Japan was moved from Nara (Heijō-kyō) to Nagaoka (Nagaoka-kyō) in 784. The capital would be moved again in 794 to Kyoto (Heian-kyō).

Kanmu named Sakanoue no Tamuramaro (758-811) to lead a military expedition against the Emishi.


According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Kammu is in Kyoto. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at this location.

The years of Kammu's reign are identified by more than one era name ("nengō").


National Cleavage Day

National Cleavage Day, also known as NCD, is a annual celebration that is held in South Africa. It is held in March or April each year. Many countries celebrating on 19th of May (Proverbs 5:19) The event is sponsored by the brassière marketer wonderbra. National Cleavage Day was started in 2002 and held at the beginning of April every year. The "NCD" was started in April 2002 in South Africa.

Along with the Wonderbra, "Cosmopolitan" and 5fm, a SABC radio station have sponsored this event. According to Samantha Paterson, the manager for Wonderbra, the National Cleavage Day had become a great start for women's independence and power in all forms of life, from their careers to their relationships and to their own destiny. Anita Meiring, public relations consultant for Wonderbra, explained The event was created to help build women empowerment about their breast being very unique and that they should be very proud of it. She also stated that "It gives men a legitimate (real) reason to stare (look) at boobs (women's breast)."

National Cleavage Day is celebrated in offices, restaurants and bars throughout the nation.
This event was given negative feedback from Dr. Siqwana-Ndulo. She had said that "This is a pure marketing tool using people's bodies." She then stated that, "The commission is against any person or advertising company which uses people's bodies for marketing purposes be it advertising a car or anything of that sort."


Chauchilla Cemetery

Chauchilla Cemetery is a cemetery that has prehistoric remains of prehispanics. Their bodies, which are mummified, contain artifacts. The cemetery is south of the city of Nazca in Peru.

The cemetery was discovered in the 1920s. However, it was last used in the 9th century. The cemetery has a lot of very important burials that happened over a period of 600 to 700 years. The cemetery was first used around the year 200. This cemetery is a very important source of archaeology to Nazca culture. Because the cemetery was damaged a long time ago, it was protected by Peruvian law in 1997. Tourists pay around seven U.S. dollars for a two-hour tour of the cemetery.

The bodies inside the cemetery have been preserved which is probably because of the dry climate in the Peruvian Desert. However, the funeral rites were also an important factor. The bodies had clothes on them which were made of cotton and were painted with a resin. They were bought in the cemetery, which was built from mud bricks. The resin was thought to have kept out insects and slowed bacteria from feeding on the bodies.

Estaquería, a nearby cemetery, may have given clues to show how the bodies were preserved. At Estaquería, archaeologists have found wooden pillars which was first thought to have been used for astronomical sightings. However, it is not thought that those posts were used to dry the bodies. This was a mummification process. This clue helped archaeologists to understand why these thousand-year-old bodies still had their hair and some soft tissue, like skin, still attached to them.

Heian period

The is a time in the Japanese history from 794 to 1185. This grouping of years is named after city of Heian-kyō, which is the early name of present day Kyoto.

The Heian period began in 794 when the capital of Japan was moved to Heian-kyō. It lasted until 1185, which is the beginning of the Kamakura period.

In this period Kyoto was the center of Japanese culture. It was also in this period that the first known novel was published. The author was a woman. Poetry was very popular in Heian-kyo at the time.







Garnishment

A garnishment is the means for collecting money judgments against a defendant by ordering third parties to pay money directly toward the plaintiff. Wage garnishments are a process of deducting money off employees' monetary compensation (including their salary); these types of garnishments continue until entire debts are paid and can be taken for any debt, however usual examples are:


Wage garnishments can adversely affect credit reputation or one's ability to open bank accounts.

Gigantoraptor

Gigantoraptor is a genus of giant oviraptorosaur theropod dinosaur that lived 70 million years ago in the later Cretaceous. It was discovered in 2005 in Inner Mongolia.

Since 2001, in a quarry, remains of the sauropod "Sonidosaurus" had been uncovered. In April 2005 Chinese paleontologist Xu Xing was asked to reenact the discovery of "Sonidosaurus" for a Japanese documentary. Xu obliged them by digging out a thighbone. As he wiped the bone clean, he suddenly realized it was not from a sauropod, but from an unidentifiable theropod about the size of "Albertosaurus". He stopped the filming to secure the serendipitous find. This way, the discovery of the "Gigantoraptor" fossil was captured on videotape.

In 2007 the "Gigantoraptor erlianensis" was named and described by Xu and colleagues. The type specimen was found in strata dating to about 70 million years ago. It is the remains of a single subadult individual.The partial skeleton lacks the skull but includes the lower jaws, a single neck vertebra, most of the back, tail and leg elements.

"Gigantoraptor" belonged to the Oviraptorosauria, a group named after "Oviraptor". Compared to other known members, "Gigantoraptor" was much larger, about three times as long and 35 times more massive than the earlier discovered oviraptorosaurid "Citipati". Xu "et al." estimated the length at and the weight at 1400 kilogrammes. In 2010 Gregory S. Paul even gave an estimate of two tonnes (2.2 tons).

The toothless lower jaws of "Gigantoraptor" are fused into a broad shovel-like mandibula. The skull would have been over half a metre long and toothless, probably with a horny beak. The back tail vertebrae are lightened by spongeous bone. The front limb is rather long because of an elongated slender hand. The humerus is bowed outwards to an exceptionally large extent and has a very rounded head. The first metacarpal is very short and carries a strongly diverging thumb. The hindlimb is also long because of an elongated lower leg. The thighbone is relatively slender and short with a distinct head and neck. The foot is robust with large and strongly curved toe claws.

No direct evidence of feathers was preserved with the skeleton. It might have been "naked" because it is three hundred times more massive than the smaller feathered species. Very large animals rely more on mass for temperature regulation, losing the insulating coverings found on their smaller relatives. Arm feathers were probably still present on "Gigantoraptor", since their main functions, such as display and covering the eggs while brooding, are not related to the regulation of body heat.

In 2007 Xu "et al." put "Gigantoraptor" into the Oviraptoridae family. But in 2010 a second analysis of "Gigantoraptor" found it was in the sister group, the Caenagnathidae. This was later confirmed by other studies.

The diet of "Gigantoraptor" is uncertain. Although some oviraptorosaurs such as "Caudipteryx" and "Incisivosaurus" are thought to have been mostly herbivorous, "Gigantoraptor" had long hind legs with proportions that allowed for fast movement, and large claws, a combination that is not usually found in herbivores of this size. Paul suggested that "Gigantoraptor" also was a herbivore and used its speed to escape predators.

The specimen has advanced ossification and growth rings in the fibula that indicate it was likely eleven years of age when it died. It appears to have reached an early young adult stage at age seven, and probably would have grown much larger when it reached the adult stage. This indicates a growth rate that is faster than in most large non-avian theropods.

The existence of giant oviraptorosaurians as "Gigantoraptor" explains several earlier Asian finds of very large, up to 53 centimetres long, oviraptorosaurian eggs. These fossil eggs were laid in enormous rings with a diameter of three metres.


University of Tübingen

The University of Tübingen, officially the Eberhard Karl University of Tübingen (; ), is a public university in the city of Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

The University of Tübingen was founded in 1477. In Germany, Tübingen became known as one of the "five classical university towns".

In 2010, Tübingen joined the Matariki Network of Universities (MNU) together with Dartmouth College (USA), Durham University (UK), Queen’s University (Canada), University of Otago (New Zealand), University of Western Australia (Australia) and Uppsala University (Sweden).

In 2012, the university established the Tübingen Center for Korean Studies at Korea University (TUCKU). This is Tübingen’s third branch in Asia after the Center for Japanese Language in Kyôto and the European Center for Chinese Studies (ECCS) at Peking University.

Alumni include former German President Horst Köhler and Nobel laureates Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard, Hartmut Michel and Günter Blobel.

In the late 16th century, Johannes Kepler studied at Tübingen.

In the 18th century, Friedrich Hölderlin, Friedrich Schelling and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel shared student rooms.

Notable professors include Joseph Ratzinger and Hans Kung.


Pylorus

Pylorus is a part of digestive system that separates stomach and duodenum. The pylorus controls the opening between the stomach and the duodenum. It stops large pieces of food from leaving the stomach. It also stops digested food from returning to the stomach from the duodenum. It is made of a muscle which stops food when contracted. When the pylorus is relaxed, it allows a small amount of food to pass as its passage is narrow.

Huxley family

The Huxley family is an English family. Members of the family had top careers in science, medicine, art, and literature. Some family members were also high level public servants in the United Kingdom. 

Thomas Henry Huxley (THH) was the oldest male in the family. He was a zoologist and comparative anatomist. He was one of Charles Darwin's main supporters.

Thomas had several grandsons including Aldous, Julian, and Andrew. Aldous Huxley wrote the books "Brave New World" and "Doors of Perception". Julian Huxley studied evolution, wrote "Evolution: the New Synthesis", and was the first director of UNESCO. Andrew Huxley was a Nobel prize winning physiologist and was appointed to the Order of Merit. Thomas and Andrew both served as President of the Royal Society, a century apart.

Many of their relatives succeeded in other walks of life.


Starfleet

In the fictional world of the "Star Trek" television series, books, and video games, Starfleet is the group that manages spaceexploration. From the second half of the 22nd Century through at least the 25th Century, Starfleet is a part of the United Federation of Planets, a political group of planets with intelligent life, including Earth and Vulcan. Members of Starfleet come from many different planets and are from many different species. Though the mission of Starfleet is peaceful exploration of space, the group is also responsible for defense of Federation planets.

In the television series "", set in the 22nd Century, Starfleet is an Earth space exploration program whose mission is "to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldy go where no man has gone before". Captain Jonathan Archer and the crew of the starship "Enterprise" travel into deep space to meet alien species and do scientific research.

In the year 2161, Earth joins the United Federation of Planets, which adopts Starfleet as its space exploration service.

Starfleet officers have ranks similar to Earth's Naval forces, and follow the Chain of Command, but they are not a military group. There is one law all Starfleet officers are required to follow called the Prime Directive. It says that members of Starfleet are not allowed to interfere (become involved in) the way a primitive society develops. Starfleet officers are trained at Starfleet Academy, located in San Francisco. Starfleet officers are given orders by Starfleet Command, located on Earth.

Starfleet explores space using space vessels called starships. The USS Enterprise is the most well known starship, and there have been several of them in Starfleet from the 22nd Century through at least the 24th Century. One of the most famous Starfleet captains is James T. Kirk (from the television series Star Trek). Another famous Starfleet captain is Jean-Luc Picard, the captain of the USS Enterprise-D. 

Starships are large and can carry from hundreds to over a thousand crew members. They are capable of scientific research, as well as carrying weapons called phasers and photon torpedoes for defending the Federation. They travel much faster than the speed of light using an engine called warp drive.

Betty Garrett

Betty Garrett (May 23, 1919 - February 12, 2011) was an American actress, comedian, singer and dancer. She was best known for her work in movie musicals in the 1940s and 1950s. Her acting career was affected when her husband, Larry Parks, was called to the House Un-American Activities Committee. There he admitted having been in the Communist Party, and he gave names of other entertainment people who were in the Party.

Garrett has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She died of an aortic aneurysm.





Simon van der Meer

"This is a Dutch name. The family name is" van der Meer, "not" Meer.
Simon van der Meer (24 November 1925 – 4 March 2011) was a Dutch particle accelerator physicist. He won the Nobel prize in physics. Another physicist, Carlo Rubbia, also won this prize. He won the prize because of his work for the CERN project. This led to the discovery of W and Z particles, which are the two most important things in matter.

Simon van der Meer was one of four children. He was raised in The Hague, Netherlands. His father was a school teacher, and his mother came from a family of teachers. He went to school at the city's gymnasium. He graduated in 1943 when the German army had control of the Netherlands. In 1945, van der Meer went to the Delft University of Technology. He earned an engineer's degree there in 1952. He joined CERN in 1956, and he stayed there until he retired in 1990.

In 1966, when van der Meer was skiing with his friends in the Swiss mountains, he met Catharina M. Koopman, who became his wife. They had two children – Esther (born 1968) and Mathijs (born 1970).

After getting his engineer's degree in 1952, Simon van der Meer worked for the Philips Research Laboratory in Eindhoven. When he was there, he was mainly working on high-voltage equipment and electronics for electron microscopes. In 1956, he moved to CERN, which was new at the time. When he first started at CERN, his work was mainly on technical design, and power supplies. While he was working at CERN, he invented the idea of stochastic cooling, which led to the discovery of W and Z bosons. In 1984, van der Meer and Carlo Rubbia won the Nobel Prize in Physics for their work with the project. 



Gerry Rafferty

Gerry Rafferty (16 April 1947 – 4 January 2011) was a Scottish singer-songwriter. His 1978 album, "City to City", reached number one on the music charts in the USA. "Baker Street", a song from the album reached the Top 10 in both the USA and Britain. It featured a distinctive saxophone solo played by Raphael Ravenscroft.

Rafferty was born in Paisley, Scotland and began playing in bands as a teenager. "Stuck in the Middle" was written in the early 1970's with his band "Stealers Wheel". It was a parody of Bob Dylan's style. It became a hit again after being used in the movie "Reservoir Dogs" directed by Quentin Tarantino in 1992. Rafferty also played in a folk group, the Humblebums, with Scottish comedian Billy Connolly.

He sold more than 10 million albums but did not enjoy working in the music industry which he said he "loathed and detested." He died in Stroud, Gloucestershire, England, from liver failure caused by his alcoholism.

Saeed Shehabi

Saeed Shehabi is a Bahraini thinker, political activist, commentator and journalist. He is a regular columnist in the daily Arabic "Al-Quds" newspaper. He gives regular interviews to the BBC's "Middle East Service" and "AlJazeera". He is also the Director of Abrar House, an Islamic community center in Central London that promotes interfaith work. He is also the leader of the pro-democractic Bahrain Freedom Movement, that is a banned Bahraini opposition group. He was also a founding member of Al-Wefaq National Party. He was previously the editor of "Alalam" magazine and now hosts a weekly television programme on Alalam TV. He has been living in exile in London since 1979 and returned to Bahrain on two occasions in 2002. He has a PhD in engineering from City University. Saeed Shehabi is married and has seven children.

On August 2010, Bahrain TV declared that Saeed Shehabi is accused of being the second leading member of a terrorist network. He is currently being tried "in absentia" along with Hassan Mushaimi. The Bahraini government claimed that a red notice was issued by interpol for his arrest, however this has not been verified. In 1996 he was similarly sentenced to 15 years in prison "in absentia".

In the summer of 2009, Saeed Shehabi's home was attacked by arsonists.

Steve Prestwich

Steven William Prestwich (5 March 1954 – 16 January 2011) was an English born musician who became famous as the drummer in two Australian rock bands, the Little River Band and Cold Chisel Born in Liverpool, his family moved to Adelaide, Australia, in 1971. He formed a band called "Orange" with Jimmy Barnes. This band then became Cold Chisel. Prestwich wrote, and helped write several of the bands biggest hits including "Forever Now", "When The War Is Over", "Nothin’ But You", "Monica", "Best Kept Lies", and "Flame Trees".

When Cold Chisel broke up in 1983, Prestwich joined the Little River Band. He recorded two albums with them. They recorded his song "When The War Is Over" with John Farnham. He played with Cold Chisel again when they reformed for two tours in 1998 and 2003. They had planned to record a new album in 2011. Prestwich recorded two solo albums, "Since You've Been Gone" in 2000 and Every Highway in 2009.

Prestwich died after surgery to treat a brain tumor in 2011.

Culture hero

A culture hero is a person, usually a mythical or legendary person, who is believed to be the first one to do something. In Greek mythology, for example, Prometheus who stole fire from the gods and made it possible for humans to use it for cooking and other purposes. In Chinese mythology, one culture hero is Hou Ji, a person with a human mother and a divine father, who discovered how to grow many crops and taught other humans about farming.

Emperor Heizei

, also known as Heijō-tennō. was the 51st emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Heizei's reign started in 806 and ended in 809.

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was .

Heizei was the eldest son of the Emperor Kammu.

He had three empresses and seven sons and daughters.

Before he became the monarch, he was Crown Prince for over twenty years.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Heizei is in Nara. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at this location. The site can be visited by the public.

The years of Heizei's reign are identified by only one era name ("nengō").


IPhone 4S

The iPhone 4S is the fifth iPhone that was created by Apple. It is very thin, and has a touchscreen.

It was first available for pre-order on October 7, and it went on sale on October 14 in the United States, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Japan. It was made available in more countries over the next few months.

The iPhone 4S had the same design as the iPhone 4, but has several new features such as an upgrade to the Apple A5 processor, and an 8 MP camera with 1080p video recording. It shipped with iOS 5, which is the fifth major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. It had new features such as iCloud, iMessage, Notification Center, Reminders, and integration with Twitter. It also had a voice activation system named Siri that was included in later generations of mobile Apple products.

The iPhone 4S introduced a new automated voice control system called "Siri". It first operated only on the iPhone 4S. It allows the user to give commands to the iPhone, which Siri can execute and respond to. For example, iPhone commands such as "What is the weather going to be like?" will generate a response such as "The weather is to be cloudy and rainy and drop to 54 degrees today". These commands can vary greatly and control almost every section of the phone. The commands given do not have to be specific and can be used with natural language. Siri makes it is much easier and/or possible for people to use device functions while driving, exercising, or when they have their hands full. It also means people with trouble reading, seeing, or typing can access the phone more easily.

Sakyo Komatsu

Komatsu was born in Osaka. In 1954, he earned a degree in Italian literature at Kyoto University. 

Komatsu worked as a magazine editor, a factory foreman and a comedy scriptwriter before he began writing science fiction. 

The premise of Komatsu's best known book, "Japan Sinks", was confirmed in 2011 when parts of the Sanriku coastline sank more than a meter in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In the massive geologic shift, the land mass of the main island of Japan sank 2.4 centemeters. 

Komatsu's most popular book was the basis of a 1973 film, a television series, a 2006 film remake, and a DVD.

In an overview of writings by and about Sakyo Komatsu, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 380+ works in 520+ publications in 14 languages and 1,520 library holdings. 


Shortly before his death, Komatsu wrote, "I had thought I wouldn’t mind dying any day, but now I’m feeling like living a little bit longer and seeing how Japan will go on hereafter."

Norio Ohga

, also spelled "Oga" and "Ogha", was a Japanese businessman and former president and chairman of Sony Corporation.

Ohga was born in Numazu, Shizuoka. He studied at Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music. He graduated in 1953.

He was made the president of Sony in 1982, and the CEO of Sony in 1989. He is credited with the development of the audio compact disc.



Farley Granger

Farley Granger (July 1, 1925 - March 27, 2011) was an American movie, theatre, and television actor. Two of the movies he was in were directed by Alfred Hitchcock: "Rope" and "Strangers on a Train".

Granger was bisexual, and had relationships with both women and men. Some of the people he was involved with were Shelley Winters, Ava Gardner, Leonard Bernstein, and screenwriter Arthur Laurents. His longtime romantic partner was television producer Robert Calhoun.

Granger wrote an autobiography called "Include Me Out: My Life From Goldwyn to Broadway". He died of natural causes.


Side Street- Ny setting about a man who steals money from a safe meant for blackmail 
and gets caught up in the murders 

Burhanuddin Rabbani

Burhanuddin Rabbani (1940 — 20 September 2011) was the President of Afghanistan from 1992 to 1996. He had been a Mujahideen leader who fought against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. He was removed as President when the Taliban took over in 1996. He then became the leader of the Northern Alliance which took over in Kabul when the Taliban were removed. He became the head of Afghanistan's High Peace Council which was trying to find a way to end the fighting in Afghanistan. He was killed in a suicide attack on his home. A man who claimed to be a Taliban leader met with Rabbini, and then exploded a bomb, which he had hidden in his turban.

Norman Corwin

Norman Lewis Corwin (May 3, 1910 – October 18, 2011) was an American writer, producer, and radio host. Born on May 3, 1910, in Boston, Massachusetts, Corwin worked as a writer for several newspapers in the late 1920s and early 1930s. In 1937, Corwin began working as a radio host. During World War II he worked as a news reporter for CBS. Corwin died on October 18, 2011, of natural causes.

Bert Jansch

Herbert "Bert" Jansch (3 November 1943—5 October 2011) was a Scottish singer-songwriter regarded as one of Britain's great folk guitarists. He was born in Glasgow, but his parents were German. After his father left the family they moved to Edinburgh. Jansch made his own guitar by the age of 12. After leaving school he began playing guitar, mainly blues, at various music clubs in Scotland and England.

His first album, "Bert Jansch", was made in 1965 and quickly became successful. The song "Needle of Death" about drug addiction, created a lot of interest as this was a subject that was not talked about very much at that time. His second album, "It Don't Bother Me", featured his friend John Renbourn, another great guitar player. The two players became very popular as a duo, and made the very successful album, "Jack Orion", in 1966. This album had some traditional folk songs, including a version of "Blackwaterside", played in a jazz style. The rock band Led Zepplin later recorded his arrangement of the song.

Jansch and Renbourn made another duo recording in 1966 called "Bert and John". They started playing with other musicians they met in London, and finally formed a band, Pentangle, with bass player Danny Thompson, drummer Terry Cox, and vocalist Jacqui McShee. Pentangle was instantly successful. Jansch did not enjoy fame, and left the band in 1973. He continued to play and make albums.

Jansch often played on other people's recordings, including the Babyshambles album "Shotter's Nation" (2007). In 2010, despite being ill with lung cancer, he went on tour in the US with American musician, Neil Young. Jansch died of lung cancer in Hampstead, London.

Jansch has made many albums including:


Desmond Mason

Desmond Mason is a retired basketball player. He was born on October 11, 1977 in Waxahachie, Texas. He went to Oklahoma State University. In 2000 and 2001 he was named All Rookie award in second place.


Ernesto Sabato

Ernesto Sabato (June 24, 1911 – April 30, 2011) was an Argentine writer, painter and physicist. He won some of the most important prizes for writing in Spanish and was influential in the literary world of Latin America. He was also famous for investigating war crimes in Argentina. Sabato was a member of the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons. This tried to find out what had happened to the 30,000 people who went missing during time of military rule from 1976 to 1983.

He was born in Rojas, Buenos Aires Province on 24 June 1911. He was the tenth of eleven sons from an average family. His parents were Francesco Sabato and Giovanna Maria Ferrari, a pair of Italian inmigrants from Calabria. He began to study at the National University of La Plata in 1929, where he studied physics and mathematics. He became a member of a communist youth group and went to the International Lenin School in Moscow to study for two years. He was very concerned about the rise of Stalinism, and went back to Argentina as soon as he could. He went back to the university and completed his PhD in physics. In 1939 he went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but after going back to Argentina in 1940, he decided that he wanted to be a writer.

His first magazine article was published in 1941, and for the next year he wrote book reviews and translated books into Spanish. His first book, a collection of essays on the morality of science and technology, was published in 1945. His first novel, a thriller, was published in 1948, and has been translated into ten languages. His third novel, "Abaddón el exterminador" ("The Angel of Darkness"), was named in France as the best foreign book of 1976.

Sabato died in Santos Lugares, on 30 April, 2011, from bronchitis.


Dick King-Smith

Dick King-Smith (27 March 1922 – 4 January 2011), was an English author. He wrote many children's books. The most popular was "The Sheep-Pig". This book was called "Babe the Gallant Pig" in the United States. The book was made into the movie "Babe".

King-Smith was born on 27 March 1922 in Bitton, Gloucestershire. He grew up in the West Country. He was a student at Beaudesert Park School and Marlborough College. King-Smith was a soldier in World War II. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards in Italy.

He married his first wife, Myrle, in 1943. They had 3 children and 14 grandchildren. Myrle died in 2000. King-Smith then married Zona Bedding, a family friend. He received the Order of the British Empire and an Honorary Master of Education degree.

King-Smith was a farmer for 20 years before he became a teacher and author. King-Smith's first book was "The Fox Busters". It was published in 1978. He then wrote over a hundred books. Some have been translated into 12 languages.

King-Smith died on 4 January 2011 at his home in Bath, Somerset. He was 88 years old.




Poly Styrene

Poly Styrene (3 July 1957 – 25 April 2011), was a British musician. She was best known as the singer in the early punk rock band X-Ray Spex.

She was born in 1957 in Bromley, Kent, and raised in Brixton, London. Her mother raised her alone. Her father was a Somali aristocrat. She ran away from home as a teenager and lived in empty houses. She saw the Sex Pistols perform on her birthday in 1975. That gave her the idea to start her own punk band X-Ray Spex. She was an unusual music start because she wore braces, was mixed race, and dressed differently.

Poly Styrene's real name was Marianne Joan Elliott-Said. She lived in St Leonards, East Sussex. She joined the Hare Krishna movement in 1983.

In 1991, Poly Styrene was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. She had breast cancer which metastasised to her spine. She died of breast cancer on 25 April 2011 at the age of 53.





Phoebe Snow

Phoebe Snow (July 17, 1950 - April 26, 2011) was an American singer. One of her most popular songs was "Poetry Man", from her album "Phoebe Snow". She also sang the theme song for the television series "A Different World".

In December 1975, Snow gave birth to a daughter, Valerie, who had hydrocephalus (too much liquid around the brain). Snow cared for her until Valerie died in 2007.

Snow suffered a brain hemorrhage (bleeding in the brain) in January 2010, from which she never recovered. Complications from the hemorrhage caused her death.

Vann Nath

Vann Nath (1946 – September 5, 2011) was a Cambodian artist, writer and human rights activist.

He was born in Battambang Province in northwestern Cambodia. By age 14 or 15, he was working at factory jobs for very small amounts of money. Nath was a monk from the age of 17 to 21. His sister died, and Vann Nath stopped being a monk. He began to help support the family. He entered a painting school in 1965. He was able to make money by painting after two years of study.

Natt was arrested January 7, 1978 by the Khmer Rouge He wote and painted pictures of his experiences in the Tuol Sleng prison, also known as S-21. He wrote his life story in the 1988 book, "A Cambodian Prison Portrait: One Year in the Khmer Rouge's S-21 Prison". It is the only written story by a survivor of the prison. Nath survived because he was a great artist. Comrade Duch did not kill him, so that Natt could make paintings and sculptures of Pol Pot. He played an important role in helping to revive the arts in Cambodia after decades of war and genocide.

During 2001 and 2002, Vann Nath worked with Cambodian movie director Rithy Panh to make a documentary called "". Panh brought together former prisoners and guards from the former Tuol Sleng prison. Vann Nath spoke stringly and asked his former torturers questions.

Vann Nath had many health problems in his life, but he continued to paint and write about life during the time of Pol Pot. He died in 2011 in Phnom Penh. He was 66.


Stefan Maierhofer

Stefan Maierhofer (born 16 August 1982) is a football player from Austria. He plays as striker. 

Maierhofer played his first matches for Vienna and SV Langrohr. At the age of 23 he went to FC Bayern München. He played in the second team for 2 seasons. He also played 2 matches in the first squad. He scored 21 goals in 42 Regionalliga appearances. He was top goalscorer for the squad in both seasons.

In January 2007 Maierhofer played half a season for TuS Koblenz in the second league of Germany. The next season he signed a contract with SpVgg Greuther Fürth. The club sent him on a six-month loan to Austrian Bundesliga's Rapid Vienna in January 2008. Rapid then signed a contract with him. 

In 2009 he went to the Premier League. He played for Wolverhampton Wanderers. In 2010 he went on loan to MSV Duisburg. With the team he reached the German Cup final. In August 2011 he returned to Austria and signed with F. C. Red Bull Salzburg.

He also played 15 times for the Austrian national football team. He scored two goals with them.



Vittorio Arrigoni

Vittorio Arrigoni (; 4 February 1975 – 5 April 2011) was an Italian reporter, writer, pacifist and activist. was an Italian journalist and peace activist who had gone to live in the Gaza Strip. He was very critical of Israel, but also Islamist groups that wanted an extreme Islamic state. 

An Islamic terrorist group kidnapped Arrigoni and said they would kill him unless the Hamas government released their leader from prison. They showed Arrigoni with his eyes covered, on a YouTube video, with the text "The Italian hostage entered our land only to spread corruption." The police went to a building in Gaza where they found Arrigoni's body. He had been beaten and strangled.

Thor Vilhjalmsson

Thor Vilhjalmsson (12 August 1925 – 2 March 2011) was an Icelandic writer. His first novel, "Maðurinn er alltaf einn (Man is Always Alone)" was published in 1950. In 1988 he won the Nordic Council Literary Prize for his novel "Grámosinn glóir (Justice Undone)".

Vilhjalmsson was born in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1925. He studied at the University of Iceland in 1944-1946, at the University of Nottingham in 1946-1947 and at the Sorbonne in Paris from 1947-1952. He worked as a librarian at the National Library of Iceland in 1953 and at the National Theatre 1955-1957. He was involved in many art groups and events including the Reykjavik Writers Festival, the Writer's Union of Iceland, the Federation of Icelandic Artists, the Reykjavík Arts Festival, the Reykjavík Film Festival and the Reykjavík Judo-Society.

Party Rock Anthem

"Party Rock Anthem" is a hit song by the American duo LMFAO with English singer Lauren Bennett. The song is the first single off their second and final studio album "Sorry for Party Rocking", released in 2011. The song was ranked number one in many countries.

Cy Twombly

Edwin Parker "Cy" Twombly, Jr. (April 25, 1928 – July 5, 2011) was an American artist. He used the nickname "Cy", after his father and the star baseball pitcher Cy Young.

Twombly was known for his large-scale, freely scribbled, calligraphic-style graffiti paintings, on solid fields of mostly gray, tan, or off-white colors. He exhibited his paintings worldwide. Twombly's paintings blur the line between drawing and painting. Many of his best-known paintings of the late 1960s are reminiscent of a school blackboard on which someone has practiced cursive "e"s. Twombly had at this point discarded painting figurative, representational subject-matter, citing the line or smudge – each mark with its own history – as its proper subject. 

Later, many of his paintings and works on paper moved into "romantic symbolism", and their titles can be interpreted visually through shapes and forms and words. Twombly often quoted the poet Stéphane Mallarmé, as well as many classical myths and allegories in his works. Examples of this are his "Apollo and The Artist" and a series of eight drawings consisting solely of inscriptions of the word "VIRGIL". In a 1994 retrospective, curator Kirk Varnedoe described Twombly's work as “influential among artists, discomfiting to many critics and truculently difficult not just for a broad public, but for sophisticated initiates of postwar art as well". After acquiring Twombly's "Three Studies from the Temeraire" (1998–99), the Director of the Art Gallery of New South Wales said "sometimes people need a little bit of help in recognising a great work of art that might be a bit unfamiliar". He is said to have influenced younger artists such as Anselm Kiefer, Francesco Clemente, and Julian Schnabel.


Owsley Stanley

Owsley Stanley (born Augustus Owsley Stanley III, January 19, 1935 – March 13, 2011) also known as Bear, was an important person in the rise of the San Francisco Bay counter-culture. During the Beat-era years of Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters scenes, he was also important in the explosion of 1960's psychedelia culture.

A brilliant and eclectic crafts-person he was best known under the name of "Owsley" - a magician like figure who "cooked" LSD. Under the professional name of "Bear" he is known around the world as the music producer, engineer and artist to psychedelic rock band the Grateful Dead.

Bear was the road manager for The Grateful Dead. He met the band when Kesey had them come to an Owsley Acid test party to try a new batch of LSD. Bear's technical interests helped the band's interest in electronic, acoustic and mystical properties of sound. He became their sound engineer. He was one of the first to mix sound live, and in stereo, and achieved a high sound quality. He often recorded live tapes behind his mixing board. They developed their own high-fidelity audio components and sound-systems for their performances. The bands tours evolved around a gigantic "Wall of Sound", with stacks of Stanley-designed equipment. His expert changes meant fans of the Grateful Dead could enjoy the full sonic range of the concert even in the outdoors.

His abilities helped The Dead to experiment further afield, playing in dramatic and remote places. Their need for support to tour with big shows, and their need for special equipment, meant that companies formed to supply them. These needs were the starting point for both Marin County's high-end music-instrument makers Alembic Inc and concert-sound manufacturer Meyer Sound. And his drug making helped to get the band started.

Stanley was one of the first people to manufacture mass quantities of LSD. His LSD is still known for its quality and purity. Between 1965 and 1967, Stanley produced more than 1.25 million doses of LSD. This amount of quality LSD was responsible for the wide popularity of the drug, and the development of an anti-authoritarian, anti-war counter-culture. From the 'Sunset Strip Riots' in Los Angeles, to the Summer of Love in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury was described as "the biggest LSD party in history.". The name "Owsley" was linked to cheap LSD of good quality.

Stanley died in an car accident in Queensland, Australia on March 13, 2011.

Miss Independent

"Miss Independent" is a 2003 song by the singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson, released from her album "Thankful". It was the second single overall at the time of its release by Clarkson, and her second Top Ten hit in Billboard Hot 100. "Miss Independent" was nominated with Best Female Pop Vocal Performance; however, the song lost the award to the Christina Aguilera song "Beautiful".

Bruce Cowan

David Bruce Cowan, AM (15 January 1926—7 April 2011) was an Australian politician and Minister of the Crown in the cabinets of Tom Lewis and Sir Eric Willis. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 14 years from 6 November 1965 until his resignation on 29 August 1980 and then for 13 years in the Australian House of Representatives for Lyne for the Country Party of Australia and its successors, the National Country and then National Parties.

He was the father-in-law of the current Premier of New South Wales, Barry O'Farrell.

Cowan died on 7 April 2011, a week after O'Farrell was elected Premier of New South Wales.

Anne Francis

Anne Francis (September 16, 1930 - January 2, 2011) was an American actress. She was best known for starring in the 1956 science fiction movie "Forbidden Planet". In the 1960s, she starred in her own television series, "Honey West". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her work in that series.

Francis was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2007. She died of pancreatic cancer in 2011.

Francis was married twice and had two daughters.



Dorothea Puente

Dorothea Puente (9 January, 1929 — 27 March, 2011) was an American murderer. She was sent to prison for killing three people at her home in Sacramento, California. Puente ran a boarding house where old people, people with a disability or mental illness were able to live. A social worker thought something was wrong after a mentally disabled person disappeared from her home. When the police searched the house they found seven bodies buried in the yard. Another two bodies were found in a trash can down lane 241 according to the new information Sacramento River. She killed people with drugs and stole their money. She had taken more than $87,000 from people she had murdered.

Puente had a hard life; her father was an alcoholic and her mother a prostitute. She was placed in an orphanage as a young child where she was sexually abused. She married at 16 years of age and had two children who were both later adopted. At 19 her husband died and she was sent to prison for fraud. She was sent to prison for using drugs to steal from old people. Puente said all the victims died from natural causes. She did not tell anyone they had died because she had only been let out of prison on the condition that she did not look after old people. 

The jury found her guilty of three murders. She died from natural causes while still a prisoner at the Central California Women's Facility in Chowchilla.

Paul Baran

Paul Baran (1926–2011) was an American engineer. He was one of the first people to work in developing computer networks. He invented packet switching networks. Later, he started several companies that made important parts of the Internet and other modern digital communication.
Paul Baran was born in Grodno, Poland (which is now in Belarus) on April 29, 1926. His family moved to the United States in 1928. He graduated from Drexel University in 1949 with a degree in electrical engineering. He did technical work on the first commercial computers in the United States. He got a Masters degree in engineering from UCLA. His thesis was on character recognition.
In 1959, Baran joined RAND Corporation. He designed a "survivable" communications system that could keep working across long distances even if hit by nuclear weapons. Baran proved that by dividing communication into short packages, the packages could be easily rerouted when a part of the network was lost. Special computers (called "routers") would steer the packages around the network toward their final destinations. This later became the basic design of the internet.
In 1968, Baran was a founder of the Institute for the Future, and then involved in other networking technologies developed in Silicon Valley. He founded a number of high technology companies.
Baran died in Palo Alto, California at the age of 84 on March 26, 2011, from lung cancer.
 

Tom Gehrels

Tom Gehrels (1925 – 2011), was an American astronomer, Professor Planetary Sciences, and Astronomer at the University of Arizona, Tucson. With co-workers, he discovered over 4,000 asteroids, including Apollo asteroids, Amor asteroids, as well as dozens of Trojan asteroids. Gehrels also discovered a number of comets. In an interview, Gehrels was asked what he would do if an asteroid hit the Earth. He said, "Go out there and have a look, of course."
In the 1970s, Gehrels was in charge of the Imaging Photopolarimeter experiment on the Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 satellites which explored the planets, Jupiter and Saturn.
Gehrels edited a number of space science textbooks. One of his sons, Neil Gehrels, was also an astronomer.
Gehrels was part of the Dutch Resistance in World War II. In 1994, he argued that German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun had been involved in Nazi concentration camps during that war.

Diane Cilento

Diane Cilento (2 April 1932 – 6 October 2011) was an Australian actress and author. 

She was born on 2 April 1932 in Brisbane, Queensland. Her parents were medical practitioners Sir Raphael Cilento and Phyllis, Lady Cilento. At an early age, she decided to be an actress. She graduated from Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, London and moved to England in the early 1950s. Cliento began to have roles in British movies. She went on to win international acclaim as an actress during the 1950s and 1960s. 

She was married three times and had two children. She was nominated for a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for "Tom Jones". In 2001, she was awarded the Centenary Medal, for "distinguished service to the arts, especially theatre".

She died of cancer on 6 October 2011.

Charles Napier

Charles L. Napier (April 12, 1936 – October 5, 2011) was an American actor.

Napier was born on April 12, 1936, near Scottsville, Kentucky, Napier moved to Hollywood after graduating from Western Kentucky University with a degree in art. 

His first acting position in Hollywood was on an episode of "". Napier later acted as military figures villains, such as playing Marshal Murdock in the movie "". 

Napier died on October 5, 2011, in a hospital in Bakersfield, California from thrombosis, aged 75.

Elisabeth Sladen

Elisabeth Claira Heath Sladen (1 February 1946 – 19 April 2011) was an English actress. She was best known for portraying the role of Sarah Jane Smith in the BBC sci-fi series "Doctor Who" (1973–1976, 1983, 2006, 2008, 2010). From 2007 to 2011, Sladen portrayed Sarah Jane in the CBBC spin-off series "The Sarah Jane Adventures". She died in Southall, west London on 19 April 2011 from cancer.

Born on 1 February 1946 in Liverpool, Sladen attended the Elliott-Clarke Drama school. 

Jordan Lake

B. Everett Jordan Lake is a lake in Chatham County, North Carolina. It was made by building a dam on the Haw River. Its area is about .

U + Ur Hand

"U + Ur Hand" was a highly controversial song by the American singer Pink. It was released in 2006. Its lyrics represent men that would flirt at her in nightclubs. The single caused major controversy in the United States due to racy lyrics. Some radio stations declined to play the single because of its controversial subject matter.

Melody Thornton

Melody Thornton (born September 28, 1984) is an American R&B singer-songwriter, vocalist, dancer, model, showgirl and television personality. She became famous because she was in the singing group the Pussycat Dolls. She was the youngest member of the group. 

She had the second most important singing role, next to the lead singer Nicole Scherzinger. She was noticed for her melismatic vocal runs. In 2010, Thornton left the group to work on her solo career.

Jessica Sutta

Jessica Lynn Sutta (born May 15, 1982) is an American dancer, showgirl, singer, recording artist, model, and actress. She is best known as a member of the American pop girl group and dance ensemble, the Pussycat Dolls. She left the group in January 2010 to embark her solo career. She is currently finishing up her first solo album. It is expected to be released in 2012. She is currently signed to Hollywood Records.

Ashley Roberts

Ashley Maria Roberts (born September 14, 1981) is an American dancer, showgirl, model, actress, and television personality, best known as a former member of the modern burlesque group the Pussycat Dolls. She left the Pussycat Dolls in 2010, to pursue a solo career in acting.


Kimberly Wyatt

Kimberly Kaye Wyatt (born February 4, 1982) is an American showgirl, singer-songwriter, dancer, model, actress and choreographer. She is probably best known for being in the Pussycat Dolls. She joined the Pussycat Dolls in 2003. In 2010, she said that she left the group, and made a new band called Her Majesty & The Wolves.

Edward Hardwicke

Edward Hardwicke (7 August 1932 – 16 May 2011), also spelled Edward Hardwick, was an English actor. He is best known for his role as Doctor Watson in "The Return of Sherlock Holmes" series.

Hardwicke was born in London, England, to actors Sir Cedric Hardwicke and Helena Pickard. He started his film career in Hollywood at 10. He was in Victor Fleming's film "A Guy Named Joe" with Spencer Tracy. He went back to England, attended Stowe School, and did his military service in the Royal Air Force. He then joined the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) to learn to be an actor.

Hardwicke acted at the Bristol Old Vic, The Oxford Playhouse, and the Nottingham Playhouse. In 1964, he joined the National Theatre. He performed there for seven years. He appeared in William Shakespeare's "Othello", Ibsen's "The Master Builder". Peter Shaffer's "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", "Charley's Aunt", Tom Stoppard's "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead", Congreve's "The Way of the World", Georges Feydeau's "A Flea In Her Ear", "The Crucible", Luigi Pirandello's "The Rules Of The Game", Fyodor Dostoevsky's "The Idiot", and George Bernard Shaw's "Mrs. Warren's Profession". In 1977, Hardwick went back to the National Theatre to perform in Feydeau's "The Lady from Maxim's"

In 1973, he played at the Bristol Old Vic. He played Dr. Astrov in Anton Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" and Charles Calthrop in the movie "The Day of the Jackal". In 1975, he went to the Haymarket Theatre, where he performed in Frederick Lonsdale's "On Approval". In 1976 at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, he played Sir Robert Chiltern in Oscar Wilde's "An Ideal Husband".

In 2001, he played Arthur Winslow in "The Winslow Boy" at the Chichester Festival Theatre. His father had played this role in 1948 in the movie.

Hardwicke started his television career in the 1970. He played Pat Grant in "Colditz". He then played Arthur in the sitcom "My Old Man". In 1978, Hardwicke played Bellcourt in the last episode of "The Sweeney". David Burke, who played Doctor Watson in "The Return of Sherlock Holmes" series, asked Hardwicke to take over the role. Hardwicke played this role for eight years, from 1986 to 1994. His portrayal of Watson was calmer than Holmes'. In 1989, Hardwicke played the role of Watson on the West End stage in "The Secret of Sherlock Holmes".

He performed in many movies, including "The Day of the Jackal" (1973), "The Black Windmill" (1974), Richard Loncraine's 1995 version of "Richard III", "The Scarlet Letter" (1995), "Shadowlands" (1993), "Elizabeth" (1998), "Enigma" (2001), "The Gathering Storm" (2002), "Love Actually" (2003), and Roman Polanski's "Oliver Twist" (2005).

He also narrated several movies.

Hardwicke married Anne Iddon, and they had two daughters, Kate and Emma. Hardwicke and Iddon later divorced. He then married Prim Cotton in 1995.

Hardwicke lived in Chichester. On 16 May 2011, he died of cancer.

Ludmilla Radchenko

Ludmilla Radchenko (, born November 11, 1978 in Omsk, Soviet Union) is a Russian model, artist and actress. She is best known in Italy and Anglo-Saxon countries.

Radchenko was born in Omsk. She graduated in fashion design in 1999. In 1997 she was elected "Miss Charm" at the national competition Miss Russia. She had television experiences in Moscow and St. Petersburg.

After she arrived in Italy, she began her career in an Italian spot during the television program "Paperissima". In 2001, she was a dancer in "" and, the following year, in the TV quiz "Passaparola".

In 2003, she hosted "Spicy Tg" on Antenna 3. During this time, she still modeled. In 2004 she was in the "Fox" magazine calendar. In 2005, she took part in the reality program "la Talpa". She was eliminated during the semi-finals.

In the summer of 2006, she was the main character of "On the Road", a TV program filmed in Miami. It was broadcast on the Italian television channel Italia 1. The next year, she hosted "Tuning and fanatics", a Diva's Production program on SKY. She was also a competitor in the reality program "Reality Game" on Sky Vivo.

She was chosen by window manufacturer Fapim for calendar 2008. She posed for Luca Cattoretti in the most famous erotic poses in the history of international cinema. She also works on All Music in the fashion program "Modeland". It is hosted by Jonathan Kashanian.

As an actress, she starred in the TV movie "Il viaggio" (2005). She was also in two episodes of the TV series "RIS - Delitti imperfetti" and some small roles in other Italian productions. In 2008, she stars in the movie "A Light Of Passion".

After La Talpa, she began painting. She has had some exhibitions in Milan and decides to devote herself to art.

In 2010, Radchenko made a giant cow for the "Cow Parade 2010", an international design exhibition. She also took part in an art installation at the Milan Triennale and exhibited in a solo show at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Lucca. A few months after her exhibition at Teatro alla Scala, she was chosen for the international painting Gemlucart of Monaco, where she began her collaboration with the Opera Gallery. In December 2010, Skira published her first catalog, "Power Pop". 

In February 2011, the province of Milan supported Radchenko's exhibition at the House of World Cultures. In May 2011, a New York gallery showed her work at the Eating Art festival. Her works were also exhibited at the Crown Fine Art gallery in Soho.





Gil Scott-Heron

Gilbert "Gil" Scott-Heron (April 1, 1949 – May 27, 2011) was an American poet, musician, and author. He is best known for his work in spoken-word soul music in the 1960s and 1970s and his work with Brian Jackson.

Scott-Heron is most famous for his poem and song, "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised". This piece helped develop the black protest movement and influenced the rap genre.

In 2010, he released an album titled "I'm New Here". 

Scott-Heron became HIV-positive.


Basse-Terre

Basse-Terre is the capital of France's Caribbean département d'outre-mer of Guadeloupe.

Basse-Terre is twinned with:

Separatist movements of India

Separatist movements are groups of people wanting to start a new country that is separate from a large existing country.

In India, some groups want separate countries for groups that have ethnic or language differences. Some groups call for a separate state, others for regional autonomy while some extreme groups demand complete full independence from India.
Part of Arunachal Pradesh is belong to the disputed territory of Southern Tibet.


The Arunachal Dragon Force (ADF), also known as the East India Liberation Front, is a violent secessionist movement in the eastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh. The ADF seeks to create a state resembling the pre-British Teola Country consisting of area currently in Arunachal Pradesh as well as neighboring Assam.


Geographically and culturally, the region now called north-east India is between the two traditions of Indic Asia and Mongoloid Asia and is regarded as part of Southeast Asia. This geographical-cultural condition of "in-betweenness" is an important factor in the area’s crisis of identity. The leaders of the present-day "underground outfits" continue to struggle for independence, as the political integration of the northeast to India was brought about without the approval of its people. The people of northeast India, who are culturally Mongoloid, refuse to accept the caste-ridden social system advocated by ‘Indian’ culture. Similar struggles for independence are also going on in other northeastern subdivisions or sister regions, such as Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Nagaland. Assam has been the hotbed of militancy for a number of years due to its porous borders with Bangladesh and Bhutan. The main causes of the friction include the anti-foreigner agitation in the 1980s and the simmering Assam-Bodo tensions. The insurgency status in Assam is classified as very active. The government of Bangladesh has arrested and extradited senior leaders of ULFA or the United Liberation Front of Asom was formed in April 1979 to establish a sovereign state of Assam through an armed struggle. In recent times the organisation has lost out its middle rung leaders after most of them were arrested. The National Democratic Front of Bodoland was formed in 1989 as the Bodo Security Force, aims to set up an autonomous region Bodoland. Problems in Meghalaya arise from the divide between tribals and non tribal settlers, identity issues and growing corruption besides the fear of being reduced to minority by native tribals. The activity status is classified as active.


Nagaland was created in 1963 as the 16th State of Indian Union, before which it was a district of Assam. Insurgent groups classified as active, mainly demand full independence. The Naga National Council led by Phizo was the first group to dissent in 1947 and in 1956 they went underground.

Both India and Pakistan say that Kashmir is a part of their nation. At one time, they were both a single country. India was divided based on which Party(Congress or Muslim league was more popular in each state. They fought wars over which country should get Kashmir. Separatists say that Kashmir should be a country that is separate from both India and Pakistan.




Manfred Gerlach

Manfred Gerlach (8 May 1928—17 October 2011) was the last President of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), and the only non-communist to be president.

Born in Leipzig in 1928, Gerlach was arrested at school in 1944 for starting an anti-fascist youth group. After World War Two he joined the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). This was one of the small political parties that the communist government allowed to exist. He studied law at the Walter Ulbricht German Academy of State Sciences and Law. During the 1950s he became General Secretary of the LDP and the mayor of Leipzig. From 1967 to 1990 he was on the Council of State, and its vice-chairman. He became chairman of the LDP in 1967 until it merged with two other parties in 1990, to take part in the first free elections in East Germany.

When Egon Krenz resigned as chaiman of the Council of State on 6 December, 1989, Gerlach became acting chairman ( as head of state he was effectively the President. After the 1990 elections, the new government reorganized, and removed the Council of State, and Gerlach resigned on 5 April 1990. He died in Berlin in 2011 after a long illness.

Jeff Conaway

Jeffrey Charles William Michael "Jeff" Conaway (October 5, 1950 – May 27, 2011) was an American actor. He appeared in the movie "Grease" and the television series "Taxi" and "Babylon 5". He was born in Manhattan and grew up in Queens. He worked as a model, child actor, and musician. Conaway had problems with drug addiction and died of problems from taking too many pain medications. 

Don Kirshner

Don Kirshner (April 17, 1934 – January 17, 2011) was an American song publisher and rock producer. He managed successful pop groups such as The Monkees, Kansas, and The Archies. Kirshner was born and raised in the Bronx. He studied at the Bronx High School of Science. One of his classmates there was Bobby Darin.

In the late 1950s and early 1960s Kirshner and his partner Al Nevins had a successful music publishing company called Aldon Music. They managed songwriters from the "Brill Building", including Carole King, Gerry Goffin, Neil Sedaka, Howard Greenfield, Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil and Jack Keller. He also had three record labels: Chairman, Calendar, and Kirshner Records.

ABC Television asked Kirshner to produce a new music TV program call "In Concert". He left after one year to produce his own show called "Don Kirshner's Rock Concert". This show featured live rock music performances and was very successful.

He died of heart failure in Boca Raton, Florida on January 17, 2011. He was 76 years old.

Dan Peek

Daniel Milton "Dan" Peek (November 1, 1950 July 24, 2011) was an American musician. Born in Panama City, Florida, Peek moved to England in 1963. While attending London Central High School, Peek met Dewey Bunnell and Gerry Beckley. They formed the band America, who had eight songs reach the Mainstream Top 40 between 1971 and 1975. Peek left the band in 1977 to work in Contemporary Christian music. He died on July 24, 2011 in Farmington, Missouri.

John Dye

John Carroll Dye (January 31, 1963 – January 10, 2011) was an American actor. He was born in Amory, Mississippi. He attended Mississippi State University and the University of Memphis. In 1994, Dye played the part of Andrew, the angel of death, in the television series "Touched by an Angel". The show ran for nine seasons before ending in April 2003. In 2000, he starred in the television movie "Once Upon a Christmas". In 2001, he appeared in the sequel "Twice Upon a Christmas".

Dye died on January 10, 2011, in San Francisco, California, from heart failure.

Park Gyu-ri

Park Gyu-ri (born on May 21, 1988 in Seoul) is a South Korean singer. She is often known by the mononym Gyuri. She was a member of the girl group Kara, which was formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007. As the leader of the group, she is reported to have come up with its name.


Kang Jiyoung

Kang Jiyoung (born January 18, 1994) is a South Korean singer, former member of the Korean girl group Kara.

Cliff Robertson

Clifford Parker "Cliff" Robertson, III (September 9, 1923 – September 10, 2011) was an American actor with a long movie and television career. Robertson played the role of John F. Kennedy in the 1963 movie "PT 109". He won the 1968 Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Charly". On television, he acted as retired astronaut Buzz Aldrin in the 1976 movie "Return to Earth". He played a role based on Director of Central Intelligence Richard Helms in the 1977 movie based on John Ehrlichman's Watergate novel "The Company". He played Henry Ford in the 1987 "Ford: The Man and the Machine". His last well-known role was Uncle Ben in the three Spider-Man movies made between 2002 and 2007.


Jagjit Singh

Jagjit Singh (8 February 1941 — 10 October 2011) was an Indian singer. He was known as the "Ghazal King". Ghazal is a classical type of song, dating back to ancient Persia. It uses a special rhyming pattern and the words are written using a special pattern of stanzas. The songs are always about love. Singh, and his wife Chitra Singh who is also a ghazal singer, achieved a lot of commercial success in the 1970s and 1980s. He recorded more than 50 albums.

The ghazal is very popular in Pakistan, and Singh was one of the few Indian singers to become a success in that country. His music was described as "...gentle and soothing, and went to your heart." Ghazal was once a classical, elite type of music and poetry. Singh was able to make ghazal popular by singing in many different languages, singing ghazal in movies and music videos. He used modern technology and was the first ghazal singer to use multi-tracking.

He died in Mumbai, after a stroke in 2011.

Grete Waitz

Grete Waitz (1 October 1953 – 19 April 2011) was a Norwegian marathon runner and former world record holder. Waitz won nine New York City Marathons between 1978 and 1988, more than any other runner in history. She won a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. She won a gold medal at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki.
Waitz also won the London Marathon in 1983 and 1986. The win in 1986 was her personal best time of 2:24:54. She won the Stockholm Marathon in 1988 at 2:28:24. (As of 2011 this is the Stockholm course record for women).
In 2000, Waitz was inducted into the United States National Distance Running Hall of Fame. She died from cancer in 2011.



Ryan Dunn

Ryan Matthew Dunn (June 11, 1977 – June 20, 2011) was an American stunt performer, television personality, actor and comedian. He was best known for being a member of the "Jackass" and "Viva La Bam" television programs. He died in car crash in West Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. Police reported that Dunn was the driver. His blood alcohol level was 0.196%. That is more than twice the state's legal limit of 0.08%.

Knut Steen

Knut Steen (19 November 1924 – 22 September 2011) was a Norwegian sculptor. He spent much of his life living between Sandefjord, Norway, and Carrara, Italy. He began sculpting in 1946 and worked with a range of materials including marble, granite, bronze, steel and concrete. In 2011 a small museum was opened in Sandefjord to display some of his work. The collection holds 12 marble sculptures and four works.


Pokémon Mystery Dungeon

Pokémon Mystery Dungeon is a "Pokémon" game where you form a rescue team ("Pokémon Mystery Dungeon Blue" and "Red Rescue Team") or an exploration team ("Pokémon Mystery Dungeon Explorers of Darkness", "Time and Sky"). In the game, the main star is you, and before you start playing, you have to answer a quiz to determine what Pokémon you turn into.

Alberto Granado

Alberto Granado Jiménez (8 August 1922 — 5 March 2011) was an Argentine biochemist. He traveled through South America in 1951 with his friend Che Guevara on a motorcycle. They kept a journal about the trip and what they saw. These writings were the basis for Walter Salle's movie, "The Motorcycle Diaries" (2004).

Granado was born in Hernando, Argentina, and later studied chemistry and pharmacology at the University of Córdoba. Active in politics, he spent time in prison after taking part in student protests against the government. He met Che at university, and in 1951 they traveled thousands of miles and finally ended up in Caracas, Venezuela. Che went back home to finish his medical degree, but Granado stayed and worked in a leprosy clinic.

Granada moved to Cuba in 1961 and set up the school of medicine at the University of Santiago. He later moved to Havana and was able to work on scientific research. He died in Havana in 2011. He asked for his ashes to be scattered in Cuba, Argentina and Venezuela.

Tony Tan

Tony Tan Keng Yam (, born 7 February 1940, in Singapore) is the seventh President of Singapore from 2011 through 2017. Until 1 July 2011, he was executive director and Deputy Chairman of the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC) and Chairman of Singapore Press Holdings Limited (SPH). He previously was Chairman of Singapore's National Research Foundation and Deputy Chairman of the Research, Innovation and Enterprise Council. In the late 1980s, he was Lee Kuan Yew's first choice to succeed him as Prime Minister of Singapore, but he declined. He later returned to Cabinet and as Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister from 1995 to 2005, and Minister for Defence from 1995 to 2003.

In August 2011, Tan won the Singapore presidential election by a narrow 0.34% margin, and was sworn in as the seventh President of Singapore on 1 September 2011.


Nguyen Cao Ky

Nguyễn Cao Kỳ (8 September 1930–23 July 2011) was a South Vietnamese military leader, politician and Prime Minister of the Republic of Vietnam in a military junta from 1965 to 1967.

|-

Thriller (song)

Thriller is a 1983 song by Michael Jackson. It was on this album "Thriller". It was written by Rod Temperton. The song has been featured on many of his greatest hits albums. It has been covered by other musicians. It was narrated by Vincent Price.

The music video was made by John Landis, George J. Folsey, Jr., and Jackson. It is 13 minutes long and was MTV's first world premiere video. In it Jackson turns into a werecat and a zombie. The video was nominated for six MTV Video Music Awards in 1984. It won Viewers Choice, Best Overall Performance and Best Choreography. It did not win Best Concept Video, Best Male Video, or Video of the Year. In 1985 it won the Grammy Award for Best Video, Long Form.

In 1999 MTV put "Thriller" #1 in their 100 Greatest Music Videos Ever Made list.

In 2009 the video for "Thriller" was added to the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress. It was the first music video ever to be added to it.

In 2013 entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 again.

Equivalence relation

In mathematics, an equivalence relation formula_1 on a set is a mathematical relation that is symmetric, transitive and reflexive. For a given element formula_2 on that set, the set of all elements related to formula_2 (in the sense of formula_1) is called the equivalence class of formula_2, and written as formula_6. 

With an equivalence relation, it is possible to partition a set into distinct equivalence classes. As an example, consider the set of all animals on a farm and define the following relation: two animals are related if they belong to the same species. Under this relation, a cow is related to an ox, but not to a chicken. In fact, this relation is an equivalence relation because:
In this example, the set of all animals related to a particular ox forms an equivalence class—it is the set of cattle. In fact, the set of all animals on this farm can be partitioned into different equivalence classes (in this case species).


Solid-state drive

A solid-state drive (SSD) is a data storage device, typically used in a computer. It uses flash memory to store data even after power is turned off. SSDs are designed to access data in the same way as traditional hard disk drives (HDDs). An HDD can usually be directly replaced with an SSD. Most SSDs use the SATA interface, the same as what HDDs use. Some SSDs also use other interfaces for other devices, like servers.

The best thing about solid state drives is that they have a much faster read/write speed than hard disk drives. They also have no moving parts, which means they don't make noise or break as easily. However, SSDs are often more expensive than a hard drive. This also means that for the same price, someone can get much more capacity if they select an HDD instead. However, SSD prices had dropped over the years due to advancements in technology. 

A hybrid drive combines the features of an HDD and an SSD into one unit. It contains a large HDD and a smaller SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed files. A hybrid drive can offer almost the same performance as an SSD, and it can contain more capacity. The price is also lower than of an SSD. The main market for this drive are the laptop users, as these devices can accommodate no more than one drive. However, As of 2023, hybrid drives are becoming obsolete due to decreasing prices of SSD. 

The solid state drive technology is improving quickly, and new SSD models are being introduced often. However, they have not gained popularity among many users. We still find that HDDs are still dominating the market. Sales of SSDs are expected to escalate and overturn that of HDDs after 2020. The biggest draw back to SSDs over hard disk drives is that SSDs have a limited amount of read and writes it can take before the sector fails, as is not a issue with traditional hard disk drives. This is not a problem for most people, unless if you are heavily reading and writing to the SSD. However, modern SSDs often have more read and write cycles, and there are specific SSDs that can sustain such heavy read and writes. They are often used in servers.

When SSDs were first introduced into the market, manufacturers' made sure that they fit into the slots and bays initially used by the HDDs. As such, they had the 3.5 and 2.5 inch form factors. However, as technology advances, more form factors emerged. Smaller form factors that directly interfaces with PCIe and NVMe slots emerged. These included the mSATA, PCIe and M.2, form factors. 

NVMe (Non-Volatile Memory Express) is a communications interface and driver for PCIe SSDs and NVMe SSDs have higher transfer rates than traditional SATA SSDs up to 32,0000MB/s. It also has a new mechanism called “Submission and Completion Queue” that manages and controls data flow into queues. Like a computer with 6 cores might have 6 queues and are kept in the core's cache. The traditional form factors 2.5 inch and M.2 as well as being able to slot into a PCIe x16 with an expansion card. Also pushing the max capacity of a consumer NVMe SSD to 16TB as of 2023. NVMe SSDs are becoming more common, and most devices made in the last 5 years include at least one NVMe slot. NVMe SSDs come in 2230, 2242, 2260, 2280, and 22110. Most consumer SSDs use 2280, while smaller devices use 2242 and now 2230 SSDs. 22110 SSDs are usually used in servers, while 2260 NVMe SSDs are not that common. . . .

Martial Célestin

Martial Lavaud Célestin (October 4, 1913 – February 4, 2011) was the first Prime Minister of Haïti. He was born in Ganthier and worked as a lawyer. President Leslie Manigat made him prime minister in March 1988. A coup removed Célestin from power on 20 June 1988.

Norwegian Crusade

The Norwegian Crusade was one of several religious wars in which European countries fought against Muslims in Turkey and the Middle East. The First Crusade was 1095-1099. The Norwegian Crusade was next, from 1107 to 1110. King Sigurd I led the crusade. Sigurd was the first European king to go on crusade to the Holy Land. He did not lose any battles. The Norwegian crusade seems to have been similar to earlier Viking raids.


Jumping spider

Jumping spiders belong to the family "Salticidae". These spiders catch their prey by jumping on them.

Species live in many habitats, from leaves lying on the ground, to the tops of trees in the forest, and even way up on Mt. Everest. They are found on every continent in the world except for Antarctica. 

At present, 5026 species in 530 genera have been found. They are actually the largest family of spiders, with about 13% of all species.

They are easy to identify because their eye pattern is distinctive. They have eight eyes, two of which are very large, and because their faces form a flat surface, facing where they are going.

They often hunt high up in bushes, or on vertical walls. To save themselves from falling they do something very much like what climbers do to protect themselves in the mountains. Humans tie a rope to the mountain and attach the other end to the harness they wear. Jumping spiders attach silk from their spinnerets to the thing on which they are standing and then they jump. While they are moving through the air they make silk so that there is always a safety rope trailing out behind them. 

Jumping spiders can jump long distances for their size, as much as 16 cm. When they jump, they use their hind legs. They raise their front legs to be ready to grab their prey.

Many other kinds of spider hunt at night, but jumping spiders depend on their eyes, so they like to come out in the daytime. Often they will find a sunny spot on a wall or tree trunk.

There are however many variations, and many surprising aspects. For one thing, Salticids do not necessarily follow a straight path in approaching prey. They may follow a circuitous course, sometimes even a course that takes the hunter through places where the prey is not visible. Such complex behaviour is hard to reconcile with an organism that has such a tiny brain. Some spiders in species of "Portia" can take long detours from one bush down to the ground, then up the stem of another bush to capture a prey item on a particular leaf. Such behaviour is the subject of research.
Because they have good vision, jumping spiders can see human beings when they approach. Some jumping spiders may run away from approaching humans, and some do not. But either way a jumping spider will watch a nearby human being. When they do not run away, but do turn to keep watch over a human being, it may seem that they are interested in us. Some of them will even jump from where they are sitting on branches, rocks, etc. onto a person's finger or camera. These spiders only bite to get something to eat or to defend themselves, so if they jump on somebody's hand they will not bite. People might get bitten if they pinch or squeeze a jumping spider.

Jumping spiders are able to climb glass and other very smooth surfaces because besides having two claws on each foot they also have sticky hairs (called "scopulae") that hold onto the surface. Many tiny ends on each hair are held to the glass by Van der Waals forces, the force that will make two very flat sheets of glass stick tightly together without any glue.

Jumping spiders are able to see very clearly. Two of their eight eyes are very large and are complicated inside. The eyes cannot move, so the spider will often move its body to look at what it wants to see. However, it can also move the retinas of its two main eyes on the inside of the eye, so the center of the eye's picture can be moved. So the jumping spider has binocular vision.

Very few kinds of jumping spider make webs; instead they use their silk for their safety rope and also to make a kind of tent where they sleep at night, shed their skins (molt), lay their eggs, and enjoy a long sleep during winter (hibernate). Their silk comes out of their spinnerets (see diagram).

William Lipscomb

William Nunn Lipscomb, Jr. (December 9, 1919– April 14, 2011) was a Nobel Prize-winning American inorganic and organic chemist. He worked in nuclear magnetic resonance, theoretical chemistry, boron chemistry, and biochemistry.

Lipscomb was born in Cleveland, Ohio. His family moved to Lexington, Kentucky in 1920.He lived there until he earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry at the University of Kentucky in 1941. Then he earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Chemistry from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in 1946.

From 1946 to 1959, he taught at the University of Minnesota. From 1959 to 1990, he was a professor of chemistry at Harvard University. After 1990, he became a professor emeritus at Harvard.

Lipscomb went to live in Cambridge, Massachusetts until his death in 2011 from pneumonia.

Lipscomb was one of the first people to use nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) to study chemical structures. He learned out how to look at NMR data to find what atoms are connected together in a molecule. This is called "chemical shift".

Lipscomb studied molecules. These molecules included boron atoms. Lipscomb used this work to learn basic ideas about how atoms form chemical bonds. Lipscomb and his students created many important ideas in the field of theoretical chemistry. His work on boron compounds won a Nobel Prize in 1976. Three of his students went on to also win separate Nobel Prizes in Chemistry.

Lipscomb's later research was on the atomic structure of proteins. He studied how enzymes work. His group used x-ray diffraction to measure the three-dimensional structure of these proteins. He calculated the exact location of every single atom in these large molecules. Lipscomb then studied these details to learn how the molecules work in biological systems.
Carboxypeptidase A was the first protein structure from Lipscomb's group.

Five books and published collections of writings are dedicated to Lipscomb.


I Am Weasel

I Am Weasel (also spelled as I.M. Weasel because of the character) is an American animated television series produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Hanna-Barbera, created by David Feiss and aired on Cartoon Network. The show is about a very smart weasel named I.M. Weasel who uses his talents to help people in all different ways, and because of this is adored by everybody in the world. There is also a stupid baboon named I.R. Baboon who wants to be more admired than the weasel by trying to help people in his own way, but this often has bad results and makes everyone dislike him.

"I Am Weasel" was originally a series of segments in its sister series "Cow and Chicken", usually being aired as the third of three segments in a "Cow and Chicken" episode. The series started on July 15, 1997 and its first four seasons premiered in that format. In 1999, "I Am Weasel" was separated and got its own half-hour show, premiering as an independent series on June 10, 1999. All of the 52 episodes of "I Am Weasel" that originally aired on "Cow and Chicken" began to air in the new independent show, and were later joined by a fifth season with 27 new episodes, for a total of 79 episodes. The series ended in 2000.


Hella Haasse

Hélène "Hella" Serafia Haasse (2 February 1918 – 29 September 2011) was a Dutch writer. She was often called "the Grand Old Lady" of Dutch literature.

Many people think her greatest book is "Heren van de Thee" (The Tea Lords). It is famous in many countries around the world. In 1988 Haasse interviewed the Dutch Queen for her 50th birthday.

Haasse has received many awards for her writing. She received the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 1981 and the P. C. Hooft Award in 1984. She also won the Annie Romein Prize, the Dirk Martens Prize, and the Prize of the Public of the NS. She is the only author who has written for "Boekenweek" (Book Week) three times, in 1948, 1959 and 1994.

Many of Haasse's books have been translated into French. The Académie française gave Hasse an award called the "Diplôme de médaille Argent" in 1984. In 2000, she received another award. It was the "Officier dans l’Ordre de la Légion d'Honneur".

The Chilean Ministry of Education gave her a prize in 1996. In 1989 the city of Boston awarded her the Boston Certificate of Recognition for her book "In a Dark Wood Wandering". In 1992, Haasse went to the opening of the IKAPI International (Worldwide) Book Fair in Jakarta and visited Java, where she was born.

Derived demand

Derived demand is what happens when someone buys one thing which then makes someone need to buy something else as well. For example if someone bought a car then someone has to buy the metal that is used to build it. 

Pete Postlethwaite

Pete Postlethwaite OBE (7 February 1946 – 2 January 2011) was a British actor. In 1994, he was nominated for an Oscar for his part in "In the Name of the Father". He was also awarded an OBE by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003.

Postlethwaite was born in Warrington, Lancashire and died of pancreatic cancer in Shrewsbury, Shropshire.

IHOP

The International House of Pancakes, better known by its acronym IHOP, is a restaurant chain. It serves mostly breakfast foods but also serves lunch and dinner. There are more than 1,500 restaurants in all 50 states as well as in Canada, Mexico, Guatemala, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.

IHOP was founded in 1958 by Jerry Lapin, Al Lapin and Albert Kallis. The first IHOP opened in Toluca Lake, Los Angeles, California.

Otmar Gutmann

Otmar Gutmann (April 24, 1937 in Münstertal - October 13, 1993 in Russikon) was a German television producer, animator and director. He is best known for making the cartoon Pingu.

Zwijndrecht, Netherlands

Zwijndrecht is a municipality in the province South Holland in the Netherlands. It is between the cities Rotterdam and Dordrecht.

In 2011, about 44,500 people lived there.

Zwijndrecht

Zwijndrecht is the name of two municipalities:

Kan'ichi Asakawa

He was born in Nihonmatsu, Japan. He studied at Waseda University in Tokyo.

In 1899, he earned a bachelor's degree (B.A.) at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. He continued his studies at Yale University. He earned a doctor's degree (Ph.D.) in 1902.

He lectured at Dartmouth in 1902. In 1906–1907, he was a professor at Waseda.

In 1907, Asakawa was appointed curator of the East Asian Collection at Yale's Sterling Memorial Library.

Asakawa was an instructor at Yale from 1907 through 1910 when became an assistant professor. He became the first Japanese professor at a major American university. He taught history at Yale for 35 years. Among those he influenced was John Whitney Hall.

Asakawa helped found Japan studies and Asian studies in the United States.

After the end of the Russo-Japanese War, Asakawa began to speak out against the growth of militarism in Japan. In 1941, he tried to prevent war between the US and Japan.

In an overview of writings by and about Kan'ichi Asakawa, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 110+ works in 220+ publications in 5 languages and 2,400+ library holdings.

His works also included contributions to the publications "Japan" edited by Frank Brinkley (1904); the "History of Nations Series" (1907); "China and the Far East" (1910); "Japan and Japanese-American Relations" (1912); and "The Pacific Ocean in History" (1917).

Asakawa lived most of his life in the United States. In the history of the Japanese-Americans, he is considered among the "Issei" who were immigrants born in Japan.

In 2007 the Asakawa Japanese garden at Yale, designed by Shinichiro Abe, was dedicated to mark the centennial of Asakawa's appointment as an instructor of history at Yale.




OPERA experiment

The Oscillation Project with Emulsion-tRacking Apparatus (OPERA) is a scientific experiment for detecting tau neutrinos from muon neutrino oscillations. The experiment is a joint effort between the European Centre for Nuclear Research (CERN) and the Gran Sasso National Laboratory (LNGS). In September 2011, OPERA scientists said that they had seen neutrinos appear to travel faster than the speed of light. However, the scientists later found problems in their equipment which had caused the anomaly. The neutrino time of flight was consistent with the speed of light.


Ian Nish

Ian Hill Nish CBE (born 3 June 1926) is a British academic, a specialist in Japanese studies, and Emeritus Professor of International History at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
He is an expert on the Anglo-Japanese Alliance and Japanese foreign policy.

Nish was born in Edinburgh in 1926.

World War II gave opportunity to many young non-Japanese to become specialists in Japanese studies; and Ian Nish was one of them..

He studied at the School of Japanese Studies in Simla and Karachi in British India.

He earned a master's degree (M.A.) at the University of Edinburgh. He was awarded a doctorate degree (Ph.D.) at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London.

Nish taught in the history department of the University of Sydney from 1957 to 1962.

From 1962 through 1991, Nish taught at the London School of Economics in London. He retired in 1991.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Ian Nish, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 200+ works in 300+ publications in 4 languages and 7,000+ library holdings.

Nish argues that "a foreign scholar of Japan is often only a middleman attempting to distill the ideas of Japanese scholars".


Reggaeton

Reggaeton is a form of urban music that first became popular with Latin American youths in the early 1990s. Reggaeton's predecessor originated in Panama as Reggae en Español. After the music's gradual exposure in Puerto Rico, it eventually evolved into reggaeton. It blends British West reggae and dancehall with Latin American genres, as well as hip hop. Modern reggaeton beats follow the structure of the Dem Bow Riddim, a beat created by Jamaican producers Steely & Clevie in the late 80s and early 90s. However, over the years, it has been losing every noticeable similarity with its original reggae origins.


First Kashmir War

The India-Pakistan War of 1947-48 is also known as the First Kashmir War. It was fought between the Dominion of India and Dominion of Pakistan over the former Princely state of Kashmir and Jammu from 1947 to 1948. 

This was the first of four wars fought between the two newly independent nations. The war initially begun as a rebellion by the mainly Muslim Pahari rebels in western Kashmir against the mainly Hindu Dogra rulers of the Jammu and Kashmir state and it turned into a full fledged war between India and Pakistan. The result of the war still affects the geopolitics of both the countries. The result of the war was inconclusive. However, neutral assessments seem to agree that India was the victor of the war because it was able to successfully defend about two-thirds of the Kashmir, including Kashmir valley, Jammu and Ladakh.

[[Category:20th century in Pakistan
Indo-Pakistani War of 1965

The Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 was a war that took place between April 1965 and 23 September 1965 between Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the Republic of India. This conflict became known as the Second Kashmir War. Both countries fought over the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir. The first Kashmir War took place in 1947. The war began after Pakistan's Operation Gibraltar. In this operation, Pakistan wanted to bring forces into Indian-held Jammu and Kashmir to conquer the area of Kashmir ruled by India. The five-week war caused thousands of deaths on both side. Ceasefire was declared through UNSC (United Nations Security Council) Resolution 211. The Tashkent Declaration was signed between India and Pakistan on 10 January 1966 to resolve the war .

The war was fought on the western front after Pakistan launched "Operation Gibraltar" - a covert offensive in which up to 30,000 fighters were pushed across the ceasefire line into Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir. India retaliated by crossing the international border at Lahore. At midnight on 6 September, India crossed the international border between India and Pakistan and attacked Lahore and Kasur. The Pakistan Army and Air Force prepared for war in a hurry and started attacks on India. The attacks also started in the areas of Jammu and Kashmir. The war was fought on the border until 22 September when UN asked for ceasefire. Pakistan army had to face very heavy causalities.

The war affected a lot of people and the thousands of Pakistani families had to leave their house and belongings and move to safer areas because of India's capture of Lahore.

It has been a real confusion on who won the war. Both nations believe it has been won by them but no one is sure who really won the war.
Individuals in the Pakistani establishment bureaucracy and army believed that Pakistan was victorious, or believed it should be promoted as such. In Pakistan, it is celebrated as a public holiday known as Defense Day on 6 September.


Nusrat Bhutto

Begum Nusrat Bhutto (, , March 23, 1929 – October 23, 2011) was an Iranian-Pakistani who was the former First Lady of Pakistan and widow of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. She became her husband's successor as the chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) from 1979 to 1983. The couple had four children: PPP chairman and the first and only female Pakistani Prime Minister, Benazir Bhutto (1953-2007), Murtaza Bhutto (1954-1996), Sanam Bhutto (born 1957) and Shahnawaz Bhutto (1958-1985). She died on October 23, 2011.

Japan studies

Japanese studies (or Japanology) is a term generally used to describe the historical and cultural study of Japan. In North America, the academic field is usually referred to as Japanese studies. The term "Japanology" is more often used in Europe.

Japanology is the study of many subjects, including

The roots of Japanology begin with the Dutch at Dejima, Nagasaki in the Edo period.

Japanology was encouraged by the Asiatic Society of Japan at Yokohama which was established in 1872.







Blind Fool Love

Blind Fool Love is a post-hardcore Italian band, made in Toscana, Italy in 2005. In 2007 the band released their first demo, followed by the EP "Il pianto" in May 2011. The first studio album is called "La strage di Cupido" and was released in September 27, 2011, by Sony Music.





Codelco

Codelco-Chile () is a state mining company in Chile that uses and exploits copper.

It was founded in 1955 like the "Copper Office". In 1966, under President Eduardo Frei Montalva, the Copper Office changes the name to "Copper Corporation of Chile (Codelco)". It was nationalized on July 11, 1971 under Salvador Allende. In 1976 was created the "Corporación Nacional del Cobre de Chile" under the Augusto Pinochet administration.

Considering the size of installations and volume of production, it is considered one of the largest mining companies in the world.



Planet Dinosaur

Planet Dinosaur is a six-part documentary television series produced by the BBC, narrated by John Hurt, first aired in the United Kingdom in 2011, produced by VFX studio Jellyfish Pictures. It is the first major dinosaur-related series for BBC One since "Walking with Dinosaurs". There are more than 50 different prehistoric species featured, and they and their environments were created entirely as computer-generated images, for only a third of the production cost that was needed a decade earlier for "Walking with Dinosaurs". By the time the third episode aired, the companion book to the series was released accompany it. The DVD will be released after the series finishes.

CBBC aired a spin-off, "Planet Dinosaur Files", from 29 September, 2011, hosted by Jem Stansfield. Each episode compares three Mesozoic creatures and involves practical tests to replicate certain behaviours in an attempt to find out which creature holds a certain title, such as the "most powerful" theropod.

Tom Sutcliffe in the "Independent" found that it was visually "polished and jazzed up" but that the "knowledge and science generally take second place to B-movie spectacle".


Protecting Children from Internet Pornographers Act of 2011

On July 28, 2011, the United States House Judiciary Committee passed the Protecting Children from Internet Pornographers Act of 2011 (HR 1981). The bill passed by a vote of 19-10. Next the bill will be discussed in the House of Representatives. Some people are against this bill because it gives a lot of access to personal information. Some people have said that the bill will not become a law, but the Congressional Budget Office put out a report on October 12, 2011, with the cost of making the changes in the bill. The next step is that the bill will be discussed in the House of Representatives.

On May 25, 2011, Representative Lamar Smith of Texas introduced the bill. It was co-sponsored by 25 other Representatives of the House. On July 28, 2011 the bill was passed by the House Judiciary Committee. It has to go through more approvals before it becomes a law.

The purpose of the bill is to protect children. The bill would give the police more access to information in order to find and catch people who make and/or distribute child pornography.

This bill would create laws that give bigger punishments for people charged with child pornography. The bill also makes companies that people in the United States get internet service from (internet service providers or ISPs) keep records of all of their customers' internet use for twelve months. They would have to keep this information in case it needs to be used to investigate people.

On October 12, 2011 a report on the costs of the bill was released. This report said that the cost to the government would be very small and that the internet service companies would have to pay more than $200 million. That money includes the cost of storing the extra information about their customers.

Some say that because of the Patriot Act, this law could mean that people could lose some of their civil rights. Representative Zoe Lofgren, (D-Calif.) is very against the bill and asked for it to be renamed the "Keep Every American's Digital Data for Submission to the Federal Government Without a Warrant Act." She believes that people will have a lot less privacy if this is passed.

People who are in favor of the bill say that the police and other law enforcers need to be able to go back and look at the records of IP addresses, because these addresses can change over time. So the police need to be able to check the records in order to catch people. occurred. Lamar Smith, the bill's sponsor, said that: ""Some Internet service providers currently retain these [IP] addresses for business purposes. But the period of retention varies widely among providers, from a few days to a few months. The lack of uniform data retention impedes the investigation of Internet crimes." Smith said that the number of child pornography cases grew by 150% a year every year for the past ten years.

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan (born 1 November 1973) is an Indian actress. She won the Miss World 1994 pageant. Her acting has made her one of the most popular celebrities in India. She has won many awards, including two Filmfare Awards. Bachchan also was given the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009 and the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the Government of France in 2012.

She was born into the family of merchant navy officer Krishnaraj Raja and writer Vrinda Rai. The actress has an older brother - a merchant navy engineer Aditya.

Aishwarya's native language is Tulu, and she also speaks English, Hindi, Marathi, and Tamil. As a child she studied classical music and dance. At an early age, she moved with her family to Bombay, where she studied at Arya Vidya Mandir high school in the suburbs of Santacruz. After graduating from Ruparel College (before that she studied at Jai Hind College for a year), she entered the university, where she began to study architecture, but then became a model. In 1994 she won the Miss World contest. After participating in the Pepsi advertising campaign, she starred for Vogue magazine. 

Aishwarya's first role in a film was the well-received film "Tandem" in 1997, where she played a dual role: a rural beauty and an actress. 

On January 14, 2007, she announced her engagement to actor Abhishek Bachchan, the son of the famous actor Amitabh Bachchan, and married him on April 20 of that year. On November 16, 2011, Aishwarya Rai gave birth to a daughter at a clinic in Mumbai. The girl was named Aaradhia Bachchan.

Mariner 9

Mariner 9 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the ninth spacecraft in the Mariner programme. It was sent to study and orbit the planet Mars. It was the first spacecraft to orbit another planet. Mariner 9 was launched on May 30, 1971 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Mariner 9 reached Mars on November 13, 1971, after a ~170 day flight. The spacecraft was sent to map 70 % of the surface of Mars and to study the temperature changes of the Martian atmosphere and surface. When it arrived, a dust storm hid the surface of Mars. After a few months the dust settled and Mariner 9 discovered the Valles Marineris.

Flemming Jørgensen

Flemming "Bamse" Duun Jørgensen (7 February 1947 – 1 January 2011) was a Danish pop singer and actor. He was the lead singer of the band Bamses Venner () and also released solo albums. As an actor he received a Robert Award for best male supporting actor in 1986 for the movie "Ofelia kommer til byen" (). Jørgensen died of a cardiac arrest on New Year's Day in 2011.


William George Aston

William George Aston (9 April 1841 – 22 November 1911) was a British diplomat, author and scholar-expert in the language and history of Japan and Korea.

Aston was born near Londonderry in Ireland. In 1859-1863, he studied at Queen's College in Belfast, which is now Queen's University Belfast.

Aston was an interpreter in the British Legation in Japan in 1864. He studied with Ernest Mason Satow. 

Aston worked in the British consular service in Tokyo, Kobe and Nagasaki. He retired in 1889. 

Along with Satow and Basil Hall Chamberlain, Aston was one of three major British Japanologists during the 19th century.

Aston was the first translator of the "Nihongi" into the English language (1896).

In 1884, Aston was the first Western diplomat to live in Korea. 

Aston donated his translations of Korean folk tales to the Asiatic Museum in St. Petersberg, Russia and they were published in 2004. This part of Aston's personal collection is now at the Academy of Sciences in St Petersburg.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about William George Aston, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 90+ works in 200+ publications in 4 languages and 3,000+ library holdings.




Emperor Junna

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was .

Junna had six Empresses and Imperial consorts and 13 Imperial sons and daughters. 

Junna was Crown Prince for 13 years.





According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Junna is in Nishikyō-ku, Kyoto. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at this location.

The years of Junna's reign are identified by more than one era name ("nengō").


Stye

Styes (), also hordeolum () are infections at the base of a human eyelid or the eyelash. They are usually formed in the lids and are small red bumps; these styes can be either external or internal. Styes are small-sized and rather short in duration. They happen particularly often in infants, although people of all ages can get it. They're triggered by eye rubbing or poor nutrition. They often last four days under treatment to two weeks without.

Isaac Titsingh

Isaac Titsingh FRS (10 January 1745 in Amsterdam – 2 February 1812 in Paris) was a Dutch surgeon, scholar, merchant-trader and ambassador.

At Dejima Island in Japan, Titsingh was the head of the Dutch East India Company("Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie" or "VOC" in Dutch) during 1779-1780, 1781–1783, and 1784. In these years, the Japanese policy of seclusion of isolation ("sakoku") limited all contact with non-Japanese.
In this highly controlled context, the VOC traders became the sole official conduit for trade and for scientific-cultural exchanges between Japan and the West.

Titsingh is believed to have been the first Freemason in Japan.

In 1785, Titsingh was appointed Director of the VOC trading post at Chinsura in Bengal. He formed a friendship with William Jones, the philologist and Bengal jurist.

Titsingh’s return to Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia) led to new VOC positions as "Ontvanger-Generaal" (Treasurer) and later as "Commissaris ter Zee" (Maritime Commissioner).

In Batavia, Titsingh met with the British Ambassador do China, Lord Macartney who was travelling to the Imperial Court in Peking. Titsingh encouraged McCartney to abandon a planned expedition to Japan in 1793.

Titsingh was appointed Dutch Ambassador to the court of the Emperor of China. He was in Peking for the celebrations of the sixtieth anniversary of the reign of the Qianlong Emperor. In Peking, the Titsingh delegation included Andreas Everardus van Braam Houckgeest and Chrétien-Louis-Joseph de Guignes.

Titsingh is believed to have been the first Freemason in China. and the only to be received personally in the court of the Qianlong emperor.

Among the Japanese books brought to Europe by Titsingh, was a copy of by Hayashi Shihei (1738–93). This book, which was published in Japan in 1785, deals with Chosen (Korea) and the kingdom of Ryukyu (Okinawa) and Ezo (Hokkaido). In Paris, the text represented the first appearance of Korean han'gŭl in Europe.

Titsingh died in Paris (February 2, 1812), and he is buried in Père-Lachaise cemetery.

After Titsingh's death, the printed original and Titsingh's translation were purchased by Jean-Pierre Abel-Rémusat (1788–1832) at the Collège de France.

In 1832, Julius Klaproth (1783-1735) at the "Institut Royal" publish his edited version of Titsingh's translation.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Seki Takakau, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 90+ works in 150+ publications in 7 languages and 1,600+ library holdings.



Morrison Formation

The Morrison Formation is a geological formation laid down in the Upper Jurassic. It is a distinctive sequence of sedimentary rock in the western United States, and is named after Morrison, Colorado. It has been the most fertile source of dinosaur fossils in North America. 

It is composed of mudstone, sandstone, siltstone and limestone. Its colour is light grey, greenish gray, or red. Most of the fossils occur in the green siltstone beds and lower sandstones, relics of the rivers and floodplains of the Jurassic period.

The formation is in Wyoming and Colorado, with outcrops in Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, the panhandles of Oklahoma and Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and Idaho. Equivalent rocks under different names are found in Canada. It covers an area of 1.5 million square km (600,000 square miles), although only a tiny fraction is exposed and accessible to geologists and paleontologists. Over 75% is still buried under the prairie to the east and much of the rest was destroyed by erosion as the Rocky Mountains rose to the west.

The first fossils were discovered by Arthur Lakes in 1877. That same year, it became the center of the Bone Wars, a fossil-collecting rivalry between early paleontologists Othniel Charles Marsh and Edward Drinker Cope. 

In Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah, the Morrison Formation was a major source of uranium ore.

According to radiometric dating, the Morrison Formation dates from 156.3 ± 2 million years old at its base, to 146.8 ± 1 million years old at the top, which places it in the later Jurassic. This is similar in age to the Solnhofen Limestone Formation in Germany and the Tendaguru Formation in Tanzania. Throughout the western USA, it lays over the Middle Jurassic Summerville, Sundance, Bell Ranch, Wanakah, and Stump Formations.

At the time, the supercontinent of Laurasia had recently split into the continents of North America and Eurasia, although they were still connected by land bridges. North America moved north and was passing through the subtropical regions.

The area was low-lying, and sediments were laid down in rivers, lakes, shallow water of various kinds. The details varied from time to time. 

The Morrison Basin, which stretched from New Mexico in the south to Alberta and Saskatchewan in the north, was formed when the early pre-Rocky Mountains started pushing up to the west. Streams and rivers in the east-facing drainage basin swept sediment down from the heights. The sediment was dropped in swampy lowlands, lakes, river channels and floodplains. In the course of time, this became the Morrison Formation.

In the north, the Sundance Sea, an extension of the Arctic Ocean, stretched through Canada down to the United States. Coal is found in the Morrison Formation of Montana, which means that the northern part of the formation, along the shores of the sea, was wet and swampy, with much vegetation. Aeolian, or wind-deposited sandstones are found in the southwestern part, which indicates it was much more arid — a desert, with sand dunes.

Dinosaur National Monument is a National Monument on the southeast flank of the Uinta Mountains on the border between Colorado and Utah at the confluence of the Green and Yampa Rivers. The "Dinosaur Quarry" is in Utah just to the north of the town of Jensen, Utah. This park has fossils of dinosaurs including "Allosaurus", "Abydosaurus" (a nearly complete skull, lower jaws and first four neck vertebrae of the specimen DINO 16488 was found here) and various long-neck, long-tail sauropods. 

The dinosaur fossil beds (bone beds) were discovered in 1909 by Earl Douglass, a paleontologist working and collecting for the Carnegie Museum. He and his crews excavated thousands of fossils and shipped them back to the museum in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for study and display. President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed the dinosaur beds as Dinosaur National Monument in 1915. The monument boundaries were expanded in 1938 from the original tract surrounding the dinosaur quarry in Utah, to its present extent of over 200,000 acres (800 km²) in Utah and Colorado, including the spectacular river canyons of the Green and Yampa.

The roster of dinosaurs from the Morrison is impressive. Among the theropods, "Allosaurus", "Saurophaganax", "Torvosaurus", "Ceratosaurus", "Coelurus", "Ornitholestes", "Tanycolagreus", "Stokesosaurus", and "Marshosaurus" are found in the Morrison. An abundance of sauropods has been found there, including "Apatosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Barosaurus", "Brachiosaurus", "Camarasaurus", and "Amphicoelias", which is possibly the largest known dinosaur ever to exist. Two genera of stegosaurs, "Stegosaurus" and "Hesperosaurus", have been found there. Finally, ornithopods found in the Morrison include "Dryosaurus", "Camptosaurus", "Drinker", "Othnielia", and "Othnielosaurus".

Ichinobe-no Oshiwa

No firm dates can be assigned to the lives or reigns of this period, but the reign of Emperor Ankō is considered to have lasted from 456 to 479; and Oshiwa died during Ankō's reign.

According to the "Nihonshoki", Oshiwa was killed in a hunting accident by Emperor Yūryaku. His sons were adopted as heirs by Emperor Seinei. They are known as Prince Woke (or Kenzō"-tennō") and as Prince Oke (or Ninken"-tennō").

Dinosaur Ridge

Dinosaur Ridge is part of the Morrison Formation, just west of Denver.

The Dinosaur Ridge area is one of the world's most famous dinosaur fossil localities. In 1877, some of the best-known dinosaurs were found here, including "Apatosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Stegosaurus", and "Allosaurus". 

In 1973, the area was recognized for its uniqueness as well as its historical and scientific significance when it was designated the Morrison Fossil Area National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service. In 1989, the Friends of Dinosaur Ridge formed to address increasing concerns regarding the preservation of the site and to offer educational programs on the area's resources.

The rocks on the west side of Dinosaur Ridge are part of the widespread Morrison Formation of Jurassic age. It is in these rocks, where Arthur Lakes discovered the dinosaur bones in 1877. Fifteen quarries were opened along the Dakota hogback in the Morrison area in search of these fossils.

The rocks on the east side of Dinosaur Ridge are part of the Cretaceous Dakota Formation. When Alameda Parkway was being constructed in 1937 to provide access to Red Rocks Park, workers discovered hundreds of dinosaur footprints. These were found to include mostly "Iguanodon"-like footprints. Carnivorous theropod tracks are also present.

The site features the Dinosaur Ridge Exhibit Hall with displays about the dinosaurs found at the site. Additionally, Dinosaur Ridge has interpretive signs at trail locations that explain the local geology, a volcanic ash bed, trace fossils, paleo-ecology, economic development of coal, oil and clay, and many other geologic and paleontological features.


Galaxy Nexus

The Galaxy Nexus is a smartphone made by Google and Samsung, using the Android operating system. The phone started being sold on November 17, 2011.

The Galaxy Nexus is designed to be a developer-friendly phone. It is very easy to unlock and root. To unlock the bootloader, boot the phone into fastboot mode by holding down both volume keys while powering the phone on, and connect the phone to a computer with the Android SDK installed and run the command "fastboot oem unlock". This is in contrast to most other mobile phones which are designed to be difficult to unlock. This phone uses NFC, which allows it to communicate wirelessly with other Android devices.



Nexus

Nexus might mean:


Nexus is one of the largest showrooms in the East Midlands with a strong and vibrant internet presence.

The Social Network

The Social Network is a 2010 American movie about the beginning of Facebook. Jesse Eisenberg played Mark Zuckerberg in the movie. David Fincher directed the movie. Adam Sorkin wrote the screenplay. The movie was very popular and won many awards, but did not win the Academy Award for Best Picture. The story happens in Massachusetts and California from 2003–2005.



Chaz Bono

Chaz Salvatore Bono (Born Chastity Sun Bono; March 4, 1969) is an American actor and is a spokesperson for the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation. He danced on ABC's "Dancing With the Stars".

In 1995, Chaz, who still appeared female at the time, told The Advocate that he was a lesbian.
In 2008 Bono started his gender transition from female to male. 

He is the son of Sonny and Cher Bono. He is a female-to-male transgender person. A documentary on Bono's experience, "Becoming Chaz", was at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. It was later on the OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network.


Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)

"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" is a single performed by American recording artist Katy Perry. It is the fifth single from her third album "Teenage Dream". The song topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the US. It reached the top in Canada as well. It climbed to the top five in Australia and New Zealand and the top ten in Austria and the UK. It was released June 6, 2011. A remix was later released featuring rapper Missy Elliott.

The song became Perry's fifth number-one single from "Teenage Dream". This was a first for a female artist. Only Michael Jackson also had five chart-toppers from one album with "Bad" in 1987.

Ying Yang Twins

The Ying Yang Twins are an American crunk rap group based in Atlanta. The group debuted in 2000 and rose into mainstream with the song "Get Low" almost three years later. They've had several hit albums and hit songs.

Dip slope

A Dip slope is the geological formation of tilted strata. They're found on homoclinal ridges, one side being steep and irregular and the other (the dip slope) being parallel to the bedding.

Mariner program

The Mariner program was a program of spacecraft launched by NASA between 1963 and 1973. The spacecraft studied the planets Mars, Venus and Mercury. There were 10 spacecraft in the Mariner programme, named Mariners 1-10. Seven were successful but three were lost. The program included spacecraft doing things that spacecraft had never done before. These things included the first planetary fly-by, the first pictures from another planet, the first planetary orbiter, and the first gravity assist maneuver. Other spacecraft in the Mariner program were planned but they were changed into other spacecraft with different names. For example, Mariner 11 and Mariner 12 were planned but changed into Voyager 1 and Voyager 2.

List of Harry Potter movie characters

This is a list of "Harry Potter" movies cast members. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are the pioneer trio in "Harry Potter" series for the 8 movies.

</includeonly></onlyinclude>
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Hannah Abbott
! Marcus Belby
! Katie Bell
! Miles Bletchley
! Susan Bones
! Lavender Brown
! Millicent Bulstrode
! Cho Chang
! Penelope Clearwater
! Vincent Crabbe
! Colin Creevey
! Roger Davies
! Cedric Diggory
! Justin Finch-Fletchley
! Marcus Flint
! Seamus Finnigan
! Gregory Goyle
! Terence Higgs
! Angelina Johnson
!Leanne
! Lee Jordan
! Neville Longbottom
! Luna Lovegood
! Ernie Macmillan
! Draco Malfoy
! Cormac McLaggen
! Pansy Parkinson
! Padma Patil
! Parvati Patil
! Adrian Pucey
! Zacharias Smith
! Alicia Spinnet
! Dean Thomas
! Romilda Vane
! Fred Weasley
! George Weasley
! Ginny Weasley
! Nigel Wolpert
! Oliver Wood
! Blaise Zabini
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Sirius Black
! Dedalus Diggle
! Elphias Doge
! Aberforth Dumbledore
! Arabella Figg
! Mundungus Fletcher
! Alice Longbottom
! Frank Longbottom
! Remus Lupin
! Alastor Moody
! James Potter
! Lily Potter
! Kingsley Shacklebolt
! Nymphadora Tonks
! Emmeline Vance
! Arthur Weasley
! Bill Weasley
! Charlie Weasley
! Molly Weasley
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Lord Voldemort
! Regulus Black
! Alecto Carrow
! Amycus Carrow
! Barty Crouch Jr
! Antonin Dolohov
! Fenrir Greyback
! Bellatrix Lestrange
! Walden Macnair
! Lucius Malfoy
! Narcissa Malfoy
! Peter Pettigrew
! Thorfinn Rowle
! Scabior
! Travers
! Yaxley
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Amelia Bones
! Mary Cattermole
! Reg Cattermole
! Barty Crouch Sr
! John Dawlish
! Amos Diggory
! Cornelius Fudge
! Mafalda Hopkirk
! Albert Runcorn
! Rufus Scrimgeour
! Pius Thicknesse
! Dolores Umbridge
! Percy Weasley
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Frank Bryce
! Dennis
! Mrs. Cole
! Dudley Dursley
! Marge Dursley
! Petunia Dursley
! Vernon Dursley
! Mr. Granger
! Mrs. Granger
! Malcolm
! Mr. Mason
! Mrs. Mason
! Piers Polkiss
! King's Cross railway station security guard
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Fleur Delacour
! Gabrielle Delacour
! Gregorovitch
! Gellert Grindelwald
! Igor Karkaroff
! Viktor Krum
! Olympe Maxime
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! The Bloody Baron
! Sir Cadogan
! Everard
! The Fat Friar
! The Fat Lady
! The Grey Lady
! Moaning Myrtle
! Nearly Headless Nick
! Phineas Nigellus Black
! Peeves
! Sorting Hat
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Bathilda Bagshot
! Heathcote Barbary
! Mr Borgin
! Gideon Crumb
! Barnabas Cuffe
! Ariana Dumbledore
! Kirley Duke
! Food Trolley Lady
! Auntie Muriel
! Xenophilius Lovegood
! Mr Ollivander
! Ernie Prang
! Madam Rosmerta
! Stan Shunpike
! Rita Skeeter
! Orsino Thruston
! Tom the barman
! Donaghan Tremlett
! Myron Wagtail
! Eldred Worple
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Aragog
! Bane
! Bogrod
! Dobby
! Firenze
! Grawp
! Griphook
! Kreacher
! Magorian
! Sanguini
! Shrunken Head
! colspan="9" style="background-color:#ddf;" |

! Astoria Malfoy
! Scorpius Malfoy
! Albus Severus Potter
! James Sirius Potter
! Lily Luna Potter
! Hugo Weasley
! Rose Weasley

Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport

Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport is a large airport in France. It is in the outskirts of Paris. In 2010, it handled 58,164,612 passengers.
As of 12 February 2018, the head of the airport is Marc Houalla.

Pouzolles

Pouzolles () is a commune in the Hérault department and Occitanie in southern France.

The village has a small collection of shops (bakery, superette, tobacconist) and several "chambres d'hôtes". There are other activities, such as a post office, a nearby paintball, a seasonal gallery and of course the local wine industry.





Harima Province

, also known as , was an old province of Japan in area of Hyōgo Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

The province had borders with the provinces of Tajima, Tamba, Settsu, Bizen, and Mimasaka.

The provincial capital city was Himeji on the Ishikawa River.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Harima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Iwa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Harima.


Communauté de communes Coteaux et Châteaux

The Communauté de communes Coteaux et Châteaux was a group of communes in the Hérault departement and Languedoc-Roussillon region of France.

It was created on December 31, 1997, by decision of the Prefecture, and dissolved on January 1, 2013 upon merging with surrounding "communauté de communes" to form the Communauté des communes des Avant-Monts du Centre Hérault.

The name comes from the local "coteaux" (vineyards) and "chateaux" (castles), prominent features of the countryside.

"Coteaux et Chateaux" contained the following communes:



Lord of the Flies

Lord of the Flies is a novel written by William Golding. It was published in 1954. The title is a literal translation of Beelzebub, a Semitic deity which was worshipped in the Philistine city of Ekron.

Golding based this novel on two personal experiences: his time teaching at boys' public schools and his experiences in World War II. He had read books like "Coral Island" which showed young boys getting stranded on desert islands and living in perfect Utopia. He wanted to write about what he thought would really happen in this situation.

The book portrays their descent into savagery. Left to themselves, far from modern civilisation, the well-educated children revert to a primitive state.

The central theme is the conflicting human impulses toward civilization living by rules, peacefully and in harmony and toward the will to power. Themes include the tension between groupthink and individuality, between rational and emotional reactions, and between morality and immorality. How these play out is the story of Lord of the Flies.

A group of boys of different ages, from different schools and backgrounds, are stranded on an island after their plane is brought down. The country they came from has been hit with a atom bomb and all the adults on their plane have died. There is no one else on the island and no one knows where they are. On Piggy's advice, Ralph blows a conch shell to gather the boys from across the island to a meeting. There they are introduced to Merridew (Jack) who is head of the Choir and various other characters.

A vote is called for leader, which is won by Ralph. He gives the task of registering the boys to Piggy, while he, Jack and Simon (a member of the choir) go to explore the island. They discover that they are truly alone on the island and that it is an island. On the way back they walk through a the forest and come across a pig. Jack pulls out a knife and makes to kill it, but is unable to. He swears to kill the next one he finds.

The three return to the beach where the first meeting was held and discover that Piggy was unable to take the register. During a meeting concerns are raised by one of the younger children about a "beastie" or "snake-thing". Ralph and the other older boys are quick to dismiss this theory. All the same, fear from some of the younger boys spreads. Ralph suggests that they build a signal fire; the group is instantly excited by this idea and rush to the top of the mountain to pile wood. They discover they have no way of igniting it, then Piggy arrives with the conch (essential for meetings, whoever has the conch talks). They use his glasses to start a fire which burns well, then ignites a large portion of forest, possibly killing a young child.

Jack and half of his choir hunt while the other half is assigned to tending the signal fire. Jack becomes obsessed with the idea of a kill while Ralph is still more interested in building shelters (with Simon's help) and escaping the island, something Jack does not seem bothered about anymore. He wants to kill a pig.

Jack eventually gets angry with Ralph and goes and forms his own tribe. They steal Piggy's glasses so they can start a fire. Simon is killed by the boys because they thought he was the beast. Only Ralph, Piggy and Sam and Eric are left in the original tribe. They go to the top of the mountain where Jack's tribe are. Jack and Ralph fight and Roger sends a boulder tumbling down that narrowly misses Ralph but kills Piggy and breaks the Conch. Sam and Eric are taken by Jack's tribe and Ralph runs away. Ralph goes up to the mountain again to see Sam and Eric and they tell him that Jack plans on hunting him down. He goes and hides but is soon found by the tribe. A fire is created to smoke him out. He runs for it down onto the beach being chased by the tribe holding spears. Ralph runs into a navy officer who saw the smoke from the fire and has come to rescue them. It is ironic because Jack only wanted to hunt for food and not bother keeping the fire going but he ends up starting the fire that gets them rescued...

Child support

Child support is continued payment performed by a parent for the financial benefits of children following marital separations, divorces or ends of civil unions. Child maintenance is paid either directly or indirect by obligors toward an obligee for care and support of children from terminated marriages, civil unions or other relationships. The obligor is the non-custodial parent; the obligee is either the custodial parent, a caregiver, a guardian or the state.

Support orders end based on local laws and the facts of each case. Support orders usually end when the child reaches the age of majority. (This can be an age from 16 to 21 (New York State) or graduates from high school.) Some countries and states have laws that make support continue past the age of majority if the child is enrolled as a full-time, degree-seeking post-secondary student. If the obligor owes back child support, the payments must continue until the debt is satisfied, regardless of the age of the child.

Several factors can end a support order for a child under the age of majority. These include the child's marriage, legal emancipation or death.


Emperor Ninmyō

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was . 

Ninmyō was the second son of Emperor Saga and the Empress Tachibana no Kachiko. 

Ninmyō had nine Empresses, Imperial consorts, and concubines ("kōi"); and he had 24 Imperial sons and daughters.

Ninmyō was Crown Prince for 10 years.





Emperor Ninmyō is traditionally venerated at his tomb; the Imperial Household Agency designates , in Fushimi-ku, Kyoto, as the location of Ninmyō's mausoleum.

Ninmyō was sometimes posthumously referred to as "the Emperor of Fukakusa," because that was the location of his tomb.

The years of Ninmyō's reign are identified by more than one era name ("nengō").



Natural deduction

Natural deduction is a branch of mathematical logic developed in Poland in the 1920s and 30s. It is meant to express inference rules closely related to the "natural" way of reasoning.

Spurred on by a series of seminars in Poland in 1926 by Łukasiewicz that advocated a more natural treatment of logic, Jaśkowski made the earliest attempts at defining a more natural deduction. In 1929 he first suggested in 1929 using a diagrammatic notation, and later updated his proposal in papers in 1934 and 1935. 



John McCarthy

John McCarthy (September 4, 1927 – October 24, 2011) was an American scientist. He is mostly known for the work he did in the field of logic. 

McCarthy was the first to use the term artificial intelligence, in an article he wrote in 1955. He invented LISP to be able to do logic programming, in 1958. This makes LISP the second-oldest high-level programming language that is still in use; FORTRAN is older. McCarthy studied mathematics. He invented Garbage collection to solve some of the problems LISP had. McCarthy's work received many awards, the Turing Award for his work on Artificial Intelligence, in 1971, or the National Medal of Science in 2003 are among them.

Hurricane Karl (2010)

Hurricane Karl was the fifth and final major hurricane of 2010's Atlantic hurricane season. It became the most damaging hurricane to ever impact the Mexican state of Veracruz. As of September 23, 22 people have been confirmed killed, most of which were in the state of Veracruz. Preliminary losses from the storm are estimated at 70 billion MXN ($5.6 billion USD). Despite the destruction, the name Karl was not retired.


Robert Pierpoint

Robert Pierpoint (May 16, 1925 – October 22, 2011) was an American broadcast journalist who worked for CBS.
He was born in Redondo Beach, California. Pierpoint served in the United States Navy during World War II. In 1948, he graduated from University of Redlands. Pierpoint covered the Korean War. He appeared on the first edition of "See It Now" in 1951. He also covered the State Department for CBS. He was often on Charles Kuralt's "Sunday Morning" broadcasts until his retirement. 
He learnt many of his radio and television skills from Edward R. Murrow, and was known as one of Murrow's boys. He is also remembered for playing himself, on the radio, in the final episode of "M*A*S*H."
Pierpoint served as White House correspondent for six presidents, from Eisenhower to Carter. His wrote about this in his book, "At the White House" (1981). He was known for his verbal sparring with President Richard Nixon. He died in Santa Barbara, California, in 2011.

One time, Pierpoint was playing tennis when he was called to go on the air. He gave his report wearing a suit coat, tie, and tennis shorts. The television image showed only his chest and above. But a photograph was taken that showed his legs. To recall this incident, Pierpoint's wife said that he will be buried wearing a suit coat and tennis shorts.

Emperor Montoku

His reign started in 850 and ended in 858.

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was . He was also known as "Tamura-no-mikado" or "Tamura-tei".

He was the eldest son of Emperor Ninmyō.

Montoku had six Imperial consorts and 29 Imperial sons.

Before he became the monarch, he was Crown Prince for 8 years.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Montoku is in Kyoto. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at this location. The site is formally named "Tamura no misasagi".

The years of Montoku's reign are identified by more than one era name or "nengō".


Xavier Tondo

Xavier Tondo Volpini (5 November 1978 – 23 May 2011) was a Spanish professional bicycle racer. He mainly participated in bicycle races up the mountain.

On 23 May 2011, while he was getting his bicycle ready for a ride, Tondo was trapped between his own garage door and car. He was crushed by the door. One of his teammates, Beñat Intxausti, was with him during the accident.


Edmundo Ros

Edmundo Ros OBE FRAM (7 December 1910 – 21 October 2011), born Edmund William Ross, was a Trinidadian-Venezuelan musician, vocalist, arranger and bandleader who made his career in Britain.

Ros's music featured three main types of music: Cuban music, Brazilian music and Caribbean calypsos. Of these genres, Cuban music was the most varied: it included the conga, the ballroom rumba, the mambo, and the cha-cha-cha. Ros introduced the Brazilian samba to England, and it became hugely popular. His "Wedding Samba" sold three millions copies on 78rpm. He was very popular during the 1950s and 60's.

The orchestrations for his band were designed to smooth the rough edges of Latin music. Ros emphasised the melodic aspects of the music, which he felt was necessary for his audiences. This is something he talked about after his retirement.

He was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad in 1910. He was brought up in Venezuela and went to a military college when he was 18. He learned to play the saxophone, euphonium and the drums. He played with the Venezuelan State Opera, and then won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London. He studied to be a conductor at the college in 1937. To earn extra money he played on recordings by other people, including Fats Waller, before starting his own band.

During the war he continued with his music, but also worked as an ambulance driver. After the war he opened the "Edmundo Ros Dinner and Supper Club". He recorded more than 50 albums, the most successful was "Rhythms Of the South" (Decca 1958), which sold more than a million copies.

He retired to Alicante, Spain in 1975, and made no more recordings. He received the OBE in 2000. He died in 2011 at the age of 100.

Liz Claiborne (fashion designer)

Anne Elisabeth Jane "Liz" Claiborne (March 31, 1929 – June 26, 2007) was a Belgian-born American fashion designer and entrepreneur.

Claiborne was born to American parents in Brussels, Belgium. She moved to New Orleans, Louisiana in 1939. She went on to found the clothing company, which was named Liz Claiborne, Inc. She was the first female CEO and chairperson of a Fortune 500 company. 

Claiborne died in New York City from cancer of the lining of the abdomen.


Liz Claiborne

Liz Claiborne, Inc. is a fashion company based in New York City and founded in 1976 by a fashion designer of the same name. The organization markets clothing and fragrances. In the 1980s it was the first company from a female to hit the "Fortune 500" mark.

The company was created by Liz Claiborne the person.

Electrical outlet

An electrical outlet or receptacle, frequently called a wall outlet, is a socket that connects an electrical device to an electricity supply. In buildings, electrical outlets are usually installed in the wall, although they can also be installed in the floor. Occasionally, they are found in the ceiling for powering devices such as garage door openers or neon signs in storefront windows. Different countries often have different outlet types and voltages. Adapters are available to convert between the different types.


Anemometer

An anemometer is a device used to measure wind speed. It is found in most weather stations. The word comes from the Ancient Greek word "ἄνεμος ", meaning "wind". It describes any airspeed measurement instrument used in meteorology or aerodynamics. Leon Battista Alberti described an anemometer for the first time around 1450.

Nuclear magnetic resonance

Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) is the physical phenomenon in which magnetic nuclei in a magnetic field absorb, then re-emit electromagnetic radiation. This energy is of a specific resonance frequency that depends on the magnetic field strength, and the magnetic properties of the isotopes of the atoms. Many scientific techniques use it to study molecular physics, crystals and non crystalline materials through NMR spectroscopy. NMR is also used for advanced medical imaging techniques, for example, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).

All isotopes that contain an odd number of protons and/or of neutrons (see Isotope) have an intrinsic magnetic moment and angular momentum, in other words a nonzero spin, while all nuclides with even numbers of both have a total spin of zero. The most commonly studied nuclei are H and C, although nuclei from isotopes of many other elements (e.g. H, Li, B, B, N, N, O, F, Na, Si, P, Cl, Cd, Xe, Pt) have been studied by high-field NMR spectroscopy as well.

A key idea of NMR is that the resonance frequency of a particular substance is directly proportional to the strength of the applied magnetic field. This resonance is used in imaging techniques. If a sample is placed in a non-uniform magnetic field then the resonance frequencies of the sample's nuclei depend on where in the field they are located. Scientists try to use the highest possible magnetic fields to get the best image quality.

The principle of NMR usually involves two sequential steps: 

The constant field and the pulse field are usually set perpendicular to each other. This maximizes the NMR signal strength. The resulting response by the total magnetization (M) of the nuclear spins is what is used in NMR spectroscopy and magnetic resonance imaging. Both use intense applied magnetic fields (H) in order to achieve dispersion and very high stability to deliver spectral resolution. Scientist explain their readings as chemical shifts, the Zeeman effect, and Knight shifts (in metals).

NMR is used in low-field NMR, NMR spectroscopy and MRI in the Earth's magnetic field (referred to as Earth's field NMR), and in several types of magnetometers.

Nuclear magnetic resonance was first described and measured in molecular beams by Isidor Rabi in 1938. In 1944, Rabi was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for this work. In 1946, Felix Bloch and Edward Mills Purcell expanded the technique for use on liquids and solids. They shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1952 for this discovery.

Purcell had worked on the development of radar during World War II at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Radiation Laboratory. His work during that project on the production and detection of radio frequency power and on the absorption of such RF power by matter laid the background for Rabi's discovery of NMR.

Rabi, Bloch, and Purcell noticed that magnetic nuclei, like H and P, could absorb RF energy when placed in a magnetic field of a strength specific to the identity of the nuclei. When this absorption occurs, the nucleus is described as being "in resonance". Different atomic nuclei within a molecule resonate at different (radio) frequencies for the same magnetic field strength. The observation of such magnetic resonance frequencies of the nuclei present in a molecule allows any trained user to discover essential, chemical and structural information about the molecule.

After World War II, the development of NMR as a technique in analytical chemistry and biochemistry happened at the same time as the development of electromagnetic technology and advanced electronics and their introduction into civilian use. In the 1960s, William Lipscomb was a pioneer in using NMR to study chemical structures. He worked out how to look at NMR data to tell what atoms are connected together in a molecule. This is called chemical shift.

Herbert A. Hauptman

Herbert Aaron Hauptman (February 14, 1917 – October 23, 2011) was an American mathematician. He won a Nobel Prize. He made a mathematical method to find a molecular structures based on the X-ray patterns of crystallized materials. With Jerome Karle, he won the 1985 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
He was born in New York City. He was the oldest child of Israel Hauptman and Leah Rosenfeld, and of Jewish descent.
Hauptman was interested in science and mathematics from an early age. He studied at Townsend Harris High School. He graduated from the City College of New York (1937). He earned an M.A. degree in mathematics from Columbia University in 1939. He married Edith Citrynell on November 10, 1940, and had two daughters.
After World War II, he began working together with Jerome Karle, a physical chemist, at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, D.C.. He also enrolled in the Ph.D. program at the University of Maryland, College Park. They used their mathematics and physical chemistry skills to solve the phase problem of X-ray crystallography. By 1955, he had received his Ph.D. in mathematics, and they had worked out the direct methods in X-ray crystallography. Their 1953 article, "Solution of the Phase Problem I. The Centrosymmetric Crystal", contained the main ideas, the most important of which was the introduction of probabilistic methods.
In 1970 he joined the Medical Foundation of Buffalo, becoming its Research Director in 1972. At this time he developed the neighborhood principle and extension concept. These theories were further developed during the following years.

Hauptman who was an atheist, signed with 21 other Nobel laureates the Humanist Manifesto in 2003.


Viking program

The Viking program was a NASA mission that sent two spacecraft to the planet Mars. These spacecraft were called Viking 1 and Viking 2. Each spacecraft was made of an orbiter and a lander. The orbiters took pictures of Mars from their orbit and sent information to Earth. The landers gathered scientific data on the surface of the planet.

Both Viking spacecraft were launched in 1975 and both reached Mars in 1976. Scientists chose landing places for both landers from the pictures that the orbiters had taken. Then the landers were released from the orbiters and they went down to their landing places. The orbiters continued to take pictures while the landers studied the surface of the planet and did other things. All of the spacecraft, including both orbiters and both landers, kept working for longer than they had been planned to. Eventually, they broke down. Viking 2 Orbiter stopped working in 1978, Viking 1 Orbiter and Viking 2 Lander in 1980, and Viking 1 Lander in 1982.

The Viking program was the most expensive and difficult mission ever sent to Mars. The program cost a total of US$1 billion. The program was very successful. Most of the knowledge about Mars until the late 1990s came from the Viking mission.


Piculet

The piculets are a subfamily of small woodpeckers which are mostly in tropical South America, with just three Asian and one African species.

Like true woodpeckers, piculets have large heads, long tongues to get their insect prey and zygodactyl feet, with two toes pointing forward, and two backwards. However, they lack the stiff tail feathers that woodpeckers use when climbing trees. They are more likely to perch on a branch rather than an upright trunk.

They eat insects and grubs mainly from decaying wood. They re-use woodpecker holes for nesting, rather than making their own holes. The eggs are white, as with many hole nesters.

There are 30 species in all. It is known that they split off from mainstream woodpeckers in the middle Miocene about 15 million years ago (mya). Splits between the three genera happened about 7.9 mya.

Typically these birds have grey or dull green upperparts and dark-streaked white underparts.

Fallin' for You

"Fallin' for You" is a song by the recording artist Colbie Caillat. The song was released June 29, 2009 as the lead single off her album "Breakthrough", which was also released in 2009. The lyrics speak of someone falling for a guy with whom they are friends.

Moulting

Moulting (or molting) is the manner in which an animal routinely casts off part of its body (usually the outer layer or covering) at particular times of year, or at specific points in its life cycle. Moulting is also known as sloughing, shedding, or for some species, ecdysis.

Moulting can involve the epidermis (skin), and hair, fur, wool, or other external layer. In some species, other body parts may be shed, for example, wings in some insects. Examples include old feathers in birds, old hairs in mammals (especially dogs and other canidae), old skin in reptiles, and the entire exoskeleton in arthropods.

In arthropods, such as insects, arachnids and crustaceans, moulting is the shedding of the exoskeleton (or shell). 

This process of moulting is called ecdysis. It is the defining feature of a whole group of invertebrates, the clade Ecdysozoa. This group includes the arthropods, nematodes, velvet worms, horsehair worms, rotifers, tardigrades and Cephalorhyncha. Since the cuticles of these animals often forms an inelastic exoskeleton, it is shed during growth and a new, larger covering is formed. Amongst fossils, trilobites and eurypterida used ecdysis. 

Ecdysis is part of the whole process of metamorphosis. The different stages (called 'instars') and the development of new 'apparatus' (such as sense organs) is necessary as the creature moves from one form to another. The new exoskeleton is initially soft but hardens after the moulting of the old exoskeleton. 

Detention (imprisonment)

Detention is depriving of liberty of a person by the authority of a government or a country, usually the police. Such depriving liberty is allowed only in the case that the person can considered to have committed a crime. Other depriving liberty is called arbitrary detention and prohibited by article 9 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. And even if detention is done legally, the person must be treated with humanity and respected the person's dignity according to the Convention against Torture. 


Charles III of Spain

Charles III (20 January 1716 – 14 December 1788) was a king of Spain and the oldest son of Philip V and Elisabeth Farnese. He ruled Spain from 1759 until his death in 1788. After he died, his son, Charles IV, became king. He was also the king of Naples and Sicily from 1734 until 1759. In those places he was known as Charles VII of Naples and Charles V of Sicily. He was the builder of the Palace of Caserta as well as the Royal Palace of Madrid and the Real Albergo dei Poveri in Naples. 

Charles III grew up in Madrid. When he was 16 years old, he went to live in Parma, a city in Italy. He ruled that city, and the nearby city of Piacenza as their Duke from 1731 until 1734. In 1738 he married the Princess Maria Amalia of Saxony. They had 13 children. Only 8 of them lived to be adults.


Pope Paul V

Pope Paul V (; Rome, 17 September 1552 – 28 January 1621), born Camillo Borghese, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 234th Pope from 16 May 1605 until his death.

He was born in Rome. He was a son of the noble Borghese family of Siena.

In June 1596 he was made Cardinal.

Cardinal Borghese was elected pope in 1605; and he chose to be called Paul V.

Pope Paul was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

In October 1615, Paul V received a diplomatic mission from Japan. The embassy was led by Hasekura Tsunenaga.

Paul V financed work on the unfinished St. Peter's Basilica. He enlarged the Vatican Palace and Quirinale Palace, restored the Church of Santa Maria Maggiore, constructed or repaired aqueducts. He also made additions to the Vatican library.

Paul V canonised Charles Borromeo and Frances of Rome. He beatified Ignatius Loyola, Philip Neri, Theresa of Avila and Francis Xavier.



Beavis and Butt-Head

Beavis and Butt-Head is an American adult animated television sitcom by Mike Judge which ran for 7 seasons from March 8, 1993 and ended on November 28, 1997 on MTV. In 1996 the series was adapted into a movie titled "Beavis and Butt-Head Do America". The eighth season was shown in 2011. The title characters are hard rock/heavy metal-loving teenagers from the fictional town of Highland, Texas.

In the show "Beavis and Butt-Head", Beavis and Butt-Head are unintelligent teenage boys who have a very lazy and naughty lifestyle. They are teenage deliquents (naughty teenagers) who are couch potatoes (lazy people who do little exercise), and have poor social skills. Beavis and Butt-Head go to school at Highland High in the fictional town of Highland, Texas. 

1. Oberndorfer Sportklub 1920

The 1.Oberndorf Sportklub 1920 (also known as Oberndorfer SK 1920) is a football club from Oberndorf, Salzburg, in Austria. The club is the oldest football club outside the city of Salzburg.

In March 1920, Hermann Rasp created the club. By 1921, they made the Salzburg football association. Before World War II Oberndorf played in different levels in Salzburg but they did not play during the war. In 1946, the club restarted again. The most successful years were the 1960s when the club played two times in the Tauern Liga which was then the second division in Austrian league system.

Since 1990 the club was part of the highest league in Salzburg. In 2007 they were relegated and the next season again. So they play in the 2011/12 season in the 1.class north. 2014 the were promoted and play in the 2. Landesliga (5th level)

Oberndorf is well known for its youth teams. Over 100 young players play in seven youth teams. Famous players who started their career in Oberndorf were Hermann Stadler, who played as professional for Austria Salzburg and Rapid Wien and Gerald Baumgartner who also played for Austria Salzburg and for Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.
At the beginning the club did not have a proper sports field. For years the game was played on the Viehmarktplatz, where football and livestock trading took place alternately. Around 1953 this place was no longer available. The club played in Bürmoos and Laufen . It was not until 1958 that a separate sports field was created, which is still the home of the OSK today.


Voynich manuscript

The Voynich manuscript is a manuscript named after Wilfrid Voynich who bought it in the early 20th century. The manuscript is made up of about 240 vellum pages, and was probably written in the early 15th century in northern Italy. Today, it is in the library of Yale University.

Many pages contain illustrations. Although many authors have been thought to have written this manuscript, the author remains unknown. The text is written in an unknown language, in an unknown writing system. It looks like there are no errors in the text. There are no corrections to it. The text is probably some ciphertext; many people working in cryptography have tried to break its code, both amateur and professional cryptographers. Much less attention has been given to the illustrations, which seem to show plants, anatomic or astronomic links. It has been described as "the world's most mysterious manuscript".

In 2009, University of Arizona researchers performed radiocarbon dating on the manuscript's vellum, which they say (with 95% confidence) was made between 1404 and 1438. In addition, the McCrone Research Institute in Chicago found that much of the ink was added not long afterwards, confirming that the manuscript is an authentic medieval document.

As the text has not been translated yet, it has been sectioned based on the images. The sectioning is usually the following:

The very last page seems to have some sort of "key": three lines of text, with a script resembling that used in 15th-century Germany.

The manuscript consists of quires. A quire is made of folded parchment. The quires consist of folios, with text or illustrations on both sides of the folio. The quires are numbered from 1 to 20, the folios from 1 to 116. Some of the fold-outs have unusual shapes. Depending on the way of counting, this gives a total of 240 pages. As there are gaps in the numbering, it seems likely that some pages were lost; the manuscript probably had at least 272 pages. The gaps were already there when Voynich bought the manuscript in 1912.

A quill pen was used for the text and figure outlines. The figures were colored with paint, possibly at a later date. There is strong evidence that many of the book's folios were reordered at various points in its history, and that the original page order may well have been quite different from what we see today.

The text is written from left to right, because there are irregular margins on the right. There is no obvious punctuation. The person or people writing the text seem to have been fluent in the language. There probably was another "source" they copied from. The flow of the text is smooth, which gives the impression that the symbols were not enciphered.

In total there are about 170,000 glyphs. Given the space between these, there seem to be "words" and "paragraphs". It is difficult (and a question of debate) to determine the alphabet used in the text; some glyphs may be variations of others, and some may simply be two glyphs joined. The text can probably be represented with an alphabet of between twenty and thirty characters.

There are about 35,000 "words", made of glyphs or characters. A statistical analysis has been done, and the "words" resemble "natural language":

The purpose of the book was probably to serve as a manual to make drugs, or as a book about medicine. The first section is almost certainly a herbal. A herbal is a collection of plants, with their description. An identification of the plants, based on the images has mostly failed, though. Two plants can be guessed, with some certainty: the Wild pansy and the Maidenhair fern. Many of the plant pictures are composite: they combine parts of plants; the root of one plant is added to the leaves of another; the flowers may be from a third species. The leaves and fruit of the Castor oil plant have been identified, as well.

Because of the tubes in the biological section, the text may be related to alchemy. This would also make sense, if the text was about making certain kinds of medicine. The problem with that theory is that alchemy books of the time all use a common set of motifs for their pictures; these motifs cannot be found in the manuscript.

Another idea is that the book is about astrology; practices common at the time, such as bloodletting were often connected with astrology. The problem with this approach is, that except for the signs of the zodiac, and one diagram possibly showing the classical planets, no one has shown that the symbols are found in other astrological traditions.

Fixed point

A value "x" is a fixed point of a function "f" if and only if "f"("x") = "x".
1 is a fixed point of formula_1 because formula_2. Some functions do not have fixed points. For example formula_3 does not have one because formula_3 is never equal to "x".

Emperor Seiwa

This prince's personal name ("imina") was before he became the monarch. In the Imperial House of Japan, Korehito was the first to have the suffix "-hito" 仁 in his name.

Korehito was the fourth son of Emperor Montoku. His mother was the daughter of Fujiwara no Yoshifusa (藤原良房), who was regent and great minister of the council of state.

Prince Korehito became emperor at the age of 8, but the real power was held by his grandfather, Yoshifusa.

The actual site of Seiwa's grave is known. This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Kyoto. The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Seiwa's mausoleum. It is formally named "Minooyama no misasagi". From the site of his tomb, he was sometimes referred to as Mizunoo (水尾).

The "kami" of Emperor Seiwa is venerated at Seiwa-tennō-sha in Saga, Yamashiro province.

The years of Seiwa's reign are identified by more than one era name or "nengō".


Standard ML

Standard ML is a functional programming language which is a dialect of ML (programming language). It is sometimes used for writing compilers and in theorem provers.
Here is an example of a factorial function written in a simple, non-tail recursive, style.

fun fac (0 : int) = 1 (* the : int part means that 0 and n are integers *)

Droste effect

The Droste Effect is the name for a picture which contains a smaller image of itself, which in turn contains a smaller image of itself, etc. It is named after an advertisement. It is an example of recursion. In art, this is known as mise en abyme. In theory, the recursion goes on forever, but in practice, the number of recursions is limited by the resolution of the image. In practice, there are few iterations, until the size falls below 1 x 1 = 1 px. The reason for this is that this is a geometric progression, and each iteration reduces the size of the image. It is a visual example of a strange loop, a self-referential system of instancing which is the cornerstone of fractal geometry.

Already Gone

"Already Gone" is a song by the recording artist Kelly Clarkson from her 2009 record "All I Ever Wanted". This was the third single from that album to be released. The song is about the breakup of a relationship. Its release was surrounded by controversy: Clarkson said the arrangement used for the song was strongly similar to the 2008 song "Halo" from singer Beyoncé and feared the public would say Clarkson had stolen it. Despite this, however, the song received strong praise from critics, and "Already Gone" became one of the highlights from "All I Ever Wanted". On the "Billboard" Hot 100 the single peaked at #13.

De Morgan's laws

In boolean algebra, DeMorgan's laws are the laws of how a NOT gate affects AND and OR statements:

They can be remembered by "break the line, change the sign".

The following truth tables prove DeMorgan's laws.

Tiberius Gracchus

Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus (163/162 BC- 133 BC) was an important Roman Tribune of the plebs. He proposed a reform called the "Lex Sempronia Agraria". This was meant to reduce the number of poor and homeless people by allowing the rich to have only a certain amount of land. The rest of the land would be given to homeless veterans of the Roman military. But the Roman Senate did not like his plan. They convinced another tribune, named Marcus Octavius, to oppose Tiberius Gracchus. Eventually, enough tension built up that some of the Senators beat Tiberius to death with their chairs and threw his dead body into the Tiber. Tiberius' death is seen as the first death caused by political problems in the Roman government.

Tiberius' brother, Gaius Gracchus, also tried to reform the Roman government and was also killed. Together, the two are called the Gracchi. Their attempts at reform had a lasting effect on Rome, because later on the Senate used some of the ideas from their reforms in their own laws.


Random walk

A random walk is made by taking random steps. 

Constrictor knot

A constrictor knot is a type of knot that is tied around another rope. It is a secure knot, but it can be difficult to untie after it is tightened.


Waiting to Exhale

Waiting to Exhale is a 1995 American romance movie. It came out in December 1995. The cast for the movie includes Angela Bassett and Whitney Houston. The movie is about four women who live in Phoenix, Arizona and their relationships with men. "Waiting to Exhale" is unusual because it has an all African-American cast.

Soho

Soho is an area of the City of Westminster and the West End of London. It is long established as an entertainment district. For much of the 20th century Soho had sex shops, prostitutes, jazz clubs, bars, night clubs, theatres and the movie industry. 

Since the early 1980s, the area has changed greatly: it has moved upmarket. It now is a fashionable district of expensive restaurants and media offices, with only a few sex industry venues. Some music venues survive, such as Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club. The area includes Carnaby Street, the centre of the 'Swinging London' fashion scene of the 1960s, and Wardour Street, a centre of the movie and entertainment industry.

Soho was never an administrative unit with formal boundaries. It is an area of about a square mile, bounded by Oxford Street to the north, Regent Street to the west, Leicester Square to the south and Charing Cross Road to the east. Apart from Oxford Street, all of these roads are 19th-century metropolitan improvements. 

The area to the west is known as Mayfair, to the north Fitzrovia, to the east St Giles and Covent Garden, and to the south St James's. According to the Soho Society, Chinatown, the area between Leicester Square to the south and Shaftesbury Avenue to the north, is part of Soho, although some consider it a separate area.

A significant event in the history of epidemiology and public health was Dr. John Snow's study of an 1854 outbreak of cholera in Soho. He identified the cause of the outbreak as water from the public water pump located at the junction of Broad Street (now Broadwick Street) and Cambridge Street (now Lexington Street), close to the rear wall of what is today the "John Snow" public house. 

John Snow mapped the addresses of the sick, and noted that they were mostly people whose nearest access to water was the Broad Street pump. He persuaded the authorities to remove the handle of the pump, thus preventing any more of the infected water from being collected. The spring below the pump was later found to have been contaminated with sewage. This is an early example of epidemiology, public health medicine and the application of science–the germ theory of disease.

Science writer Steven Johnson describes the 2006 appearance of places related to the Broad Street Pump cholera outbreak: 

A replica of the pump, with a memorial plaque and without a handle (to signify John Snow's action to halt the outbreak) was erected near the location of the original pump.

Soho is near the heart of London's theatre area, and is a centre of the independent movie and video industry as well as the television and movie 'post-production' industry. It is home to Soho Theatre, built in 2000 for new plays and stand-up comedy. The British Board of Film Classification, formerly known as the British Board of Film Censors, can be found in Soho Square.

Soho is criss-crossed by a rooftop telecommunication network, and below ground level with fibre optics making up Sohonet, which connects the Soho media and post-production community to British movie studios such as Pinewood Studios and Shepperton Studios, and to other major production centres (such as Rome, New York City, Los Angeles, Sydney and Wellington, New Zealand.

There are also plans by Westminster Council to deploy high-bandwidth Wi-Fi networks in Soho as part of a programme to further encourage the development of the area as a centre for media and technology industries.


Herbert Art Gallery and Museum

Herbert Art Gallery and Museum is a is a museum, art gallery, archive, learning centre and creative arts facility in Jordan Well, Coventry, United Kingdom.

It is named after Sir Alfred Herbert, a local business owner who gave money for the original building. Work on it began in 1939, with an interruption by the Second World War, and The Herbert opened in 1960. In 2008 it reopened after a £20 million refurbishment.

It is free to get in and the museum in run by a charity. Its only income is from donations, sales at the museum shop, and hiring out the buildings the charity owns. In 2010, the museum had over 300,000 visitors. This makes it one of the most popular free tourist attractions in the West Midlands.


Zipf's law

Zipf's law is an empirical law, formulated using mathematical statistics, named after the linguist George Kingsley Zipf, who first proposed it. Zipf's law states that given a large sample of words used, the frequency of any word is inversely proportional to its rank in the frequency table. So "nth" word has a frequency proportional to 1/"n".

Thus the most frequent word will occur about twice as often as the second most frequent word, three times as often as the third most frequent word, etc. For example, in one sample of words in the English language, the most frequently occurring word, "the", accounts for nearly 7% of all the words (69,971 out of slightly over 1 million). True to Zipf's Law, the second-place word "of" accounts for slightly over 3.5% of words (36,411 occurrences), followed by "and" (28,852). Only about 135 words are needed to account for half the sample of words in a large sample.

The same relationship occurs in many other rankings, unrelated to language, such as the population ranks of cities in various countries, corporation sizes, income rankings, etc. The appearance of the distribution in rankings of cities by population was first noticed by Felix Auerbach in 1913. 

It is not known why Zipf's law holds for most languages.

Steve Jones

Stephen Philip "Steve" Jones (born 3 September 1955) is an English rock guitarist, best known as the guitarist and founding member of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols.

Peter Tatsuo Doi

Doi was born in Sendai. He studied in Rome.

Doi was ordained as a priest in 1921.

In 1934, he was made Secretary of the Apostolic Delegation to Japan.

He was named Bishop of Tokyo in 1937.

He was Apostolic Administrator of Roman Catholic Diocese of Yokohama from 1945 to 1947.

In 1960, Pope John XXIII created him Cardinal of Sant'Antonio da Padova in Via Merulana.

In 1965, Doi was among those who read the closing messages of the Second Vatican Council.


Stronger (Kelly Clarkson album)

Stronger is the fifth studio album by recording artist Kelly Clarkson. The album was releases on October 24, 2011. The hit single "Mr. Know It All" was released on September 5, 2011.

Henry Cooper

Sir Henry Cooper OBE KSG KB (3 May 1934–1 May 2011) was an English heavyweight boxer known for the power of his left hook. People called it "Enry's 'Ammer" (Henry's hammer). He knocked down Muhammad Ali early in Ali's career. Cooper held the British, Commonwealth and European heavyweight titles several times. He unsuccessfully challenged Ali for the world heavyweight championship in 1966. 

After he retired from boxing, Cooper was a television and radio personality. He was popular in Britain. He was the first (and is today one of just three people) to twice win the public vote for BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award. He is the only boxer to be awarded a knighthood. He is also named as one of the great Londoners in the "London Song" by Ray Davies on his 1998 album The Storyteller.

Cooper married an Italian Catholic woman and converted to her faith. 


Sierpinski triangle

A Sierpinski triangle or Sierpinski triangle gasket is a fractal resulting from doing the following:
If this is done, the first few steps will look like this:

If this is done an infinite number of times, its area will be 0.

They can also be 3D:

Morquio syndrome

Morquio syndrome is a very rare inherited disease. It is called mucopolysaccharidosis because the body cannot break down mucopolysaccharides which make up mucous. It has very serious effects, but can be helped by a synthetic version of the enzyme which is not working. 

My Life Would Suck Without You

"My Life Would Suck Without You" is a song from American singer Kelly Clarkson. It was the first single from her fourth studio album, "All I Ever Wanted". It was her second number-one hit in Canada and the United States and her first chart-topper in the UK. This song was released on January 31, 2009.

The song has the largest jump to number one in "Billboard" Hot 100 history. It was also the biggest leap on the chart ever until 2019, when Taylor Swift broke this record. "My Life Would Suck Without You" entered at #97 and moved to the top the following week.

In 2017, in a radio interview with Z100 in New York City, Clarkson discussed Dr. Luke (who was involved in a lawsuit with singer Kesha for reported assault). She claimed:
Clarkson also said that she usually asks for writing credits if she knows she created a fair-sized portion of a song. She says she lost "millions" of dollars in royalties by not being listed on the writing credits of the song.

Cyclops (character)

Scott Summers (also known as Cyclops) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a mutant and leader of the X-Men. He can shoot lasers from his eyes as his special power. He was in love with Jean Grey. He tried to save her while she was taken over by the Phoenix Force.

Scott Summers is a mutant. He was orphaned as a young boy when his parents died in a plane crash. He survived with his younger brother, Alex Summers. The two brothers were then separated and sent to orphanages. When he was a teenager, Scott was adopted by Charles Xavier, the founder of the X-Men and the headmaster of Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters (a school for mutants). Under Xavier, Scott learned to control his powers with special glasses, as Scott cannot control them by himself due to an injury he got in the plane crash. Xavier made Scott the first leader of the X-Men, which was made up of four other teenage mutants.

Scott Summers is the son of Christopher Summers, a pilot. He has two brothers, Alex and Gabriel. Scott did not know that he had a second brother for a long time. Scott has multiple children. They are all powerful mutants. His daughter's name is Rachel. She is from an alternate future and can move things with her mind. Scott has a son named Nathan Christopher, and there are multiple versions of him because of time travel. The most well-known version is Cable, a large man with a mechanical arm. The other well-known version is Nate Grey, who is from another alternate timeline.

Scott Summers has been in many romantic relationships. His most famous is with Jean Grey, a very powerful telepath and telekinetic. Jean is Rachel's mother. Jean and Scott have been married twice. Scott has also been married to a woman named Madelyn Pryor, a clone of Jean Grey. Scott did not know Madelyn was a clone when he married her. Madelyn is Nathan Christopher's mother, but Jean Grey helped raise him after Madelyn's first death. Scott has also been in a relationship with Emma Frost, another powerful mutant.

Scott has several close friends among the X-Men. Wolverine (also known as Logan) is one of Scott's best friends, but they tend to fight a lot over their different beliefs. Storm (also known as Ororo Munroe) is also very close with Scott. She has co-lead the X-Men with him many times. Scott considers many X-Men members to be like his family.

Scott is not friends with many superheroes outside of the X-Men because he is a mutant. The exception to this is the young team of heroes called the Champions, who befriended a teenage version of Scott who got pulled into his future for a short time. The adult version of Scott still sees the Champions as his friends in his present day.

Scott Summers has natural superpowers because he is a mutant. His mutant power is to be able to shoot powerful red beams out of his eyes. His beams can knock down large objects, but do not produce heat like a laser. Scott needs special glasses or a visor to control his beams because of a head injury. With his visor, Scott can change the size and power of his beams, from very wide and strong to very focused. Scott is also able to do complicated math in his head to know the angles he needs to bounce his beams just right. Outside of his mutant powers, Scott is a very good tactical leader and is good with children.

James Marsden initially portrayed Cyclops in the 20th Century Fox "X-Men" movies, while a younger version of the character was portrayed by Tim Pocock in the 2009 prequel movie "", and he was portrayed by Tye Sheridan in "" (2016) and "Dark Phoenix" (2019) as well as a cameo in "Deadpool 2" (2018).

Because of You

"Because of You" is a pop rock single from singer Kelly Clarkson off her second studio album "Breakaway". It was first released in 2005. The single made Clarkson the only winner in "American Idol" history to have a fourth song from the same album in Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2007 "Because of You" was reprised in a duet alongside the country music artist Reba McEntire; the reprised version produced the first appearance of Clarkson in the Billboard Hot Country charts, where the single hit Number 2.

Tawny owl

The tawny owl or brown owl ("Strix aluco") is a stocky, medium-sized owl commonly found in woodlands across much of Eurasia. There are eleven recognised subspecies, and some variation in the colouring. 

The nest is usually in a tree hole where it can protect its eggs and young against potential predators. This owl is resident through the year, and highly territorial. Many young birds starve if they cannot find a vacant territory once parental care ceases.

This nocturnal bird of prey hunts mainly rodents, usually by dropping from a perch to seize its prey, which it swallows whole; in towns its diet includes a higher proportion of birds. Vision and hearing adaptations and silent flight aid its night hunting. The Tawny is capable of catching smaller owls, but is itself vulnerable to the Eagle owl or Northern Goshawk. Red foxes are an important cause of mortality in newly fledged young.

Although many people believe this owl has exceptional night vision, its retina is no more sensitive than a human's. Rather, it is its asymmetrically placed ears that are key to its hunting. They give the Tawny owl excellent directional hearing. Like most owls, it hunts at night. It has a rather strange, but easily imitated, call.

Wheeling, West Virginia

Wheeling is a city in the U.S. state of West Virginia. It is in both Ohio County and Marshall County. It is the county seat of Ohio County. Wheeling is the main city of the Wheeling Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city had 27,052 people as of the 2020 census. It was previously home to the Wheeling Stogies minor league baseball team.


Ocean acidification

Ocean acidification is the decrease in the pH (scale of acidity and alkalinity) and increase in acidity of the Earth's oceans. It is caused by the increase of carbon dioxide (CO2) that humans have put into the atmosphere. More than 30% of the carbon dioxide in the air goes into the oceans. Therefore, when carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases, the carbon dioxide in the ocean increases, too.
When carbon dioxide enters the oceans, it makes it more acidic.

The skeletons and shells of many sea animals need what is known as calcium carbonate minerals. Due to ocean acidification, there are fewer of these minerals and there are species that could no longer produce or keep their shells. With more carbon dioxide in the ocean, this problem becomes worse and many species will be at risk. As a result, if humans continue to emit greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, ocean life will be in severe danger. Also, coral is at risk, as it is being eroded by the acid in the ocean.

Between 1751 CE and 1994 CE the ocean's pH on the surface went from 8.25 to 8.1.


William Wallace Barron

William Wallace "Wally" Barron (December 8, 1911 – November 12, 2002) was a Democratic politician in West Virginia. He was the state's 26th Governor from 1961 to 1965. He later went to jail for corruption.

Barron's governorship was corrupt. Many officials were convicted of criminal charges including bribery, making false records, conspiracy and . In 1971 Barron was convicted of in an earlier trial. Barron was sentenced to 5 years in prison.

He died on November 12, 2002 in Charlotte, North Carolina.


Turk Telekom Arena

Ali Sami Yen Spor Kompleksi - Türk Telekom Arena is a new multi-purpose stadium in the Şişli district of Istanbul, Turkey. It became the new home ground for Galatasaray S.K. in 2011, replacing the old Ali Sami Yen Stadium. The stadium has an all seated capacity of 52,652.



Imperial

Imperial may mean:

1. The things associated with a country led by a powerful leader (an empire) or with that leader (Emperor) as a person.

2. A system of weights and measures (Imperial units) formerly used by the old British Empire, and in places it controlled or affected, including inches, feet, ounces, pounds, and other measurements which are frequently used by English-speaking people, as opposed the International System based on meters and liters.

Emperor Junnin

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was Ōi"-shinnō" (Ōi-no-ō). The posthumous name of Emperor Junnin was given by Emperor Meiji.

He was the seventh son of Prince Toneri, a son of Emperor Temmu. His father died when he was at the age of three, and he was given no rank nor office of the court.

In the older Japanese documents, he was often referred as the . 

His fate was changed in 757 when Empress Kōken named him as her heir (crown prince).




Junnin caused grain storage centers ("Jōheisō") to be established in the provinces. The government stored rice from the years of good harvests. This rice was used to control higher prices when harvests of rice were not good. The "Jōheisō" were abolished during the Kamakura period.

The actual site of Junnin's grave is known. This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Awaji. 

The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Junnin's mausoleum. It is formally named "Awaji no misasagi".

In 1870, Emperor Meiji conferred the posthumous name and title by which he is now known.

The years of Junnin's reign are identified by a single era name.


Macaroni

Macaroni is a pasta food which is made of wheat and flour. It is from Italy. It is in the shape of a small tube. It can either be straight or curved. The curved type is called elbow macaroni.

Macaroni is almost never eaten by itself. It is usually eaten with another food or covered in a sauce. A very popular type of macaroni is "Macaroni and cheese", which is macaroni covered in melted cheese.

In Libya, macaroni is called Macroona Imbakbaka. Libya has Italian food because it used to be an Italian colony.

Fried chicken

Fried chicken are pieces of chicken that have been either battered or floured and then pan fried, pressure fried or deep fried. The breading adds a crisper crust to chickens' exterior. The chicken is cut at the joints with the bones and skin being left. Some fast food restaurant chains serve fried chicken, most notably Kentucky Fried Chicken, Popeyes and Chick-fil-A.

The term "fried chicken" was first used in the 1830s.

Scottish people were the first European people who were frying chicken, although it was not seasoned or battered. People in West Africa were the ones who seasoned it. However, the first dish which was deep fried was fritters. Fritters were popular during the Middle Ages.

Some fried chicken is marinated in buttermilk and pickle juice before battering.

There is a racial stereotype that black people like eating fried chicken. There have been a number of public controversies about remarks that people have made about fried chicken and black people that have been considered racist.

Jon Huntsman Jr.

Jon Meade Huntsman, Jr. (born March 26, 1960) is an American businessman, diplomat and politician. He was the 8th United States Ambassador to Russia from October 3, 2017 to October 3, 2019 for the Donald Trump administration. He was the 11th United States Ambassador to Singapore from September 22, 1992 through June 15, 1993. He served as the 16th Governor of Utah from January 3, 2005 through August 11, 2009. During the Barack Obama administration, Huntsman served as the United States Ambassador to China from August 28, 2009 through April 28, 2011.

Huntsman ran for president in the 2012 United States presidential election, but lost the Republican nomination to Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.

On March 8, 2017, Huntsman accepted a position as United States Ambassador to Russia under the nomination from President Donald Trump. He was sworn in on October 3, 2017. On August 6, 2019, Huntsman submitted his resignation letter to President Donald Trump as Ambassador to Russia, effective October 3, 2019. He unsuccessfully ran for Utah Governor again in the 2020 race.

Huntsman was born in Palo Alto, California, but went to school in Salt Lake City, Utah. His father is businessman Jon Huntsman Sr.. He dropped out of high school to be in a rock band. Later, he got a G.E.D. and went to college at the Universities of Utah and Pennsylvania.

After living in Taipei for a year, Huntsman served in the Reagan and Bush Administrations. He was Ambassador to Singapore when he was only 32. When Bill Clinton was President, Huntsman ran his family's multimillion-dollar chemical company. He served as George W. Bush's Ambassador to Indonesia and Deputy Trade Representative.

In 2004, Huntsman was elected Governor of Utah. While in office, he cut taxes. While governor, most people in Utah approved of him. He was re-elected in 2008, but resigned as Barack Obama's Ambassador to China. Huntsman served in that capacity from 2009 to 2011. While Ambassador, he watched some Chinese protest; this led to the Chinese blocking his name on Google for a while.

Huntsman was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2012 Republican primaries. He was one of the most moderate candidates running in the primaries. Huntsman ran on his strong record of job creation in Utah, which had the highest job creation rate in America while he was governor. He has also polled near the bottom of the candidates in the race, although he had a strong showing in New Hampshire. He lost the primaries to Mitt Romney.

On March 8, 2017, Trump nominated Huntsman to serve as the United States Ambassador to Russia. He began the position on October 3, 2017. He resigned in October 2019.

On November 14, 2019, Huntsman announced his plans to run for Governor of Utah again in the 2020 election. He lost the Republican nomination to Spencer Cox in July 2020.

Huntsman is a Mormon and went on a Mormon mission in Asia, but has explored other faiths. Huntsman is also an Eagle Scout. Huntsman has seven kids. Two of them are adopted. One of his children, is Abby Huntsman who is a co-host of "The View".

In October 2018, Huntsman was diagnosed with stage-1 melanoma and is seeking treatment at the Huntsman Cancer Institute.


Dame school

A Dame school was a private elementary school in English-speaking countries. The children were usually taught by women. The schools were most common from the 17th century to the 19th century. Most of these schools were in Britain, the United States, and Australia. 

The Statistical Society of London found almost half of all children in Dame schools surveyed were only taught spelling. Few were taught mathematics and grammar. Dame schools became less common in Britain after the introduction of compulsory education in 1870. 


In North America, "dame school" is a name for a private school with a female teacher during the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries. The education at these schools could be good or very good. Most dame schools were in New England, where every child needed to be literate because of the laws. In the Southern colonies, there were not as many women who knew enough to teach the children.

Motivated by their Puritan religion, some Austrailian women in 17th century opened small, private schools in their homes to teach reading to young children. All children needed to know their religion and how to read because of the Massachusetts School Law of 1642. This law was later made more important by the famous Old Deluder Satan Act. According to Puritan beliefs, Satan would try to keep people from understanding the Scriptures, therefore all children had to be taught how to read. For a small fee, women, often housewives or widows, offered to take in children to whom she would teach a little writing, reading, basic prayers, and religious beliefs. These women received pay in coin, home industries, alcohol, baked goods, and other valuables. Teaching materials generally included a hornbook, primer, Psalter, and Bible. Both girls and boys were provided education through the dame school system. Dame schools generally focused on the four R's of education-"Riting, Reading, Rithmetic, and Religion". In addition to primary education, girls in dame schools might also learn sewing, embroidery, and other "graces". Most girls received their only formal education from dame schools because of sex-segregated education in common or public schools during the colonial period. If their parents could afford it, after attending a dame school for a rudimentary education in reading, colonial boys moved on to grammar schools where a male teacher taught advanced arithmetic, writing, Latin, and Greek.

In the 18th and 19th centuries, some dame schools offered boys and girls from wealthy families a "polite education". The women running these special dame schools taught "reading, writing, English, French, arithmetic, and music, and dancing". Schools for upper-class girls were usually called "female seminaries", "finishing schools" instead of "dame schools".

The first school in Australia started in 1789. The school was a Dame school where children were taught basic skills by a prisoner, Isabella Rossen.


Marine (military)

A marine is a member of a military force. Marines specialize in military actions in other countries, such as amphibious warfare. Marines usually have strong links with the country's navy. The commander in the field is usually the commander of the fleet. Support for the marines such as medical, legal, and supplies come from the navy. The anchor is often used as a symbol for the marines. The word "marine" is from the English word "marine", meaning "of the sea", from the French "marin(e)", "of the sea" which was from the Latin "marinus" ("maritime"). The name "marine" means "navy" in French, Dutch, and German. Marine forces are usually part of the navy, but they can be part of the army or act on their own.

In the past the marines have protected ships at sea. When ship crews were pressed (forced to serve) the marines protected the ship from mutiny. They would also board other ships during battle or capture prize ships. They carried out raids on the shore to help the navy. Marines would also take part in campaign ashore, to help the army.

In the earliest days of naval warfare, there was little difference between sailors and soldiers on a warship. The oarsmen of Ancient Greek and Roman ships had to be able to fight the oarsmen of other ships. Armed soldiers were used on Greek ships to get on board enemy ships to fight their crews. The Roman Navy's two legions, I "Adiutrix" and II "Adiutrix", were among the first special naval infantry units.

The first organized group of marines was created when Charles V first assigned the naval infantry of the "Compañías Viejas del Mar de Nápoles" (Naples Sea Old Companies) to the Escuadras de Galeras del Mediterráneo (Mediterranean Galley Squadrons) in 1537. This was the start of the current Spanish Navy Marines (Infantería de Marina) corps. The American Marine Corps began on 10 November 1775 in Tun Tavern, Philadelphia, just seven months before America declared its independence on 4 July 1776.

The main task for marine troops is military actions near the coast. Based on ships they are trained to land on and secure key points to around 50 miles inland. Marines leave the warships using helicopters, landing craft, hovercraft and amphibious vehicles.

Marines are also in other naval roles such as boarding other ships, ship clean up, naval port security, mess duty, and field day operations.

The Argentine Marine Corps ("Infantería de Marina de la Armada de la República Argentina" or IMARA) is a part of the Argentine Navy. It has a Fleet Marine Force with one marine battalion, artillery, air defence, communications, logisticss, engineer and vehicle units. There is a Southern Marine Force with two marine battalions, a river operations battalion, a special forces unit (the Amphibious Commandos Group) and several security battalions and companies. The 5th Battalion of the "Infanteria de Marina" fought in the Falklands War ().



















1. Two Marine Forces ("Pasukan Marinir"), a unit similar to a division, led by a Marine Brigadier General.
2. Three Marine Infantry Brigades (with nine Marine Infantry Battalions).
3. Two Marine Cavalry Regiments (with Marine Amphibious Tank and also Amphibious Artillery-bearer Landing Craft Battalions).
4. Two Marine Artillery Regiments (with Marine Rocket, Howitzer and Gun Battalions).
5. Two Marine Combat Support Regiments, with Marine Engineer, Military Police, Base Defense, Motorized Transportation, Amphibious-Reconnaissance and also Logistic Battalions.
6. Two Marine Bases in Jakarta and Surabaya.
7. Two Marine Hospitals.
8. An anti-terrorism unit called "Detasemen Jala Mangkara" (literally "Sea Ghost Detachment").


The Iraqi Navy is a small force with 800 sailors and six platoons of marines designed to protect the shoreline and inland waterways. The navy also protects offshore oil platforms. The navy will have coastal patrol squadrons, assault boat squadrons and a marine battalion. The force will consist of 2,000 to 2,500 sailors by 2010.


Italian Navy
Italian Army

The JSDF has brigades operated similar to marines:































The ancient Greek states did not possess specialized marine infantry, instead they used hoplites and archers as an onboard contingent ("epibatai").

The Roman Navy used regular infantry as marines. Naval personnel were trained for raiding and also provided the troops for at least two legions (I "Adiutrix" and II "Adiutrix") for service on land. The various provincial fleets were usually provided with marines from the adjacent legions.

For several centuries, the Byzantine navy used the descendants of the Mardaites, who were settled in southern Anatolia and Greece, as marines and rowers for its ships. Emperor Basil I also established a separate marine regiment, 4,000 strong, for the central Imperial Fleet based at Constantinople. These were professional troops, and were counted among the elite "tagmata".

In the 1260s, when emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos rebuilt the navy, he recruited the "Tzakones" (settlers from Laconia) and the "Gasmouloi" (men of mixed Greek-Latin descent) as special marine troops. Despite the progressive decline and virtual disappearance of the navy, they remained active until the late Palaiologan period.

The Confederate States Marine Corps (CSMC), a branch of the Confederate States Navy, was established by the Confederate Congress on 16 March 1861.

Marineregimentet (The Marine Regiment) was the naval infantry of the Royal Dano-Norwegian Navy.

The Meredessantpataljon, was a short lived infantry battalion of the Estonian Navy. The battalion was created in 1919 from the crews of the Estonian surface warships and was based in Tallinn. The unit was mainly used on the Southern Front during the Estonian War of Independence. The unit was operational from March to June in 1919.

The "Troupes de marine" were founded in 1622 (as "compagnies ordinaires de la mer") as land forces under the control of the Secretary of State of the Navy, notably for operations in French Canada. The "Compagnies de la Mer" were transformed in line infantry regiments by Napoleon, but became once more marine forces in 1822 (for the artillery) and 1831 (for the infantry). These "Troupes de marines" were in the 19th century the main overseas and colonial forces of the French military. In 1900 they were put under the orders of the War Ministry and took the name of "Troupes Coloniales" (Colonial Forces). In 1958 the designation of "Troupes Coloniales" was changed to "Troupes d'Outre-Mer" (Overseas Forces) but in 1961 it reverted to the original "Troupes de marine". Throughout these changes in title these troops continued to be part of the French Army.

The Confederation of Gran Colombia Marines were formed in 1822 and were disbanded in 1829, Personnel were mostly from Venezuela.



The Blackshirts militia maintained an independent "Marine Group" with four MVSN battalions (24th, 25th, 50th and 60th).

Both the Imperial Japanese Navy and Army maintained marine-type units. Both were dissolved at the end of World War II and Japan no longer has marines.

The Lebanese Forces militia maintained a small elite marine unit until the LF was disarmed and disbanded the unit. The Marines were the navy of the militia and it maintained a force of small boats.

The Corps was founded on 10 December 1665 during the Second Anglo-Dutch War by the unofficial leader of the republic Johan de Witt and Admiral Michiel de Ruyter as the Regiment de Marine. Its leader was Willem Joseph Baron van Ghent. The Dutch had successfully used ordinary soldiers in ships at sea in the First Anglo-Dutch War. It was the fifth European marine unit formed, being preceded by the Spanish Marines (1537), the Portuguese Marines (1610), the French Marines (1622) and the English Royal Marines (1664). Like Britain, the Netherlands has had several periods when its Marines were disbanded. The Netherlands itself was under French occupation or control from 1810 until 1813. A new marine unit was raised on 20 March 1801 during the time of the Batavian Republic and on 14 August 1806 the Korps Koninklijke Grenadiers van de Marine was raised under King Louis Bonaparte. The modern Korps Mariniers dates from 1814, receiving its current name in 1817.

The battle honors on the Korps Mariniers' colors are: Raid on the Medway (1667), Kijkduin (1673), Sennefe (1674), Spain, Dogger Bank (1781), West Indies, Algiers (1816), Atjeh, Bali, Rotterdam (1940), Java Sea (1942), Java and Madoera (1947–1948), and New Guinea (1962).

The role of Ottoman naval infantry originated in Orhan's conquest of the Karasi Beylik and the capture of its fleet. From then on Janissaries and Azaps were sometimes deployed as marines during the 14th Century. The Deniz azaps were used during the 16th Century; while troops called Levend (Bahriyeli) were raised on and off over the centuries - over 50,000 of them by the late 18th century. The last raised units were the "Ta'ifat al Ru'sa" (corsair captains militia) recruited from among the North African Arabs and indigenous Berbers. Ottoman marines were part of the Ottoman navy.

Portugal raised numerous companies of Special Marines ("Fuzileiros Especiais") and African Special Marines ("Fuzileiros Especiais Africanos"), both at home and in the African colonies of Guinea-Bissau, Angola and Mozambique, for service in Africa during the Portuguese Colonial Wars. The African Special Marines were all-black units.

The Imperial Russian Navy used several regiments of marine equipage troops that fought as much on land as they served in ship detachments. One battalion was formed within the Guard, and served on the Imperial family's ships.

The Ushkuiniks were medieval Novgorodian pirates who led a Viking-like life and often raided other Russian settlements.

The Soviet Navy had a number of small battalion-sized naval infantry and coastal defence units that mostly served in the ports and bases before the Second World War. During the war, and building on the visuals of the mutinied sailors of Petrograd in 1917, the Stavka ordered formation of naval infantry brigades from the surplus to either ship or shore duty sailors, and forty brigades served in mostly ground troops roles until 1944 when they were used for amphibious operations in Norway and along the Black Sea coast.

The South Africa Marine Corps was set up as a sub-branch of the South African Navy in 1979, with the primary purpose of protecting harbours. The Marines were disbanded in 1989, following a major restructuring of the Navy at the end of the South African Border War.



The forerunner of the Republic of Vietnam Marine Corps (VNMC) was established by Ngo Dinh Diem, then prime minister of what was then the State of Vietnam on October 13, 1954. The Republic of Vietnam was established in October 1955 after Diem used a fraudulent referendum to topple Bao Dai. The VNMC became defunct on 1 May 1975 after the fall of Saigon.

The 12th Naval Infantry Brigade ("Mornaricka Pesadijska Brigada") of the Yugoslavian Navy consisted of 900 to 2,000 men in three battalions. A multi-ethnic unit, the brigade was broken up during the dissolution of the Yugoslav federation and saw little action.



Pope Paul I

Pope Paul I (; 700 – 28 June 767) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 94th Pope from May 29, 757 to June 28, 767.

He was the brother of Pope Stephen II. 

Paul was ordained as a Roman deacon.

After Pope Stephen's death, Paul was elected in 757.

Paul's papacy was troubled by disputes with the Lombards. He had good relations with Pepin, who was king of the Franks.



Rick Santorum

Richard John "Rick" Santorum (born May 10, 1958) is an American lawyer and politician. He served as the United States senator of Pennsylvania from 1995 to 2007. He ran for President of the United States in 2012 and in 2016.

Santorum was born in Winchester, Virginia. He is of Italian American descent. He was raised in West Virginia, Butler, Pennsylvania, and Illinois. He went to college and to law school at Penn State University. Soon after, he became a lawyer in Pittsburgh.

Santorum served in the House of Representatives from 1991 to 1995. With the 1994 elections that elected many Republicans, he was elected to the United States Senate. He served in the Senate for two terms, from 1995 to 2007. In the Senate, Santorum was known for having very conservative views about abortion and gay marriage. Santorum lost in the 2006 election for a third term as a Senator to State Treasurer Bob Casey, Jr and C. Richard Semple II. After being in the Senate, he worked in a think tank and for Fox News.

In 2011 and 2012, Santorum ran for President of the United States in the Republican primaries. He based his campaign on social issues. He dropped out of the race in 2012. Today, Santorum writes a political column for the conservative news website World Net Daily.

Santorum announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential election on May 27, 2015. He dropped out of the race on February 3, 2016 after poor polling numbers and loosing the Iowa caucuses. He later announced his endorsement for Marco Rubio.

Santorum married Karen Garver in 1990. Together, they have seven children.


Pope Paul II

Pope Paul II (; 23 February 1417 – 26 July 1471), born Pietro Barbo, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 212th Pope from 1464 until his death in 1471.

Pietro Barbo was born in Venice. He was a nephew of Pope Eugene IV. 

Barbo became a cardinal in 1440. He was sometimes called the Venetian cardinal.

Barbo was elected Pope on 30 August 1464; and he chose to be called Paul II. 

Pope Paul was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

The Cardinals' right to wear the red biretta was granted by Paul II.

The accounts of histories written soon after his death were unfavorable.




Rechtsstaat

Rechtsstaat is an idea in continental European thought. It is that in a country, the state's power is limited by the laws. This might either be the laws agreed upon, or natural law. It is similar to the idea of the rule of law. 

Chatterbot

A chatterbot is a computer program that responds to input in a natural language. An example is ELIZA. ELIZA was one of the first chatterbots. Every year, there is a contest for chatterbots called the Loebner prize.

Loebner prize

The Loebner prize is an award given out every year to a chatterbot. The winner is chosen by a Turing test: Each judge talks (text-based) to a chatterbot and to a human. The judge guesses which is which. The contest started in 1990 by Hugh Loebner. The first winner was "Whimsical Conversation".

Tetration

Tetration is the hyperoperation which comes after exponentiation. formula_1 means y exponentiated by itself, (x-1) times. List of first 4 natural number hyperoperations, the inverse of tetration is the super root shown in the example

The above example is read as "the nth tetration of a".


Who Knew

"Who Knew" is a single from American pop rock singer Pink, off her fourth album "I'm Not Dead". It's about losing a friend due to abusing drugs. The song was released in 2006, although it was not until 2007 that the single became a hit after being released again following success of Pink's other song "U + Ur Hand"

Pope Paul IV

Pope Paul IV (; 28 June 1476 – 18 August 1559), born Giovanni Pietro Carafa, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 221st Pope from 23 May 1555 until his death.

Giovanni Pietro Carafa was born in Capriglia Irpina in a noble family of Naples.

Pope Leo X sent Carafa as ambassador to England and then as papal nuncio in Spain.

In 1524, Pope Clement VII allowed Carafa to retire from diplomacy to head a monastery. 

Pope Paul III recalled him to Rome.

In 1536, Carafa was made Cardinal and Archbishop of Naples.

He reorganized the Roman Inquisition.

Cardinal Carafa was elected popein 1555; and he chose to be called Paul IV. 

Pope Paul was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Pope Paul IV quarrelled with Philip II. of Spain, who sent the Duke of Alba with an army from Naples to invade the Papal States. At the gates of Rome, a peace was concluded in 1557.

In the context of the Counter-Reformation, this pope supported the Inquisition in Italy.

He was buried in St. Peter's Basilica but was later transferred to Santa Maria sopra Minerva. 



Hyperoperation

A hyperoperation is a generalization of addition, multiplication, exponentiation, tetration, etc. They are often written using Knuth's up-arrow notation. Natural number level hyperoperations can be defined recursively as a piecewise function: 

Marry the Night

"Marry the Night" is the fifth and final single off Lady Gaga's second studio album "Born This Way". It was written and produced by Gaga. "Marry the Night" is a dance-pop song influenced by house and electropop. It additionally combines elements of disco and rock, with a funk rock-inspired breakdown. The song's lyrics are an homage to New York City and to the city's nightlife. The song reached number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 11 on the Canadian Hot 100, and number 16 on the UK Singles Chart. On March 27, 2012, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song Gold for sales and shipments of over 500,000 copies in the US.

The music video for the song has autobiographical elements, showing Gaga after she was dropped from Def Jam Records. The video starts off in a hospital, and shows scenes of the singer dancing on top of a car and with a dance troupe.

Joe Strummer

John Graham Mellor (21 August 1952 – 22 December 2002), better known by his stage name, Joe Strummer, was the co-founder, lyricist, rhythm guitarist and lead vocalist of the British punk rock band The Clash.

He was also member of The 101ers, Latino Rockabilly War, The Mescaleros and The Pogues, in addition to his own solo music career. Strummer's work included acting, creating film scores, songwriting, radio broadcasting, and a position as a radio host. He is one of the most iconic figures of the British punk movement.

He died of heart disease at his home in Broomfield, Somerset, England.

Premise

A premise is a statement which an argument claims will justify a conclusion. The proof of a conclusion depends on both the truth of the premises and the validity of the argument.

Aristotle held that any logical argument could be reduced to three premises and a conclusion. Premises are sometimes left unstated in which case they are called missing premises, for example:

It is understood that Socrates is a man. The fully expressed reasoning is thus:

In this example, the first two independent clauses before the comma (namely, "all men are mortal" and "Socrates is a man") are the premises, while "Socrates is mortal" is the conclusion.

In logic, an argument requires a set of two declarative sentences (or "propositions") known as the premises, with another declarative sentence (or "proposition") known as the conclusion. This structure of two premises and one conclusion forms the basic argumentative structure.

More complex arguments can use a series of rules to connect several premises to one conclusion, or to derive a number of conclusions from the original premises. An example of this is the use of the rules of inference found within symbolic logic.


Arturo Vidal

Arturo Erasmo Vidal Pardo (born 22 May 1987) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Athletico Paranaense and the Chile national team.

Simone Pepe

Simone Pepe (born 30 August 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus.

Quill

A quill pen is a tool used for writing, made from a flight feather of a large bird. Quills were used for writing with ink before other pens were invented. They are still used in calligraphy sometimes. Today, most paper is made from wood plulp. Such papers use the quill rather rapidly. The hollow shaft of the feather (the "calamus") acts as an ink reservoir and ink flows to the tip by capillary action. 

Flag of Kentucky

The Flag of Kentucky was adopted on March 26, 1918. It has a blue background, with Kentucky's seal in the middle. The seal shows a picture of two men hugging each other. Legend says that the two men were Daniel Boone and Henry Clay. Above their heads says "United We Stand". By their toes says "Divided We Fall". The phrase "United We Stand, Divided We Fall" is Kentucky's motto.


Illustrissimi

Illustrissimi ("To the Illustrious Ones") is a book written by Pope John Paul I when he was Patriarch of Venice. 

The book is a collection of letters which were first published in the Italian Christian paper "Messaggero di S. Antonio" between 1972 and 1975. They were reprinted in book form in Italy in 1976. 

The work was first published in English in 1978 when Cardinal Luciani was elected Pope, but it only reached the public after the death of John Paul I.

The 40 letters in all are addressed to people in Italian history and fiction, including


Self-similarity

Something is self-similar if it is similar (or very close) to a part of itself. For example, the Mandelbrot set is self-similar as it contains an infinite number of almost exact copies of itself.

Space Launch System

The Space Launch System (SLS) is a NASA rocket. It is a super heavy-lift launch vehicle. It is the second most powerful rocket ever built, less powerful than Starship. The SLS is a replacement for the retired Space Shuttle. Many parts are modified versions of parts designed for the Space Shuttle. Others are new designs.

The first crewed (carrying people) flight will be no earlier than November 2024. The planned flight is Artemis 3.

The Space Launch System comes in many different types meant to launch different kinds of missions.
The least powerful kind of the SLS is the Block 1. The core stage will use the parts of the Space Shuttle External Tank. It will also use four Space Shuttle Main Engines. The rocket boosters are connected to the sides are the 5-segment Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Boosters. The top stage will use is the Interim Cryogenic Propulsion Stage (ICPS).

Block 1B is similar to the Block 1. The top stage will change with Exploration Upper Stage (EUS). A crew version and a cargo version will be made.

Block 2 is similar to Block 1B. The 5-segment SRBs will be changed with advanced boosters.


Knuth's up-arrow notation

Knuth's up-arrow notation is a way of expressing very big numbers. It was made by Donald Knuth in 1976. It is related to the hyperoperation sequence. The notation is used in Graham's number. 

One arrow represents exponentiation, 2 arrows represent tetration, 3 for pentation, etc.:

This notation is used to describe the incredibly large Graham's Number.

Bernie Madoff

Bernard Lawrence "Bernie" Madoff (; April 29, 1938 – April 14, 2021) was an American former investor, former stockbroker and former non-executive chairman for NASDAQ Stock Market. He was the admitted operator of a Ponzi scheme which is the largest financial fraud in United States history.

In March 2009, Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and admitted to turning his wealth management business into a massive Ponzi scheme. Thousands of investors lost billions of dollars. Madoff said he began the Ponzi scheme in the early 1990s. However, federal investigators believe the fraud began as early as the 1970s. The people who are hunting for the missing money believe the investment operation may never have been legitimate. The amount missing from client accounts, including fabricated gains, was almost $65 billion. The court-appointed trustee estimated actual losses to investors of $18 billion. On June 29, 2009, he was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed.

Madoff was of Jewish descent. He was married to Ruth. The elder of their two sons committed suicide by hanging in 2010. The younger son died of lymphoma in 2014. 

In December 2013, Madoff suffered from a heart attack. In January 2014, he said he had stage 4 kidney cancer.

Madoff died on April 14, 2021 at a prison medical center in Butner, North Carolina after suffering from kidney disease for many years, at the age of 82. His cause of death was hypertension caused by heart and kidney disease.


Duckboards

Duckboards are wooden walkways. They are usually put over muddy ground. Doing this means that people can walk on the dry duckboards instead of the muddy ground.

Duckboards are used to allow hikers to walk over wet and/or muddy ground, like a swamp or shores of a lake. Very wide duckboards are used sometimes so that wheelchair users can use them. Duckboards can be nailed into logs with wooden stakes.

During World War I, duckboards were put along the ground of trenches on the Western Front. This is because the trenches usually flooded. Mud and water would stay in the trenches for months. The boards helped to keep the soldiers' feet dry. It also helped stop soldiers get a disease called trench foot. Trench foot is caused by standing on wet, muddy ground for a long time. They also helped soldiers move along the trenches faster. Sometimes, falling from duckboards could be deadly. Some unlucky soldiers drowned in mud because of their heavy equipment.

Twenty Questions

20Q is a game where somebody thinks of an object and the goal is to figure out what it is in 20 questions or fewer. It is available as a handheld game, a website, and a game show. It usually starts out by asking whether the object is an "animal, vegetable, mineral, or other".

20Q website

Bill Clements

William Perry "Bill" Clements, Jr. (April 13, 1917 – May 29, 2011) was the 42nd and 44th Governor of Texas, serving from 1979 to 1983 and 1987 to 1991. Clements was the first Republican to have served as governor of the U.S. state of Texas since Reconstruction. Clements' eight years in office were the most served by any Texan governor prior to former Governor Rick Perry.

Clements was born in Dallas and worked as an oil driller for many years. He studied at Southern Methodist University (SMU) but did not finish a degree. He founded SEDCO in 1947, which became the world's largest offshore drilling company. He entered politics as the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. From 1975-1977 he worked under Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.

In 1975, he married political organizer Rita Crocker Clements.

On January 16, 1979, Clements replaced Democrat Dolph Briscoe as governor of Texas. He defeated State Representative Ray Hutchison in the Republican primary by a vote of 115,345 to 38,268. Clements won the November 1978 general election defeating Democrat John Hill. Hill had been the Chief Justice of the Texas Supreme Court and had been the Texas Attorney General for six years. Clements got 49.96% of the votes. With help from the votes of several minor candidates he narrowly won the election. 
Clements ran for reelection in 1982 but was defeated by Democratic Attorney General Mark White. People think that he lost votes because the economy was bad.

After being defeated, Clements was chairman of the board of governors of SMU in Dallas. He ran again in 1986 and won a primary against U.S. Representative Thomas Loeffler of New Braunfels and former Democratic turned Republican Congressman Kent Hance of Lubbock. At the election Clements defeated Governor White getting 52.7% of the votes.

His first term was marked by SEDCO's involvement in the then largest oil blowout in history, the Ixtoc I oil spill, which caused extensive environmental damage. Charlie Brooks, Jr., became the first prisoner to be executed by lethal injection (December 1982). Clements faced heavily Democratic state legislatures. In 1980, Clements changed the death penalty for Randall Dale Adams to life in prison. Adams was the subject of "The Thin Blue Line", an Errol Morris documentary movie. Adams was found to be innocent in 1989 after serving twelve years in prison.

During his second term, Clements worked to reduce crime, improve education, and boost the Texas economy. He tried to improve relations with Mexico, especially on immigration and the War on Drugs.

Clements's second term was hurt by actions he took at SMU. On March 3, 1987, Clements admitted that he and the SMU board of governors had approved a secret plan to pay 13 college football players using money from an alumnus. The NCAA shut down the SMU football program for the 1987 season. They did not have a team in 1988 as well. The shutdown and other sanctions hurt the team for many years. The College of Bishops of the United Methodist Church investigated the scandal. The discovered Clements had met with athletic director Bob Hitch, and agreed that the payments had to continue.
In late 1985 then SMU President L. Donald Shields and board of trustees chairman Edwin L. Cox wanted to stop the payments completely. Clements told President Shields to "stay out of it" and to "go run the university".

A week later, Clements said he was sorry that he kept making the payments. He said the he had learned about the payments in 1984, and discovered that players had been paid since the mid-1970s. The board "reluctantly and uncomfortably" decided to continue paying players who had already been guaranteed payments. However, he now knows that they should have stopped the payments immediately.

Clements faced calls for his impeachment as a result of these statements. Two state legislators argued that he would have never been elected Governor had told the truth about his role in the scandal. Because of this, Clements did not run for a third term as governor. On January 15, 1991, Democratic state Treasurer Ann Richards replaced him.

After leaving the governorship, Clements worked hard to help Republican candidates seeking office in Texas. He lived in Dallas with his second wife, Rita Crocker. She was later appointed to the University of Texas Regents by Governor George W. Bush. Clements was known for his acerbic, energetic personality, which Democrats hated but Republicans loved. In 1993, he unsuccessfully supported the conservative Congressman Joe Barton in a special election for the U.S. Senate. 

In June 2009, Clements donated $100 million to UT Southwestern Medical Center, the largest civic donation in Dallas history. A high school in Sugar Land, Texas and a state office building in Austin, Texas are named in honor of Clements.

On Memorial Day weekend in 2011, Clements died at age 94 in a Dallas hospital from natural causes.



Jingle Bells

"Jingle Bells" is a popular American winter song about riding through the snow in a sleigh. It was written by James Lord Pierpont (1822–1893) of Medford, Massachusetts. It was published under the title "One Horse Open Sleigh" in the autumn of 1857. It was written to be sung for Thanksgiving. It is also sung at Christmas. It is sung at Christmas so much that most people believe it is a Christmas song, but it is not.

I'll Be Home for Christmas

"I'll Be Home for Christmas" is a holiday song written via Buck Ram, Walter Kent and Kim Gannon. It was first sung by Bing Crosby beginning in 1943. It's been covered by many other artists, such as The Carpenters, Johnny Mathis, Amy Grant and Jordin Sparks throughout the years.

Jingle Bell Rock

"Jingle Bell Rock" is a popular Christmas song. It was first sung by Bobby Helms in 1957. It is often played on the radio during the Christmas season. "Jingle Bell Rock" was composed (written) by Joseph Carleton Beal (1900–1967) and James Ross Boothe (1917–1976).

Since 1957, other singers have recorded their own versions of this song including, Jessica Simpson, Hilary Duff, Johnny Mathis, Hall & Oates and Brenda Lee. Many others have done so as well.


Sam P. Chelladurai

Sam Chelladurai () (born 7 December 1952) is the Senior Pastor of the Apostolic Fellowship Tabernacle, a church in Chennai, India. His sermons at the church are televised in Tamil, English, and Hindi. Also, all his church services are "webcast" live on his website, www.revsam.org. He also leads the Full Gospel Bible Institute and an Evangelistic Outreach Program (Campaign India). He prints a Monthly Magazine in Tamil (Vettriyum Vaazhvum). He speaks at Teaching Seminars throughout South India.

Sam Chelladurai taught on many different topics, including the following:


Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree

"Rockin' around the Christmas Tree" is an extremely popular Christmas song first performed by Brenda Lee. It was released in 1958 and 1959, although it was not until 1960 that the song became popular. Other musicians have covered the song through the years, including, however not limited to Justin Bieber, Amy Grant, Jessica Simpson, LeAnn Rimes and Miley Cyrus.

Seydou Keita

Seydou Keita (born 16 January 1980 in Bamako) is a Malian footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Malian national team. He also holds a French passport.

Ibrahim Afellay

Ibrahim Afellay (born 2 April 1986 in Utrecht, Netherlands) is a Moroccan-Dutch former footballer. He made 53 appearances for the Netherlands.

PSV

Barcelona

Olympiacos

Netherlands

Individual

Pope Paul

Pope Paul may mean:

"See also:"

Pope Pius

Pope Pius may mean:

Pope Pius II

Pope Pius II (; 18 October 1405 – 14 August 1464), born Enea Silvio Piccolomini , was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 211th Pope from August 19, 1458 until his death in 1464.

Pius II was born at Corsignano, which is near Siena. He was the oldest of 18 children.

He studied at the University of Siena.

He was ordained in 1446.

In 1447, Pope Nicholas V made Piccolomini Bishop of Trieste. In 1450, he was made Bishop of Siena.

In 1456, Pope Calixtus III raised Bishop Piccolomini to the rank of cardinal.

Cardinal Piccolomini was elected pope in 1458. The pope chose to be called "Pius" because of the adjective pious which recurs in the phrase "pius Aeneas" in Virgil's "Aeneid".

Pope Pius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

According to Niccolò Machiavelli, "Pius showed himself mindful above all of the welfare of Christendom and of the honour of the Church, independent of any private passion or interest of his own."

St. Catherine of Siena was canonized during his reign.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Pope Pius II, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 20+ works in 30+ publications in 5 languages and 120+ library holdings.



Peanut milk

Peanut milk is a type of plant milk. It is made by blending peanuts, water and optional flavours.

Pope Pius III

Pope Pius III (; 29 May 1439 – 18 October 1503), born Franchesco Todeschini and also known as Francesco Todeschini Piccolomini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 216th Pope from 22 September to 18 October 1503.

Francesco Todeschini was born in Siena. He was the nephew of Aeneas Silvius Piccolomini, who would become Pope Pius II. He was allowed by uncle to take his mother's maiden name of Piccolomini. His studies in law at the University of Perugia led to a doctorate degree.

In 1460, Pius II appointed Todeschini to be Bishop of Siena.

Todeschini was named Cardinal of St. Eustachio in 1460. He was sent on diplomatic missions by Pope Paul II, Pope Sixtus IV and Pope Alexander VI.

Cardinal Piccolomini was elected pope on September 22, 1503, His choice of name honors his uncle Pius II.

This pope's reign lasted less than a month.



Tidal stream power

Tidal stream power is electricity made from the tidal movement of water. A tidal stream generator is a machine that extracts energy from moving water in tides. Tidal stream generators draw energy from water currents in much the same way as wind turbines draw energy from air currents.

Tidal stream power is the cheapest and the least ecologically damaging among the three main forms of tidal power generation.

Tidal stream power is a relatively new technology. It was first conceived in the 1970s during the oil crisis.

The potential for power generation by an individual tidal turbine can be greater than that of similarly rated wind energy turbine. Water is about 800 times the density of air. So, water pushing against a turbine can provide much more power than air pushing against a similar turbine at the same speed. Also, the lowest water speeds needed for an economic power project is lower than the wind speed needed for a wind turbine project. In practice, the tide must move at speeds of at least 2 knots (1 m/s) even close to neap tides to be a source of power. 

As with wind power, selection of location is critical for the tidal turbine. Tidal stream systems need to be located in areas with fast currents where natural flows are concentrated between obstructions, for example at the entrances to bays and rivers, around rocky points, headlands, or between islands or other land masses. 
The main concern has been whether the turbines kill fish. Very little direct environmental research or observation of tidal stream systems exists. Most direct observations consist of releasing tagged fish upstream of the device(s) and direct observation of mortality or impact on the fish.

One study of the Roosevelt Island Tidal Energy (RITE, Verdant Power) project in the East River (New York City), had 24 split beam hydroacoustic sensors (scientific echosounder) to detect and track the movement of fish both upstream and downstream of each of six turbines. The results suggested (1) very few fish using this portion of the river, (2) those fish which did use this area were not using the portion of the river which would subject them to blade strikes, and (3) no evidence of fish traveling through blade areas.

Work is currently being conducted by the Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center (NNMREC) to explore and establish tools and protocols for assessment of physical and biological conditions and monitor environmental changes associated with tidal energy development.

Cliff-dwelling

Cliff-dwllings are dwellings found by archaeologists formed by caves in high cliffs. They have been found in countries such as the United States, India, China, and Mexico.

Some dwellings are still used today in the United States by Native Americans in Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and Colorado. They are also used in Chihuahua, Mexico.

Patty Smyth

Patty Smyth (born June 26, 1957 in New York City) is an American rock and roll singer. She first had success as lead singer of the group Scandal. Her solo hit songs include "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough".

Ohio County, West Virginia

Ohio County is a county in West Virginia. It was created in 1776. It was named for the Ohio River which forms its western border. West Liberty (formerly Black's Cabin) was the county seat from 1777 to 1797. The city of Wheeling, West Virginia has been the county seat since then. As of 2020, 42,425 people lived there.

Ohio County is part of the Wheeling, West Virginia metropolitan area.


Ohio County is one of four US counties to border the state with whom it shares its name (the others are Nevada County, California, Texas County, Oklahoma, and Delaware County, Pennsylvania).

U.S. Route 250

U.S. Route 250 (US 250) is a route of the United States Numbered Highway System. It is a spur of U.S. Route 50. It runs for from Sandusky, Ohio to Richmond, Virginia. It passes through the states of Virginia, West Virginia, and Ohio. The road goes through the cities of Richmond, Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia, Staunton, Virginia, and Wheeling, West Virginia. US 250 intersects and forms a short overlap with its parent US 50 west of Pruntytown, West Virginia. In West Virginia, the route is signed north–south. In Ohio and Virginia, the route is signed east–west.

Pope Pius IV

Pope Pius IV (; 31 March 1499 – 9 December 1565), born Giovanni Angelo Medici, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 225th Pope from 1559 to 1565.

Giovanni Angelo Medici was born in Milan. He was not closely related to the Medicis of Florence.

He studied at University of Pavia and the University of Bologna where he earned a law degree.

In 1527, Medici went to Rome where he joined the church bureaucracy.

In 1549, Pope Paul III made Medici a cardinal. Pope Leo III sent him on diplomatic missions to Germany and to Hungary.

During the reign of Pope Paul IV, Cardinal Medici was out of favor.

Cardinal Medici was elected Pope on 25 December 1559.

In the context of the Counter-Reformation, this pope moderated the Inquisition in Italy.

Pope Paul III presided over the last session of the Council of Trent which was the major event of his papacy.

In part, the Tridentine Creed reflects the thinking of church leaders at the Council of Trent.

After his death in 1565, the body of Pope Pius IV was entombed at the church of Santa Maria degli Angeli.



Functional programming

Functional programming is a programming paradigm where values are passed around into functions, and those functions are themselves values. Functional programmers often try to make large parts of their code referentially transparent.

Darlene Love

Darlene Wright, better known as Darlene Love, (born July 26, 1941) is an American pop rock singer and actress. She was born in Los Angeles. She became well known in the 1960s with many hit songs. She has also acted in movies and many television programs.

JSON

JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a way of expressing information. JSON is usually easy to understand. It can express information like XML. It is based on JavaScript's notation for object literals. However, JSON is stricter. 

JSON and XML are both often used in AJAX. Even though JSON is named after JavaScript, it can be used in other programming languages, such as Python (, etc.)

This is an example of JSON:

JSON Encoding and Decoding in Python

Encoding:

import json

sampleDict = {

sampleJson = json.dumps(sampleDict, indent=4)
Decoding:

import json

sampleJson = """{ "firstName": "John", "lastName" : "Smith"}"""

sampleDict = json.loads(sampleJson)
print(sampleDict['firstName'])
print(sampleDict['lastName'])

Baby, It's Cold Outside

"Baby, It's Cold Outside" is a 1944 song. Frank Loesser wrote the words. This song was sold to MGM. The song does not mention any holiday, but it is regarded as a Christmas song because of the lyrics' depiction of a snowy backdrop. The song is often heard on radio at Christmas time. It has been recorded by multiple musicians, including Dean Martin, Ray Charles and Barry Manilow.

Mesa, Colorado

Mesa is a unincorporated town in Colorado. It has a cemetery.

Mario Kart 7

Mario Kart 7 (also called MK7 and originally called Mario Kart 3DS) is a Nintendo 3DS racing game released on December 1, 2011. It is the seventh main game in the series. The game as additions, including hang-gliding attachments on karts and driving underwater. The player is able to customize their karts. Metal Mario, Lakitu, Wiggler, and Honey Queen appeared as playable characters.

I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus

"I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" is a Christmas song with words and music by British songwriter Tommie Connor. The original recording by 13-year-old Jimmy Boyd rose to #1 on the "Billboard" charts in December 1952. The words tell of a child who sees Mommy kissing Santa Claus underneath the mistletoe.

The Roman Catholic Church in Boston hated the song because it is a Christmas song that also mentions sex. Radio stations in several markets banned it. Boyd went to church leaders to talk about the words. The ban on the song was lifted.

The song has been performed by various musicians, including but not limited to the Ronettes, Jackson 5, Jessica Simpson, John Mellencamp, Amy Winehouse and other singers throughout the years.

The Ronettes

The Ronettes were an American girl group. They were based in New York City and were popular in the 1960s. The girls began singing as adolescents around Spanish Harlem in 1959.

They were originally a five-member group, Ronnie and the Relatives, who became a permanent act at the "Peppermint Lounge", earning $10 a night per girl to dance "The Twist" and sing a song during the show. Later, Ronnie and the Relatives became 'The Ronettes'. They had eight songs on the "Billboard" Top 100. They were the only girl group to tour with the Beatles, in August 1966. The group broke up in 1967.

The trio worked with Phil Spector from 1963. Veronica Bennett was married to Phil Spector from 1968 to 1974, and took his name professionally. She claimed he abused her physically and mentally. Ronnie stated in her autobiography that she walked out of the house through the closed and locked rear sliding glass door, shoeless, shattering the glass as she left, and feet all cut up by the time she got to the gate. She never returned. Ronnie Spector filed for divorce in 1972. She wrote a book about her experiences, and said years later: "I can only say that when I left in the early 1970s, I knew that if I didn't leave at that time, I was going to die there". She and Spector separated in 1973 and divorced one year later. In August 2011, Spector admitted that she went to rehab in order to escape living with Phil.

The first top hit credited to the Ronettes was "Be My Baby" in 1963. They had already recorded several hits which were issued and credited to another group, the Crystals. "Walking in the Rain" (Ronette version) won a Grammy Award in 1965, and "Be My Baby" went into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999. Other hits were "Silhouettes", "Baby, I Love You', "(The Best Part of) Breakin' Up".


Yahoo! Search

Yahoo! Search is an Internet search engine. It is owned by Yahoo! Inc. In December 2009, it was the 2nd most used search engine- 6.42% of internet searches were done on Yahoo! Search. Google was the most used with 85.35% and Baidu was 3rd with 3.67%, according to Net Applications.

Yahoo! Search started as a web directory of other websites, organized in a hierarchy. Then, in the late 1990s, Yahoo! changed into a portal with a search interface and, by 2007, a limited version of selection-based search.

Yahoo! Search used to be called "Yahoo! provided Search interface". It would send queries to a searchable index of pages and its directory of sites. The results were shown on the screen under the Yahoo! brand. Originally, none of the actual web searching and storage/retrieval of data was done by Yahoo! itself. In 2001 the searchable index was run by Inktomi and later was run by Google until 2004, when Yahoo! Search became independent.

On July 29, 2009, Microsoft and Yahoo! announced that Bing would run Yahoo! Search. All Yahoo! Search customers and partners were moved to Bing by early 2012.



Andretti Autosport

Andretti Autosport is an American car racing team that races in the IZOD IndyCar Series. They have won many series titles, the last one with Ryan Hunter-Reay in 2007. They were called Andretti Green Racing until 2010. It is owned by Mario Andretti and his son Michael Andretti. Their 2011 drivers were 

Danica Patrick the first woman to win an IndyCar race. She is being replaced for 2012 and will move to NASCAR. she drove the #7 car sponsored by domain name provider GoDaddy.com. Patrick was supposed to be replaced by Dan Wheldon but he was killed in an accident before his first race with the team.

Marco Andretti the son of the team owner who won the 2011 Iowa Corn Indy 200. He drives the #26 car sponsored by Dr. Pepper and Venom Energy Drink.

Mike Conway is a British driver that joined the team for 2011. He won the Long Beach Grand Prix. Conway drives the #27 Buffalo Wild Wings car. The team replaced him with James Hinchcliffe for 2012.

Ryan Hunter Reay also drives for the team, which he joined in 2010. His car is No. 28 and is sponsored by Sun Drop and DHL. He won the 2012 IndyCar Series championship.

Currently, their drivers for 2014 are Marco Andretti, Kurt Busch, James Hinchcliffe, Ryan Hunter-Reay, and Carlos Muñoz.

Royal Irish Constabulary

The Royal Irish Constabulary (Irish: Constáblacht Ríoga na hÉireann) was the police force of Ireland when it was part of the United Kingdom. It was made by legislation, which was sponsored by Sir Robert Peel in 1814. It was given its name by Queen Victoria for its loyalty during an Irish rebellion in 1867. It was made up mainly of Irish Roman Catholics. In 1870 the RIC took over the police forces of Londonderry and Belfast. The RIC worked together with the Dublin Metropolitan Police. It is headed by Enrique Peña Nieto since 2019.

It was shut down when Ireland left the UK in 1922. The Irish Free State Civic Guard has taken its place in Ireland, and in Northern Ireland it was replaced by the Royal Ulster Constabulary.

Sicel language

Sicel was an ancient language. It was spoken by the Sicels, a tribe that lived on Sicily. Sicel is an Indo-European language. Not much is known about Sicel because only few inscriptions have been found.

The Closer I Get to You

"The Closer I Get to You" is an American song first performed by Donny Hathaway and Roberta Flack. The original version was released in February 1978. The song was a major crossover hit for Flack. It peaked near #2 on Billboard Hot 100. It has been covered by other musicians, including Luther Vandross and Beyoncé.

Congo Free State

The Congo Free State () was a large area in Central Africa. It was privately owned by Leopold II, King of the Belgians. Leopold convinced the international community that he was involved in humanitarian work. He attracted scientific and humanitarian backing for the International African Association (), which he formed during a Brussels Geographic Conference of geographic societies, explorers, and leaders he hosted in 1876. Leopold used the Association and the defunct "Committee for Studies of the Upper Congo" () as a way to claim most of the Congo Basin. 

Leopold created the International Association of the Congo () as a new organization. The entity was officially recognized by the Berlin Conference of 1884-85 and various governments. On May 29, 1885, the king named his new colony the Congo Free State () and ruled it as a despot (even though he never visited his colony and Africa).

The Congo Free State under Leopold II used forced labor and mutilation of their hands, in order to get full control and force the natives to work at extracting natural resources, mainly rubber and ivory, for Leopold II's personal profit.

His harsh rule was responsible for the deaths of between five to 10 million Congolese people. The Congo became one of the most infamous international scandals of the early 20th century. As a result, Leopold II was forced to give control of it to the government of Belgium. The Belgian government took control in 1908 and created the Belgian Congo.

Flag of Ireland

The national flag of the Republic of Ireland () is a tricolour vertical flag of green, white, and orange. It is also known as the Irish tricolour. The flag proportion is 1:2 (length twice the width). To unionists it is frequently seen as antagonistic to their history and culture.

Its meaning is not explained in the Irish Constitution, but the Irish government has stated that:

Gallipoli

The Gallipoli peninsula (; ; ) is in Turkish East Thrace, the European part of Turkey. To the west there is the Aegean Sea and to the east there are the Dardanelles straits.

After an earthquake in 1354, the Greek city of Gallipoli was abandoned, then occupied by Turks from Anatolia. This made it the first Ottoman position in Europe.

The peninsula was part of the Byzantine Empire. The Ottoman Empire slowly conquered it from 13th century to the 15th century. By the 19th century, thirty thousand people lived in the city: Greeks, Turks, Armenians, Jews and Xoraxane Roma.

It was a big military camp for the British and French forces during the Crimean War (1854). It was also a stopping-off point on the way to Constantinople.

In World War I, Gallipoli was the site of the Gallipoli Campaign launched by British and French forces against the Ottoman Empire.

The name is from Greek "Καλλίπολις" ("Kallipolis"), meaning "Beautiful City".
In antiquity, it was called the Thracian Chersonese (, ).

God Save the Queen (Sex Pistols song)

God Save the Queen is a song by English punk rock band The Sex Pistols. It was the band's second single, and featured on their only album, "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols". The lyrics, as well as the cover, were controversial at the time. The BBC banned the song.

It has been covered by various bands, including Motorhead.

Wessex Sound Studios

Wessex Sound Studios was a recording studio in Highbury New Park, London, England.

Many renowned music artists recorded there, including The Sex Pistols, King Crimson, The Clash, Theatre of Hate, XTC, The Sinceros, Queen, Talk Talk and The Rolling Stones. It was sold to a residential development company in 2003.

Dryosauridae

Dryosaurids were primitive iguanodonts from the Middle Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous. They are found in what is now Africa, Europe, and North America.

There are 11 genera, of which "Dryosaurus" is the best known.

Pope Pius V

Pope Pius V (; 17 January 1504 – 1 May 1572), born Antonio Ghislieri and from 1518 called Michele Ghislieri, O.P., was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 226th Pope from 1566 to 1572. He is a saint of the Catholic Church.

Antonio Ghislieri was born at Bosco in what is now the province of Alessandria, Piedmont), Italy. As a youth, he entered the Dominican Order, and he took the name Michele.

Ghislieri was ordained as a priest in 1528.

Pope Paul IV made him Bishop of Sutri.

Paul IV raised Ghislieri to the rank of cardinal.

Pope Pius IV (1559–65) made Cardinal Ghislieri the Bishop of Mondovi in Piedmont. When Bishop Ghislieri became a cardinal, he did not replace his white Dominican habit with the red robes which most cardinals wore.

Cardinal Ghislieri was elected pope on 7 January 1566; and he chose to be called Pius V.

Pope Pius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

In the context of the Counter-Reformation, this pope supported the Inquisition in Italy.

Pope Pius excommunicated Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Pius V is credited as the first pope to wear white robes; and since his papacy, white clothing has become traditional.

Pius V died on 1 May 1572. His tomb is located in the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore; and the pope's body was placed in it in 1698.

Pius V was beatified by Pope Clement X in the year 1672.

Pope Clement XI made Pius a saint on 24 May 1712.



Poynings' Law

Poynings' Law (official title 10 Henry 7.c22) was a law passed by the Irish Parliament in 1495 during the reign of Henry VII of England, King of England and Lord of Ireland sponsored by his Lord Deputy Sir Edward Poynings at a session in Drogheda. It limited the power of the Irish Parliament and gave the English Parliament and monarch veto power over its legislation. The overall points of the law were:

The primary reason for its passage was because the Wars of the Roses had weakened England's stance in Ireland and Sir Edward wanted to restore order and English control to Ireland. It was repealed in 1782. 

Zell Miller

Zell Miller (born February 24, 1932 – March 23, 2018) was a former United States Senator from Georgia. Miller was Lieutenant Governor from 1975 to 1991, 79th Governor of Georgia from 1991 to 1999, and as United States Senator from 2000 to 2005.

He wrote a book "". The book spent nine weeks in the New York Times Best Seller list for hardback non-fiction.

Miller died on March 23, 2018, at his home in Young Harris, Georgia from Parkinson's disease, aged 86.

By Zell Miller:

About Zell Miller:


Jay Rockefeller

John D. Rockefeller IV (born June 18, 1937) is a retired American Democratic politician. He served as a United States senator of West Virginia from 1985 to 2015. Before becoming a U.S. Senator, he was Governor of West Virginia from 1977 to 1985.

In April 1992, he was the Democratic Party's finance chairman. He considered running for president, but decided not to after asking friends and advisors. He went on to strongly endorse Bill Clinton as the Democratic candidate.

He is the great-grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller. He is the only member of the Rockefeller family who was a government official to not be a Republican as the family dynasty are mostly left-wing Republicans.

He accused President Obama's critics of racism.

On January 11, 2013, Rockefeller announced that he would not seek reelection for the United States Senate in 2014.

David Rockefeller

David Rockefeller, Sr. (June 12, 1915 – March 20, 2017) was the patriarch of the Rockefeller family. He founded the Trilateral Commission. He was the only surviving grandchild of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil. His five siblings were Abby, John D. III, Nelson, Laurance and Winthrop.

He was a member of the advisory board for the Bilderberg Group.

His net wealth was about 2.5 billion dollars. This ranked him among the 300 richest people in the world.

He married Margaret "Peggy" McGrath on September 7, 1940; (September 28, 1915 – March 26, 1996), she was the daughter of a partner in a prominent Wall Street law firm. They had six children:

Margaret died in 1996. As of 2002, David had ten grandchildren: (by David) Ariana, Camilla; (by Neva) David, Miranda; (by Peggy) Michael; (by Richard) Clay, Rebecca; (by Abby) Christopher; (by Eileen) Danny and Adam.

Rockefeller died on March 20, 2017 at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York from congestive heart failure at the age of 101.

Pellegrino Ernetti

Pellegrino Ernetti (1925-1994) was a Roman Catholic priest. He joined the Benedictine order at the age of 16. He later became the most famous exorcist from Venice. He was also a musician and a physicist who wrote books on music theory. He claimed to have invented a time machine called the Chronovisor; however he would later go back on this. In 1994, he died at age 68. He has been referenced fighting a great few mythological beast with the Chronovisor like a Centaur.

Francois Brune, another priest, and journalist Peter Krassa argued Ernetti was pressured into refuting his claims about the Chronovisor.

Wilhelm Fliess

Wilhelm Fliess (, born 24 October 1858, Arnswalde, Province of Brandenburg–died 13 October 1928, Berlin) was a German Jewish otolaryngologist in Berlin. Fliess became friends with Sigmund Freud in 1887 after they attended a conference together. Fliess researched psychoanalysis with Freud.

British South Africa Company

The British South Africa Company was founded by Cecil Rhodes and chartered by the UK government in 1889 to administer British colonies in southern Africa that later became Rhodesia.

Pope Pius VII

Pope Pius VII (; 14 August 1742 – 20 August 1823), born Barnaba Niccolò Maria Luigi Chiaramonti, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 252nd Pope from 14 March 1800 to 20 August 1823.

Chiaramonti was born at Cesena, the son of Count Scipione Chiaramonti. His mother, Giovanna was related to the Braschi family.

At the age of 16, he joined the Benedictine Order in 1756; and he was called Brother Gregory.

Chiaramonte was ordained on 21 September 1765.

In 1782, Pius VI made Brother Gregory Bishop of Tivoli, which is near Rome. Later, he became the Bishop of Imola.

Pius VI raised Bishop Chiaramonte to the rank of Cardinal in 1785. The see (titular church) of Cardinal Chiaramonte was the Basilica of St. Callistus.

Cardinal Chiaramonti was elected pope on March 14 1800; and he chose to be called Pius VII. He appointed Ercole Consalvi as his Secretary of State.

Pope Pius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Pius traveled from Rome to Paris to crown Napoleon as Emperor of the French in 1804. Before leaving Rome, he signed abdication papers which would take effect if he were put in prison in France. He was not put in prison; and he did not abdicate.

Pius VII's monument (1831) in St. Peter's Basilica, Rome, is by the Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen.



Paula Jones

Paula Rosalee Corbin, better known as Paula Jones, was born September 17, 1966 in Lonoke, Arkansas. She is a former Arkansas state employee who sued President Bill Clinton for sexual harassment, though this lawsuit was officially dismissed after Jones failed to prove damages. The case was a precursor to Clinton being impeached, which he eventually was.

Sexual harassment

Sexual harassment is bullying, coercing or making threats of sexual natures toward other people. The behavior is not appropriate and in some circumstances it is illegal. Ranges of behavior go from seemingly minor annoyances to actual sexual abuse, psychological abuse or assault. For most businesses, the prevention of sexual harassment and defending employees and others from sexual harassment has become a key goal for legal decision-making.

The phrase appeared in print in a 1972 issue of "The Globe and Mail" newspaper published in Toronto. The term 'sexual harassment' was also used in 1973 in a report by Mary Rowe called "Saturn's Rings".

A 2011 study found that 48% of the 1,965 students surveyed had been sexually harassed. 9% reported the harassment to an adult who worked at school. Girls were more likely to be sexually harassed than boys. Girls are more likely to say that sexual harassment has affected them in a bad way.


Habitants

Habitants were the farmers of New France. They admired many things in First Nations' cultures and adopted some of their skills and technologies. The Habitants were hard working people who moved and lived in New France to farm.

Natalie Cole

Natalie Marie Cole (February 6, 1950 – December 31, 2015), better known as simply Natalie Cole, was an American singer and songwriter. She was a daughter of Nat King Cole and Maria Cole and a niece of Freddy Cole. She became successful during the mid to late 1970s as an R&B musician. After a period of low musical sales due to heavy drug addiction, she reemerged as a pop artist in 1987. During the 1990s, Cole won multiple Grammy Awards. She also appeared in many TV programs.

Cole died in Los Angeles, California on December 31, 2015 from congestive heart failure caused by heart disease. She was 65.


The Christmas Song

"The Christmas Song", also named "Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire" is a song that is played during the Christmas holiday season. It was written by Mel Tormé in 1944 and recorded in 1946 under Nat King Cole, who also did the song during 1953 and 1961. Other musicians, including though not limited to, The Carpenters, Christina Aguilera, Chicago, Hootie & the Blowfish and Jessica Simpson have covered the song throughout the years.

SV Wacker Burghausen

The SV Wacker Burghausen is a professional football club from Burghausen, Bavaria. Burghausen plays in the 3rd German league. The club is part of the SV Wacker Burghausen, a sports club with 24 different sports.
The club was founded in 1930 for the workers in the Wacker Chemie, a chemical factory which was founded in 1914. The firm is still main sponsor of the club.

During its history the club promoted up to the Second Bundesliga, where thy played from 2002/03 till 2006/07. 2007/08 they were 7th in the Regionalliga and qualified for the new 3.Liga. It finished the 2008–09 season in 18th place, on a relegation rank but was saved from having to step down to the Regionalliga by the withdrawal from the league of Kickers Emden for financial reasons.The next season the club finished in 18th place,on a relegation rank but was again saved from having step down to the Regionalliga by the financial problems of Rot Weiss Ahlen.
"As of 20 May 2011"

Recent managers of the club:

Irish Parliamentary Party

The Irish Parliamentary Party was a nationalist political party in Ireland. The Party wanted Ireland to be able to govern itself, instead of being governed by the United Kingdom. The Party was created in the nineteenth century by Isaac Butt. Its most famous leader was Charles Stewart Parnell. 

In 1886, the Party helped convince British Prime Minister, William Gladstone, to announce a Home Rule bill. The bill would make Ireland leave the United Kingdom. Ireland would become a British colony which could govern itself. Ireland would have its own parliament, instead of having representatives in the British Parliament. The bill did not get passed. 

Other Home rule bills were presented later on. They were different from the original because they would have kept Ireland's representation in the British Parliament (instead of giving Ireland its own parliament). None of these bills succeeded. One was passed in 1914, but it was canceled because of the First World War. Another was enacted in 1920, but it failed because of Irish rebellion. It was replaced by an independent Irish Free State, which included most of the island. A Home Ruled Northern Ireland was also created in six counties of Ulster that stayed in the United Kingdom.

Scotiabank Arena

Scotiabank Arena, formerly known as Air Canada Centre, is a sports arena in Toronto, Ontario. The arena opened in February 1999 as Air Canada Centre (ACC), and is the current home to the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL), the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the former home of the Toronto Rock of the National Lacrosse League (NLL). It holds 19,800 seats for basketball and 18,819 for hockey. The arena has also been the host of many concerts and WWE events over the years.

When the arena was sponsored by Air Canada, it was nicknamed "the ACC" and "the Hangar". The new nickname of "The Vault" was in use shortly after the new sponsorship was announced.

In August 2017, as the arena's sponsorship contract with Air Canada was nearing its end, MLSE announced that it had made a new deal with Scotiabank that took effect and Air Canada Centre was renamed as Scotiabank Arena on July 1, 2018. The current deal runs for 20 years and is worth C$800 million.


Miloš Krasić

Miloš Krasić (born 1 November 1984) is a Serbian professional football winger. He plays for Fenerbahçe SK and the Serbian national team.

Fenerbahçe completed the transfer of Krasić for €7 million on 3 August, 2012. Krasić signed a four-year contract worth €2.3 million per-season.

Krasić has been an important part of Serbia and Montenegro under-21 squad on the last two European U-21 championships, as well as at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum

The Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum is a sports arena in Uniondale, New York. The arena opened on February 11, 1972. It was the home to the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1972 until 2015 and again from 2018 until 2021. The arena is commonly known as Nassau Coliseum or The Coliseum. The arena was also notable for hosting the first part of the World Wrestling Federation's WrestleMania 2 in 1986. In addition, it has also hosted WWE's SummerSlam in August 2002, The Great American Bash in July 2008, and WWE Fatal 4-Way on June 20, 2010. It also hosted All Elite Wrestling (AEW)'s pay-per-view Worlds End in 2023. The arena was also the home of the New York Nets from 1972 to 1977.

The Islanders moved to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn after their lease of the Coliseum expired at the end of the 2014-2015 season. When the Islanders moved, the Coliseum would not have a permanent tenant after 2015 and leaves the future of the Coliseum in doubt. The Islanders decided to return and split half of the 2018–19 NHL season between the Barclays Center and Nassau Coliseum. They would continue to split games between arena the next season until returning to play the remainder of games at the Coliseum until their new arena, the UBS Arena was built.


Canada Life Centre

Canada Life Centre, originally known as True North Centre and later as MTS Centre and Bell MTS Place, is a sports arena in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The arena opened on November 16, 2004, and is the current home to the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). The arena was originally known as True North Centre during planning but naming rights were bought by Manitoba Telecom Services (MTS). After Bell Canada purchased MTS in spring 2017, the arena was renamed effective that May 30. The most recent name change was on July 15, 2021, when insurance and financial services company Canada Life entered into a 10-year naming rights agreement with True North Sports & Entertainment, which owns both the Jets and the arena.

The arena has been home to the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL), the Jets' top minor-league team, two different times. The team first played there from 2004 to 2011 before moving to St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and then returned to Winnipeg in 2015.


Helena Blavatsky

Helena Petrovna Blavatsky (12 August 1831 – 8 May 1891) was a Russian born occultist. At the age of 17 she married a Russian nobleman, Nikifvor Blavatsky, but soon divorced.

In 1875, Blavatsky and Henry Steel Olcott established a research and publishing institute called the Theosophical Society. Blavatsky defined Theosophy as "the archaic Wisdom-Religion, the esoteric doctrine once known in every ancient country having claims to civilization". One of the main purposes of the Theosophical Society was "to form a nucleus of the Universal Brotherhood of Humanity, without distinction of race, creed, sex, caste or color". Madame Blavatsky saw herself as a missionary of this ancient knowledge. She travelled the world and wrote books about the occult including "Isis Unveiled" and "The Secret Doctrine".

The Theosophical Society had an influence on Buddhist modernism and Hindu reform movements, and the spread of those modernised versions in the west. Blavatsky was important in the Western transmission and revival of Theravada Buddhism.

PNC Arena

PNC Arena is a sports arena in Raleigh, North Carolina. The arena opened on October 29, 1999, and is the current home to the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL) and North Carolina State University Wolfpack men's basketball. The arena was originally known as Raleigh Entertainment & Sports Arena until RBC Bank, the U.S. division of the Royal Bank of Canada, acquired naming rights for 20 years, which cost a reported $80 million. The name then changed to RBC Center. The arena was also host to many WWE events such as SummerSlam in 2000 and No Mercy in 2006. In 2011, the Royal Bank of Canada sold RBC Bank to PNC Financial Services, and the arena's name was officially changed to PNC Arena on March 15, 2012.


Kris Kross

Kris Kross was an Atlanta-based hip hop duo. Its members were Chris "Mac Daddy" Kelly and Chris "Daddy Mac" Smith. Their most notable song was "Jump" in 1992. The duo also had other hits including "Warm it Up". They were noted for wearing their clothes backwards. 

Their following albums did not do as well. The duo ended around 1998.

Member Chris Kelly was found unresponsive in his Atlanta home and was pronounced dead on May 1, 2013.

Scotiabank Saddledome

The Scotiabank Saddledome is a sports arena in Calgary, Alberta. The arena opened on October 15, 1983, and is the current home to the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL), Calgary Hitmen of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The arena was also known as the Olympic Saddledome from 1983 to 1996, the Canadian Airlines Saddledome from 1996 to 2000 and the Pengrowth Saddledome from 2000 to 2010. Scotiabank currently has naming rights on the arena. The arena has a seating capacity of 19,289 people.


Li (Confucian)

Li (禮 pinyin: Lǐ) is a classical Chinese word used in Confucian and post-Confucian Chinese philosophy. The English meaning is "the way things should be done." 

In Li one must be aware of the way one should act and function within a society. In Li one can best cultivate their character by understanding what it entails. Li encompasses most importantly the Doctrine of the Mean, and the Five Constant Relationships.

The Doctrine of the Mean is the way in which one should make decisions in life, in which the best decision is always the middle between unworkable extremes. Taking the middle road as Confucius said would guide one to the way things should be done.

The Five Constant Relationships outline how one should act in society, being the relationships between parent and child, husband and wife, elder sibling and junior sibling, elder friend and junior friend, and ruler and subject. With these constant relationship guidelines, Li sets up a hierarchy between the two people and terms the accepted responses and actions between them.



Stratovolcano

A stratovolcano is a tall, conical volcano built up by many layers (strata) of hardened lava, tephra, pumice, and volcanic ash. Unlike shield volcanoes, stratovolcanoes have a steep slope and explosive eruptions every now and then.

StG 44

The StG 44 (Sturmgewehr 44; Assault Rifle 44), known as the world's first assault rifle. Is a gun produced in Nazi Germany during the World War II, replacing the MP-40. Hitler first did not approve of this new class of weapons, so it was called MP-43 and MP-44, meaning Machine Pistol in English. The first service on the Eastern Front was successful, so more were manufactured.

Peter Soulsby

Sir Peter Alfred Soulsby (born 27 December 1948) is the elected Mayor of Leicester.

Picabo Street

Picabo Street (born April 3, 1971) in Idaho. She is a retired alpine ski racer who won gold medals at 1998 Winter Olympics and downhill at the 1996 World Championships. She also won silver medals at 1994 Winter Olympics and won World Cup downhill titles in 1995 and 1996, making her the first American woman to do so.

Garageland

"Garageland" is a song by English punk rock band The Clash, featured on their first album, "The Clash".
Upon The Clash's appearance at the Sex Pistols 'Screen on the Green' concert, NME critic Charles Shaar Murray said:

""The Clash are the kind of garage band who should be returned to the garage immediately, preferably with the engine running, which would undoubtedly be more of a loss to their friends and families than to either rock or roll.""

The Clash responded immediately by writing the song 'Garageland'. The opening verses are: ""Back in the garage with my bullshit detector" / "Carbon monoxide makes sure it's effective"", followed by the chorus: ""We're a garage band" / "We come from garageland"", and concluding with ""Back in the garage"".

Yet, only two years later, Murray was describing the band as ""the greatest rock band in the world"" in the same paper.

Pope Pius X

Pope Pius X (; , 2 June 1835 – 20 August 1914), born Giuseppe Melchiorre Sarto, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 258th Pope from 1903 to 1914. He is a saint of the Catholic Church, well known as being strongly against members of the Catholic Church trying to make it follow modern ideas, a movement called modernism.

Giuseppe Sarto was born in 1835 in Riese in the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia. He studied at the University of Padua.

Sarto was ordained as a priest on 18 September 1858.

In 1884, Pope Leo XIII made Sarto the Bishop of Mantua.

In 1893, Pope Leo XIII made Sarto a cardinal and the Patriarch of Venice.

On 20 4 August 1903, Cardinal Sarto was elected pope; and he chose to be called Pius X.

In 1951, he was beatified, which is a step in the process of naming a saint of the Catholic Church.

In 1954, he was canonized as a saint.



Dancing Queen

"Dancing Queen" is a 1975 song by the Swedish pop group ABBA. It was released as a single in autumn 1976, but recorded in 1975. It is commonly known as one of many successful songs in the 1970s. It is a signature song for ABBA. It was written by Benny Andersson, Björn Ulvaeus and Stig Anderson.

It became ABBA's only number one hit in the United States, and was at the top of the charts in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, West Germany and Rhodesia. "Dancing Queen" also reached the top five in many other countries.

In 2015, "Dancing Queen" was honored into the Recording Academy's Grammy Hall of Fame.

Arlen Specter

Arlen Specter (born February 12, 1930 – October 14, 2012) was an US Senator from Pennsylvania. He had 30 years in the Senate. He changed to the Democratic Party in 2009.

He ran for the Republican nomination for President in 1996.

Specter was born on February 12, 1930 in Wichita, Kansas. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania. He was with the United States Air Force during the Korean War. Specter later graduated from Yale Law School. He was married to Joan Specter. They had two children.

Specter died on October 14, 2012 from non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, aged 82.

Northlands Coliseum

The Northlands Coliseum is a sports arena in Edmonton, Alberta. The arena opened on November 10, 1974, and is the former home to the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL), the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and the Edmonton Rush of the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The arena was originally known as Northlands Coliseum from 1974 to 1995, Edmonton Coliseum from 1995 to 1998 and the Skyreach Centre from 1998 to 2003, and Rexall Place from 2003 until 2016. The arena returned to the Northlands Coliseum name after Rexall's rights ran out. The arena has hosted the Commonwealth Games in 1978 as well as WWE's Backlash pay-per-view in 2004.

The 2015–16 season was the last for the Oilers at Rexall Place. In 2014, construction started on a new arena for the Oilers in downtown Edmonton. The new arena would be known as Rogers Place and opened in the 2016–17 season.

The arena is expected to be demolished in 2025. 


Robert Fliess

Robert Fliess (1895-1970) was a psychoanalyst. His father was Wilhelm Fliess, who worked with Sigmund Freud. Robert Fliess wote several books, including "Erogeneity and Libido".

Carthage College

Carthage College is a Lutheran college in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States.

Manly Hall

Manly Palmer Hall (March 18, 1901 – August 29, 1990) was a Canadian-born author, lecturer, astrologer and mystic. He wrote many books, including "The Lost Keys of Freemasonry" and "The Secret Teachings of All Ages". Hall started the Philosophical Research Society in Los Angeles in 1934.

Pope Adrian IV

Adrian IV (; c. 1100 – 1 September 1159), born Nicholas Breakspear or Breakspeare, was Pope from 1154 to 1159.

Breakspear was an English priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 170th Pope. He is the only Englishman ever to have been Pope.

Breakspear was born near St. Albans in Hertfordshire in England. His father was Robert, who later became a monk at St Albans Abbey. Nicholas himself, however, was not yet to attend the monastery. He was told by the Abbot to 'wait to go on with his schooling so that he might be considered more suitable' (Abbey chronicles). He did not wait and went instead to Paris. He finally became a canon regular of the cloister of St. Rufus monastery near Arles. He rose to be Prior and soon was unanimously elected Abbot. This election has been traditionally dated to 1137. Evidence from the Abbey's chronicles suggests it was about 1145.

In 1146, Breakspear was made Bishop of Albano. Pope Eugene III raised Breakspear to the rank of Cardinal in the same year, 1146.

From 1152 to 1154, Cardinal Breakspear was the papal legate to Scandinavia.

Cardinal Breakspear was elected pope on 3 December 1154. He chose the name Adrian IV. He at once tried to bring down Arnold of Brescia, the leader of the anti-papal faction in Rome. Disorder in the city led to the murder of a cardinal. Adrian, shortly before Palm Sunday 1155, took the step of putting Rome under interdict. The Senate (City Council of Rome) then exiled Arnold.

Pope Adrian was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

A proposed alliance with the Eastern Byzantine Empire came to nothing. Adrian signed a Papal Bull (official letter) urging King Henry II of England to invade Ireland and bring the Celtic Christian church into the Roman system.

A dispute with Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor was happening when Adrian died. He was said to have died from choking on a fly in his wine. It was probably of quinsy.


Respiratory care

Respiratory care is a type of medicine that works with pulmonology to make people better who are suffering from lung problems. People working in respiratory care are called Respiratory Therapists. Respiratory Therapists help in every part of lung health. Respiratory Therapists are not all over the world, but are mostly in Canada, United States and Mexico. In other countries people involved in Respiratory Care are registered nurses and physical therapists.

Jim Jeffords

James Merrill "Jim" Jeffords (May 11, 1934 – August 18, 2014) was an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Vermont. He was senator from January 3, 1989 through January 3, 2007. Before being senator, Jeffords was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Vermont.

He was elected as a Republican. In 2001 he left the party to become a Independent. That gave control of the Senate to the Democratic Party.

Jeffords died on August 18, 2014 from Alzheimer's disease at Knollwood, a military retirement facility in Washington, D.C.. He had lived there for eight years. He was 80 years old.


Ground state

Ground state is the lowest level of energy in a particle, atom or molecule. If energy is added from outside, then the level of energy is increased, and the ground state is changed. Changing ground state is the process of excitement of electrons to higher levels. Any other state is called an "excited state." In ground state, an atom is stable, and does not give out electromagnetic radiation. When an electron drops down from an excited state to the ground state, electromagnetic radiation is released.

Winter Wonderland

"Winter Wonderland" is a winter oriented song often played during the Christmas holiday season. The song was created around 1934 via Felix Bernard and Richard B. Smith. The lyrics for "Winter Wonderland" talk about Parson Brown in the first bridge and a circus clown later in the song. This winter based song has been recorded by over 150 musicians, including though not limited to The Andrews Sisters, Amy Grant, Anne Murray and Johnny Mathis throughout the years.

Pope Pius VIII

Pope Pius VIII (; 20 November 1761 – 30 November 1830), born Francesco Saverio Castiglioni was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 254th Pope from 1829 and 1830.

He was born in Cingoli near Ancona.

In 1800, Pius VII named Castiglioni to be Bishop of Montalto.

Pius VII made Castiglioni a cardinal in 1816. Cardinal Catiglioni was made Bishop of Frascati in 1822.

Cardinal Castiglioni was elected Pope 1829; and his reign lasted only 20 months.



O Holy Night

"O Holy Night" is a Christmas oriented song. It was created to celebrate the renovation of the church organ in the town of Roquemaure, France. Placide Cappeau, a French wine merchant and poet, wrote a poem in 1843. He called it "Minuit, chrétiens" ("Midnight, Christians"). The poem reflects the birth of Jesus and tells about the redemption of mankind. The music was made by Adolphe Adam around 1847. Notable singers of the song include, although are not limited to, Mariah Carey, Celine Dion and others.

Ray Conniff

Joseph Raymond Conniff, better known as Ray Conniff, was an American bandleader. He worked with many musicians, including Rosemary Clooney and Johnny Mathis. He created the Ray Conniff Singers (representing twelve women and thirteen men) around 1959; the group lasted until mid 1970s. Conniff was born November 6, 1916 and died October 12, 2002.

RMS Lusitania

The RMS "Lusitania" was a British Ocean Liner. Built in 1907, the ship is best known for being sunk by Germany. 

Many believe the Lusitania was carrying ammunition to British troops when it was torpedoed by a German U-Boat (U-20) early on 7 May 1915 during World War I. 

More than a thousand people were on board, including 128 Americans. They were killed when the ship sank. At first President Woodrow Wilson only asked the German government to apologize and compensate the families of the victims. 

Two years later, this and other events led to the United States joining World War I on the Allied side. 


Pope Gregory

Pope Gregory may mean:

Here Comes Santa Claus

"Here Comes Santa Claus" is an American Christmas song recorded by Gene Autry. It was recorded in 1947 and 1953 on Columbia Records, both through Autry. Elvis Presley covered this song during 1957. Other musicians who recorded Here Comes Santa Claus include Doris Day, The Andrews Sisters and the Ray Conniff Singers.

Gene Autry

Orvon Grover Autry (September 29, 1907 – October 2, 1998), better known as Gene Autry was an American movie actor and a singer. He was born in Tioga, Texas. He was also owner of a Major League Baseball team based in Los Angeles. His is best known for the song "Back in the Saddle Again" but he also performed many Christmas songs.

Autry died of lymphoma in Studio City, Los Angeles, California.

Frosty the Snowman

"Frosty the Snowman", written and recorded in 1950, is a Christmas oriented song which was first performed by Gene Autry. The song is about a snowman that comes alive after a hat gets placed on his head by some children with whom he shares playful adventures before he has to hurry on his way. The children become sad as Frosty leaves, though Frosty tells them he will return. Some versions of the song say Christmas Day in the final lines. Other singers, including Nat King Cole, Beach Boys, Ella Fitzgerald, Ronettes and The Jackson 5, have performed their versions of the song throughout the years.

Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease

Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), also known as chronic obstructive lung disease (COLD), and chronic obstructive airway disease (COAD), is a collection of diseases which make breathing gradually more difficult.

Symptoms of COPD include difficulty breathing and cough, in particular coughing up lots of phlegm. It is usually caused by smoking cigarettes, and around half of people who smoke for their whole lives will develop COPD. Air pollution can be another cause, particularly in countries where indoor fires are used without ventilation.

At the beginning of the disease, the difficulty breathing is only noticeable when exercising, but over many years it gradually becomes worse, until there is difficulty breathing even when sitting or lying down. It can also lead to infections of the lung, which may be serious enough to cause death. 

The most important step in treating COPD is to stop smoking. Exercise and medications can also help. The most commonly used medications are called bronchodilators, which help to open up the airways and allow more air into the lungs.

3% of all disability is related to COPD. People can die from COPD. The World Health Organization predicts that COPD will become the third leading cause of death worldwide by 2030. It is thought that more people will die from it in the future.


Inhaler

An inhaler is a device for taking medications that are breathed in.

Inhalers are also called "puffers" by some people, and used for all sorts of respiratory problems including asthmatic disorders.

Hans Eysenck

Hans Eysenck (1916–1997) was an acclaimed German psychiatrist. He was a behaviorist and a leading opponent of Freudianism. He wrote many books, including attacking Freud called "Decline and Fall of the Freudian Empire" in 1985. He also wrote "Causes and Cures of Criminality".

Crown of Ireland Act 1542

The Crown of Ireland Act 1542 (33 Henry 8 c.1) was an act passed by the Irish Parliament during the reign of Henry VIII, King of England and Lord of Ireland that elevated the island from a lordship to the status of a kingdom.

Dita von Teese

Dita von Teese (born Heather Renée Sweet on September 28, 1972) is an American burlesque performer, actress, model, and singer.

Von Teese was married to rock musician Marilyn Manson from 2005 to 2007. She has no children.


Khedive

Khedive is a ruler. The word means the same as viceroy. It is an official who runs a country, colony, province, or city, as the representative of the monarch of the territory. 

Khedive was the title of Egyptian rulers from 1867 to 1914. It was given to the Turkish ruler of Egypt by the Ottoman Sultan, and removed by the British Empire when the Ottomans joined Germany in World War I. 

The title was first used by Muhammad Ali Pasha, an Albanian officer who seized power in Egypt as "Wali" (Governor). He ruled under the nominal overlordship of the Turks. His family was not recognized by the Sultan until the reign of his grandson Ismail Pasha. The last Khedive of Egypt was Abbas II. The dynasty of Muhammed Ali continued to rule Egypt, though under British 'guidance'. This ended with the Egyptian revolution of 1952. The last member of the family who ruled was King Farouk I.

Rockefeller Republican

Rockefeller Republican is a phrase that describes a kind of politician in the United States. Rockefeller Republicans are moderate or liberal Republicans on social issues, and conservative on economic issues. They are often from the northeastern part of the country. The term comes from former Vice President and Governor of New York, Nelson Rockefeller.

Prescott Bush

Prescott Bush (1895-1972) was a Republican member of the US Senate from Connecticut. He was the father of American President George H. W. Bush and the grandfather of President George W. Bush and Governor of Florida and presidential candidate Jeb Bush. He also worked with Brown Brothers Harriman. He went to Yale University and was a member of Skull and Bones and the Yale Glee Club. He was treasurer for Planned Parenthood.

Irish Parliament

The Irish Parliament () was a legislature created in 1297 to represent the Anglo-Irish in the English monarch's Lordship of Ireland. Like the Parliament of England, it had its own Houses of Commons and House of Lords. When King Henry VIII of England elevated Ireland to a kingdom in 1541 through an act of the Irish Parliament, he invited the Gaelic Irish to sit in the England Parliament for the first time. However, later English monarchs' penal laws prevented Roman Catholics from entering Parliament. So, the native Irish after this were virtually unrepresented since they were almost all Catholic.

The Irish Parliament's power was restricted by "Poynings law". Poynings Law was a bill sponsored by English Lord Deputy of Ireland Sir Edward Poynings in 1494. In 1782, the bill was repealed and the kingdom of Ireland had brief period of legislative autonomy. But in 1800 it passed a law called the Act of Union to abolish itself and the kingdom of Ireland, and incorporate Ireland into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. After that, the island was represented in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Palace of Westminster.

Connie Francis

Connie Francis is an American pop singer. She is well known for her trademark sobbing styles. She was popular during the 1950s and 1960s and was at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 musical charts many times.

Connie Francis was born on December 12 1937 to Ida and George Franconero. For the first few years of her life she lived in a Brooklyn neighbourhood on Utica Avenue/St. Marks Avenue until her family packed up and moved to New Jersey. She spent her teens years in an Italian/Jewish Neighbourhood; due to this, she became fluent in Yiddish and later went on to record multiple songs in Yiddish and Hebrew.

Francis recalls her father being a very supportive and encouraging her to regularly attend talent shows, pageants, etc. since the age of four as a singer and accordion player. She attended Newark Art School in 1951-’52 until her family moved to Belleville, where she graduated as Salutatorian from Belleville High School in the Class of 1955. During this time she continued her passion for performing and appeared at many neighbourhood talent shows (some of which were televised). Under the name Connie Franconero she appeared on NBCs variety show Startime Kids between 1953 and 1955.

During rehearsals for her appearance on Arthur Godfreys Talent Scouts, she was advised to change her name (for the sake of easier pronunciation) and drop the accordion, advice she gladly took as she had begun to despise the bulky instrument. She was also a singer on demo records around this time, she would record songs and companies or established singers would subsequently choose whether or not to buy the rights to the song and record it professionally. 

In 1955 (the same year the Startime Kids went off the air), George Franconero Sr. and Francis' manager George Scheck raised money for a recording session in an attempt to get four songs sold to a major company under Francis’ name, however they were declined as she had not yet developed her own distinctive sound. 

When MGM Records finally signed her, it was only because of one song, “Freddy”, that the co-executive thought would make a good present for his son of the same name. Her first few singles were commercial failures, her first chart success was in 1957 and that was a duet with Marvin Rainwater.

Her breakthrough, although amazing, came too late, after the failure of her last few singles her company said that her contract would not be renewed. This led her to consider a career in medicine and was about to accept a four year scholarship had it not been for her father, who insisted that she record a cover of “Who’s Sorry Now?” This, like the rest of her singles, at first went unnoticed but in 1958, after she did a performance on TV, it reached no. 1 on the UK Singles Chart and no.4 in the US and her contract was immediately renewed.

Over the next several years she would have many more commercial successes and would record some songs in European languages (such as, ""Die Liebe ist ein seltsames Spiel"" that was first on German charts, and others in Yiddish, Irish, Hebrew, French, etc.). After 15 years of this success she decided to allow her contact to run out and to distance herself from the business and would on appear on shows as a special guest.

After her moderate success with one single, she began to perform regularly again but sadly this led to an extremely tragic event; when performing at a music fair in New York in 1974 she was raped at a motel and almost suffocated under the weight of the mattress her attacker had thrown upon her. She subsequently sued the motel she was staying in and received $2.5 million, this entire ordeal led to a reform in hotel security but her rapist was never found. Francis went into a deep depression and reportedly began to abuse pills daily and rarely left her home.

In 1977 she decided to get nasal surgery and almost lost her voice, leading to her having to attend several other surgeries and vocal lessons. A year after losing her voice she returned to the studio to cut an album called “Who’s Happy Now?” She recorded “Where the Boys Are" also in Japanese, Italian, and Spanish, as she had done before with her original 1960 version. Again in 1981 she returned to the studio to record her original releases under MGM records.

In 1981, more tragedy struck Francis as her Brother George Franconero Jr. (with whom she was very close) was killed by mafia hitmen. Despite this event she took up performing again, her newfound success was short-lived though as she was soon diagnosed with manic depression and was committed to a total of 17 hospitals. Francis admitted she even attempted suicide due to the hospitals environments being extremely upsetting. Despite this, she was able to publish her autobiography "Who’s Sorry Now" that’s went on to become a "The New York Times Bestseller".

In 1989 she resumed her career and re-recorded 18 of her biggest hits and in ’92 one of her biggest German hit charted and ended up among the best singles of the year, this brought Francis the R.SH-Gold award for best comeback of the year. She continued to perform live in the more recent years also, in Las Vegas in 2004, San Francisco in 2007 and Manila in 2008. She also appeared at the Las Vegas Hilton with Dionne Warwick and in 2017 released her most recent autobiography "Among My Souvenirs".


Carlow

Carlow is a town in the Republic of Ireland. It was the capital of the English-controlled Lordship of Ireland from 1361 to 1374.

Lamborghini Reventón

The Lamborghini Reventón is a supercar. Lamborghini built it in 2007. The Reventón is based on the Murciélago. The styling of the Reventón was based on the F-22 Raptor. Only 20 Reventóns were built.

Lamborghini first showed the Reventón to the publics at the 12,908 Frankfurt Auto Show. Like many others Lamborghinis, the Reventón was named after a fighting bull. The Reventón was based on the Lamborghini Murciélago, and used the same engine as the Murciélago LP640.

The Reventón uses the same Lamborghini V12 engine as the Murciélago LP640. The Reventón’s engine is also paired to the same six-speed automated manual transmission as the Murciélago LP640. The Reventón, like the Murciélago, sends its power to all four wheels through an all-wheel drive system.

The Reventón’s engine makes at 8,000 rpm. It also makes of torque at 6,000 rpm. The Reventón can accelerate from from 0- in 3.4 seconds. It can also reach a top speed of .

Lamborghini first showed the Reventón Roadster at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show. The Roadster was a convertible version of the Reventón. Lamborghini built 15 Reventón Roadsters.

The Reventón Roadster used the engine from the Murciélago LP 670–4 SV. This engine had 30 more horsepower than the standard Reventón.

The Reventón Roadster has a lower top speed than the Reventón. The Roadster’s top speed is . The Roadster’s 0- time is 3.45 seconds, which is the same as the standard Reventón.

Church of Ireland

The Church of Ireland () is the Anglican church in Ireland. It is an independent member of the Anglican communion. During the kingdom of Ireland it was the state religion. It continued to be during the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when it became part of the Church of England. It was disestablished and separated from the Church of England in 1871 by the British Parliament.

The seat of the Church of Ireland is at Saint Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh. Today the Church has roughly 390,000 members throughout Ireland, which makes it the second largest religious community in Ireland (after the Catholic Church) and the third largest in Northern Ireland (after the Catholic Church and the Presbyterian Church in Ireland).

Michael O'Dwyer

Michael Francis O'Dwyer, KCIE, (April 1864 – 13 March 1940) was a British colonial administrator. He was an Irish Roman Catholic. He was Lieutenant Governor of Punjab during the Amritsar Massacre committed by General Dyer and was controversial for his defense of Dyer.

Pope Benedict

Pope Benedict may mean:

Migrant Workers Convention

International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families is a treaty of the United Nations for the rights of all migrant workers. It also protects their families. It was adopted in 18 December 1990. It went into force in 2003.

This Convention is made as a series of the international human rights law and at the "Preamble" of the Convention, they recall the conventions of the International Labour Organization about migrant workers and unfree labour. The aid of the Convention is to protect the rights of migrant workers who have not the nationality of the staying country, thus who can often be under the worse working condition or even the victims of human trafficking. 

But as of December 2019, only 55 countries have ratified, that is admitted formally the Convention. Most of those countries are in North Africa and South America. No migrant-receiving State in Western Europe or North America has ratified the Convention. Other important receiving countries, such as Australia, Arab states of the Persian Gulf, India and South Africa have not ratified the Convention either.

But this Convention is recalled by the Preamble of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.



Pope Benedict XI

Pope Benedict XI (; 1240–7 July 1304), born Nicholas Boccasini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 195th Pope from 1303 to 1304.

Boccasini was born in Treviso.

In 1254, Boccasini became a Dominican friar at the age of 14. He rose in the ranks of the Order; and was elected General or Master of the Order of Preachers in 1296.
Pope Boniface VIII raised Boccasini to the rank of cardinal. In 1298, he was named Cardinal of Santa Sabina.

In 1300, Cardinal Boccasini was named Bishop of Ostia and Velletri.

In 1302, he was the diplomatic representative of Boniface VIII in Hungary.

Cardinal Boccasini was elected pope on October 22, 1303; and he chose to be called Benedict XI. He was pope for only eight months.

Benedict was a supporter of the Ultamontane policies of Pope Boniface VIII.

In a conciliatory gesture, Benedict released the King of France from excommunication.

Pope Benedict died suddenly at Perugiain July 1304.

Benedict XI was beatified in 1773.

Benedict XI was the author of a volume of sermons and commentaries on the Gospel of Matthew, on the Psalms, the Book of Job, and John's Apocalypse".



Bell Centre

The Bell Centre () is a sports arena in Montreal, Quebec. The arena opened on March 16, 1996, and is the current home to the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). The arena was originally known as Molson Centre () from 1996 to 2002. Bell Canada currently has naming rights for the arena.

The arena has also held several WWE events, which includes the Survivor Series in 1997, where the infamous Montreal Screwjob between Bret Hart, Vince McMahon and Shawn Michaels took place, as well as other pay-per-views including No Way Out in 2003 and Breaking Point. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted episodes of their weekly television shows "Dynamite", "Rampage", "Collision" on December 5 and 6, 2023.


Pope Adrian

Pope Adrian may mean


Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town

"Santa Claus is Coming to Town" is a Christmas themed song. It was first written and recorded in 1934. The song was adapted to a television special around 1970. It has been recorded by multiple singers, including though not limited to Bruce Springsteen, Chicago, Dolly Parton, The Jackson 5, The Crystals, Mariah Carey, Michael Bublé and Beach Boys since it was introduced.

America's Most Wanted

America's Most Wanted is an American television program about wanted criminals that airs on Lifetime. The program is about catching people wanted for catching serious crimes. It aired on Fox from its debut until Fox canceled it on June 18, 2011. Six months later, Lifetime brought the show back. The creator and host is John Walsh.

On May 2, 2008, the program's website said it made its 1,000th capture.

Kiva (organization)

Kiva Microfunds (commonly known by its domain name, Kiva.org) was founded as a non-profit organization in October in 2005 by Matt Flannery and Jessica Jackley, an American couple interested in microfinance.

The project began in April 2004 when Jessica Jackley came back from East Africa where she had worked as a consultant for the non-profit Village Enterprise Fund. After, they began developing their plan for a microfinance project that became Kiva. Kiva means “unity” in Swahili. 

In January 2006, Premal Shah became Kiva’s president. More and more countries were included in Kiva’s projects like Mongolia, Liberia and Columbia in 2009. On top of that, since its creation, the organization has won a lot of prizes, for example the World Summit Award for “e-Business” in 2007 and the Webby People’s Choice Award for Charitable Organizations in 2008.

Kiva has become more and more popular. It belongs to the “50 best websites 2008” according to TIME magazine. President Clinton’s book "Giving" names Kiva "a way to give back". In October 2010, Kiva celebrated its fifth birthday. In five years it has given 100 million loans.

Kiva follows the rules of microcredit. Small, interest-free loans to people in difficulties or who cannot access a regular bank loan. The following points represent the different steps of the Kiva system.

To simplify all the transfers of money, there is a Kiva account which allows you to have a Kiva credit. When you are repaid, the money is available on this account, and you can loan it again. So, if you loan 25$, when you have been repaid you can lend it again, and actually, you have given 50$!

Kiva has achieved a total value of all loans at present of 251 142 725 $

In July 2007, the Kiva headquarters moved to their current address at 3180 18th Street, San Francisco.

Kiva's team is composed of around 450 employees and volunteers who work for the organisation. There are different sectors:


Everyone who works for the organisation is personally engaged in Kiva. 

The system of microcredit generally deals with the attribution of low sum loans to businessmen or artisans who cannot have regular bank loans. Microcredit is being developed in developing countries : nations with a low level of material wealth, where it allows small “micro” projects to become reality. It favours activity and wealth creation. Microcredit is also practiced in developed countries.

Microcredit is one of the financial sectors, like savings, micro insurance and others which compose the microfinance system.

On the 13th October 2006, Muhammad Yunus and the bank he created, Grameen Bank, were awarded the Nobel Peace prize. They were rewarded because of microcredit development at international, almost worldwide level.

This microcredit system is aimed at local economic development generally in poor countries to help small businesses and artisans to increase their goods or services production. Thanks to this system, little by little it allows economic development at national level, then at international level. It represents a solution to improve the situation of poor people.


Waunfawr

Waunfawr is a village in the small town of Aberystwyth in Wales. It has a big secondary school called Penglais Comprehensive School, a community hall and a park. It also has an old people's home, two shops and a chippy. There are many houses in Waunfawr.

Decompression chamber

A decompression chamber is a large container that divers can enter after they have surfaced to help their bodies return to normal atmospheric pressure. It is also called a "recompression chamber" or "hyperbaric oxygen therapy chamber".

When a diver returns to the surface too quickly, he can suffer from decompression sickness (also know as "the bends".) To prevent this divers would stop at various points as they returned toward the surface to allow their bodies to adjust to the pressure change. If a driver uses a chamber, the diver will adjust in the chamber rather than stop at various depths underwater. This eliminates many of the risks of long decompressions underwater, in cold or dangerous conditions.

Herbal

A herbal is a collection of plant descriptions: Very often, it also lists the properties of each plant, or its use, for example for medicine or alchemy. A herebal can also classify the plants it describes. One of the oldest known herbals is the Vienna Dioscurides dating from the 6th century. Physicians and Apothecaries were the main users of such books. Herbals were also important for the study of botany. Hieronymus Bock descrived the plants of southwestern Germany, in his 16th century herbal; he was the first to mention certain morphological features. 


Lindsay Wagner

Lindsay Wagner (b. June 22, 1949 near Los Angeles) is an Emmy Award winning television and movie actress. She is best known as the main character in the television series "The Bionic Woman". She has done many other programs and movies since then.

Willard Boyle

Willard Sterling Boyle, CC (August 19, 1924– May 7, 2011) was a Canadian physicist and co-inventor of the charge-coupled device. On October 6, 2009, he won the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for "the invention of an imaging semiconductor circuit—the CCD sensor".

Born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, he was the son of a medical doctor and moved to Quebec with his father and mother Beatrice when he was three. He was home schooled by his mother until age fourteen, when he attended Montreal's Lower Canada College to complete his secondary education. Boyle attended McGill University, but his education was interrupted in 1943, when he joined the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II. He was loaned to the Britain's Royal Navy, where he was learning how to land Spitfires on aircraft carriers as the war ended. He gained a Bachelor of Science (1947), Master of Science (1948) and PhD (1950) from McGill University.

After receiving his doctorate, Boyle spent one year at Canada's Radiation Laboratory and two years teaching physics at the Royal Military College of Canada. In 1953 Boyle joined Bell Labs a part of Bellcomm, where he invented the first continuously operating ruby laser with Don Nelson in 1962. He also helped invent a semiconductor injection laser. He became director of Space Science and Exploratory Studies at the Bell Labs in 1962. They provided support for the Apollo space program and helped to select Moon landing sites. He returned to Bell Labs in 1964, working on the development of integrated circuits. 

In 1969, Boyle and George E. Smith invented the charge-coupled device (CCD). Before CCDs were used in cameras, all cameras used chemicals to capture photographic images. CCDs made electronic photography possible. Boyle and Smith jointly received the Franklin Institute's Stuart Ballantine Medal in 1973, the 1974 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award, the 2006 Charles Stark Draper Prize, and the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for inventing the CCD. NASA used the CCD to send clear pictures to Earth back from space. CCD is also used in many digital cameras today. Smith said of their invention: "After making the first couple of imaging devices, we knew for certain that chemistry photography was dead."

Boyle was Executive Director of Research for Bell Labs from 1975 until his retirement in 1979. In retirement, he split his time between Halifax and Wallace, Nova Scotia where he helped launch an art gallery with his wife Betty, a landscape artist. He married Betty in 1947, and has four children, 10 grandchildren and one great-grandchild. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2010. Boyle died in Wallace from kidney disease.


Baku Metro

Baku Metro (), is an electrified metro railway system which is a part of the public transportation system of Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. It was opened on 6 November 1967.

At that time, Azerbaijan was part of the Soviet Union until the end of the Soviet Union in 1991. The Baku Metro has the features found in most other ex-Soviet metro systems. These include very deep metro stations, and detailed decorations that blend traditional Azerbaijani national designs with Soviet ideology. The metro system has three lines and has 40.3 kilometers of double railway tracks with 27 stations, which, apart from two stations, are underground. It is run by the "Bakı Metropoliteni". In 2015, it carried 222.0 million passengers, which means an average ridership of approximately 608,200 passengers each day.

At present, there are several projects, only two of which are under construction. In 2011, the Chief Executive of the Baku Metro, Taghi Ahmadov, announced plans to construct 70 new stations by 2040. These will serve the new bus complex as well as Heydar Aliyev International Airport.



Dennis Ritchie

Dennis MacAlistair Ritchie (September 9, 1941October 12, 2011), was an American computer scientist who "helped shape the digital era." He created the C programming language and, with long-time colleague Ken Thompson, the UNIX operating system. Ritchie and Thompson received the Turing Award from the ACM in 1983, the Hamming Medal from the IEEE in 1990 and the National Medal of Technology from President Clinton in 1999. Ritchie was the head of Lucent Technologies System Software Research Department when he retired in 2007. He was the 'R' in K&R C.


Mayim Bialik

Mayim Bialik (born December 12, 1975 in San Diego) is an American actress and neuroscientist. Her most notable television series are NBC's "Blossom" and CBS' "The Big Bang Theory". In "Blossom", Bialik played a teenage girl living with her father. In "The Big Bang Theory", she plays Amy Farrah Fowler. Bialik has also acted in a number of movies, including "Beaches" in 1988. many voices of TV shows include, The Powerpuff Girls in Season 9, Recess, Johnny Bravo, Nutri Ventures, Jonny Quest, Star Vs. The Forces of Evil, Lloyd In Space, etc. In 2021, she was a guest host on "Jeopardy!" after the death of Alex Trebek. After Mike Richards resigned as host, Bialik split hosting duties with Ken Jennings for the remainder of the 2021-22 season. Bialik and Jennings were both named permanent Jeopardy! hosts in 2022.

Bialik is Jewish. She married Michael Stone on August 31, 2003. The couple have two sons, and divorced in May 2013.

Bialik obtained a PhD in neuroscience from UCLA.

Blossom (TV series)

Blossom was an American television situation comedy that aired on NBC from January 1991 to May 1995. The main stars were Mayim Bialik and Joey Lawrence. Bialik played Blossom Russo, a teenage girl living with her father and two brothers after her mother left to pursue her own career.

Mia Farrow

Mia Farrow (born Maria de Lourdes Villiers Farrow; February 9, 1945) is an American singer, actress and humanitarian worker. She has won many awards, including a Golden Globe. She has been in almost 50 movies. Farrow is also known for her extensive humanitarian work. "Time" magazine named Farrow one of the most influential people in the world. She gained further recognition for her subsequent short-lived marriage to Frank Sinatra. She later married André Previn after she became pregnant with his child. She has dated Woody Allen.

Farrow's first main role in a movie was as Rosemary Woodhouse in "Rosemary's Baby" and starred in the television series "Peyton Place". It was released in 1968. She won several awards for it. She became the first American actress to join the Royal Shakespeare Company. In the 1980s and early 1990s Farrow acted in nearly all of the movies released by her boyfriend Woody Allen. She last acted in the 2011 movie "Dark Horse".

Farrow married singer Frank Sinatra on July 19, 1966. He divorced Farrow in 1969. 

In 1980 Farrow started dating Woody Allen. In 1992 Farrow found naked pictures of her adopted daughter Soon-Yi Previn in Allen's house. Farrow and Allen broke up after this.

She has thirteen living children and nine grandchildren. Two of her daughters have died. Farrow has seven adopted children.

In 2014, Dylan Farrow wrote an open letter in the "New York Times", saying that her adoptive father Woody Allen had sexually abused her when she was a child. Allen wrote a response in which he quoted Moses Farrow, “My mother drummed it into me to hate my father for tearing apart the family and sexually molesting my sister."

So What (Pink song)

"So What" is a 2008 song performed by American pop rock singer Pink. The single was the first off her fifth album "Funhouse" and became her first solo #1 hit in the United States.

Cheetos

Cheetos are an extremely popular snack food consisted of cheese curls made through Frito-Lay. The product has been sold using different mascots.

Frito-Lay

Frito-Lay North America is an American company connected under PepsiCo, Inc. The company creates potato chips, corn chips and other snack foods. It was founded around 1965. Its headquarters is in Plano, TX.

Abbas II

Abbas II (14 July 1874 – 19 December 1944) was the last Khedive of Egypt and Sudan (1892-1914). He was largely a puppet of the United Kingdom. The British removed him from power because of his support for the Sultan of Turkey in the outbreak of World War I in 1914. Turkey was an ally of Germany fighting Great Britain.

Belgian Congo

Belgian Congo was a Belgian colony in central Africa. It was formed in 1908. The government of Belgium took over the previously separate kingdom of Belgium's monarch Léopold II; the Congo Free State. Today it is called the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It existed between Léopold II's formal transfer of his personal control to Belgium on 15 November 1908, and Congolese independence on 30 June 1960.


Roger Casement

Sir Roger Casement (1 September 1864 – 3 August 1916) was an Irish nationalist and British diplomat. He served as British consul in Boma, the capital of the Congo Free State and reported human rights abuses there. He helped a campaign against King Léopold II of Belgium's rule in the Congo Free State which lead him to relinquish his African kingdom to the Belgian Parliament in 1908. He was an Irish revolutionary. After participating in the 1916 rising, he was executed for treason by hanging by the British.

His role in the rising was in the importation of guns, he was arrested in Tralee, County Kerry. 

At his trial he was outed as gay, this was discovered through his diary.

Brenda Blethyn

Brenda Blethyn (born 20 February 1946) is a British actress. She has starred in movies, television and theatre. She has been nominated for Academy Awards, Golden Globe Awards and Emmy Awards. She has won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award. Notable movies she has starred in include "Secrets & Lies" (1996).

Saving Grace (movie)

Saving Grace is a 2000 British comedy movie set in Cornwall. Brenda Blethyn stars in the movie. It premiered at Sundance Film Festival. Critical reaction to this movie was positive. The movie received favorable notice for an independent British comedy; it was nominated for awards.

Lukas Katnik

Lukas Katnik (born 31 July 1989) is an Austrian footballer. He plays for FC Pasching in Austrias Regionalliga Mitte as striker.

He started playing football in the local clubs FC Mäder and FC Köblach in the Austrian province of Vorarlberg. 2006 he went to FC Lustenau where he made his professional debut in 2007. In 2010, he went to FC Dornbirn where he scored 10 goals in the first part of the season. In January 2011, he went on to Red Bull Juniors but went at once to USK Anif on loan. In 2011/2012 he came back to the Juniors and is mostly part of the starting team in the Regionalliga West, which is the 3rd division in Austrian football.

After a cooperation with FC Pasching Katnik, he was transferred to this club on loan.


Pope Benedict IX

Pope Benedict IX (; c. 1012–1056), born Teofilatto or Theophylactus of Tusculum, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 145th Pope from 1032 to 1045. He is listed as the 147th Pope in 1045. Also, he was the 150th Pope in 1047-1048.

Teofilatto was born in Rome c. 1012. He was the son of Alberic III of the noble Tusculum family.

He was the nephew of both Pope Benedict VIII and Pope John XIX.

John XIX raised Teofilatto to the rank of a cardinal; but the date is unknown.

In 1032, Alberic III used his money and influence to make his son the pope. This was called simony. Pope Benedict chose his name in honor of his uncle, Benedict VIII.

Benedict is usually recognized as having had three terms or reigns as pope

Benedict's first period as pope lasted from 1032 to 1044 when a revolt in Rome forced Benedict out of the city; and an antipope was elected with the name of Sylvester III.

Benedict's second period as pope lasted from his return six months later to 1045 when he sold his title to John Gratianus, who was then made pope with the name of Gregory VI. Benedict abdicated or resigned.

In 1046, there were three men with the title of pope. The problem was solved by electing a new pope with the name of Pope Clement II, who died a short time later.

When the death of Clement II in 1047, Benedict IX tried to claim the papacy again, but was driven out of Rome by German troops. The timely election of Pope Damasus II became unimportant when he died 23 days later.

After 1048, Benedict's importance faded; and Pope Leo IX was elected in 1049.

Benedict IX was buried in the Abbey of Grottaferrata c. 1056.



Shooting

Shooting is when a rifle, shotgun or other weapons which fire a projectile, such as bows or crossbows, are fired. Even the firing of artillery, rockets and missiles can be called shooting. A person who is very good at shooting is a marksman. Shooting can take place in a shooting range or in the field in hunting, in shooting sports or in combat. Shooting is also an Olympic sport.

Shooting is used for hunting birds such as grouse or pheasant, rabbits etc. Sometimes "shooting" just means "hunting".

Shooting is also used in warfare, self-defense, crime, and law enforcement. When someone shoots random innocent people it is sometimes caused by misanthropy (hate for humans).

In several countries, rifle clubs have been made since the 19th century. Soon, international shooting events were started, including shooting at the Summer Olympics (from 1896) and World Championships (from 1897). The International Shooting Sport Federation is in charge of Olympic and non-Olympic rifle, pistol and shotgun competitions. However, there are also many national and international shooting sports which other organisations are in charge of.

In most countries, people who want to shoot firearms need a license. Firearms can usually only be bought from registered shops.


Tom McNeeley

Thomas William McNeeley, Jr. (February 27, 1937 – October 25, 2011) was a professional boxer. He was son of Tom McNeeley, Sr., who was also a professional boxer. McNeeley attended Michigan State University where he played football.

His first professional fight was on July 17, 1958. He fought 25 times without losing. On December 4, 1961, McNeeley fought Floyd Patterson for the World Heavyweight Championship. Patterson retained his title. McNeeley retired after a June 14, 1966 fight. He later served on the Massachusetts Boxing Commission for eight years. He was also a U.S. Marshall. Later, he worked in the athletic department of the Massachusetts prison system and as a counselor for state employees.

McNeeley's son, Peter McNeeley was also a professional boxer. Peter fought Mike Tyson.

The Waitresses

The Waitresses were an American experimental new wave music group. They were from Akron, Ohio. The group formed in the early 1980s. Their song "I Know What Boys Like" was released in 1980 but did not chart until 1982. They also represented the theme song for the television series "Square Pegs" in 1982-1983. The group broke up in 1984. Their lead singer died due to lung cancer in 1996.

Pope John

Pope John may mean:


"See also:"

Deck the Halls

"Deck the Halls" is a Christmas and New Year's themed song. The "fa-la-la" refrains were played earlier on harps. The tunes of this song are that of old Welsh air. Various singers have covered the song, including James Taylor and Nat King Cole.

Silver Bells

"Silver Bells" is a classic Christmas song. The lyrics represent Christmas in the city rather than rural. It was first performed via Bob Hope. The first recorded version was done by Bing Crosby and released in October 1950. Other musicians, including though not limited to The Supremes, Johnny Mathis and Andy Williams have done their versions of this Christmas carol.

Andy Williams

Andy Williams (December 3, 1927 - September 25, 2012) was an American singer. He had many gold and several platinum albums and songs, including 8 Christmas albums.

Williams was born in Wall Lake, Iowa. Some sources say he was born in 1927, others say 1928. Williams was married to Claudine Longet from 1961 until they divorced in 1975. He was later married to Debbie Meyer from 1991 until his death in 2012. Williams had 3 children. In November 2011, Williams was diagnosed with bladder cancer. Williams died on September 25, 2012 in Branson, Missouri from the cancer, aged 84.

In "The Simpsons" episode "Moonshine River", was dedicated to his memory.

Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!

"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" (also known as "Let It Snow!") is a holiday oriented song that is played during the Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years holidays' season, although it does not mention any holiday within the lyrics. It was originally written by Sammy Cahn. It has been covered by many singers, including though not limited to Ella Fitzgerald, Dean Martin and Anne Murray throughout the decades.

Kung Fu (1972 TV series)

Kung Fu was an American television series created by Ed Spielman, and starring David Carradine as Kwai Chang Caine. The show was nominated for 2 Golden Globes.

"Kung Fu" follows the adventures of a Shaolin monk named Kwai Chang Caine travelling through the Old West of the United States as the only weapon, using his skills in martial arts and inner strength of his philosophy of life. Its purpose was to find his half-brother, Danny Caine, and start a new family, as Kwai Chang had fled China after the authorities put a price on his head.

63 episodes of the series were filmed between 1972-1975, including the 90-minute TV pilot.


Stoichiometry

Stoichiometry is a branch of science that studies and measures the amount of matter in chemical reactions. It can be used to predict the amount of things that will be made in a chemical reaction. It uses the law of conservation of mass, the law of definite composition and the law of multiple proportions in balancing chemical equations.

Occupy London

Occupy London (also known as Occupy London Stock Exchange) was a peaceful protest and demonstration. The aims of the protest was to demand dialogue and to draw attention to several different issues such as the widening gap between rich and poor people in the UK as well as the great influence that companies and business groups have on decisions made by the UK government. 

The protest was mostly found in a group of tents in the grounds of St Paul's Cathedral in London, United Kingdom. The Cathedral is just in front of the London Stock Exchange. The protest started on 15 October 2011 with the Occupy Wall Street protests in New York, United States. On 22 October 2011 another protest was set up in Finsbury Square which is about 1 km away. By June 2012 all the tents had gone. 

The protesters are not part of a political party and they do not have a leader. They said they were protesting against an "unjust and undemocratic" system. They called for "real global democracy". 


Gustav Kirchhoff

Gustav Robert Kirchhoff (12 March 1824 – 17 October 1887) was a German physicist who contributed to the fundamental understanding of electrical circuits, spectroscopy, and radiation by heated objects. He coined the term black body radiation in 1862. 

He proposed two sets of independent concepts in both circuit theory and thermal emission. They are all called 'Kirchhoff's laws' after him, as well as a law of thermochemistry. The Bunsen–Kirchhoff Award for spectroscopy is named after him and his colleague, Robert Bunsen. He also discovered rubidium with Bunsen in 1861.

Carol of the Bells

"Carol of the Bells" is a very popular song. It was composed by Mykola Leontovych, a Ukrainian composer. It is played during the Christmas season of every year. It has been featured in many movies, in parodies and in television programs. It has also been performed by many musicians, such as Johnny Mathis, The Carpenters, Destiny's Child and Jessica Simpson.

Valentín Paz-Andrade

Valentín Paz-Andrade (b. Pontevedra, 23 April 1898-d. Vigo, 19 May 1987) was a Galician lawyer, writer, politician, journalist, poet, businesspeople and economist.

Galician Literature Day is dedicated to him in 2012.




Pope Innocent

Pope Innocent may mean:


Reactivity (chemistry)

Reactivity is a measure of how much a substance tends to react with other things. Some substances are more reactive, and others are less reactive. Reactivity is set by several factors:

Reactivity involves both the thermodynamics and kinetics of the particular chemical reaction. A reaction will be more reactive if the total energy of the products is less than the total energy of the reactants. A reaction will be more reactive if the energy of its transition is low.

Lithium reacts with water and air. Gold does not react with water or air. Gold is unreactive, thus low on the reactivity series. Lithium is reactive. There are several ways to measure reactivity. Some substances are reducing agents, and others can be oxidizing agents. Some absorb water easily. Some break down easily.

All I Want for Christmas Is You

"All I Want for Christmas Is You" is a widely popular Christmas song by American R&B singer Mariah Carey for her fourth studio album, "Merry Christmas". It was first released in November 1994. The lyrics of the song declare that the protagonist doesn't care about the Christmas presents or lights and that all she is wanting is to be united alongside her lover for the Christmas holidays. The song has been remixed and covered by other musicians, such as The Cheetah Girls, Shania Twain, Miley Cyrus and John Mayer since it was introduced. Carey wrote and produced the song with her longtime collaborator Walter Afanasieff.

The song's length is four minutes and one second. On December 18, 2017, "Billboard" announced that the song had reached the top ten on the Hot 100 for the first time in the 23 years that the song was released. In 2018, it reached number three on the Hot 100 and was at the top of the Canadian Hot 100 and Australian Singles Chart.

On December 16, 2019, "Billboard" announced that, after 25 years of release, the song had reached number one on the Hot 100, marking Carey's 19th chart-topper, extending her record as the soloist with the most US number-ones in history.

After peaking at number two, the song was at the top of the UK Singles Chart on December 11, 2020.

On December 3, 2021, the RIAA certified the song Diamond in the US for sales and streams of 10 million copies there.

In December 2016, British talk show host James Corden recorded a version of the song as part of his Carpool Karaoke segment on CBS's "The Late Late Show". The video features British musicians Adele, Elton John, and Chris Martin, along with American entertainers Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez, Nick Jonas, Demi Lovato, Gwen Stefani, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Carey herself, singing lines from the song. As of January 2021, this version has over 49 million views on YouTube.

Gandhi (disambiguation)

Mahatma Gandhi was the leader of the Indian independence movement. He was also known as Mohandas Karam Chandra Gandhi.
Gandhi or Ghandhi may also refer to:


AKUT Search and Rescue Association

AKUT Search and Rescue Association "(Turkish: AKUT Arama Kurtarma Derneği)" is a non-governmental and volunteer organization in Turkey, which was established in 1996 by a group of mountaineers. The association has established 27 teams in different regions of Turkey and has participated in more than 1000 search and rescue operations in and out of Turkey. It's also a member of the International Rescue Dogs Organization and United Nations' International Search and Rescue Advisory Group (INSARAG). 

In 2011 the association participated in INSARAG's classification event and since then it's a "medium search and rescue group".


The Twelve Days of Christmas (song)

The Twelve Days of Christmas is an English Christmas carol which was published around 1780 but may predate the publication by centuries. It is a cumulative carol. It depicts a succession of gifts given (a variety of birds and five golden rings) and people and activities having to do with a Twelve Days of Christmas feast holiday (from Christmas Day to Epiphany), possibly in a royal court. (There have been claims on social media that) it was written by Catholics in hiding during the days of Queen Elizabeth I of England's persecution. (The claim is that) it was invented (evidence needed of origin) to help teach children articles of the Catholic faith without drawing attention from government officials, using imagery as a tool to help the children remember. (However the articles of faith listed existed in both the Catholic faith and Church of England and this claim appears to be debunked.) The song represents increasingly grand gifts given during each of The Twelve Days of Christmas. In the claim the following meanings were attached: The partridge in a pear tree symbolizes Christ on the Cross. The two turtledoves represent his Human and divine nature, the two books of the Old and New Testament, and the two tablets the Ten Commandments were carved on. The three French hens symbolize the Trinity of the Catholic faith: God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, as well as the three Cardinal virtues of Faith, Hope and Charity. The four calling birds were the four Evangelists who wrote the gospels, etc.
This Christmas song has been subject to parody numerous times and has been covered by multiple musicians, including though not limited to Connie Francis, Natalie Cole, and the Muppets over many years.

Orthacanthus

Orthacanthus was an ancient, fresh-water shark that had a long spine growing from the back of its skull. It had a very long dorsal fin, which ran all along the sharks back, giving it an eel-like appearance. 

"Orthacanthus" was the terror of freshwater swamps and bayous in Europe and North America. Its body reached nearly 10 feet (3 meters) in length and its powerful jaws were lined with double-fanged teeth.
"Orthacanthus" lived from roughly 280 million years ago, from the Pennsylvanian period through the Permian period. They were around before the dinosaurs evolved.

Rod Piazza

Rod Piazza (born December 18, 1947, Riverside, California) is a blues harmonica player and singer from the United States. His sound combines the styles of jump blues, West Coast blues and Chicago blues.

He started playing at the age of seven. His first instrument was a guitar. He played blues because his much older brothers bought records of this style. In 1963 he started playing the harp.

Around 1965 he formed his first band (The Mystics) where he should play the guitar but it came out that someone else played this instrument much better. So he became harp player and singer of the band. They had their first gigs at parties. Later they went to Los Angeles and played in little clubs. At that time they signed a contract with ABC Bluesway and renamed the band. They were now called „The Dirty Blues Band". Because some of the members had to go to Vietnam the band broke up. He formed a new band called Bacon Fat. In this band his mentor George "Harmonica" Smith played the second harp and so they had a "dual harp" sound.

After leaving Bacon Fat he played solo. Later he formed the Chicago Flying Saucer Band which was renamed "The Mighty Flyers". This is the band which is till today backing up Piazza. On of the founding members of the Mighty Flyers was the pianist Debra „Honey“ Solum, who later became Piazzas wife.

Tim Cook

Timothy Donald "Tim" Cook (born November 1, 1960) is the chief executive officer of Apple Inc.. He joined the company in March 1998. On August 24, 2011, he was made the CEO of Apple after the resignation of Steve Jobs, who died on October 5, 2011 from pancreatic cancer.

Cook grew up in Robertsdale, Alabama, near Mobile. His father was a shipyard worker, and his mother was a homemaker. Cook finished high school at Robertsdale High School, earned a B.S. degree in industrial engineering from Auburn University in 1982, and his M.B.A. from Duke University's Fuqua School of Business in 1988.

Cook spent six months at Compaq as the Vice President for Corporate Materials before he was hired by Steve Jobs to join Apple. At first, he was the Senior Vice President for Worldwide Operations. Before that, Cook was the chief operating officer (COO) of the computer reseller division of Intelligent Electronics and spent 12 years in IBM's personal computer business as the director of North American Fulfillment.

Cook is praised for pulling Apple out of working by closing factories and warehouses around the world. This helped the company get lower inventory levels and make its supply chain easy, making margins a lot bigger. In January 2007, Cook was promoted to COO.

Cook served as Apple CEO for two months in 2004, when Jobs was healing from pancreatic cancer surgery. In 2009, Cook was made Apple CEO again for several months while Jobs had to leave for a liver transplant.

In January 2011, Apple's Board of Directors allowed Jobs to leave again for medical reasons. During that time, Cook was responsible for most of Apple’s day-to-day operations while Jobs made most big decisions. After Jobs retired, Cook was made permanent CEO of Apple on August 25, 2011.

Cook is also on the board of directors of Nike.


Azerbaijan Railways

"Azerbaijan Railways" Closed Joint-Stock Company () is the national state-owned rail transport company in the Republic of Azerbaijan. The total length of the rail network is , with a rail gauge which is electrified at 3 kV (3,000 V) DC. The headquarters of the Azerbaijan Railways is in the capital Baku.

The Azerbaijan Railways was made from the Soviet Railways. The Soviet Railways itself came after the Russian Imperial Railways.

After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, its railway system broke up into national railway systems of many countries which used to be in the Soviet Union. The Republic of Azerbaijan became independent the same year and the Azerbaijan Railways was made.

The first railway line in Azerbaijan was laid in 1878 and was opened in 1880 in the suburbs outside Baku.

There are kilometers of railway tracks out of which 72% or kilometers are single railway tracks and 28% or kilometers are double railway tracks which are laid next to each other.

Of the total length of the railway routes 43% or are electrified.

About 38% of the length of the railway routes or has full automatic railway signaling systems and 16% or are supported by the communications and repair employees who are responsible for getting and giving the right and trustworthy messages to the train drivers and railway stations on time, and following and repairing the trains and railway equipment.

The railway has 176 railway stations, 2 of which Biləcəri (in Baku) and Şirvan are completely automatic, 12 stations have extra places in railway storage areas for cargo containers with adapted mechanisms and machines, 3 stations – Keşlə (in Baku), Gəncə and Xırdalan are able to supply many cargo containers.

Of the total length of the railway routes 72% or are for public transport and does not include railway routes for freight rail transport.

A lot of the railway track and trains have to be repaired or replaced. However, with the Kars–Tbilisi–Baku railway, a regional rail link project that directly connects Turkey, Georgia and Azerbaijan, which was completed and opened in 2017, the railway lines are getting more modern in Azerbaijan with the newest technology and new and fast trains. These will replace the old trains which are still being used. The freight market share of the railways are also expected to rise quickly with the completion of the Kars–Tbilisi–Baku railway in 2017.

The total length of the Azerbaijan Railways ranks 57th in length among the countries in the world.



Persian language in the Indian subcontinent

Before the British found India, Persian language was the country's second official language. It was also thought of as the cultural and scientific language. However, after the British found India in 1832, they replaced it with English. 

There are many stone carved or plastered Persian inscript in India and thousands of hand written books.


Santa Baby

"Santa Baby" is a holiday themed song about a person who wants extravagant things for the Christmas season. It was first recorded in 1953 by Eartha Kitt, and many other musicians, including though not limited to Pussycat Dolls, Kylie Minogue, Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Madonna have covered this melody throughout the decades.

"Santa Baby" was originally recorded by Eartha Kitt with Henry René and his orchestra in New York City in July 1953. The song was a huge hit for Kitt, and she later said that it was one of her favorite songs to record.

"Santa Baby" is a song recorded by American recording artist Ariana Grande, featuring a guest appearance from American actress Liz Gillies. The song was released by Republic Records on December 10, 2013, as the fourth single from Grande's EP "Christmas Kisses".


Blue Christmas

"Blue Christmas" is a melancholy holiday themed song first recorded under Doye O'Dell around 1948 and made popular via Ernest Tubb in 1949. The song was featured in several Christmas specials and recorded by numerous other musicians, most notably Celine Dion, Elvis Presley, Kenny Rogers and countless others.

Pre-Raphaelite brotherhood

The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood (also known as the Pre-Raphaelites) was a group of English painters, poets, and critics, founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti. The three founders were soon joined by William Michael Rossetti, James Collinson, Frederic George Stephens and Thomas Woolner to form a seven-member "brotherhood". After they had broken up, John William Waterhouse painted in their style. Their influence shrank as the impressionists and post-impressionists became more important.

The group's intention was to reform art by rejecting what they considered to be the 'mechanistic approach'. This was first adopted by the Mannerist artists who succeeded Raphael and Michelangelo. The Brotherhood believed that the Classical poses and elegant compositions of Raphael in particular had been a corrupting influence on the academic teaching of art. So, they are called Pre-Raphaelites. 

In particular, they objected to the influence of Sir Joshua Reynolds, the founder of the English Royal Academy of Arts, whom they called "Sir Sloshua". To the Pre-Raphaelites, according to William Michael Rossetti, "sloshy" meant "anything lax or scamped in the process of painting ... and hence ... any thing or person of a commonplace or conventional kind". In contrast, they wanted to return to the abundant detail, intense colours, and complex compositions of Quattrocento Italian and Flemish art.

The Pre-Raphaelites continued to accept the idea of history painting, and the imitation of nature, as central to the purpose of art. Despite this, they were a reform movement: they created a distinct name for their form of art, and published a periodical, "The Germ", to promote their ideas. Their debates were recorded in the "Pre-Raphaelite Journal".

The Brotherhood were highly praised by the art critic John Ruskin, and in turn they were influenced by his ideas. Rossetti's wife Elizabeth Siddal was their favourite model, and she developed into an excellent artist herself.

Pretty Vacant

"Pretty Vacant" is a song by the English punk rock band The Sex Pistols. It was released in 1977, as the third single from their album "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols".

The song is infamous for vocalist John Lydon's phrasing of the word "vacant", emphasizing the last syllable making it sound like the vulgar word "cunt".

The B-side is a cover of The Stooges' "No Fun" which they played on the spot without a proper rehearsal.

Piccadilly

Piccadilly is a major street in central London, running from Hyde Park Corner in the west to Piccadilly Circus in the east. It is completely within the City of Westminster. St. James's lies to the south of the eastern section of the street, while the western section overlooks Green Park. The area to the north is Mayfair.

It is the location of Fortnum & Mason, the Royal Academy, The Ritz Hotel, the RAF Club and Hatchards book shop. Simpsons, once amongst the United Kingdom's leading clothing stores, opened on Piccadilly in the 1930s. The store closed in 1999 and the site is now the flagship shop of the booksellers Waterstone's.

The name Piccadilly may come from a tailor named Robert Baker, in the late 16th century and early 17th century. He amassed a large fortune by making and selling "piccadills" – stiff collars with scalloped edges and a lace border, which were then in fashion. With his great fortune he bought a large tract of what was then open country to the west of London.

After the Restoration of the English monarchy in 1660, Piccadilly and the area to the north (Mayfair) began to be systematically developed as a fashionable residential locality. Some of the grandest mansions in London were built on the northern side of Piccadilly: Clarendon House, Berkeley House (later Devonshire House), and Sir John Denham's house (later Burlington House) were built in the 17th century. Later mansions included Melbourne House (now The Albany), Apsley House, Bath House and Cambridge House. Several members of the Rothschild family had mansions at the western end of the street, and that part was colloquially referred to as Rothschild Row. 

By the 1920s most of these buildings had been demolished or were in institutional use. The enlargement of Park Lane and the formation of Hyde Park Corner as a major traffic gyratory system has cut off the western stretch of Piccadilly, with the result that Apsley House has become detached from it.

21st century Piccadilly is not one of London's principal shopping streets, despite the presence of several famous shops. The Ritz Hotel is in the street, along with some other luxury hotels. There are also some offices and some very expensive flats. Piccadilly is one of the widest and straightest streets in central London.

List of European countries

This is a list of all European countries:

! Name of country orterritory, with flag
! Area(km²)
! Population(As of 2011)
! Population density(per km²)
! Capital

Last Christmas

"Last Christmas" is a holiday song by the pop duo Wham!. It is about betrayal of the protagonist by a person he thought was there to stay. The song was released in 1984. Other singers have covered it since then, including Ashley Tisdale.

Lock picking

Lock picking is the art of opening a lock without the key and without damaging or destroying the lock or its door. It is usually used by locksmiths to let people back in who have lost their keys or locked them inside a car or house. Lock picking is very rarely used by criminals, because picking a lock is difficult and other ways of entering such as breaking a window are much easier. Some people pick their own locks as a hobby. In most places picking locks that you own is legal, but it is illegal to pick locks that you do not own or do not have permission to pick.

History of keys and locks goes back for about 4,000 years. Ancient people also wanted to protect their possessions and keep them in places where other people cannot get access to them. The first locks and keys were made of wood and other easily accessible materials and they provided the small safeguard against theft or break-in. However, such locks at least let the owners know if someone tried to tamper with the lock. 

The earliest known key and lock was discovered in the Nineveh ruins, which was the capital of ancient Assyria. They were dated to 704 BC. The first models of wooden locks and keys originate from Ancient Babylon and Egypt. These simple devices had small pins, controlling the movement of the security bolt. In order to unlock the bolt, it was necessary to lift the pins, by using bulky wooden keys. 

Roman age introduced many improvements of the Egyptian wooden locks. Ancient Romans created stronger and smaller locks than Egyptians, by using bronze and iron. The keys of locks from Roman era were small and light enough to be carried everywhere. Such small keys were often viewed as one of the effective ways of showing your wealth to other people. Rich Romans often kept their valuable things in secure boxes and wore the keys as finger rings. 

The warded lock also comes from antiquity and is still the most recognizable lock and key type. Nowadays, there is a wide range of different locks, keys and other security systems available on the market. Among them are also keyless entry systems, that allow people to operate their locks without using the keys.

Warded locks are the simplest locks to pick and are picked by inserting a warded lock pick (also called a skeleton key) into the keyhole and turning it as if it were the key. A pick for warded locks can be made by filing down all of the teeth on a regular key except the last one, or for some locks, the last two.
Pin-tumbler and wafer-tumbler locks normally open when the correct key pushes all of the pins or wafers to the shear line. An incorrect key will push the pins or wafers too little or too far. These locks are more difficult to pick than warded locks and are picked by putting tension on the keyhole and pushing the pins or wafers up individually until they reach the shear line. When all of the pins have reached the shear line, the lock will turn as if the key were inserted. Other methods of raising the pins or wafers involve moving an S-shaped pick called a rake through the keyhole to vibrate the pins or wafers to the shear line, or using the pick gun, which bounces the pins to the shear line. It is also possible to pick a pin-tumbler lock with a bump key, which, when struck with a hammer, will bump the pins to the shear line. The force on the hammer should be slightly less than that used for driving a nail, because too much force will break off the head of the key, leaving the rest of the key stuck in the lock. Many newer locks have special pins that make picking more difficult. The special pins are usually spool-shaped and work by wedging into the shear line when pushed up by the pick.

Most padlocks can be opened by inserting a thin piece of metal called a shim between the shackle and the body of the lock. This will need to be done on both sides if there are locking levers on both sides. The shim pushes the locking latch aside and allows the lock to open. High-security padlocks often use a ball-bearing latch, which can not be pushed aside with a shim. Some door locks can be shimmed with a credit card or similar thin plastic object. The card is placed between the door and doorframe, which pushes the latch aside. Combination locks can not be picked, but it is often possible to find the combination by feeling for certain clicks inside the lock, except on certain high-security safe locks. Some combination locks have small cracks through which the parts inside the lock can be seen, allowing the combination to be determined. The Master Lock #175 brass combination lock has a very unique flaw allowing a small piece of metal to be inserted into the bottom of the lock, which pushes the locking bar aside, opening the lock. A special pick exists for disc-detainer locks, but it is only effective on inexpensive locks that do not have false gates. A well-made disc-detainer lock with false gates is considered almost impossible to pick. Lever locks are considered difficult, although possible, to pick and also require a special pick. Tubular locks can be picked with a special tubular pick. Some poorly-made tubular locks can be picked with an ordinary writing pen. Most car locks can be defeated by inserting a metal or plastic rod with a small hook on the end into the area between the rubber seal on the window and the car body, and using the hook to pull the lock lever that is normally pulled by hand from the inside of the car. On most cars, it is possible to electrically connect the switch contacts on the ignition lock to start the car without a key, completely bypassing the mechanical lock. This is called hotwiring the car. Most cars use a wafer-tumbler based lock, so it is also possible to pick the door or ignition locks the traditional way. Some cars, such as many Honda and BMW models, have electronic protection against both hotwiring and traditional picking.


List of Asian countries by population

This is a list of all Asian countries by population

Romeo (Shakespeare)

Romeo is the son of Lord and Lady Montague in William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. He is one of the two protagonists of the story.

Romeo falls in love with Juliet Capulet, and secretly marries her. Juliet fakes her death to rid herself of a parental marriage arrangement with Count Paris. Romeo is not aware of the fake death. He believes Juliet is truly dead and kills himself.

Leonardo DiCaprio, Leonard Whiting, Leslie Howard and Douglas Booth have played Romeo in movie adaptations of the play. Romeo is also a character in opera and ballet adaptions of the play.


Pope Benedict V

Pope Benedict V (;   -died July 4, 965), was an Italian deacon of the Roman Catholic Church and the 133rd Pope for five weeks in 964.

Benedict was known as Grammaticus because of his learning.

After the death of Pope John XII, Cardinal Benedetto was elected pope by the Romans in 964; but the Holy Roman Emperor, Otto I, did not approve. Otto deposed Benedict who was then exiled. 

Otto forced Benedict to travel to Germany where he was placed under the care of Adaldag, Archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen. 

Benedict was buried in the cathedral in Hamburg. Later, his remains were transferred to Rome.

Although his status was questioned during his lifetime, Benedict V is considered to part of the traditional list of popes.



List of African countries by population

This is a list of all African countries by population:

Heidi Fleiss

Heidi Lynne Fleiss (born December 30, 1965 in Los Angeles) is an American television personality and columnist, regularly featured in American media. She is often called "Hollywood Madam" (formerly she was a madam and for a short time a prostitute) and is a periodic guest on Fox News programs. Her father was Paul M. Fleiss. She is of Jewish descent.

Fleiss had been convicted of tax evasion and spent some time in prison. She was in a domestic partnership with Dennis Hof until his death in October 2018.

1906 San Francisco earthquake

The 1906 San Francisco earthquake was the biggest earthquake that has ever hit San Francisco on April 18, 1906. It was felt from Los Angeles to Oregon and Nevada. The earthquake was about a 7.8 on the Richter scale. Around 3,000 people were killed and between 227,000 and 300,000 people were left homeless. There were also fires because gas pipes were destroyed, and the gas caught on fire. Over 80% of the city was destroyed by the earthquake and fires that came later. The city is on the San Andreas Fault, which slid, causing the earthquake. Many people looted so then the Army had to come in to keep the peace, but there were reports of the army looting as well.


Wonderful Christmastime

"Wonderful Christmastime" is a Christmas song which was first recorded by Paul McCartney and released in 1979. The single did not chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It reached #6 on United Kingdom music charts. This single is played during the Christmas season worldwide. Other singers, including Kelly Rowland of Destiny's Child, Hilary Duff and Demi Lovato have covered this song throughout the years.

Doug Ashton

Douglas Joseph Ashton (19 November 1919 — 3 November 2011) was the owner of the world's longest family run circus, and the oldest surviving travelling circus. Ashton's Circus was started by Doug Ashton's great grandfather, Joseph Henry Ashton, in 1847. Doug Ashton was born into the circus and was on the road travelling when only six days old. Ashton, and his wife Phyllis, were both awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in 1996 for their work for charity and the arts. He died in Perth, Western Australia, while travelling with his grandson's circus, Circus Joseph Ashton. Joseph Ashton trained Nicole Kidman to use the flying trapeze for Baz Lurhmann's movie, "Moulin Rouge!".

Saline (medicine)

In medicine, saline refers to any solution of salt in water; that is, salt water. Such solutions are sterile when they are to be placed into the body by infusion or injection. If the solution has more salt in it than is found in the human body, it is called "hypertonic saline". The normal salt level is 0.9% and any salt amount more than 0.9% is called hypertonic.

Bobby Vinton

Bobby Vinton (born April 16, 1935 in Pennsylvania) is an American musician of Polish descent. At first Vinton was not successful. Around 1963, he began making serious hit songs and albums. That continued into the 1970s and beyond.

Pope Leo

Pope Leo may mean:

Rodrigo y Gabriela

Rodrigo y Gabriela (Rodrigo and Gabriela), also known as "El Rodri y La Gabi", are a Mexican musical duo. They play fast, rhythmic music on acoustic guitars. The duo is Rodrigo Sanchez, lead guitar, and Gabriela Quintero, rhythm guitar and percussion. 

They became well known playing in the hotels and bars of Dublin, Ireland. One reviewer said that "...Rodrigo y Gabriela's secret is maybe quite simple. They are resourceful musicians, and are open-hearted, happy entertainers. That, very often, is what people want." Both are vegans and support animal rights. They play a mixture of many influences and styles.

They met in Mexico City while playing in a thrash metal band and later moved to Dublin. Their album, "Rodrigo y Gabriela", entered the Irish Albums Chart at Number One.




The Porterhouse, Dublin (2002)


Andy Rooney

Andrew Aitken "Andy" Rooney (January 14, 1919 – November 4, 2011) was an American radio and television writer. His "A Few Minutes with Andy Rooney" was a part of the CBS News program "60 Minutes" from 1978 to 2011. His final regular appearance on "60 Minutes" aired October 2, 2011. He died one month later, on November 4, 2011, at age 92.

He started as a reporter covering World War II in Europe. Rooney joined CBS in 1949, as a writer for "Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts", when Godfrey was very popular on radio and TV. He also wrote for "The Garry Moore Show".

Rooney was an atheist.


Angels We Have Heard on High

"Angels We Have Heard on High" is a well-known Christmas carol that represents the birth of Jesus found under Gospel of Luke in which shepherds outside Bethlehem find many angels praising children. The song has been covered and performed by many singers over the years.

Pulmonology

Pulmonology is a type of medicine where doctors know about the lungs and the heart. They work on keeping lungs healthy. A doctor working in pulmonology is called a pulmonologist. Pulmonologists also work with respiratory therapists to educate and help make lungs healthy.


O Tannenbaum

"O Tannenbaum", also known as "O Christmas Tree" in alternate name, is a holiday melody of German origin. The best known form of this song was written in 1824. Notable singers who have performed this song are Aretha Franklin, Johnny Mathis and Chicago.

Piccadilly Circus

Piccadilly Circus is a road junction and public space in London's West End in the City of Westminster.

The Circus links Piccadilly with Regent Street, and the theatres on Shaftesbury Avenue, as well as the Haymarket, Coventry Street (onwards to Leicester Square), and Glasshouse Street. 

The Circus is close to major shopping and entertainment areas in the West End. Its status as a major traffic intersection has made Piccadilly Circus a busy meeting place and a tourist attraction in its own right. 

The Circus is particularly known for its video display and neon signs mounted on the corner building on the northern side, as well as the fountain and statue of an archer popularly known as "Eros". Actually the statue is that of "Anteros", who in legend was the brother of Eros. The fountain is a pedestrian area: it and the Circus there is surrounded by several noted buildings, the London Pavilion and the Criterion Theatre. Directly underneath the plaza is Piccadilly Circus tube station, part of the London Underground system.

Dale–Chall formula

The Dale–Chall formula is one of the ways to predict how difficult text is to read. It is a readability test. The Dale–Chall formula is a one-variable test: it measures the difficulty of the words used. It does not measure the difficulty of the sentence structure (the syntax).

One of the first readability tests, the Dale–Chall formula used a vocabulary list. It counted the number of listed words in a passage, and applied a formula which gave a grade level. It was used to rate textbooks for grade levels in US school districts. In 1995 the authors published an updated word list.

It is easy, in principle, to use a vocabulary list as part of a computer-based readability measure. The list is organised as a look-up table. The percentage of listed words in a passage gives the data for the formula, and the user is presented with a grade level.


Photogram

A photogram is a photograph that is made without a camera. Something is placed on top of some photographic paper (or a similar material) and then shining light on it. At the end of this, you get a shadow picture. It usually has different tones. This depends on how transparent the object is.

Park Lane

Park Lane is a major road in the City of Westminster, in Central London.

Park Lane is about three quarters of a mile (1.2 km) in length, and runs north from Hyde Park Corner to Marble Arch, along the length of the eastern flank of Hyde Park. 

Despite the traffic noise, the road is upmarket. It features five-star hotels, such as The Dorchester, Grosvenor House Hotel and InterContinental London Park Lane Hotel, and showrooms for several makes of high-end sports car. The hotels are part of the area known as Mayfair.

Originally a country lane running north-south along what is now the eastern boundary of Hyde Park, it became a fashionable residential address from the eighteenth century onwards. It has views across Hyde Park and a position at the most fashionable western edge of London. It became lined with some of the largest privately owned mansions in London, including the Duke of Westminster's Grosvenor House and the Holford family's Dorchester House (demolished in 1929 and replaced by 1931 with The Dorchester, which are now both hotels, and the Marquess of Londonderry's Londonderry House, which has been demolished. 

On a corner with Oxford Street, Somerset House (No. 40), built in 1769-70, was successively the town house of Warren Hastings, a former Governor-General of India, the third Earl of Rosebery, and the Dukes of Somerset.

In the 1960s the Lane was widened to three lanes each way either side of a central reservation. This required the demolition of a number of houses at Hyde Park Corner. It claimed land previously in Hyde Park to make room for the multi-lane carriageway. The result was to diminish the appeal of Park Lane as a residential address, as it became one of the busiest and noisiest roads in central London. It has little or none of the countryside atmosphere that once made it popular. The widening of the road distanced the houses on the east side of Park Lane from Hyde Park itself, access to which is now by underpass.

Alghero

Alghero (Italian pronunciation: [alˈɡɛro]; , IPA: [ɫəɫˈɣe], locally: [lalˈɣe]; ; ), is a city of about 44,000 citizens in Italy. It lies in the province of Sassari in northwestern Sardinia, next to the sea.

In the 1930s, the Swedish writer Amelie Posse Brazdova wrote a book entitled "Sardinia Side Show", where she told the complete story of 2 years she spent "interned" in Alghero old town during World War I.


Triangulation station

A triangulation station is a fixed surveying station, used in surveying. 

It may also be known as a triangulation pillar, trigonometrical station, trigonometrical point, trig station, trig beacon or trig point, and sometimes informally as a trig,

The names of triangulation stations vary regionally; they are generally known as "trigonometrical stations" in North America, "trig points" in the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia, and "trig beacons" in South Africa; "triangulation pillar" is the more formal term for the concrete columns found in the UK.

Pope Leo XI

Pope Leo XI (; 2 June 1535 – 27 April 1605), born Alessandro Ottaviano de' Medici, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 233rd Pope for only 26 days in April 1605. 

He was born in Florence. His grandmother was a sister of Leo X. 

In 1567, Medici was ordained as a priest.

In 1569, Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, sent Father Medici to be the ambassador of Florence in the court of Pope Pius V. For 15 years in Rome, Father Medici was the representative of the city and the Medici family.

Gregory XIII made him Bishop of Pistoia in 1573. He was named Archbishop of Florence in 1574.

Gregory raised him to the rank of cardinal in 1583.

In 1596, Clement VIII sent Cardinal Medici as ambassador to the court of Henry IV of France. 

On 1 April 1605, Cardinal Medici was elected pope. He chose to be called Leo XI in honor of his uncle Pope Leo X. 

When he was elected, Leo XI was almost seventy years of age, and he died within the month. His death came as a result of fatigue and cold in the ceremony of taking possession of the Basilica of St John Lateran. He was called "Papa Lampo" ("Lightning Pope") because his papacy was so short.



TSG 1899 Hoffenheim

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim is a football club based in Hoffenheim, a suburb of Sinsheim, Baden-Württemberg. They play in the German Bundesliga In the year 2000 they played in the 5th division but in 2008 they promoted to the Bundesliga. It was possible with the financial help of the software mogul Dietmar Hopp, who had played in the club's youth system. The financial help was widely criticized by other clubs, fans and by some in the German press. The most important points were the lack of tradition and the small fan base. Hoffenheim has only 3,300 inhabitants, and Sinsheim, where they play their home games, has only about 35,000 residents.

The club's honours:


 

Recent coaches of the club:

Mimosa pudica

Mimosa pudica is a 
well-known species of "Mimosa". It is a creeping annual or perennial herb often grown for its curiosity value: the compound leaves fold inward and droop when touched or shaken, re-opening minutes later. The species is native to South America and Central America, but is now a widespread weed.

The stem is erect in young plants, but becomes creeping or trailing with age. The leaves of the "Mimosa pudica" are compound leaves.

The leaves are bipinnately compound, with one or two pinnae pairs, and 10-26 leaflets per pinna. The round-shaped flower heads, which are inflorescences, are 8–10 mm in diameter (excluding the stamens). The floret petals are red in their upper part and the filaments are pink to lavender. The fruit consists of clusters of 2-8 pods from 1–2 cm long each. The pods break into 2-5 segments and contain pale brown seeds some 2.5 mm long. The flowers are pollinated by the wind and insects. The seeds have hard seed coats which restrict germination.

"Mimosa pudica" is well known for its rapid plant movement.
Like a number of other plant species, it undergoes changes in leaf orientation termed "sleep". The foliage closes during darkness and reopens in light.

The leaves also close when touched, warmed, blown, or shaken. When the plant is disturbed, specific regions on the stems release potassium ions which force water out of the cell vacuoles. The water diffuses out of the cells, producing a loss of cell pressure and cell collapse; this differential turgidity between different regions of cells results in the closing of the leaflets and the collapse of the leaf petiole. This is quite a common trait in the Mimosoideae subfamily of the legume family, Fabaceae. The stimulus can also be transmitted to neighbouring leaves. The function of this trait is not known. The plant may use its ability as a defense from predators. Animals may be afraid of a fast moving plant and would rather eat a less active one. Another possible explanation is that the sudden movement dislodges harmful insects.

[change]

Pope Leo XII

Pope Leo XII (; 22 August 1760 – 10 February 1829), born Annibale Francesco Clemente Melchiore Girolamo Nicola Sermattei della Genga, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 253rd Pope from 1823 to 1829.

Della Genga was born in a family of Papal States nobility. 

Della Genga was ordained as a priest in 1783. 

Pope Pius VII made him his private secretary. 

In 1793, he was made Archbishop of Tyre; and he was sent as papal nuncio to Lucerne. 

He was the papal nuncio in Cologne between 1794 and 1805.

After 1805, he retired to the abbey of Monticelli near Florence.

Tn 1816, Pius VII created him cardinal. 
In 1820, Cardinal della Genga became Vicar-General of Rome.

Cardinal della Genga was elected pope 1n September 1823.



Jim Varney

James Albert "Jim" Varney (June 15, 1949 - February 10, 2000) was an American actor and comedian. He was born and raised in Lexington, Kentucky. Varney is best remembered for his role as Ernest P. Worrell in many movies and television programs. He died of lung cancer in White House, Tennessee.

Pope Damasus II

Pope Damasus II (; died August 9, 1048), born Poppo, was a German priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 152nd Pope for only 24 days from July 17 to August 9, 1048. 

He was the third German to become pope.

He was born in Bavaria.

Poppo was Bishop of Brixen in the Tyrol Mountains of Germany..

Bishop Popo became pope on July 17, 1048; and he took the name Damasas II. He died within a month of his election.



Muhammad Ali Pasha

Muhammad Ali Pasha, also known as Muhammad Ali of Egypt and the Sudan (, , ; ; ; 4 March 1769 – 2 August 1849) was a Turkish and Albanian commander in the Ottoman army and governor of the province of Egypt. He became Wāli, and self-declared Khedive of Egypt and Sudan.

Though not a modern nationalist, he was the founder of modern Egypt because of the dramatic reforms he made to the army, economy, and culture of Egypt. He also ruled some Levantine territories outside Egypt. The dynasty he established ruled Egypt and Sudan until the Egyptian Revolution of 1952.

Muhammed Ali was born in the Ottoman Empire, in Kavala, a city in the area which is now the Greek province of Macedonia. His ancestors migrated from a village of İliç in Eastern Turkey. Some historians claim he was an Albanian but it's wrong. He led a group of Albanian troops sent to Egypt. They were part of an Ottoman force that reoccupied Egypt after Napoleon's French troops left. The Ottomans had ruled Egypt by a Wali (Governor) with Mamluk troops. The Mamluks were former slaves.

The French Capitulation of Alexandria left a power vacuum in the Ottoman province. Mamluk power had been weakened, but not destroyed, and Ottoman forces clashed with the Mamluks for power. During this period of anarchy Muhammad Ali used his loyal Albanian troops to play both sides, gaining power and prestige for himself. As the conflict drew on, the local populace grew weary of the power struggle. A group of prominent Egyptians demanded that the then Wāli, Ahmad Khurshid Pasha, step down and Muhammad Ali be installed as the new Wāli in 1805.

The Mamluks were still powerful, so in 1811 he massacred their leaders and sent troops to chase the followers out of Egypt.

Muhammad Ali’s goal was to establish a powerful, European-style state. To do that, he had to reorganize Egyptian society, streamline the economy, train a professional bureaucracy, and build a modern military.

In practice, Muhammad Ali’s land reform amounted to a monopoly on trade in Egypt. He required all producers to sell their goods to the state. The state in turn resold Egyptian goods, and kept the surplus. This was very profitable for Egypt, especially with their cotton, which was of high quality. The new-found profits also extended down to the individual farmers, as the average wage increased fourfold.

Beyond building a more modern economy, Muhammad Ali started to train a professional military and bureaucracy. He sent promising men to Europe to study. Students were sent to study European languages, primarily French, so they could translate military manuals into Arabic. He then used both educated Egyptians and imported European experts to establish schools and hospitals in Egypt. European education also provided talented Egyptians with social mobility. Bright boys from poor families could work their way up, and become successful.

A byproduct of Muhammad Ali’s training program was the establishment of a Civil service. Establishing an efficient central bureaucracy was needed for Muhammad Ali’s other reforms. In the process of destroying the Mamluks, the Wāli had to fill the posts that the Mamluks had previously filled. He divided Egypt into ten provinces, each leader responsible for collecting taxes and maintaining order. Muhammad Ali installed his sons in most key positions; however, his reforms did offer Egyptians opportunities beyond agriculture and industry.

He loved Arabian horse, he built a very big Horsestud in Egypt at Shoubra, and from this Horses, they are descendants until today.

At the start, Muhammad Ali waged war on behalf of the Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, in Arabia and Greece. Later, he came into open conflict with the Ottoman Empire.

His first military campaign was an expedition into the Arabian Peninsula. The holy cities of Mecca, and Medina had been captured by the House of Saud, who held a form of Islam called Wahhabism. Armed with their new religious zeal, the Muhammad ibn Saud began conquering parts of Arabia.

With the main Ottoman army busy in Europe, Mahmud II turned to Muhammad Ali to recapture the Arabian territories. Muhammad Ali in turn appointed his son, Tosun Pasha, to lead a military expedition in 1811. The campaign was turned back in Arabia; however, a second attack was launched in 1812 that recaptured Hejaz. After a two-year campaign, the Saudis were crushed and most of the Saudi family was captured. The family leader, Abdullah ibn Saud, was sent to Istanbul, and executed.

Muhammad Ali next turned his attention to military campaigns of his own design, beginning with the Sudan which he viewed as a valuable addition of territory, gold, and slaves. Sudan at the time had no real central authority and used primitive weaponry in its tribal infighting.

In 1820 Muhammad Ali dispatched an army of 5,000 troops commanded by his third son, Ismail, south into Sudan with the intent of conquering the territory and subjugating it to his authority. Ali's troops made headway into Sudan in 1821, but met with fierce resistance. Ultimately, Egyptian troops and firearms ensured the conquest of Sudan. Ali now had an outpost from which he could expand to the source of the Nile in Ethiopia, and Uganda. His administration captured slaves from the Sudan, who were then made into a foot regiment of soldiers. Ali's harsh reign in Sudan, and that of his immediate successors, led eventually to the popular independence struggle of the self-proclaimed Mahdi, Muhammed Ahmed, in 1881.

As Muhammad Ali was expanding his authority into Africa, the Ottoman Empire faced ethnic rebellions in its European territories. The Greek rebellion against Ottoman rule began in 1821. The Ottoman army failed to put down the revolt, and ethnic violence spread as far as Constantinople. Sultan Mahmud II offered Muhammad Ali the island of Crete in exchange for his support in putting down the revolt.

Muhammed Ali sent 16,000 soldiers, 100 transports, and 63 escort vessels under command of his son, Ibrahim Pasha.. Britain, France, and Russia intervened to protect the Greeks. On 20 October 1827 at the Navarino, the entire Egyptian navy was sunk by the European Allied fleet under the command of Admiral Edward Codrington (1770–1851). Muhammad Ali suffered the loss of his competent, expensive navy. With its fleet destroyed, Egypt had no way to support its forces in Greece and was forced to withdraw. Ultimately the campaign cost Muhammad Ali his navy for no gains.

To compensate for his and Egypt's losses, the conquest of Syria was set in motion. Like other rulers of Egypt before him, Ali desired to control the Levant, both for its strategic value and for its rich natural resources. Not only had Syria abundant natural resources, it also had a thriving international trading community with well-developed markets throughout the Levant. It would be a captive market for the goods now being produced in Egypt. Perhaps best of all, Syria was desirable as a buffer state between Egypt and the Ottoman Sultan.

A new fleet was built, a new army was raised and on 31 October 1831, under Ibrahim Pasha, the Egyptian invasion of Syria started the First Turko-Egyptian War. The Egyptians overran most of Syria with ease. The strongest and only really significant resistance was put up at the port city of Acre. The Egyptian force eventually captured the city after a six-month siege. Unrest on the Egyptian home front increased during the course of the siege. Ali was forced to squeeze Egypt more and more to support his campaign, and his people resented the increased burden.

After the fall of Acre, the Egyptian army marched north into Anatolia. At the Battle of Konya (21 December 1832), Ibrahim Pasha soundly defeated the Ottoman army led by the Grand Vizier Reshid Pasha. There were now no military obstacles between Ibrahim's forces and Constantinople itself.

Through the course of the campaign, Muhammad Ali watched the European powers carefully. Fearing another intervention that would reverse all his gains, he proceeded slowly and cautiously. For example, he continued the practice of using the Sultan’s name at Friday prayers in the newly captured territories. He continued to circulate Ottoman coins instead of issuing new ones bearing his likeness. So long as Muhammad Ali’s march did not threaten the complete collapse of the Ottoman state, the powers in Europe remained passive observers.

Despite this show, Muhammad Ali's goal was now to remove the current Ottoman Sultan Mahmud II and replace him with the sultan's son, the infant Abdülmecid. This possibility so alarmed Mahmud II that he accepted Russia's offer of military aid. This led to the Treaty of Hünkâr İskelesi. Russia's gain dismayed the British and French governments, so they worked for a negotiated solution. In May 1833 the Convention of Kutahya was signed.

The terms of the peace were that Muhammad Ali would withdraw his forces from Anatolia and receive the territories of Crete and the Hejaz as compensation. Ibrahim Pasha would be appointed Wāli of Syria. The peace agreement fell short, however, of granting Muhammad Ali an independent kingdom for himself, leaving him wanting.




Masazumi Soejima

In 2011, he won the wheelchair division of the New York City Marathon. He completed the course in 1 hour 31 minutes 41 seconds (1:31:41). He dedicated his race to the children in Japan, who were affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami and the Fukushima nuclear disaster.

Soejima won the wheelchair division of the Boston Marathon in 2011.

Masazumi has competed in the marathon in both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics, 10000m in 2004, 5000m and 1500m in 2008. 

In the 4x400m relay in 2004, he won a bronze medal.

Bayesian probability

Bayesian probability figures out the likelihood that something will happen based on available evidence. This is different from frequency probability which determines the likelihood something will happen based on how often it occurred in the past.

You might use Bayesian probability if you don't have information on how often the event happened in the past.
As an example, say you want to classify an email as "spam" or "not spam". One thing you know about this email is that it has an emoji in the subject line. Say it's the year 2017, and 80% of the emails you got with emoji in them were spam. So you can look at an email with emoji in the subject and say it's 80% likely to be spam.

But if only 1% of your emails were spam and 80% of the emojis were spam, that's different than if half your emails are spam and 80% of emoji emails were spam.

Then you can use Bayes's Theorem to determine one probability of whether this email is spam: 

p (is_spam | contains_emoji) = [ p(contains_emoji | is_spam) * p(is_spam) ] / p(contains_emoji)

P(xy) = P(xy) * Px / Py

Dani Rodrik

Dani Rodrik (born August 14, 1957 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish economist in the fields of international economics, economic development and political economy.
He is a professor of economics at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, where he teaches economics to university students.

Dani Rodrik was born in Istanbul, Turkey to a Sephardic Jewish (Jews who come from Spain) family. 
He studied at the high schools, Robert College in Istanbul and École Normale Supérieure in Paris and then at the universities, Harvard University and Princeton University in the United States of America learning economics. He graduated from Harvard University and got his Ph.D. and Professorship from Princeton University.

Dani Rodrik is one of the most important Turkish economists and has made several important contributions to economics. He looks at international economics, economic development and political economy, and has published many articles about them. The main questions of his research are: what makes a good economic policy and why some governments are better than others in adopting it.

He does not like globalization, because he feels it only helps rich people get richer by making poor people poorer and that people lose their jobs. He also thinks that international organizations like the World Bank and the IMF have made it harder for poorer countries to get richer, or even do not allow them to get richer. He writes critical articles against globalization.


Tiffani Thiessen

Tiffani Thiessen (born January 23, 1974) is an American sitcom and television actress. She was born in Long Beach, California. She played Valerie Malone in "Beverly Hills, 90210".

Saved by the Bell

Saved by the Bell is an American sitcom. It aired on NBC on Saturday mornings from August 1989 to May 1993. The show performed extremely well, although many TV critics did not like it. The show is set in Los Angeles at a fictional high school.

Pope Benedict VIII

Pope Benedict VIII (;   –died April 9, 1024), born Teofillato or Theophylactus, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 144th Pope from 1012 to 1024.

Teofillato was the son of Gregory, Count of Tusculum. He was the brother of Pope John XIX. He was related to Pope Sergius IV and the Conti family.

Teofillato was a layman before he was elected pope in 1012.

Benedict was supported by King Henry II of Saxony. Benedict crowned Henry Holy Roman Emperor in 1014.



Knights of St. Patrick

The Knights of St. Patrick is a British order of chivalry associated with Ireland. Founded by King George III of Great Britain and Ireland in 1783. Irish-born British General Herbert Kitchener was a Knight of St. Patrick 

George III

King George III (born "George William Frederick", 4 June 1738 29 January 1820) was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 25 October 1760 to 1 January 1801, when he became King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until his death. He was also Elector of Hanover, which made him a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire.

During George's reign, he lost control of the United States of America however the British Empire made major gains in South Asia. His two kingdoms, Great Britain and Ireland, were merged into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Also during his reign, the British were at war with republican and Napoleon I's France. The Electorate of Hanover eventually became a Kingdom.

George suffered from periodic bouts of mental illness. One of them caused a crisis in 1788, and attempts were made to nominate his son George IV as regent. The king quickly recovered and prevented that from happening.

George signed the Quebec Act of 1774, which abolished William III's anti-Catholic laws in the American colonies. Also during his reign, George III signed legislation abolishing some of the anti-Catholic Laws in Great Britain and Ireland. For example, the Catholic Relief Acts of 1772 and 1774 allowed Roman Catholics to have land leases in Great Britain. In 1793, Hogart's Act allowed Roman Catholics to vote in Irish elections, but George blocked a proposal in 1800 to allow Catholics to sit in the British Parliament.

In the later part of his life, George suffered from recurrent mental illness, which was eventually permanent. Although it has since been suggested that he suffered from a genetic blood disease, porphyria, the cause of his illness is not certain. After a final relapse in 1810, a regency was established, and George's eldest son, George, Prince of Wales, ruled as Prince Regent. On George III's death, the Prince Regent succeeded his father as George IV.

Because of "his plain, homely, thrifty manners and tastes", George III has had the nickname of "Farmer George".


The Script

The Script are an Irish pop rock group from Dublin. They formed in 2001. They are currently based out of London. They are signed to the Sony Label Group. Their music has been featured in video games and popular TV programs.

The Script have made four albums:
These have all gone to the top of the Irish charts. They also did really well in the UK charts, with the first two albums reaching number 1 and "#3" reaching the second position. Their 2012 single "Hall of Fame", made with will.i.am, was a worldwide success.


Abercrombie River

The Abercrombie River is a river in New South Wales, Australia. It flows west from Mount Werong to the Wyangala Dam near Cowra. The river is a tributary of the Lachlan, which it joins at Wyangala lake.

The Abercrombie River is in length, and passes through the Abercrombie River National Park. It provides habitat for platypus and rakali. The Goulburn-Oberon Road crosses the Abercrombie River in the steep-sided Abercrombie Gorge.

The first people to live alongside the river were Aborigines of the Wiradjuri and Gundungara tribes. They may have used the river as a trading route. The first European to visit the river was explorer Charles Throsby on 5 May 1819, during an expedition from Sydney to the Central West of New South Wales. Alluvial gold was discovered in and along the river in 1851. This started a small gold rush. It was difficult to find gold because of the rough terrain, and changing water levels in the river. Early miners found up to of gold a day along the river. By 1862 about 45 mining parties were working at Milburne Creek, a minor tributary of the Abercrombie. 
It is the furthest east of the inland flowing rivers.

Pope Benedict XII

Pope Benedict XII (; died April 25, 1342), born Jacques Fournier, was a French priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 198th Pope from 1334 to 1342.

He was the third of the seven popes who lived in Avignon in France.

Jacques Fournier is believed to have been born in Saverdun in the Comté de Foix near Toulouse. 

He became a Cistercian monk; and he studied at the University of Paris. 

In 1311, he was made Abbot of Fontfroide Abbey.

In 1317, Fourier was made bishop of Pamiers. 

In 1327, he became Bishop of Mirepoix in the Ariège.

Pope John XXIII made Fourier a cardinal in 1327. 

Cardinal Fourier was elected pope in 1335; and he chose to be called Benedict XII.

Pope Benedict was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Benedict XII ordered the construction of the Palais des Papes in Avignon.



La Toya Jackson

La Toya Jackson (born May 29, 1956, near Gary, Indiana) is an American singer, songwriter, writer, actress, television personality and a former model. She was the fifth of ten offspring born to Joseph and Katherine Jackson. She wanted to be an attorney but her father insisted that she work in show business like her siblings. She sang background vocals with The Jackson Five, her brothers' band. She had many musical hits during the 1980s and 1990s and returned in 2004. In 1989 Jackson was on the cover of "Playboy" magazine.

Jackson was born at St Mary's Mercy Hospital in Gary, Indiana, She was fifth children and ten child of Joe Jackson and Katherine Jackson 

In 1980 Jackson's first album "La Toya Jackson" was released. Jackson wanted the album to be called "La Toya" but her dad would not let her. Her second single "Night Time Lover" was produced by La Toya's brother Michael. Jackson's third album was released in 1984. She sung backing vocals on Michael's single ""P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing)". In 1985 Jackson sung on "We Are the World" as part of USA for Africa. It sold over 20 million copies.

In 1991 Jackson's first book "La Toya, Growing Up In The Jackson Family" was published.
Jackson released her ninth album "From Nashville to You" in 1994.

In July 2009 Jackson released the single "Home" in dedication to her brother Michael Jackson, who died on June 25 2009. All of the money from people buying the single went to AIDS_Project Los Angeles, which was one of Michael's favourite charities.

She released a new EP for 2011," Starting Over". In the same year a best-selling memoir written by Jackson of the same name was released. In 2010 she released Dream Cream, a hand cream for Alessandro International.

On April 13, 2013 a reality series about Jackson's life called "Life with La Toya" started on the Oprah Winfrey Network.

Jackson's newest single “Feels Like Love” was played for the first time on December 14 at a West Hollywood nightclub.

Jackson did not move out of the Jackson family home until she was 31 years old. In 1989 she married her manager Jack Gordon. She did not want to. In 1993 Gordon beat Jackson with a chair many times. She had to have 12 stitches in her mouth. In 1996 Jackson escaped from Gordon with the help of her brother Randy. She sued Gordon under the Violence Against Women Act.
It was reported that on December 9, 2013 Jackson married Jeffrey Phillips in Los Angeles.
However Jackson said this is not true.


Abercrombie River National Park

Abercrombie River National Park is a national park in New South Wales, Australia. It is west of Sydney. The Abercrombie and Retreat Rivers flow through the park. The park protects a large area of open forest, the largest area in this part of New South Wales. There are large trees, Casuarina cunninghamia, growing along the river. The river is normally a series of deep waterholes. In the park there are platypuses, rakalis, wallaroos, red-necked wallabies, swamp wallabies and Eastern Grey Kangaroos.


Rakali

The rakali ("Hydromys chrysogaster"), also known as the water-rat, is an Australian native rodent. The species lives in burrows on the banks of rivers, lakes and estuaries. It feeds on aquatic insects, fish, crustaceans, mussels, snails, frogs, birds' eggs and water birds. Rakali are in length with a thick tail measuring around . They weigh . They have webbed hind legs, waterproof fur, a flattened head, a long blunt nose, many whiskers and small ears and eyes. They are black to brown in colour with an orange to white belly, and dark tail with a white tip.

Until the 1980s, this species was commonly known as water-rat. During the 1990s there was a push for English common names to be replaced with indigenous names. In 1995 the Australian Nature Conservation Agency recommended that the name rakali be used as the common name. The Australian Department of Environment and Heritage has taken up this suggestion and both common names are now used.


Desert Diamond Arena

The Desert Diamond Arena is a sports arena in Glendale, Arizona. The arena opened on December 26, 2003, and was the home of the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League until the end of the 2021-2022 (NHL) season. The arena was originally known as Glendale Arena until online company Jobing.com acquired naming rights in late 2006 for 10 years, which cost a reported $30 million. The building became Jobing.com Arena on January 1, 2007. In 2014, the team ended the contract with Jobing.com and reached a new deal with the Gila River Casinos, owned by a local tribe of Native Americans. The new arena name became official on September 10, 2014 and he arena was renamed Gila River Arena. On August 23, 2022, Desert Diamond Casino would purchase the naming rights for the arena and it would be renamed the Desert Diamond Arena.

The arena currently seats 17,125 people (17,534 with standing room). The Arizona Sting of the National Lacrosse League (NLL) also played in the arena from 2003 to 2007.

Stockholm Bloodbath

The Stockholm Bloodbath () or Swedish Massacre (8–9 November 1520) was the mass killing of Swedish nobility by the Danish King Christian II (1481–1559). Denmark, Norway and Sweden were part of the Kalmar Union. There had been conflict in Sweden between those who supported the union, and those who wanted independence. In 1520 Christian II had invaded Sweden. The regent of Sweden, Sten Sture the Younger, was killed in battle. Christian II besieged Stockholm for four months. When the city gave in, he made himself king and beheaded 82 leading Swedes, including two bishops for heresy. The reason for heresy was the people of Stockholm had replaced Archbishop Gustav Trolle; this was said to be a crime against the Church. Sture the Younger's body was dug up and burned at the stake. The killings made people so angry that he became known as "Christian the Tyrant". He was chased out of Sweden in 1523.

Rebbie Jackson

Maureen Reillette "Rebbie" Jackson (born May 29, 1950 in Gary, Indiana) is an American singer. She is the eldest of the Jackson siblings.

Maureen was born at 2300 Jackson Street in Gary, Indiana, She began performing on stage in 1974 and later appeared in the television program "The Jacksons". In 1984 Rebbie released her debut album "Centipede", her most successful album. The single "Centipede" reached number 4 in the US R&B chart. It has backing vocals from siblings La Toya and Michael Jackson and The Weather Girls. In 1976 she was in the TV series The Jacksons. It was the first TV show starring an African-American family. She then released two more albums in the 1980s and then went on hiatus, returning in 1998 with "Yours Faithfully". She has not had an album released since 1998.

She married Nathaniel Brown in 1968. He died in 2013 of cancer. They have three children, Austin, Stacee (who has Jackson's only grandchild, London), and Yashi Brown.

Battle of White Mountain

The Battle of White Mountain happened in 1620 and was the first battle of the Thirty Years' War. It had Duke Maximilian I of Bavaria defeat the forces of Frederick V, Elector of Palantine, King of Bohemia and Moravia. 

The cause of the battle was a revolt by a group of Czech lords who threw two governors and a secretary out of the windows of Prague Castle. The incident is known as the Defenestration of Prague. The rebels quickly built up an army of 30,000 to make an independent Protestant country. The Czechs were defeated by a well-trained Imperial army after a battle lasting less than one hour. Emperor Ferdinand II replaced Frederick as King of Bohemia and then killed many who had opposed him. Others were given a choice to convert to Catholicism or to leave the country.

White Mountain is now in the city of Prague. There is an open space and monument.

Lana Turner

Lana Turner (February 8, 1921 - June 29, 1995) was an American actress. She was born in Wallace, Idaho. She was first discovered and signed into movie contract by MGM when she was 16. She played mainly feature roles and was one of Hollywood's first scream queens. She would become very popular in the 1940s and 1950s. Turner appeared in the television series "Falcon Crest" during 1982 and 1983. The actress died from throat cancer in 1995 in Century City, Los Angeles.

Gansus

Gansus is a genus of aquatic birds that lived during the Lower Cretaceous period, between 115 to 105 million years ago (mya). It was found in what is now Gansu province, western China. It is the oldest-known of the Ornithurae, the group which includes modern birds (Neornithes) and extinct related groups, such as "Confuciusornis", "Ichthyornis" and "Hesperornis".

The genus "Gansus" contains a single species, "G. yumenensis", which was about the size of a pigeon and similar in appearance to loons and diving ducks.

"Gansus" was discovered in the form of a single fossil foot in 1981. Five more well-preserved fossils were found in 2003–2004 in mudstone at the site of an ancient lake at Changma, Gansu; the geological stratum in which the fossils were found is the Xiagou Formation. Their bodies had settled in anoxic mud and were soon covered with further extremely fine silty sediments. Without oxygen, their remains resisted decay: these specimens preserved remains of flight feathers and traces of the webbing between their toes.

Marumo no Okite

Marumo no Okite is a Japanese television drama starring Sadao Abe and Mana Ashida. Eleven episodes were broadcast by Fuji Television between April 24 and July 3, 2011.

This City

"This City" is the first solo mainstream radio single released by American pop singer-songwriter Patrick Stump off the debut album "Soul Punk" under Island Def Jam Records on July 26, 2011 on his blog. The song features American rapper and songwriter and producer Lupe Fiasco. The original track does not feature Fiasco's addition to the rap versus in the single. In January 2010, Stump announced that he was producing his debut solo album, titled "Soul Punk". This came after Fall Out Boy (his main band)'s hiatus in late 2009. His album is a complete solo effort as he is doing everything: performing, composing all music, penning all lyrics, playing over ten instruments and producing, with the album's recording is funded by his own Fall Out Boy earnings. Its musical direction is generally pop/R&B orientated and has been described by Stump as "soul punk" and "smart pop," drawing influence from a wide scope of artists including Prince, Michael Jackson and David Bowie. According to Stump, the song changed the entire course of "Soul Punk". "I had written a while draft of the album and then at the 11th hour came up with "This City," I really loved the song but felt like, conceptually, it didn't fit on the album. I had to go back and make an album for that song because I loved it so much. So one of the holdups on [the album] was re-writing the record around [it]." With "Soul Punk" originally due in February 2011, Stump delayed it to October 18 and rebuilt the album with the song, releasing "Truant Wave" EP in the meanwhile for its delay in February 2011. "I had this feeling that the album was disjointed, and right before I was mastering, I played "This City" for my manager — I really liked it, but I was unsure about it, although I thought it was what I wanted to say — and he was like, 'Put it on, it's great! Then I thought, 'Well, if I'm going to put that on the record, then I really need to go back to the drawing board.' Basically I took "This City", "Everybody Wants Somebody", "Allie", and a song called "Dance Miserable", and rebuilt the album around those four songs."

A music video for the remix has been released, directed by Ken Koller. On September 13, Patrick Stump announced that the music video for "This City" (remix) would premiere on September 20 on Vevo with a teaser on Idolitor. Prior to that he Tweeted about the video in the making Twitter and a behind-the-scenes clip was reported by MTV on their website. The video features Stump dancing and performing the song in a room with flashing lights, projections and heavy use of special effects, alternating with brief grayscale flashes of a city. Despite not being available at first, Lupe Fiasco appears for one scene by himself. Stump and Koller made the video simplistic to let the music do the talking rather than the video.

"There's not really a plot, there's not really a story to it. The song's called 'This City,' and it describes a lot of these images in a city, and I feel like those images are already there; it would be kind of redundant to take a camera into a city; it's almost like the colors and the lights and the images that are going to be around this are going to be representing the life in a city. One thing that Ken and I were talking about is that a city is so complicated, so ... we wanted to do something a bit different with it, and a bit more abstract [...] the treatment was really funny to look at; it was literally one sentence, like 'Patrick stands in a room and sings and we project all these images and lights on the walls.'"—Stump, reported by MTV.

Ornithurae

Ornithurae (meaning 'bird tails' in Greek) is the name of a natural group which includes all modern birds as well as their extinct relatives with plough-shaped pygostyles (†Ichthyornis, †Hesperornithes, †Limenavis). This is a bone at the end of the tail which allows the tail feathers to fan and retract. "Gansus", from the Lower Cretaceous of China is the earliest known at 110 million years ago.

Simple classification:

Herbert Kitchener, 1st Earl Kitchener

Field Marshal Horatio Herbert Kitchener, 1st Earl Kitchener KG, KP, GCB, OM, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, ADC, PC (24 June 1850 – 4 June 1916) was an Irish born British Field Marshal.

Kitchener was Sirdar (British Commander in Chief) of the Egyptian Army. He defeated the Mahdist rebels against Egyptian rule in 1898 and conquered the Sudan for Britain and (nominally) Egypt.

He was Chief of Staff during the Boer War of 1899–1902. From 1899–1900 he was also Commander-in-Chief of the forces in southern Africa. He was given many orders of chivalry, both British and foreign, including Knight of St. Patrick and Knight of the Garter.

At the start of the First World War, Prime Minister Asquith appointed Lord Kitchener Secretary of State for War. A massive recruitment campaign began for the New Armies, also called "Kitchener's Army". His image was used in a famous advertisement. Kitchener was drowned in 1916 when the HMS Hampshire sunk near the Orkney Islands after hitting a German mine.

Anglo-Egyptian Sudan

Anglo-Egyptian Sudan was the name of the Sudan when it was a colony of the United Kingdom and Egypt. It was officially under the joint rule of both countries, but the British controlled the government from the beginning. Every Governor was British, and all decisions about the country were made by the British, but many of the administrators of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan were Egyptians. The Anglo-Egyptian Sudan was created in 1899 when the Egyptian Army under Herbert Kitchener recaptured the Sudan, which was before an Egyptian colony, from the Mahdists, a group of Islamic rebels against Egypt. 

Before focusing on the Anglo-Egyptian condominium in Sudan, it is essential to know that Sudan was already a part of Egypt since 1820. Egypt was then part of the Ottoman empire. 

Muhammad Ali came to power in Egypt in 1805 to defeat the Mamluks by 1812. The Mamluks were invited to the inauguration of Ahmad Pasha as commander. After the event at the Citadel of Cairo, the Egyptian ruler Muhammad Ali commanded his army to kill all the Mamluks. The ones that survived the massacre fled southwards to a village in Sudan called Dongola, where they formed a community. 

This Mamluk settlement was the main reason for Ali to invade Sudan; he feared that they were preparing to come back to Egypt soon and topple the ruler. But this was certainly not the only reason for Muhammad Ali to take over their neighboring country. He was also highly interested in the enslaved Sudanese people. Ali decided to modernize Egypt when he took control of it in 1805, this included building a big army, but he had not enough human resources to achieve this.

After years of exploration by Egyptian officials in Upper Egypt and Sudan, the invasion began in 1820. The conquest can be divided into two different parts. The first one was led by the son of Muhammad Ali, Isma'ili Kamal Pasha, and had the aim to take control of the Nile Bassin and Sennar. Muhammad Bay Khusawr Al Dafardaar conducted the second conquest that began a year later; he was also related to Mohammed Ali because he married the daughter of Mohammed Ali's wife. His goal was to conquer the Darfur region which is the southwestern part of Sudan. 

Ali’s goal of creating an army consisting of enslaved people was not achieved. But with his invasion, he dismantled possible opponents. The situation in Sudan was calm after their uprising was suppressed. The next big rebellion was the Mahdist revolt.

In 1881, the Mahdist Revolt broke out in the Sudan. This revolt was similar in nature to the ‘Urabi revolt in lower Egypt, however experienced by the British as more fanatical. It was centered around the Sufi scholar Muhammad Ahmad who assumed Mahdiship and started a revolution from Kordofan against Egypt. From Kordofan he conquered most of modern-day Sudan and South Sudan.

After the Mahdist takeover, the Sudanese economy was destroyed first by the war and later by famine and oppression. The Mahdi declared that anyone that criticized his mahdiship as unfaithful was considered an unbeliever (kāfir). The Mahdist state also continued to fight a jihad against Egypt and opposition within his state.

The reconquest of Sudan was achieved with Egyptian military and finance; this was on demand of Great Britain. Other European powers, like France, Italy, and Belgium that were active in the region, were also interested in annexing or acquiring Sudanese territory. The most famous example is the Fashoda Incident, the French Captain Marchand occupied the military post of Fashoda in southern Sudan on 10 July 1898. Kitchener, who was the governor-general, was furious and immediately sent out the army to defeat the French.

The military problem had now been solved; the political issue awaited a solution. At first, it was unclear which form of government was to be applied to the Sudan. Because the country had to be sufficiently Egyptian to meet the political requirements and enough British to avoid any administration problems. 

In 1898 a solution was found. On 19 January and 10 July of that year, the Condominium Agreement was signed by Lord Cromer on the British side and Boutros Pasha Ghali on the Egyptian side, he was the Egyptian Minister of Foreign Affairs at the time. A condominium means that a territory is held by two powers, in this case Egypt and Great Britain. For Sudan, it meant that it became an independent state, but with the rights of the two powers, Great Britain and Egypt merged into it. 

The agreement intends to guarantee the predominance of Great Britain in Sudan in the interests of the Sudanese, Egypt, and herself. The main points in the deal were as follows; Firstly, the flags of the two sovereign powers were to be hoisted next to each other.

The second key point is about the British control of the administrative structure given in Articles III and IV of the agreement. Article III says that the Governor-General of Sudan, who is appointed by the Khedive, is responsible for the civil and military command of the country. The other one, Article IV, gives the same Governor-General complete control over legislative powers, which means that he can make or change laws. Kitchener was, as aforementioned, the first governor-general; later, in 1899, Sir Reginald Wingate was appointed. 

Lastly, the appointment of Consuls in the Sudan must be made in consultation with Britain.

Egypt’s interest in Sudan is twofold. The first one is security; by controlling Sudan in a condominium with Great Britain, they remove threats coming from the south. The second and biggest reason for their interest is the Nile. Lord Cromer and his administration wanted to secure the Upper Nile, one reason for this was to have enough water for their important cotton production in Egypt.

When the British reclaimed Sudan, they implemented several changes in their religious and political policies. 

They were to focus on three main goals. The first of which was the separation of religion and state, as was the norm in other colonies. Another was the expulsion of the remaining Mahdist forces. This was, partially, done through condemnation of Sufism. Nevertheless, revolts did break out, which were gradually put down over time. A third goal was to gain more control over southern tribal areas, which had been under loose control in the past.

The differentiated British policies for missionary activities from those in the south. In the north, orthodox Islam was encouraged, and therefore missionary activity would be mostly prohibited. In southern tribal territories, however, it would be allowed, as they were perceived to be pagans by the British.

When Britain and the Ottoman Empire assumed opposing sides in the first world war, Britain declared Egypt as a protectorate. This was done because Egypt was, although very autonomous, still technically a province of the Ottoman Empire. Sudan was now the most British it had been.

Wingate managed to get the support of many Sudanese people. He did this by allowing more Sufism and using lingering hate against the Ottomans in Sudan to get the support of the remaining Mahdi sympathizers. Which, in turn, meant that the previous efforts to prioritize traditional Islam had failed.

After the first world war, Egyptian nationalism greatly increased. There was a fear that if the Egyptians were to gain independence, they would also claim Sudan. Therefore, the British tried to gain Sudanese support by speaking to local leaders and prominent figures. One son of the Mahdi, ‘Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi, was becoming increasingly pro-British after the first world war and would pledge his sword to the British crown in 1919. The British now had generally better relations with the Sudanese religious elite given the Mahdist threat was mostly on their side now.

However, Egyptian nationalism had mainly affected the educated middle-class Sudanese-Egyptian people. These nationalists were led by ‘Ali ‘Abd al-Latif, who started several political movements demanding sovereignty for Sudan. This led to protests and his arrest in 1922 and 1924. After his second arrest, more violent protests would take place, this led to the expulsion of Egyptian troops from Sudan.

In the 1930s, British influence appeared to be diminishing, partially because the Anglo-Egyptian treaty had been signed in 1936, making the relations between the two states more consolable. However, there was not much agreed upon about the territory of Sudan and who would rule it, with many of the same disputes still existing in the background. Nationalism had also started to grow in recent years, and in 1938 the first Sudanese representation came into being with the establishment of the Graduates’ General Congress.

The Sudanese independence was a consequence of the coup by the Free Officers in Egypt in 1952. This coup, led by Mohammad Naguib and general Gamal Abdel Nasser, overthrew the Egyptian Monarchy.

In the Sudan, the voice of nationalists had risen since a few years already. Different political parties were formed, some aimed to be fully independent and other to unite with Egypt. One of the parties that strived for independence was the Umma Nation Party, created in 1945. Britain and Egypt were aware of this rise of nationalism. Britain set up an advisory council in the northern part of the country, giving the Umma party the lead over it. 

Mohammad Naguib, half Sudanese, met the Sudanese political leader to suggest self-governance and later self-determination. On 10 January 1953, the agreement giving the Sudan ‘self-government statute’ was signed by both countries. 

This was seen as a transitional period that was limited to a maximum of 3 years; after this, it was decided whether Sudan was to be linked to Egypt in any form or become independent. 

The second option was chosen, and the parliament was the country's first self-governing institution. In 1954 elections were held, and Ismail Azhari won. He was the leader of the National Unionist Party; he wanted to get rid of the British control in Sudan. Azhari was for the unity of Egypt and Sudan, but this changed once he was elected as prime minister.
On 19 December 1955, the House of Representatives passed a resolution for the country's independence. On 1 January 1956, Sudan was officially independent, the Egyptian and British flags were lowered, and the new Sudanese flag was hoisted. This was the end of the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium.

Condominium (international law)

Condominium means a colony ruled jointly by two or more countries. Examples include the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan, which was in name under the joint rule of the United Kingdom and Egypt, although in fact a British colony with all political decisions up to the British despite having many Egyptians involved in administering the country, and New Hebrides, which was under the joint rule of the UK and France. 

Pope Urban

Pope Urban may mean:


Neornithes

Neornithes are the most recent common ancestor of all living birds and all their descendants. There are about 9,000 to 10,000 known living species in the world.

Modern birds are divided into two superorders; the Palaeognathae (tinamous and flightless ratites), and the Neognathae, containing all other birds.

It is generally agreed that the Neornithes evolved in the Cretaceous and that the split between the Palaeognathae and Neognathae, and then the split between two subgroups of Neognathae, Galloanserae and Neoaves, occurred before the K-Pg extinction event. However, fossils that can be unequivocally assigned to the Neognathae, such as "Vegavis" and "Asteriornis" do not appear in the fossil record until the very end of the Cretaceous.

However, there are different opinions about whether the radiation within these major groups occurred before or after the extinction of dinosaurs. The only Cretaceous fossils that can be unequivocally assigned to the Neognathae are "Vegavis" and "Asteriornis", two early members of the Galloanseres that corroborate the early diversification of this groups before the K-Pg extinction event. But the fossil record of Neoaves is restricted to post K-Pg times. Molecular dating have produced a wide range of dates for the rapid early diversification of Neoaves, from the late Cretaceous to the early Paleogene, with some studies suggesting that the rapid radiation largely coincided with the extinction event.

Antipope

Antipope is a term of the Roman Catholic Church in the context of its official list of popes. An antipope is not included in the list of popes in the Vatican's annual directory, "Annuario Pontificio"

An antipope is a pretender who falsely claims to be pope or who wrongly opposes the legitimate and recognized pope.

The existence or claims of an antipope produces a schism in the Roman Catholic Church. A conflict is caused by those who are opposing the authority of the pope.


Neognathae

Neognathae are birds in the subclass Neornithes. The Neognathae include almost all living birds: their sister taxon Palaeognathae has just the tinamou and the flightless ratites.

There are nearly 10,000 species of neognaths. Since the Cretaceous they have undergone an adaptive radiation. This has produced the variety of form, function, and behavior which we see today. The Passeriformes (perching birds) are the largest order of land vertebrates. They are some 60% of living birds.

The neognaths have fused hand bones, an elongate third finger, and 13 or fewer vertebrae. They differ from the Palaeognathae in features like the structure of their jawbones. "Neognathae" means "new jaws" but, ironically, paleognath jaws are one of the few derived) features of that group.

Pope Benedict XIII

Pope Benedict XIII (; 2 February 1649 – 21 February 1730), born Pietro Francesco Orsini, later Friar Vincenzo Maria Orsini, O.P., was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 246th Pope from 1724 until his death in 1730. He was the third and last member of the Orsini family to be a pope.

He was born in Gravina in Puglia near Naples. He was the son of Ferdinando III Orsini, Duke of Gravina.

In 1667, Orsini entered the Dominican Order. As a monk, his name was Vincent Maria.

Pope Clement X raised the monk to the rank of Cardinal of "San Sisto" on 22 February 1672.

In 1675, he was made Bishop of Manfredonia.

In 1686, he was made Archbishop of Benevento.

Cardinal Orsini was elected pope on May 28, 1724; and he chose to be called Benedict XIII.

Pope Benedict was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

In 1727, he ordered construction of the famous Spanish Steps in Rome.

In 1729, the pope helped bring about the Treaty of Seville between Great Britain, France, and Spain.

Benedict was buried in a tomb in Santa Maria sopra Minerva completed by Pietro Bracci and others.



Occupied territory

Occupied territory is territory under military occupation. Examples of this are the Allied Occupation Zones in Germany, Palestine and Kashmir.

Báthory family

Báthory was the name of an aristocratic family in Europe in the Middle Ages. Members included Stephen Báthory, King of Poland, Erzsébet Báthory, a countess and wife of General Francis Nadasdy and alleged serial murderer, and Andreas Bathory, a Roman Catholic bishop and prince.

Armenia at the Olympics

Armenia first took part in the Olympic Games in 1994. They have taken part in all summer and winter Olympics since then.

Before Armenia became independent, they competed in the Olympics as a part of the Soviet Union team. After the Soviet Union collapsed, Armenia got their own team.

The Armenian athletes have won twelve medals altogether. They won these medals in wrestling, weightlifting and boxing.



Pope Benedict XIV

Pope Benedict XIV (; 31 March 1675 – 3 May 1758), born Prospero Lorenzo Lambertini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 248th Pope from 1740 until his death in 1758.

Lambertini was born in Bologna. 

In 1725, Lambertini was made Bishop of Theodosia. He became the Bishop of Ancona in 1727. He was made Bishop of Bologna in 1731. 

lambertini was raised to the rank of cardinal in 1728. 

He was elected Pope in 1740; and he chose to be called Benedict XIV.

Benedict confirms the title of King of Prussia, which was taken in 1701 by the Elector of Brandenburg. 

The pope remained neutral in the War of the Spanish Succession.

Benedict ordered the construction of the Fountains of Trevi.

During Benedict's reign, the creation of a Vatican Library catalogue was begun.



Treaty of Northampton

The Treaty of Northampton signed in 1328 was an agreement between England and Scotland that recognised Scotland as an independent country and Robert the Bruce as its king. Edward I of England and his son Edward II had been fighting wars against Robert the Bruce for more than 20 years. Edward II believed that he was the rightful King of Scotland. In 1327, Edward II was forced from his throne by his wife, Isabella of France and her lover, Roger Mortimer. Edward's young son, Edward III became King of England at the age of 15. Robert the Bruce saw a chance in the confusion in England and immediately sent James Douglas to attack the north of England. The English, scared that they would lose, wanted a peace treaty. The Treaty of Northampton secured peace between the two countries. As part of the treaty, Edward II's six year old daughter, Joan of the Tower was married to Robert's four year old son, David II.

Sudan People's Liberation Movement

Sudan's people liberation army (SPLA) and Sudan's people liberation movement is a political party in South Sudan. It was founded as a resistance movement / rebel group in 1963. As Sudan's people liberation army, it fought against the Sudanese government, in the Sudanese Civil War. This war ended in 2005. Officially, the movement wanted to create a free secular Sudan, which it called "New Sudan". In reality, however, many people in the movement wanted to create an independent state, South Sudan. In 2005, there was a peace treaty. From that moment, until 2011, the SPLM was part of the Sudanese government. Since the independence of South Sudan in 2011, the SPLM is de facto the only party in the country. In the south, the SPLA will become the regular army. In the north, the SPLM is still part of the government. In the provinces South Kordofan and Blue Nile, the SPLA is one of the armies fighting the government. 

Nancy Grace

Nancy Ann Grace (born October 23, 1959 in Macon, Georgia) is an American TV host, attorney and author. She hosts a celebrity TV show (also titled as "Nancy Grace Live"). She often discusses issues from what she calls a victim rights' standpoint.

Shaheen falcon

The shaheen falcon ("Falco peregrinus peregrinator") is also known as the Indian peregrine falcon, Other names are the black shaheen, Pakistani shaheen, or simply the shaheen.

It is a non-migratory subspecies of the peregrine falcon found mainly in hilly and mountainous regions of the Indian subcontinent and the nearby island of Sri Lanka. In Pakistani literature, the shaheen has a special association with the poetry of the country's national poet, Allama Muhammad Iqbal. The Pakistan Air Force has as a symbol and in Gilgit-Baltistan it is the unofficial bird of the region.

Stephen Bathory

Stephen Báthory (27 September 1533 – 12 December 1586) was a Hungarian Prince of Transylvania (1571–1586), then King of Poland (1576–1586) and Grand Duke of Lithuania (1576–1586).

The son of Stephen VIII Báthory and a member of the Báthory family. He was married to Queen Anna Jagiellon and worked closely with Chancellor Jan Zamoyski. During his reign, he focused on consolidating power, defeating rivals like Maximilian II, the Holy Roman Emperor, and quelling rebellions, including the Danzig rebellion. He had a successful reign, especially in military matters. His most significant accomplishment was his victorious campaign against Russia in Livonia, where he defended the Commonwealth's borders and secured a favorable peace treaty called the Peace of Jam Zapolski.

Stephen Báthory was born on 27 September 1533, in Szilágysomlyó, Hungary. His father was Stephen VIII Báthory, and mother was Catherine Telegdi. He had two brothers and three sisters.

Around 1549–1550, he was studied in Italy. He later joined the army of the Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and fought against the Turks. He was captured by the Turks after 1553, and when Ferdinand I refused to pay his ransom, he switched sides, supporting John II Sigismund Zápolya in his quest for power in Eastern Hungary Kingdom. Báthory took on various roles as a feudal lord, military commander, and diplomat during this time. At one point, he was put under house arrest in Vienna for two years, causing him to fall out of favor at Zápolya's court. However, he still held influence and was considered a potential successor to Zápolya.

After Zápolya died in 1571, Báthory became the Voivode of Transylvania through an election by the Transylvanian peoples. He had to deal with opposition from Gáspár Bekes, who had support from the Habsburgs. In 1573, Báthory successfully defeated Bekes in a civil war and forced him out of Transylvania. He then worked to navigate a balance between the Ottomans and the Holy Roman Empire to make Transylvania stronger.

Girl You Know It's True

"Girl You Know It's True" is a 1988 song by Milli Vanilli. The song hit #3 in the United Kingdom and #2 in the United States. In 1989, while the duo performed the song during a concert in Connecticut, the record skipped and revealed a case of lip synching. This created controversy and eventually led to the end of Milli Vanilli in 1990.

Nanda Devi

Nanda Devi () is the highest mountain in the Republic of India. It is also the national mountain of the nation. It is holy to the Hindus, source of the Ganges river.

Nanda Devi lies in the state of Uttarakhand.

Pope Benedict XV

Pope Benedict XV (; , 21 November 1854 – 22 January 1922), born Giacomo Paolo Giovanni Battista della Chiesa, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 259th Pope from 1914 until his death in 1922.

His pontificate was largely overshadowed by World War I.

Della Chiesa was ordained a priest on 21 December 1878.

Pope Pius X made della Chiesa Bishop of Bologna in 1907.

On 25 May 1914, Giacomo della Chiesa was created a cardinal.

Cardinal Della Chiesa was elected pope in 1914; and he chose to be called Benedict XV.

Joan of Arc was canonized by Benedict.

Benedict made efforts to encourage peace in World War I. He refused to denounce either side. In 1918, Pope Benedict was excluded from the 1919 Paris Peace Conference, despite his entreaties to be made part of the talks.

Benedict XV helped develop a Code of Canon Law.

Benedict XV was the fourth Pope since the Kingdom of Italy took possession of Rome.

The last years of his papacy were concerned with making sure that the Church could still function smoothly in the newly changed borders of Europe.

Benedict XV fell ill with pneumonia in early January 1922. He died on 22 January 1922. The Italian Government lowered its flags in his honor; Benedict was the first pope to be honored in this way.

In 2005, Pope Benedict XVI explained why he chose the name Benedict: 




Chak Haryam

Chak Haryam () is a village, near Islamgarh in the Chakswari tehsil of the Mirpur District in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.

According to 1998 census of Pakistan, its population was 973.

Like many villages in the Mirpur region, many of its residents have emigrated to the United Kingdom.

The Cardigans

The Cardigans are a Swedish pop rock group that started in October 1992. Their debut studio album "Emmerdale" gave them very strong base in Sweden. However, it was not until their 1995 album "Life" was released that an international reputation was secured. Their popularity really soared in 1996 when the song "Lovefool" was released. They've carried other hit songs in addition to that. The group went on hiatus in 2006.


Les Invalides

Les Invalides is a landmark in Paris, France. It was built between 1670 and 1676 as a place for retirement of French war veterans. It consists of several buildings. It was also used as a burial place for French marshals and generals. Les Invalides is best known for housing the tomb of Napoleon Bonaparte. Nowadays, the complex houses the Museum of Arms, the Museum of Contemporary History, and the Museum of Plains-Reliefs.

Rakia

Rakia is a Turkish brandy made from fermented fruit. 

It is very popular in North Macedonia and Bulgaria. It can be made from different fruits.

Rakia is а national drink of Turkey.

Rakia is an alcoholic drink similar to Brandy. Usually, it has 40% of alcohol, but home-made rakia can be stronger and have from 50 to 60%.

The most common form of Rakia is made from plum, but grapes, peaches, apricots, apples, pears, cherries, figs are also used.

People drink Rakia from small glasses of 30 to 50 ml.

Rakia drink

Swimming

Swimming is the movement of the body through water using arms and legs. People can swim in the sea, swimming pools, rivers and lakes. People swim for exercise, for fun, and as a sport. There are several styles of swimming, known as "strokes", including: "front crawl", "breaststroke", "freestyle", "butterfly", and "backstroke".

Swimming works all the muscles simultaneously. It is impact free. It also builds up stamina. 

There are several styles in swimming. Some of them are:


The goal of competitive swimming is to improve speed, and to beat other competitors in events. An athlete goes through several stages of training. At the beginning, the body is overloaded with work. The workload becomes less closer to the date of the competition. This final stage is often referred to as "shave and taper"; the swimmer tapering downs his or her workload to be able to perform at their optimal level. At the end of this stage, before competition, the swimmer shaves off all exposed hair and dead skin. Often confused within shaving, swimmers shave to rid the skin of dead skin cells to expose sensitive skin to the water. The effect of shaving is a decrease in drag from hair and an increase in the sensation of "feeling" the water.

Sometimes equipment is used when swimming, and can include:



One Step at a Time

"One Step at a Time", released in 2008, became the third single off Jordin Sparks' first album. This song reached #17 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It hit #3 on the R&B charts in the USA.

John Chafee

John Lester Hubbard Chafee (October 22, 1922 – October 24, 1999) was an American politician. He was an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He was the 66th Governor of Rhode Island. He was the Secretary of the Navy. He was a United States Senator.

Chafee was born on October 22, 1922 in Providence, Rhode Island. He studied at Yale University and at Harvard Law School. Chafee was married to Virginia Coates until his death in 1999. They had six children; one daughter was killed in an racing accident.

Chafee died suddenly on October 24, 1999 from congestive heart failure in his home in Washington, D.C., aged 77. He is buried at Chafee Family Cemetery in Warwick, Rhode Island.

Chafee's son, Lincoln, is a former governor and former senator of Rhode Island.


Heavy D

Dwight Arrington Myers (May 24, 1967 – November 8, 2011), better known by his stage name Heavy D, was a Jamaican-born American rapper, singer, actor, and musician. He was born in Mandeville, Jamaica and raised in Mount Vernon, New York, United States. He began his music career in the late 1980s and founded his hip hop group, Heavy D and the Boyz. The group were affiliated with East Coast hip hop music.

He died in Los Angeles, California from a pulmonary embolism as a result of diabetes.

Biological control

Biological control, or biological pest control, is the reduction of pest populations by using natural enemies. It is important because crop pests become resistant to chemical pesticides.

Natural enemies of insect pests include predators, parasitoids, and pathogens. Biological control agents of weeds include herbivores and plant pathogens. Predators, such as birds, lady beetles and lacewings, are free-living species that eat many prey during their lifetime. 

Parasitoids are species whose larvae develop on or in a single insect host, ultimately killing or fatally infecting the host. Most have a very narrow host range. Many species of wasps and some flies are parasitoids. 

Pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria, fungi, and viruses. They kill or debilitate their host and are relatively specific.

There are three basic types of biological control strategies; conservation, classical biological control, and augmentation.




A Chinese text from 304 AD, "Records of the plants and trees of the southern regions", by Hsi Han, describes mandarin oranges protected by large reddish-yellow citrus ants. The ants attack and kill insect pests of the orange trees. The citrus ant ("Oecophylla smaragdina") was rediscovered in the 20th century, and now is again used in China to protect orange groves.

Manuel Noriega

Manuel Antonio Noriega Moreno (11 February 1938 – 29 May 2017) was a Panamanian politician and general. 

Noriega went to high school and had a career in the army. He was the de facto ruler of Panama between 12 August 1983 and 20 December 1989. In 1992, a United States court convicted him of drug trafficking, racketeering, and money laundering. Noriega served a prison sentence in the US, which ended in 2007. He was then extradited to France, where he served another sentence.

A conditional release was given to him on September 23, 2011. Noriega was sent to Panama to serve 20 years. He arrived in Panama on December 11, 2011.

Noriega died at a medical center in Panama City on 29 May 2017 from complications of brain surgery at the age of 83.

Sosigenes of Alexandria

Sosigenes of Alexandria was an astronomer in the 1st century BC. Julius Caesar consulted him, and other astrologers, before introducing the Julian calendar. Sosigenes also influenced Caesar's writing "De astris", but only parts of it remain. Pliny the Elder wrote In his Natural History that Sosigenes observed that the planet Mercury never had an elongation angle greater than 22 degrees from the sun.

Auld Alliance

The Auld Alliance (Scots) () is
an alliance between the kingdoms of Scotland and France. It played a major role in the relations between Scotland, France and England from its beginning in 1295 until the 1560 Treaty of Edinburgh. The alliance was renewed by all the French and Scottish monarchs of that period except for Louis XI. By the late 14th century, the treaty was renewed even when France or Scotland was not at war with England.

The alliance dates from the treaty signed by John Balliol and Philip IV of France in 1295 against Edward I of England. The treaty said that if either country was attacked by England, the other country would invade England. That happened at the Battle of Flodden Field, 1513. The alliance played an important role in conflicts between both countries and England, such as the Wars of Scottish Independence, the Hundred Years' War, the War of the League of Cambrai and the Rough Wooing.

In a speech which he delivered in Edinburgh in June 1942, Charles de Gaulle described the alliance between Scotland and France as "the oldest alliance in the world":
"In every combat where for five centuries the destiny of France was at stake, there were always men of Scotland to fight side by side with men of France, and what Frenchmen feel is that no people have ever been more generous than yours with its friendship."
In 1995, celebrations were held in both countries for the 700th anniversary of the beginning of the alliance.

Berwick

Berwick-upon-Tweed (historically known as "South Berwick") is a border town in the north of England.

Berwick may also refer to:





Aepyornis

Aepyornis is an Elephant bird, one of three genera of ratite birds endemic to Madagascar until their extinction about 1000 A.D. The species "A". "maximus" weighed up to , and until recently was regarded as the largest known bird of all time. However, in 2018 the largest "Aepyornis" specis, weighing up to , was moved to the related genus "Vorombe".

Sosigenes the Peripatetic

Sosigenes the Peripatetic was a philosopher who lived in the 2nd century AD. He followed the Aristotelian school of thought, and was one of the first people to write interpretations and commentaries to Aristotle's work.

He was the tutor of Alexander of Aphrodisias, and wrote a work "On Revolving Spheres". On 4th September 164 AD, he watched an 'annular' solar eclipse. He noticed that, unlike a total solar eclipse, the apparent size of the moon was smaller than that of the sun. This meant the distances between the sun, moon and earth were not the same at different eclipses. For this reason, sun and moon could not be on a circular movement around the same centre.

This was a significant discovery. It pinpointed a difficulty with the theory that the earth was the centre of the known universe. Much later, Nicolaus Copernicus used the same idea when he proposed a heliocentric view. In this view, the earth, moon and the planets rotate around the sun, which does not move.

Lara Flynn Boyle

Lara Flynn Boyle (born March 24, 1970 in Davenport, Iowa) is an American movie and television actress. She is known for many movie roles. She is best known for her roles in television programs. Her television work includes "The Practice" and "Twin Peaks".

Harriet Arbuthnot

Harriet Arbuthnot (10 September 1793 – 2 August 1834) was an English diarist, a social observer and a political hostess on behalf of the Tory Party during the 1820s. She was the closest female friend to the hero of the Battle of Waterloo and British Prime Minister, 1st Duke of Wellington.

Jos Luhukay

Jos Luhukay (born 13 June 1963) is a Dutch football manager and former player, who was most recently head coach of VVV-Venlo.

Borussia Mönchengladbach

FC Augsburg

Hertha BSC

Pope Sixtus V

Pope Sixtus V (; 13 December 1520 – 27 August 1590), born Felice Peretti di Montalto, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 228th Pope from 1585 to 1590.

Felice Peretti was born in December 15250 at Grottammare in the province of Ascoli Piceno.

In 1547, Peretti was ordained.

Peretti became a Franciscan; and in 1560, he became Apostolic vicar of his order.

In 1565, Pope Pius IV assigned Peretti to work with Cardinal Buoncompagni (who would become Pope Gregory XIII); but they did not work well together.

In 1566 Pope Pius V made Peretti Bishop of Sant' Agata dei Goti in the Kingdom of Naples.

In 1570, Peretti was raised to the rank of cardinal.

After the election of Gregory XIII, Peretti withdrew from public activities.

Cardinal di Montalto was elected pope in 1585; and he chose the name Sixtus V.

During the reign of Sixtus V, the dome of St Peter's Basilica was completed;. The external dome was covered with lead and the bands were covered with bronze gilt.

A building for the Vatican Library was constructed.

The investment in public works included the loggia of Sixtus in the Basilica of St. John Lateran; the chapel of the Praesepe in Santa Maria Maggiore; additions and repairs to the Quirinal Palace, Lateran Palace and Vatican Palace; the erection of four obelisks (including the one in the Piazza of St Peter's; the opening of six streets; and the restoration of the aqueduct of Severus ("Acqua Felice").



Lacewing

Lacewings, or 'Green lacewings', are insects in the large family Chrysopidae of the order Neuroptera. There are about 85 genera and (differing between sources) 1,300–2,000 species in this widespread group. However, in America and Europe, the two genera "Chrysopa" and "Chrysoperla" are very common.

Most species of lacewings and their larvae are active predators, and are often used for biological control. 

Many adults of "Chrysopa" can defend themselves by giving out a vile smell from glands at the front of their thorax.

They have 'ears' at the base of their front wings. When they hear bat echolocation sounds, they close their wings and drop down. They can escape spider webs, because, being so light, they do not create much vibration to alert the spider. Instead of struggling like most insects, the lacewing bites through the strands holding its legs and antennae. When it is stuck only by its wings, it become completely immobile. Slowly, the lacewing slides downwards out of the web. Tiny hairs on the wings prevent the sticky spider silk from touching the wings' surface. 

The larvae are voracious, attacking other insects of suitable size, especially soft-bodied ones (aphids, caterpillars and other insect larvae, insect eggs). When they touch a potential prey object, the larva grasps it. Their maxillae are hollow, and inject a digestive secretion into the prey. The organs of an aphid can be dissolved by this in 90 seconds. 

Pope Sixtus

Pope Sixtus may mean:

Emma Thompson

Dame Emma Thompson (born 15 April 1959) is a British screenwriter, actress and comedian. She was born in Paddington, London, the elder daughter of Eric Thompson and Phyllida Law. She was raised in West Hampstead. Her sister is Sophie Thompson. 

Thompson has a Master of Arts degree from Newnham College, Cambridge.

She has won many Academy Awards for her acting. Her many movies include the Harry Potter franchise and the Nancy McPhee series. She has also won many BAFTA Awards.

Thompson was married to Kenneth Branagh from 1989 until they divorced in 1995. She has been married to Greg Wise since 2003.


What's Love Got to Do with It (song)

"What's Love Got to Do with It" is the second single released in May 1984. It is from Tina Turner's album, "Private Dancer". The song is a pop rock and soul song written by Graham Lyle and Terry Britten. Britten produced the song.

It became Turner's most successful song. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US, in Australia, and the top five in New Zealand, Austria, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. The title of this song was used for a 1993 biographical movie that was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

A remix of the song was released on July 17, 2020 by Norwegian DJ Kygo.

Little Children (movie)

Little Children is a 2006 drama movie based on the novel of the same name. Actress Kate Winslet plays a reluctant housewife and mother from Boston in the film.


Reviews of "Little Children" were mostly positive. The movie got an 80% rating from the Rotten Tomatoes.

"Little Children" was listed on many critics' top ten lists.

Pierre Gamarra

Pierre Gamarra (Toulouse, July 10, 1919 – Argenteuil, May 20, 2009) was a French writer. He was a poet and novelist. He is famous for his poems and novels for the children. Pierre Gamarra also worked for a literary magazine, "Europe".

Gamarra was born in Toulouse in 1919. From 1938 to 1940, he was a teacher in the south of France. He became a journalist in 1944.

In 1948, he received an international prize for his novel "The Fiery House".

In 1951, he began working for the literary magazine "Europe".

Gamarra died in 2009 in Argenteuil, near Paris, at age 89.

Most of Gamarra's novels are set in the southwest of France. That is the region where he was born.

Gamarra's books are not yet translated into English. His poems are well known by French schoolchildren. Examples are "My Schoolbag" () or "The Cosmonaut and his host" ().


Pre-frontal cortex

The prefrontal cortex (PFC) is the front part of the frontal lobes of the brain. It lies in front of the motor and premotor areas.

This brain region helps plan complex cognitive behaviours, personality expression, and decision making. It helps correct social behaviour. The basic activity of this brain region is to bring together thoughts and actions to help achieve internal goals.

The most typical psychological term for functions carried out by the prefrontal cortex area is executive function. This is the ability to work out conflicting thoughts. It determines good and bad, better and best, same and different, consequences of current activities, working toward a goal, prediction of outcomes, and expectation of results. Critical is 'social control': the ability to suppress urges which, if not suppressed, could lead to socially unacceptable outcomes.

Many authors have indicated an integral link between a person's personality and the functions of the prefrontal cortex.

Pest (biology)

A pest is an animal which harms humans or human concerns. It is a loosely defined term; it overlaps with the terms vermin, weeds, parasites and pathogens. In its broadest sense, a pest is a competitor of humanity.

According to BBC News Science & Environment, these are among the top ten pests of plants: Fungi are prominent in their list, and it is more usual to call them pathogens.


António Egas Moniz

António Egas Moniz (António Caetano de Abreu Freire Egas Moniz, 29 November 1874 – 13 December 1955), known as Egas Moniz, was a Portuguese neurologist.

He developed cerebral angiography, a technique to visualise the blood vessels in and around the brain. This technique is widely used today. He also developed the surgical procedure leucotomy, also known as "lobotomy". This technique is now rarely used.

Antonio Egas is highly regarded. More commonly, Gottlieb Burckhardt is regarded as the founder of modern psychosurgery. He became the first Portuguese national to receive a Nobel Prize when, in 1949, he shared it with Walter Rudolf Hess.

He held academic positions, wrote many medical articles and also served in several legislative and diplomatic posts in the Portuguese government. In 1911 he became professor of neurology in Lisbon until his retirement in 1944. At the same time, he pursued a demanding political career.

Puddle of Mudd

Puddle of Mudd is an American rock band from Kansas City, Missouri. Puddle of Mudd has five members in the band; the current band members are Wes Scantlin, Paul Phillips, Doug Ardito, Shannon Boone and Dizzi Devereux.







Pope Julius III

Pope Julius III (; 10 September 1487 – 23 March 1555), born Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 222nd Pope from February 1550 until his death in 1555.

Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte was born in Rome in 1487. 

Ciocchi del Monte studied law at the University of Perugia and the University of Siena.

In 1512, Ciocchi del Monte became Archbishop of Siponto (Manfredonia) in Apulia.

Inm 1520, he was made Bishop of Pavia.

Pope Paul III made Ciocchi del Monte a Cardinal in 1536. He became Cardinal-Bishop of Palestrina in 1543. 

He participated in the Council of Trent.

Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte was elected pope on 7 February 1550.

Pope Julius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Pope Julius re-opened the Council of Trent.




Pope Julius

Pope Julius could refer to:


Pope Celestine IV

Pope Celestine IV (; died 10 November 1241 in Rome), born Goffredo Castiglione, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 180th Pope for two weeks from October 25, 1241 to November 10, 1241.

Goffredo Castiglione was born in Milan, but the date of birth is unknown.

Castiglione became a Cistercian monk.

Pope Gregory IX made Castiglione a cardinal on September 18, 1227. 

In 1238, he was made Bishop of Sabina.

Cardinal Castiglione was elected on October 25, 1241; and he chose to be called Pope Celestine IV. His reign lasted only seventeen days. 

He died on November 10, 1241; and he was buried in St Peter's. The exact location of his tomb has been lost.



Natalie Wood

Natalie Wood (July 20, 1938 – November 29, 1981) was an American actress.

Natalie Wood's parents were Russian immigrants Nikolai Stepanovich Zakharenko and Maria Stepanovna. Her parents moved to Santa Rosa, California. The family moved to Los Angeles. Wood began a career there. Her younger sister, Svetlana Zacharenko also became an actress using the stage name Lana Wood.

In the 1950s, Wood became a teen idol. When she shot the movie "Rebel Without a Cause" with James Dean, she was 16 years old. She got an Oscar nomination for "Best Supporting Actress" for the role as "Judy" in this movie. She got a Golden Globe Award nomination in the category "New Star Of The Year – Actress".

Her most successful role was as "Maria" in the movie "West Side Story" in 1961.

Wood was married to Robert Wagner from 1957 to 1962. She was married to Richard Gregson for a short time. They had a daughter, Natasha Gregson Wagner. In 1972, Wood and Wagner married again.

In 1981, Wood worked on the movie "Brainstorm" with Christopher Walken. During a boat trip with Walken and her husband Robert Wagner, she drowned near Santa Catalina Island, California. She is buried in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery.

Khapra beetle

The Khapra beetle ("Trogoderma granarium"), which originated in South Asia, is one of the world’s most destructive pests of grain products and seeds. It is considered one of the 100 worst invasive species in the world. Infestations are difficult to control because of the insect's ability to survive without food for long periods, its preference for dry conditions and low-moisture food, and its resistance to many insecticides. There is a federal quarantine restricting the importation of rice into the U.S. from countries with known infestations of the beetle.

Wyandot people

The Wyandot people (also called Wendats or Huron) are a tribe of Native Americans. Samuel de Champlain traded fur with them. In the 17th and 18th centuries they were allies of New France, and enemies of the Iroquois and New Netherland and New York.

The Wyandots signed the Treaty of Detroit on November 17 in the year 1807. They signed it with other Native Americans from three other tribes called the Odawa, Ojibwe and Potawatomi. The tribes gave up areas of Michigan and Ohio to the United States to own.

Occupy movement

Occupy movement are an international protest group which are directed against social or economic inequality. The movement model itself after the New York City based movement network Occupy Wall Street. These protests were ongoing all across the world in 2011.

Multivalued function

A multivalued function (multifunction) is a relation like a function. A multifunction associates each input with "at least one" output. A strict function associates each input with "exactly one" output. An example of a multivalued function is the square root. Every complex number (except for 0), has two square roots. Example: formula_1 could be 2 or -2 because formula_2 and formula_3.

Lambda expression

Lambda expression may mean:


Ball Arena

Ball Arena is a sports arena in Denver, Colorado. The arena opened on October 1, 1999, and is the current home to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL), the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League (NLL). Ball Corporation currently has naming rights for the arena. The arena currently seats 19,155 for basketball and 18,007 for hockey and lacrosse.

The arena had opened as Pepsi Center after PepsiCo bought the naming rights. The rights contract expired in 2020, and a new deal was signed with Ball Corporation, a company based in nearby Broomfield that makes packaging and aerospace products.


Tacit programming

Tacit programming (or point-free programming) is the style of programming functions where the parameter is not mentioned. Instead, the functions are defined using combinators and higher-level abstractions like map (which applies a function to each element of a list). It is commonly used in functional programming languages like Haskell.


Amerant Bank Arena

Amerant Bank Arena is a sports arena in Sunrise, Florida. It opened on October 3, 1998. It is the current home to the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

The arena was also known as the Broward County Civic Arena in 1998, the National Car Rental Center from 1998 to 2002, Office Depot Center from 2002 to 2005, BankAtlantic Center from 2005 to 2012, BB&T Center from 2012 to 2021, and FLA Live Arena from 2021 until 2023.

The most recent name change was in September 2021, when the naming rights contract between the arena and the financial services company BB&T ran out. By that time, BB&T had merged with SunTrust Banks to form Truist Financial Corporation. The merged company decided to not renew the naming rights agreement, and the arena now has the temporary name of FLA Live Arena until a new rights partner is found. On September 19, 2023, Amerant Bank bought the naming rights for the arena and it would be renamed to Amerant Bank Arena.

The arena currently seats 20,737 for basketball and 19,250 for hockey. The arena was also home to the Florida Pit Bulls of the ABA from 2005 to 2006 and the Florida Bobcats of the AFL from 1999 to 2001.

On June 27, 2018, an open casket public funeral service for rapper XXXTentacion was held at the arena. Thousands of fans showed up including rappers Lil Uzi Vert and Lil Yachty.


Da Nang International Airport

Da Nang International Airport is an airport in Da Nang, Central Vietnam. It is the third biggest airport in Vietnam. The French government built the airport in 1930s. During the Vietnam War, the airport was upgraded. It has two terminals (old and new ones) and two runways. There are international air routes to some Asian countries like China, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Taiwan and South Korea.

WSG Tirol

WSG Tirol is an Austrian football club from Wattens, a town in the state of Tyrol. They play in the Austrian Bundesliga, the top league of Austrian football. 

The club was founded in 1930 and played under different names.

Between 1971 and 1984 the club was united with FC Wacker Innsbruck to form SSW Innsbruck. This team was very successful. They reached the championship five times. From 1984 onwards they played in the Austrian Regional League West and the second tier First League. 2002 they merged with FC Wacker Tirol, so this new founded club was able to play in the Regionalliga. After the promotion the merger was dissolved. In the 2010/11 season they reached the second place and played two relegation matches versus Blau-Weiß Linz, the champion of the Regionalliga Mitte. They lost in the penalty shooting and Linz was promoted to the First League.

In 2019 they were promoted to the Bundesliga. After promotion they changed the name to WSG Swarowski Tirol. In 2021 Swarovski ended its sponsorship and the name was removed from the club's name so they play under the name WSG Tirol.


Dylan and Cole Sprouse

Dylan Thomas Sprouse and Cole Mitchell Sprouse (born August 4, 1992) are American actors. They are twins. Together, they are called "Dylan and Cole Sprouse" or the "Sprouse Bros." Their first major movie role was in "Big Daddy", where they acted with Adam Sandler. Later, they acted in many television sitcoms. They also acted in the straight-to-DVD family movies, "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and "Just for Kicks".

In 2005, they started acting in the Disney Channel sitcom "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody." In 2006, the brothers started a franchise known as the "Sprouse Bros" brand. The franchise had a clothing line, a book series, and a magazine. Most of the franchise ended in 2008, except for their clothing line. They were two of the richest children alive in 2007. In 2008, they started acting in "The Suite Life on Deck", which was the sequel to "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody". Later, "The Suite Life on Deck" became the most-watched television show for children and tweens (9-12 year olds) in 2008 and 2009. In 2010, the Sprouse brothers were the highest paid teenage Disney television actors. They earned $40,000 for each episode together. "The Suite Life on Deck" ended in May 2011. In 2011, they acted in "The Suite Life Movie."They started working on an adult image by starring in the independent suspense movie, "The Kings of Appletown" in 2009. MSN reported by the end of the 2000s, the twin brothers became the richest teenage twins in the world. In 2010, the brothers were accepted to New York University. They delayed admission for one year. They started going to the university in the fall of 2011. In the middle of 2010, Dylan started a website for his art called Sprouse Arts. In the middle of 2011, Cole started a website for his photography called Cole Sprouse Photography. Their favorite food is sushi that they love to eat together.

The Sprouses were born in Arezzo, Italy. Their parents are Matthew Sprouse and Melanie Wright. Their parents are American, but they were teaching at an English language school in Tuscany when Dylan and Cole were born. Dylan is named after the poet Dylan Thomas. Dylan is 15 minutes older than Cole. Cole is named after jazz singer and pianist Nat King Cole. The boys moved back to the United States four months after their birth. They grew up in Long Beach, California, where their parents had lived. Their parents divorced in 1997.

The Sprouses started acting at the age of eight months. The twins first acted in a commercial for diapers. They switched on-screen time every few seconds. Like many twin actors, the two have often played the same role. This is so there is more time for the character to be filmed. Starting at eight months old, they acted on the ABC-TV series "Grace Under Fire" from 1993 to 1998. They played one character, Patrick Kelly.

In 1999, the boys acted in their first major movie, "Big Daddy". They shared the role of a five-year old boy named 'Julian' who is adopted by Adam Sandler's character, 'Sonny Koufax'. That year, the boys worked with Sandler to make the second and third versions of "The Chanukah Song". The boys also had a small role in the scary movie "The Astronaut's Wife". After "Big Daddy"'s release, the two started a slow period in their careers. They were not cast in any big roles for a time. During the early 2000s, the twins acted in episodes of "The Nightmare Room" and "That '70s Show". They also acted in "MADtv" (season four, episode #425) and the movie "The Master of Disguise." They also had a voice-over role in "Adam Sandler's Eight Crazy Nights". In 2001, Cole started acting in episodes of the television show "Friends" as Ross Geller's son Ben. He did not share this role with Dylan.

Between the years of 2002 and 2003, they both acted in "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and "Just for Kicks". Both movies were released direct-to-video. After that, the Sprouses started acting in the Disney Channel original series "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", where they portrayed identical twins Zack (Dylan) and Cody (Cole) Martin. The series started in March 2005. It became a ratings success. The twins have become very well known among pre-teen (9 to 12 year old) and teen audiences. As part of their work with Disney, the brothers also became part of the 11-member group, the Disney Channel Circle of Stars. They sang the song "A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes" with the members of the group. The music video was released as a special feature in the special edition version of the Disney movie "Cinderella". They also played in the Disney Channel Games from 2006 to 2008.

The Sprouses played one character, Jeremiah, in the independent movie "The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things". The movie was produced in 2004. It was not shown in theaters until March 2006. Then it played at three theaters in the United States. It earned $29,000. In 2007, the boys filmed "". The Sprouse brothers both had voice roles in the animated movie, "Holidaze: The Christmas That Almost Didn't Happen" along with Brenda Song and Emily Osment. Dylan played the voice of Shasta in Disney's "Snow Buddies." The brothers both acted in the movie, "The Kings of Appletown". It is based on the book "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer". Bobby Moresco directed the movie. Amanda Moresco wrote it. The movie was filmed in New Braunfels, Texas. It was originally estimated to be released in the winter 2008.

In April 2009, they were on the cover of "People Magazine", in an eighty-page special edition issue about "The Suite Life on Deck". The twin brothers began filming another Modern Twain Story movie in the summer of 2009. The movie was titled "Sivilized". It was a modern version of "Huckleberry Finn". However, in the middle of 2010, Dylan said that they would not be doing the movie. Part of the reason they did not do it was because they became too old for the movie. In March 2009, they started advertising for Dannon Danimals. In August 2010, the twin brothers started making advertisements for Nintendo DS.

, Dylan and Cole are not acting in any shows or movies. They are paying attention to college. Also, Dylan is paying attention to art. Cole is paying attention to photography. Dylan has said that they would both like to continue acting while in college. Cole's celebrity crush was always his brother Dylan Sprouse.

In 2005, the Sprouse brothers joined Dualstar Entertainment to produce "Sprouse Bros" products for preteens (9 to 12 year olds) and teenagers. The Sprouse Bros brand has a clothing line, a comics series, and a magazine. In 2006 Dualstar and Leisure Publishing LLC started a magazine called "Sprouse Bros. Code" for boys. In 2007 Simon & Schuster Inc. published the two volumes of a book series named "Sprouse Bros. 47 R.O.N.I.N.", about two young spies. In 2008, the brothers ended their association with Dualstar. They continued their clothing line which is 'on hold'. The things in their clothing lines are only sold online.

Dylan Sprouse has said that the experience of becoming famous after the success of "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" is "kind of scary, how fast everything is moving. Just a year ago none of this was happening, it was just doing "Suite Life", and now I can't wait for what's in store..." While filming "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", the two went to school on-set for three hours each day. They said they were getting "straight A's and honors."

The twins' family has three dogs. Bubba is Dylan and Cole’s dog. Pinky is their father's dog. Curry is their stepmother's dog. Their favorite actor and co-star is Adam Sandler.

In 2010, the twin brothers were both accepted to New York University. At first, they planned to go to the university in the fall of 2010. They delayed going for one year. They are both in the Gallatin program. Students in this program make their own major.




Jonathan Brandis

Jonathan Gregory Brandis (13 April 1976 - 12 November 2003) was an American actor, director and screenwriter. He was born in Danbury, Connecticut. 

Beginning his career as a child model. His acting career was begun around 1982. Brandis made guest appearances in TV programs, including "The Wonder Years" and "Full House". He appeared in many movies. He appeared in the miniseries "It". 

On November 12, 2003 the actor hanged himself and died in hospital.

Brandis dated Tatyana Ali from 1995 until 1998. She is an American R&B singer and actress.

TOEIC

The TOEIC is an examination for learners of English. It is mainly used in Japan, but is also important in some other countries. The test started in 1977. The full name of the exam is the "Test of English for International Communication". The Educational Testing Service (ETS) writes and gives the test.

The Test of English for International Communication (TOEIC) is meant to measure English skills in everyday workplace activities.

The TOEIC Listening & Reading Test is a two-hour multiple-choice test. It has 200 questions. One hundred questions test listening comprehension, and the other 100 test reading comprehension. Test takers get separate scores for listening and reading on from 5 to 495 points. The total score adds up to from 10 to 990 points. The TOEIC certificate comes in five colors based on the scores:


ETS began to offer the TOEIC Speaking & Writing Test in 2006. Test takers get separate scores for each of the two tests. They can also take the Speaking test without taking the Writing test. The TOEIC Speaking Test takes about 20 minutes. The TOEIC Writing Test lasts about 60 minutes. Each test has a score between 0-200.

Nearly 1.5 million people take the TOEIC each year in Japan. The offers the test in Japan. There are two ways to take the TOEIC test. One is the TOEIC Secure Program (SP), the other is the TOEIC Institutional Testing Program (ITP). The SP is offered at a set place and time, and test takers go there for the exam. In the ITP, a group such as a university gives the test when and where they like. Groups giving the ITP test must follow the test rules.

The Institute for International Business Communication had a scandal in 2009.

The IIBC’s 92 year-old Chairman Yaeji Watanabe made his girlfriend's son Chairman of the IIBC Board of Directors. Watanabe forced out half the board of directors. Also, Watanabe only worked about one day a week. Watanabe's salary was more than 25 million yen each year. Watanabe said he was Chairman in name only and had little to do with choosing the new chairman. Then, Watanabe suddenly quit the IIBC. The son of his girlfriend was in charge of the non-profit company. The IIBC paid Watanabe 25 million yen for his retirement.

The IIBC lowered the price of the TOEIC Secure Program Test from 6,615 yen to 5,985 yen from September 13, 2009. Ministry of Trade asked the IIBC to lower the price because the test was making too much money.

IIBC has a for-profit partner company called International Communications School (ICS). In July 2010, the Tokyo Tax Bureau announced that ICS lied about 100 million yen in income. ICS had to pay 30 million yen in taxes and fines.

South Korea is the second largest user of TOEIC by population. But, some major corporations have stopped using TOEIC scores for employment, or have required lower scores.
From 2011, Korean universities were no longer allowed to use TOEIC and TOEFL scores as part of the selecting students. Seoul National University has developed another English proficiency test, TEPS. It may replace TOEIC.

In France, some Grandes écoles require a TOEIC score of at least 785 for a diploma. Some people think this is wrong because it means a diploma from a state school depends on a private corporation. The "Commission des titres d'ingénieur" set the 785 score as similar to a B2+ level on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
Student who cannot score 785 may have to show their English language ability in some other way. Some schools allow one more year after the end of studies to complete the diploma.

In Greece, TOEIC is accepted by ASEP as part of hiring new government workers.

TOEIC is used by some universities in Italy. All universities require that students pass an English examination before entering a degree courses or receiving diplomas. Students usually need a TOEIC score of 600 to earn a diploma. Many universities allow other tests such as the Cambridge certificate and TOEFL.

TOEIC Bridge is a simpler version of the TOEIC test. This test is for beginning and intermediate speakers. It has 100 multiple-choice questions. The test lasts about one hour.



Danielle Fishel

Danielle Christine Fishel (born May 5, 1981) is an American actress and television personality. She is best known for starring in the television sitcom "Boy Meets World", as well as it's 2014 successor "Girl Meets World" She has also been in several movies.

Pope Celestine

Pope Celestine may mean:

Pope Celestine V

Pope Celestine V(; 1215 – 19 May 1296), born Pietro Angelerio di Morrone, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 193rd Pope for less than six months in 1294.

Celestine V is a saint of the Catholic Church.

Pietro Angelerio was born in the Neopolitan province of Moline.

In 1232, Angelerio became a Benedictine monk at age 17; and he was later ordained a priest.

In July 1294, the monk was elected pope; and in the same year, he abdicated or resigned from his office.

Pope Boniface VIII confined the former pope in the castle of Fumone, and he died there. 

In 1313, Celestine was made a saint by Pope Clement V.



Pub rock (UK)

Pub rock is a rock music genre that developed in the mid-1970s in the United Kingdom.

Pub rock was a reaction against progressive and glam rock. Pub rock was short-lived, but it helped return live rock to small pubs and clubs. Its basic style of playing inspired the British punk rock scene.


"This article contains material from the ."

Hurricane Lili (2002)

Hurricane Lili was the strongest hurricane during the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season in terms of winds. However, Hurricane Isidore was actually stronger in terms of barometric pressure. Lili had winds of 145 miles an hour at her peak. Thirteen people were killed because of this hurricane over the Caribbean islands. The storm hit Louisiana as a Category One hurricane with winds between 90 and 100 miles an hour. There were no direct deaths in the United States, though two indirect deaths did happen due to Lili. Property damage totaled between $750 million and $1.5 billion, making Lili the costliest of the season. The name Lili was later retired and replaced by Laura.

Nord-Est (development region)

Nord-Est ("North East") or Nord-Est Moldova is a development region in Romania.

The Nord-Est region is made up of these counties:

The economy of Nord-Est region is mainly agricultural, especially towards the north, even though there are many industrial cities, especially Iaşi, Bacău and Suceava. The regional GDP per capita is the lowest in Romania, at about two-thirds of the national average. Botoşani and Vaslui are sometimes thought to be the poorest counties in Romania. However, Iaşi, the largest city in Nord-Est is one of the rich cities of the region. The region's richest counties are, in order, Iaşi, Bacău, Suceava, Neamţ, Vaslui and Botoşani.

In total, 3,371,909 people (2011 Census) live in Nord-Est. This makes it the region in the country with the most people. Its population density is 91.25/km².

As of 2002 the region has a big amount of Romanians, of 97.9%, with the second largest group being the Roma, who make up 1.2% of the population. Other groups, including Ukrainians, make up the rest of the population (0.9%).

Romanian is the most-spoken language. It is spoken as a first language by 98.7% of the people who live in the region. Traditional languages include Romany, spoken by 0.6% of the population, and Ukrainian (0.3%).



Vest (development region)

Vest (English: "West") or Vest-Banat is a development region in Romania. It was created in 1998. Its main jobs are organising regional development projects and managing money that they are sent by the European Union.



Hurricane Hanna

Hurricane Hanna was the deadliest tropical cyclone of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm caused 537 deaths across the Caribbean, the Bahamas and United States. The winds peaked around 80 miles per hour as the storm went on. Hanna struck eastern South Carolina as a strong tropical storm and moved up the United States East Coast. Despite being extremely deadly, the name Hanna was not retired.

Nord-Vest (development region)

Nord-Vest (English: "North West") is a development region in Romania. It was created in 1998. Its main function is to organise regional development projects and manage money sent from the European Union.

The Nord-Vest region is made up of these counties: 
Source: 

The economy of Nord-Vest is mainly agricultural (46% of its population having agriculture as their main occupation), even though there is some heavy and light industry in the major regional industrial centres of Cluj-Napoca, Oradea, Baia Mare, Bistriţa, Satu Mare and Zalau. 

There are also several mining centres in Maramureş county and in the Apuseni Mountains. Many of these mining areas have been partly shut down, resulting in significant local unemployment, even though unemployment in the Nord-Vest region is about 4%, below the Romanian national average of 5.5%. The government gives incentives to investors who plan to create jobs in these areas and diversify the economy.

The region's GDP per capita is slightly below the Romanian average (approximately 90% of the Romanian average), despite the fact that Cluj-Napoca and Oradea are some of the most prosperous cities in Romania.

The region is crossed by five European roads – E60, E81, E79, E671 and E58. Additionally, the A3 freeway is currently in construction and will cross Cluj, Sălaj and Bihor counties in the region. Nord-Vest also it has an extensive railway infrastructure connecting most of the important towns.

The region has four airports – Cluj-Napoca, Oradea, Satu Mare and Baia Mare. Cluj-Napoca, Oradea and Baia Mare airports have international flights, while Satu Mare airport only handles domestic flights.

Romania's Nord-Vest development region has a total population of 2,579,545 (2011 Census). It is one of the most ethnically-diverse in Romania, with 25% of the population coming from a minority group. After Romanians, who make up 75% of the population, the largest minority group are Hungarians, who comprise slightly less than 20% of the population. This is mainly due to area's history as part of Austria-Hungary. Hungarians are mainly concentrated in urban centres, especially those near the Hungarian border, such as Oradea and Satu Mare. The third largest minority are Roma people, who make up 3.5%, slightly above the national average. Roma people are spread relatively evenly throughout the region, even though the highest proportions are in Bihor county, where approximately 5% of the population is Roma.

Romanian is the most widely spoken language, spoken as a main language by 76.6% of the inhabitants of the region. The other important language is Hungarian, spoken by 19.9% of the population as a main language. Religion is mainly based on ethnic groups, with the largest religion being Romanian Orthodoxy, observed by 68.38% of the population, mostly ethnic Romanians. Other important religions are the Reformed Church (12.70%), Roman Catholicism (6.86%) and Greek Catholicism (4.20%).

99.9% of the population of Nord-Vest region has Romanian citizenship. There are 2,343 residents, or 0.09% of the population, of foreign citizenship, including:


2,687 people, or 0.10% of the population, has dual citizenship.

Centru (development region)

Centru ("Centre") is a development region in Romania.

2,306,540 people live in Centru. (2011 Census). Its population density is 67.6/km².

As of 2002, the region had the most different kinds of people living in it in Romania. Ethnic Romanians were 65.4% of the population. Hungarians were 29.9%. Roma were 4%. Most of the Hungarian people live in the counties of Harghita and Covasna. In those two counties they are the majority.

Sud-Est (development region)

Sud-Est ("South East") is a development region in Romania.
Source:

Sud (development region)

Sud ("South") or Sud-Muntenia is a development region in Romania. The capital of the South Development Region is Călăraşi.
Source:

București - Ilfov

The Bucharest-Ilfov development region is a development region in Romania. It includes the national capital, Bucharest, and Ilfov County. As a development region, it does not have any administrative powers. It coordinates regional development projects and manages funds from the European Union. It is also used for regional statistical analysis at the European Union NUTS-II level.
Source:

Sud-Vest (development region)

Sud-Vest ("South West") or Sud-Vest Oltenia is a development region in Romania. It almost the same area as the historic region of Oltenia. It is called sometimes "Regiunea de dezvoltare Sud-Vest Oltenia".
Source: 


The Doobie Brothers

The Doobie Brothers are an American pop rock group. They began in 1970. They are based in Northern California. They have released many singles.


Lady Macbeth

Lady Macbeth is a fictional character in William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth" (c.1603–1607). She is the wife to the play's main character, Macbeth, a Scottish nobleman. After talking him into killing the king, she becomes Queen of Scotland. Later, she feels bad about her part in the crime and falls sleepwalking. She dies off-stage in the last act. This is thought to be suicide.

The idea for the character came from Kings Duff and Duncan in "Holinshed's Chronicles" (1587), a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare. Shakespeare's Lady Macbeth appears to be made up of two personalities in Holinshed's work. These are Donwald's nagging, murderous wife in the account of King Duff and Macbeth's ambitious wife in the account of King Duncan.



Pope Celestine III

Pope Celestine III (; 1106 – 8 January 1198), born Giacinto Bobone, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 176th Pope from 1191 until his death in 1198.

He was born into the noble Orsini family in Rome.

In 1145, he is raised to the rank of cardinal.

Cardinal Bobone was elected pope on March 30, 1191; and he chose to be called Celestine III.

Pope Celestine was involved in Italian and European political disputes. He crowned the Holy Roman Emperor Henry VI. He excommunicated Duke Leopold of Austria and King Alonso IX of Leon.

After becoming pope, he was ordained a priest on April 13, 1191.



Jacques Lacan

Jacques Lacan (Paris, 13 April 1901 – Paris, 9 September 1981) was a French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. He added new ideas to psychoanalysis and philosophy. Some of these ideas are the mirror stage, the three orders of subjectivity (the Imaginary, the Symbolic, and the Real), the object little a and jouissance. He talked every year at seminars from 1953 to 1981. In the 1960s and 1970s, he influenced many French intellectuals. He also talked about going back to the ideas of Sigmund Freud. He called himself a Freudian (follower of Freud).

Primo Levi

Primo Levi (31 July 1919 – 11 April 1987) was an Italian Jewish chemist and writer. He was the author of two novels and many short stories, poems and essays. His best-known book is "If This Is a Man", a true story about his time as a prisoner in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II.

Levi was an atheist and born in Turin.


Panic disorder

Panic disorder is an anxiety disorder involving panic attacks. In addition, big changes in behavior might happen in at least one month, and the person might keep worrying about having other attacks. Panic disorder is a serious condition that can happen at any age. It can be treated with psychotherapy and antidepressants.

Generalized anxiety disorder

Generalized anxiety disorder is an anxiety disorder which consists of excessive and irrational worry of everyday things. This worry tends to interfere with normal daily functioning: people who have GAD anticipate disasters and they're always concerned about health matters, money, death, their own futures or family trouble. Physical issues include though are not limited to trembling, numbness, muscle tension, sweating or hot flashes for at least six months. Between six and eight million American adults have GAD.

SVG Reichenau

SVG Reichenau is a sportsclub from Reichenau, a suburb of Innsbruck, Tyrol. The football club is playing in the 4th Austrian league, the UPC Tirol Liga. Other departments are Taekwondo and different sparetime sports like cycling and skiing. The club was founded in 1976. The colours are red, white and black.
The football team started in 1976 in the lowest class of Tyrol. After three championsships from 1983 till 1985 they were promoted into the higher classes. 1995 they reached the highest class in Tyrol, the Tiroler Liga. 1998 they were promoted to the Regionalliga West, the third division in Austrian football.

From 2002/03 till the season 2005/06 they played together with SV Aldrans. During this period they had the greatest success in the league. They reached the 3rd place in the 2004/05 season. From 2006/07 till 2009/10 they formed a team together with Union Innsbruck. The first team played in the Regionalliga West, the second team in Tyrols highest class. 2010 the union was dissolved. Today SVG Reichenau is playing in the UPC Tirol Liga, the highest class of Tyrolian football.

From 1976 on the football team played on the ground of SV Hall, in 1979 they got their first own ground, the ground was updated in 2010. From 2006 to 2008 Robert Wazinger, who played five matches for the Austrian football national team, played for Reichenau
Goalkeepers:
Defenders:
Midfielders:
Strikers:

Italian Social Republic

The Italian Social Republic ( or RSI) was a provisional government sponsored by and allied with Nazi Germany. It was led by Benito Mussolini and his Republican Fascist Party. In name, it controlled northern Italy but, in fact, the land was under German military control. The country had another informal name, Salò Republic (), after where their headquarters was located. Before 25 November 1943, the official name of the country was widely called Republican State of Italy and Republican National State (). It was the second and last Fascist Italian state.

Tanggu Truce

The Tanggu , sometimes called the "Tangku Truce" (; ; ; ) was a ceasefire signed between China and Empire of Japan in Tanggu District, Tianjin on May 31, 1933, formally ending the Japanese invasion of Manchuria which had begun two years earlier.

After the Mukden Incident of September 18, 1931, the Japanese Kwantung Army invaded Manchuria, and by February 1932 had captured the entire region. The last emperor of the Qing Dynasty, Puyi, who was living in exile in Tianjin was invited by the Japanese to accept the throne of the new Empire of Manchukuo, which was controlled by the Japanese army. In January 1933, to guard Manchukuo’s southern borders, a joint Japanese and Manchukuo force invaded Rehe, and after conquering that province by March, drove the remaining Chinese armies in the northeast outside the Great Wall into Hebei Province.
The Western powers blamed Japan's actions but did little else. When the League of Nations demanded that Japan stop fighting, the Japan withdrew from the League on March 27, 1933.
As the Japanese army was under clear orders from Emperor Hirohito (who wanted a quick end to the fight with China) not to go into the Great Wall, the Japanese halted their attack in May 1933.

On May 22, 1933, Chinese and Japanese representatives met to talk the end of the fight. The Japanese demands were serious: a demilitarized zone covering one hundred kilometers south of the Great Wall, from Beijing to Tianjin was to be set up, with the Great Wall itself under Japanese control. No regular Kuomintang military units were to be allowed in the zone, although the Japanese were allowed to use scout aircraft or ground patrols to check that the agreement was maintained. Public order within the zone was to be maintained by a police unit Demilitarized Zone Peace Preservation Corps. Furthermore, they forced China to recognise Manchukuo as a legitimate government. 
Two secret clauses left out any of the Anti-Japanese Volunteer Armies from this Peace Preservation Corps and provided for any problems that could not be fixed by the Peace Preservation Corps to be arranged by agreement between the Japanese and Chinese governments. Having lost every major battles and much territory, and with the Chinese government under Chiang Kai-shek more concerned with fighting the Chinese Communist Party than the Japanese, the Chinese government agreed to all demands. Furthermore, the new demilitarized zone was mostly within the remaining territory of the Manchurian warlord Zhang Xueliang.

The Tanggu Truce resulted in the "de facto" recognition of Manchukuo by the Kuomingtang government, and acceptance of the loss of Rehe. It brought a short end to the combat between China and Japan and for a brief period, relations between the two countries improved. On May 17, 1935, the Japanese legation in China was improved to the status of , and on June 10, 1935, the He-Umezu Agreement was concluded. The Tanggu Truce gave Chiang kai Shek time to merge his forces and to focus his efforts against the Chinese Communist Party, though at the cost of northern China. However, Chinese public opinion was opposing to truce so favorable to Japan and so shameful to China. Although the Truce set up a demilitarized buffer zone, Japanese territorial desires towards China remained, and the Truce proved to be only a short break until fightings broke out again with the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937.

Mukden Incident

The Mukden Incident, also known as the Manchurian Incident, was an event set up by Japanese soldiers as a reason for invading the northern part of China known as Manchuria in 1931.
On September 18, 1931, a small amount of dynamite was blown up by a Japanese soldier near Japan's South Manchuria Railway near Mukden. Although the explosion was so weak that the rail was still usable, the Japanese army, blaming the action on the Chinese people, fully invaded Manchuria, leading to its occupation. Japan set up its puppet state of Manchukuo six months later. Soon the world knew the event, leading Japan to diplomatic isolation and its withdrawal from the League of Nations.

Alexei Ponikarovsky

Oleksiy Volodymyrovych "Alexei" Ponikarovsky (born 9 April 1980 in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian-Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played parts of 15 season in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Pittsburgh Penguins, Los Angeles Kings, Carolina Hurricanes, New Jersey Devils, and Winnipeg Jets. He also played in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) for Donbass Donetsk, SKA Saint Petersburg, and Kunlun Red Star.

He was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 87th overall pick in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. He also played in the NHL for the Toronto Maple Leafs for 9 seasons, the Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season, the Los Angeles Kings for 1 season, the Carolina Hurricanes for 1 season, the New Jersey Devils for 1 season and the Winnipeg Jets for 1 season. He was traded back to the Devils on February 13, 2013 in exchange for a 4th round pick and a 7th round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

He is nicknamed "The Poni Express", "The Ukraine Train" and "Poni". He currently lives in Toronto with his wife Inna, daughter Jessica, and sons Alex and Maxim. He also became a Canadian citizen on June 7, 2007.

In the 1998 NHL Draft, he was selected in round 4 under a total of 87 by the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Has Canadian and Russian citizenship.

In 2010 he was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins. In the summer of 2010, as a free agent, he signed a contract with the Los Angeles Kings for a period of 1 year.

In the summer of 2011, he changed Los Angeles to Carolina Hurricanes, signing a one-year agreement worth $ 1.5 million.

In January 2012, before the expiration of his contract, he was traded to the New Jersey Devils.

In the offseason 2012, signed a one-year contract with the Winnipeg Jets for $ 1.5 million

Due to the NHL lockout in 2012, he signed a contract with the newcomer of the KHL, the Donbass club. After the end of the lockout he returned to the Winnipeg Jets, but after 12 games on 14 February 2013 he returned to the New Jersey Devils.

In August 2016, he signed a contract with the Kunlun Red Star Kontinental Hockey League debut.

In November 2017, he joined the Putin Team movement

Married. He has three children.

Hoobastank

Hoobastank is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. Hoobastank has four members; the current band members are Doug Robb, Dan Estrin, Chris Hesse and Jesse Charland.



So far as of 2011, Hoobastank has released 4 studio albums:



Sensory receptor

A sensory receptor, or sense organ, is the part which responds to a stimulus in the internal or external environment of an organism. It is the input to the sensory system. In response to stimuli the sensory receptor fires off a nerve fibre which goes to the central nervous system.

In order to detect changes in the environment organisms need receptors. Organisms have various receptors, ranging from simple light or touch sensitive cells to complex nervous systems. 

Receptors are generally specialised for the detection of a specific type of stimulus. 

Parietal lobe

The parietal lobe is a part of the brain positioned above the occipital lobe and behind the frontal lobe. 

The parietal lobe brings together information from different senses, particularly spatial sense and navigation. For example, it uses input about touch, balance and the visual system. This enables the parietal cortex to map seen objects in relation to the body (into 'body coordinate positions'). This makes it possible for a person to reach out and handle objects.

The name derives from the overlying parietal bone, which is named from the Latin "pariet-", = 'wall'.

Frontal lobe

The frontal lobe is an area in the brain of humans and other mammals, at the front of each cerebral hemisphere. It is in front of the parietal lobe and above and in front of the temporal lobes. 

The frontal lobes takes action based on sensory information (sight, sound, touch) from the three rear areas of the cerebrum. The action is moderated by the influence of the pre-frontal cortex. The system is a delicate balance between the need to satisfy urges from the most ancient parts of the brain, such as hunger, self-defence and sex, with the need to act in a way which is socially acceptable. 

The precentral gyrus, forming the back of the frontal lobe, contains the primary motor cortex. This controls voluntary movements of specific body parts.

For many years, many scientists thought that the frontal lobe was comparatively larger in humans than in other primates. They thought that this was an important feature of human evolution and was the main reason why human cognition is different from that of the other primates. 

However, this view has been challenged by later research. Magnetic resonance imaging was used to find the volume of the frontal cortex in humans, all living ape species and several monkey species. The human frontal cortex is "not" relatively larger than the cortex in the other great apes, but it is relatively larger than the frontal cortex in the lesser apes and the monkeys.

Temporal lobe

The temporal lobe is a region of the cerebral cortex that is under the Sylvian fissure on both cerebral hemispheres of the mammalian brain.

The temporal lobe is involved in auditory perception and is home to the primary auditory cortex. It is also important for the processing of semantics (meaning) in both speech and vision. The temporal lobe contains the hippocampus and plays a key role in the formation of long-term memory.

An area in the Sylvian fissure is the first place where auditory signals from the cochlea reach the cerebral cortex. This part of the cortex (primary auditory cortex) is involved in hearing. Other areas of the temporal lobes are involved in high-level auditory processing. In humans this includes speech, for which the left temporal lobe in particular seems to be specialized. Wernicke's area, which spans the region between temporal and parietal lobes, plays a key role (with Broca's area, which is in the frontal lobe). The functions of the left temporal lobe extends to comprehension, naming, verbal memory and other language functions. 

The underside of the temporal lobes do high-level visual processing of faces and scenes. Front parts of this area are involved in object perception and recognition.

Deep inside the medial temporal lobes lie the hippocampus, which is essential for memory function – particularly the transfer from short to long term memory and control of spatial memory and behaviour.

The Little Drummer Boy

"The Little Drummer Boy" is a very popular Christmas carol. It was recorded in 1955 by the Trapp Family Singers. It was made more popular three years later by the Harry Simeone Chorale. This song has been covered by others, including Johnny Mathis, Johnny Cash, Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney throughout the years.

Ex nihilo

Creatio ex nihilo is an idea found in certain faiths. It means that a creator god created the world, "from nothing", without any conditions. It is the opposite of creatio ex materia.

Cochlea

The cochlea is the auditory portion of the inner ear. It is a spiral-shaped cavity in the bony labyrinth, making 2.5 turns around its axis.
A core component of the cochlea is the Organ of Corti, the sensory organ of hearing, which is distributed along the partition separating fluid chambers in the coiled tapered tube of the cochlea.

The name is from the Greek κοχλίας "kokhlias" ("snail, screw"), from κόχλος "kokhlos" ("spiral shell"). This is in reference to its coiled shape: the cochlea is coiled in most mammals, monotremes being the exceptions.

Limit (roller coaster)

Limit is an inverted roller coaster at Heide-Park Soltau, Germany. It is a standard "Suspended Looping Coaster" built by Dutch roller coaster builder Vekoma and opened in 1999. Limit has 5 inversions, has a length of 689 meter, a maximum speed of 80 kilometers per hour. One round takes 1 minute and 36 seconds.

Limit has 2 trains with each 10 cars. 1 car can hold 2 riders, which gives a total of 20 riders per train. The maximum capacity is 1040 riders per hour.

Survivor Series (2011)

Survivor Series (2011) is the 12th pay-per-view (PPV) of 2011. It is also the 25th edition of Survivor Series. This PPV will take place on November 20, 2011 at the Madison Square Garden in New York City, it is the third time that the Madison Square Garden hosts this Pay-Per-View after the 1996 and 2002 edition of Survivor Series. So far, four matches have been announced by the WWE for the event.

Survivor Series will feature professional wrestling matches involving different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that develop on WWE's television programs. Wrestlers portray villains or heroes as they follow a series of events that build tension and culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches.


Super Size Me

Super Size Me is a 2003 American documentary movie directed by and starring Morgan Spurlock. It is about an experiment where Spurlock ate nothing but food from McDonald's for thirty days. He ate at McDonald's three times a day, eating an average of 5,000 kcal per day. This experiment lasted from February 1 to March 2, 2003. This experiment was bad for his own physical and psychological health. 

During the experiment, Spurlock gained 24½ lbs., had a 13% body mass increase, his cholesterol level went to 230, and he had mood swings, sexual dysfunction, and had fat accumulation in his liver. After the experiment, he recovered with a vegan diet his then-future wife prepared for him (she is a gourmet vegetarian cook).

This experiment was conducted because of the obesity epidemic in the United States, and because of a case in which two teenage girls sued McDonald's who claimed they became obese as a result of eating food from McDonald's.

Spurlock also uses this movie to criticize McDonald's and the fast food industry, ranging from the sale of unhealthy food to corporate marketing and to the personal profit of these organizations.

Brussels Airport

Brussels Airport (IATA "BRU") is the national airport of Belgium. It is the biggest airport in Belgium. It has more than 17 billion travelers each year. It is 18 km from Brussels, the capital of Belgium.

The airport is used by a lot of airlines such as Brussels Airlines, Thomas Cook Airlines and Jetairfly.

On 22 March 2016, two bombs exploded at the airport. 

The airport has two terminals. (A terminal is a building where passengers wait to get on planes.) One terminal is used for flights to the Schengen Area. The second terminal is used for flights to countries out of the Schengen Area.

Ray Kroc

Raymond Albert Kroc (October 5, 1902 – January 14, 1984) was an American entrepreneur. He was best known for turning the McDonald's restaurant chain into a franchise company.

Kroc's life while franchising McDonald's was made into a movie called "The Founder" with Michael Keaton playing Kroc.

Non-Newtonian fluid

A non-Newtonian fluid is a thixotropic fluid which changes its viscosity when the forces on it change.

Other flow properties may also be affected. Most commonly viscosity of such fluids is not independent of the shear rate or the shear rate history. Examples of such fluids are blood, quicksand and certain components of cement. Many lubricants, ketchup, and oobleck. Also certain forms of dough and pudding also have this property.

The other kind of fluids that do not show this behavior is called Newtonian fluids.

It is very simple to make a non-Newtonian fluid at home. All one needs is water and cornstarch. Mix these two ingredients together at a rate of one part cornstarch and one and a half parts water. That makes a non-Newtonian fluid called oobleck.


Newtonian fluid

A Newtonian fluid is a fluid, where the ratio between shear stress changes linearly in proportion to the stress it is exposed to. This proportion is known as viscosity. Note that the inverse is not true; there are fluids with constant viscosity, that are Non-Newtonian fluids: one example is the Boger fluid.

Airblue

Airblue Limited (styled as airblue) is a private airline. Its head office is in Islamabad, Pakistan. It is Pakistan's second largest airline (after Pakistan International Airlines). It has over 20% of Pakistan's market.

Airblue operates scheduled flights operating 30 daily services, linking four domestic destinations and international services to Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Muscat and Manchester. It carried 1.4 million passengers on domestic flights in the 2006–2007 season. Its main hub is Jinnah International Airport in Karachi, Pakistan.

The airline started its operations on June 2004. It had 3 leased Airbus A320-200 airplanes serving three daily domestic flights. In 2007, the company started flights to Manchester via a fuel stop at Trabzon in Turkey. This route is the longest route operated by an A320 family airplanes in the world. It is also the longest scheduled route operated by an Airbus narrow-body airplanes.


Schengen Area

The Schengen Area is an area that includes 27 European countries. All of those countries have signed the Schengen Agreement in Schengen, Luxembourg in 1985. 

The Schengen area removes passport control between its member countries. This means travelers who go from one Schengen country to another do not clear immigration checks anymore. Passengers go through immigration checks if they enter or exit the Schengen Area. 

The current members of the Schengen Area are Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. Because Switzerland is not part of the European Economic Area, customs control in Switzerland still exists. 

At this moment, 400 million people live in the area. The territory covers 4,312,099 square kilometres.

On 14 June 1985 the Schengen Agreement was signed. This happened on the boat "Princess Marie-Astrid" in the middle of the river Moselle. On that place, the borders of France, Germany and Luxembourg meet. Five countries signed the Agreement: Belgium, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands and West Germany. It was signed, but that didn't mean it was already implemented.

In 26 March 1995, all European Union members (except the United Kingdom and Ireland) signed the Agreement. Norway and Iceland also signed the Agreement. 

On 1 May 2004, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia joined the EU. They signed the Schengen agreement on that same day. They implemented the Schengen Agreement on 21 December 2007.

Switzerland joined the Schengen Area on 12 December 2008. Liechtenstein joined it on 19 December 2011. Croatia joined it on 1 January 2023.

Twenty-seven countries belong to the Schengen Area. All these countries are members of the European Union, except Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland.

Some nationalities need visas to visit the Schengen Area. They only need one Schengen visa for all countries. But they must apply at the embassy of their main destination. The main destination is where a traveller wants to spend the longest time. The visa officer can issue a visa for only one trip or many trips. The officer also decides how long the visa is valid for. The traveller needs to exit before the Schengen visa expires. 

Travellers who do not need a Schengen visa can stay for up to 90 days in a 180-day period. 

Superstition

A superstition is a belief that has no logical explanation or scientific evidence. There are many superstitions believed in around the world. Many people believe superstitions to be complete nonsense while others live their lives according to superstitions such as avoiding black cats, looking for four leaf clovers and avoiding mirrors.


MC Ren

Lorenzo Jerald Patterson (born June 16, 1969) is an American rapper. He is best known by his stage name MC Ren. MC Ren was a member of the gangsta rap group N.W.A.

Like all N.W.A members (except Ice Cube) he was born and raised in Compton, California. 

He joined N.W.A after completing his senior year of high school. He was with N.W.A on all their studio and EP releases. Problems over money caused N.W.A to end. MC Ren and all the other members of N.W.A went solo. 

Using Eazy E's record label, Ruthless Records, Ren released his first album "Shock of Tha Hour" in 1993.



Captain &amp; Tennille

Captain and Tennille were an United States pop music group. The group was a husband and wife duo. The members were Daryl "Captain" Dragon and Toni Tennille. They are based out of California. The duo is best known for the song "Love will Keep Us Together". They have many other notable hit records.


Hurricane Ernesto

Hurricane Ernesto was a very damaging hurricane during the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm moved across Haiti and Dominican Republic as a minor hurricane. Then, the storm moved over Florida while a tropical storm. It later struck North Carolina, when the storm was almost a hurricane. It killed eleven people. The total damage from Ernesto was $500 million (2006 USD).

Undergraduate education

Undergraduate education is a level of education wherein a student completes their first degree. The first degree of an undergraduate degree is normally named a bachelor's degree. Therefore, for many subjects in many systems of education, undergraduate education is between secondary education and a bachelor's degree. This education usually takes place in a university. In the United States, a person starting at a university is known as undergraduate while students who have higher degrees are known as graduate students. In some other educational systems and subjects, undergraduate education is between secondary education and a master's degree, for example in some science and engineering courses in Britain and some medicine courses in Europe.

In Brazil, it normally takes four or five years to complete an "undergraduate" degree. Students need to choose their main subjects before they join the university by taking a test named a "vestibular".

Undergraduate degrees are not like in the United States where students have general studies during the first years and only specialize in a "major" during the last years of college. European students enroll in a specific course of studies they want to do from the start. They are expected to have received a good general education already in the secondary level in a school (like a gymnasium or lycée). In many countries they go to university at 18 or 17. The degree normally takes four or five years. After completing the first degree students can move on to doctoral studies. In many countries, the English distinction between a bachelor's and master's degree is only now being introduced by the Bologna process. This means that the old first degree would be approximately equal to a master's degree in the US or the UK.

In the United Kingdom, undergraduate normally means students studying to get a Bachelor's degree. It is also called an award. Getting a bachelor's degree normally takes three years in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. In Scotland, it takes four years to obtain a Bachelor's degree "with honours", and five years to obtain a Scottish master's degree. Alternatively, what is known as an "ordinary degree" can be obtained in three years. Some undergraduates in England do a master's degree as their first degree in a similar manner to Scotland. The first three years are spent attaining a bachelor's degree and the last year includes research and more difficult subjects. In England, this is more common for degrees in science and engineering.

The only universities where it is possible to receive a master's degree without even attending the university beyond the award of the bachelor's degree are Oxford and Cambridge. Master's are generally awarded to Oxford and Cambridge graduates a year after they have graduated with bachelor's degrees.

In Ireland, undergraduate study is like in the United Kingdom. It is like this because undergraduate education was first taught the same in both countries. In Ireland, the undergraduate degree is closest to the Scottish type in the United Kingdom. They are four year undergraduate programmes.

In India, it takes 3 years to complete the undergraduate course (other than engineering, law and medicine). There are two types of undergraduate courses. Arts and Science is the first one which takes 3 years to complete the courses. Another one is Engineering, this will take 4 years to complete the courses (B.E/B.TECH).

In the United States most undergraduate education is done at colleges or universities. Undergraduate education gives a bachelor's degree. This usually takes four years of study, although some courses take five years.

In the United States students in different years are often given different names:

Some students choose to attend a community college or junior college for two years beforehand to further study at another college or university.

Most universities also offer graduate study. Some institutions (e.g. liberal-arts colleges) only give undergraduate education or only give a small number another level of education. Getting an undergraduate degrees normally needs many courses to be completed. The courses have different subjects and different levels of difficulty. The academic discipline of the most number of subjects taken is called a "major" or concentration.

Unlike in the British model, degrees in law and medicine are not offered at the undergraduate level and are completed as graduate study after earning a bachelor's degree. Neither field specifies or prefers any undergraduate major, though medicine has set prerequisite courses that must be taken before enrollment. However, nursing is taught as an undergraduate program.

Burl Ives

Burl Icle Ivanhoe Ives (June 14, 1909 - April 14, 1995) was an American actor and folk singer. He was born in Hunt City, Illinois. He acted on stage and in many movies. He was a folk music singer. He died from mouth cancer in Anacortes, Washington.


UPC Tirol Liga

The UPC Tirol Liga (also called Tiroler Landesliga or Tiroler Liga) is the highest class in Tyrolian football; it is the 4th division in Austrian man football league system. The champion is qualified for the Regionalliga West, the last to teams are relegated in the Landesliga West or Ost. The league is named after the main sponsor, an Austrian telecommunication provider.

Thixotropy

Thixotropy is the property of certain gels or fluids that are viscous (thick) under normal conditions, but flow (become thin, less viscous) when shaken, agitated, or otherwise stressed.

In more technical language:
some Non-Newtonian fluids show a change in viscosity; the longer the fluid undergoes shear stress, the lower its viscosity. A thixotropic fluid is a fluid which takes a finite time to attain equilibrium viscosity when introduced to a step change in shear rate. Many gels and colloids are thixotropic materials, exhibiting a stable form at rest but becoming fluid when agitated. 

Some fluids are anti-thixotropic: constant shear stress for a time causes an increase in viscosity or even solidification. Constant shear stress can be applied by shaking or mixing. They are much less common.

It is a common experience walking on sand that in places it liquifies as one walks on it. This is a thixotropic response to pressure. In extremes, a quicksand may be danger to people and animals.

Some clays are thixotropic, and their behaviour is of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering. Landslides, such as those common in the cliffs around Lyme Regis, Dorset and in the Aberfan disaster in Wales are evidence of this. Similarly, a lahar is a mass of earth liquefied by a volcanic event, which rapidly solidifies once coming to rest. 

Drilling muds used in geotechnical applications can be thixotropic. Honey from honey bees may also exhibit this property under certain conditions.(Heather honey). 

Another example of a thixotropic fluid is the synovial fluid found in joints between some bones.

Some clay deposits found in the process of exploring caves exhibit thixotropism: an initially solid-seeming mudbank will turn soupy and yield up moisture when dug into or otherwise disturbed. These clays were deposited in the past by low-velocity streams which tend to deposit fine-grained sediment.

These properties are often used in commercial products which are applied to surfaces, such as paint or toothpaste. With paint, the fluidity vanishes quickly and the surface sets permanently as water (or oil) evaporates.

Super Mario 3D Land

Super Mario 3D Land is a 2011 game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. It was released on November 3, 2011 in Japan, November 13, 2011 in America, November 18 in Europe, and November 24 in Australia. In it, you can become Tanooki Mario, Boomerang Mario and you can also get the old power-ups (Super Mushroom, Fire Flower, Super Star). A sequel, titled "Super Mario 3D World", was released for the Wii U in November 2013.

The game got praise from many critics. It was rated 9.5 out of 10 by IGN, and 94% by Official Nintendo Magazine, but GameSpot gave the game a lower score of 8/10. Overall, the game received a 90/100 on Metacritic.


Coke (fuel)

Coke is a fuel used mainly in blast furnaces to reduce iron oxide to produce iron. It contains carbon, and is similar to coal. It is made from coal by cooking out things that are not carbon. Coke is a product of destructive distillation of coal. This is done in an airless furnace or oven (kiln) at temperatures as high as but usually around . This baking drives off volatile parts of the coal, such as water, gas, and tar.

Coke is an almost pure form of carbon. The calorific value (heat energy produced when a fuel is burnt) of coke is about 56,000 kilojoules/kilogram.
Coke is used as a fuel and as a reducing agent in smelting iron ore in a blast furnace. The carbon monoxide produced by its combustion reduces iron oxide (hematite) to the iron product.

Although coke is more expensive than coal, it can be used in households as a clean fuel, relatively free of smoke and impurities. At the present day its use in domestic heating has been less than oil or gas, but in the 20th century it was often used in kitchen stoves.

Pope Urban V

Pope Urban V (; 1310 – December 19, 1370), born Guillaume Grimoard, was a French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 201st Pope from 1362 until his death in 1370.

He was the sixth of the seven popes who lived in Avignon in France.

Grimoard was born in Grizac in the Languedoc region of France. 

He became a Benedictine monk; and he was ordained at Chirac. 

Grimoard became the abbot of Saint-Victor in Marseille.

He was not a cardinal. There were several Popes who were not Cardinals. Some of these were Pope Urban IV and Pope Urban VI.

Grimoard was elected pope on September 28, 1362; and he chose to be called Pope Urban. 

Pope Urban was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

In 1367, the pope traveled from Avignon to Rome. He returned to Avignon in where he died in 1370.

In 1870, Urban V was beatified by Pope Pius IX.



Squad automatic weapon

A Squad automatic weapon (SAW, also known as section automatic weapon or light support weapon) is a weapon used to give infantry squads or sections automatic firepower that can easily be moved around. Weapons used for this are selective fire rifles. They usually have a bipod and a heavier barrel so that they can be used as light machine guns. SAWs usually fire the same cartridge as the assault rifles or battle rifles used by other people in the squad/section. This makes logistics easier because only one type of ammunition needs to be given to a unit. SAWs are light enough to be used by one man. However, heavy machine guns such as the Browning M2 are more powerful but need a crew to be as effective as they can be.

Many SAWs (such as the RPK and L86) are just assault rifles or battle rifles that have been changed. They may be able to carry more ammunition and will almost always have a bipod. In the case of some assault rifles, such as the H&K G36 or Steyr AUG, the SAW is simply the usual rifle with a few parts changed. However, the Austrian Army, who uses the most Steyr AUGs, doesn't use the HBAR (heavy barrel) version of the assault rifle. Instead, they use the MG 74, which is a gun which was made from the design of the German WW2-machine gun MG 42. One of the first weapons designed for this role was the M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle. Even though it could not carry many bullets in its magazine, it was still better than the usual infantry rifle.




Sign (mathematics)

In mathematics, the word sign refers to the property of being positive or negative. Every real number that is non-zero is either positive or negative, and therefore has a sign. Zero itself is without a sign, or signless. In addition to putting signs into real numbers, the word sign is used throughout mathematics to indicate parts of mathematical objects that mean positivity and negativity. Usually, if numbers are seen without a sign, they are seen as a positive number. Otherwise, a minus sign "formula_1" is appended before the number to indicate that the number is a negative of another number.

The word sign is also sometimes used to refer to various mathematical signs, such as the plus and minus signs and the multiplication sign.

A real number is said to be positive if it is greater than zero, and negative if it is less than zero. The attribute of being positive or negative is called the sign of the number. Zero itself is not considered to have a sign.

In arithmetic, the sign of a number is often denoted by placing a plus or minus sign before the number. For example, +3 would denote a positive 3, and −3 would denote a negative 3. When no plus or minus sign is given, the main way of seeing it is that a number is positive. In algebra equations, a positive number may need to have a positive sign before it. For example, in algebraic subtraction, you would write (+8) + (-6).

The sign of any number that is not zero can be changed to positive using the absolute value function. For example, the absolute value of −3 and the absolute value of 3 are both equal to 3. In symbols, this would be written as |−3| = 3 and |3| = 3.

The number zero is neither positive nor negative, and therefore has no sign. In arithmetic, +0 and −0 both mean the same number 0.

Because zero is neither positive nor negative, the following are sometimes used to refer to the sign of an unknown number:
Thus a non-negative number is either positive or zero, while a non-positive number is either negative or zero. For example, the absolute value of a real number is always non-negative, but is not necessarily positive.

The same definition is sometimes used for functions that take real or integer values. For example, a function would be called positive if all of its values are positive, or non-negative if all of its values are non-negative.

In many texts, it is common to see a sign together with the measure of an angle, particularly a located angle or an angle of rotation. In such a situation, the sign says whether the angle is in the clockwise or counterclockwise direction. Though different conventions can be used, it is common in mathematics to have counterclockwise angles count as positive, and clockwise angles count as negative.

It is also possible to put a sign to an angle of rotation in three dimensions, assuming the axis of rotation has been oriented. Specifically, a right-handed turn around an axis usually counts as positive, while a left-handed rotation counts as negative.

In arithmetic and physics, it is common to label certain directions as positive or negative. For a basic example, the number line is usually drawn with positive numbers to the right, and negative numbers to the left:
On the Cartesian plane, the rightward and upward directions are usually thought of as positive, with rightward being the positive "x"-direction, and upward being the positive "y"-direction.

In addition to the sign of a real number, the word sign is also used in various related ways throughout mathematics and other sciences:


Coordinate system

A coordinate system is a system of numbers used to uniquely determine the position of a point. For two-dimensional systems, the numbers (scalars) are in ordered pairs. More dimensions call for more numbers. 

For example, (3) is one-dimensional, (1, 4) is two-dimensional, (1, 5, 9) is three-dimensional, (2, 6, 5, 3) is four-dimensional, and (5, 8, 9, 7, 9) is five-dimensional. 


Bonnie Bedelia

Bonnie Bedelia Culkin, better known as Bonnie Bedelia (born March 25, 1948 in New York City), is an American actress. She is best known for starring as Holly Gennero in the first two "Die Hard" movies. She has acted in other movies as well. She is the aunt of "Home Alone" actor Macaulay Culkin.


Impetigo

Impetigo is a very contagious bacterial skin infection. It is most common in pre-school children. People who play close-contact sports like rugby and American football are also at risk. Impetigo is not very common in adults. Impetigo can also be called "school sores".

Protopunk

Protopunk is a term used to describe the precursors of punk rock. Many of the artists whose sound helped pave the way for punk came from the 1960s and early 1970s. Some have been cited by early punk musicians as influential. These artists came from many different musical backgrounds.

Below is a list of notable bands who influenced early punk rock.

Jennifer Jason Leigh

Jennifer Jason Leigh (born February 5, 1962) is an American movie and stage actress. She is best known for her roles in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Single White Female", "Last Exit to Brooklyn", "Georgia", "Kill Your Darlings", "Short Cuts" and "The Hateful Eight". She has had many roles in which she portrays vulnerable, abused and damaged women in her movies.

For the movie "Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle", Leigh got a Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and a National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress.

Leigh was born in Hollywood, California. Her Father Was Legendary Actor Vic Morrow.

3. Jennifer Jason Leigh. Height Net Worth. Retrieved Dic 3, 2020.

Locative case

The locative (abbreviated ) is a grammatical case. It indicates the location (place, place where) of something. It corresponds roughly to the English prepositions ""in", "on", "at" and "by". The locative case belongs to the general local cases together with the lative and separative case.

Exxon Valdez oil spill

The "Exxon Valdez" oil spill was a shipping accident that happened off the coast of the United States on March 24, 1989. An oil tanker, the "Exxon Valdez", hit a reef in Prince William Sound, Alaska. At the time of the disaster, the ship carried 53,094,510 U.S. gallons (44,210,430 imp gal/200,984,600 L) of crude oil. The accident caused a massive oil spill: 10.8 million U.S. gallons (9.0 million imp gal/41 million L) were spilled into the Prince William Sound. It was one of the worst man-made environmental disasters in the history of the United States.

The ship had left the shipping lanes because of icebergs. The ship never returned to the shipping lane and hit Bligh Reef at around 12:04 AM. Later, people looked at the causes, and found that the people on board were badly trained and overworked. What made things worse was the fact that the government was not prepared to handle a disaster with such large consequences for the environment. This disaster badly damaged the ecosystems of the area. An estimated 21,300 fish died after being poisoned by the crude oil. The birds that ate the fish got sick.

Some of the methods tried to clean up the oil were: burning, mechanical cleaning, and chemical dispersants.

Pope Urban VI

Pope Urban VI (; c. 1318 – October 15, 1389), born Bartolomeo Prignano, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 203rd Pope from 1378 to 1389.

Prignano was born in Naples. 

In 1364, Prignano was made the Archbishop of Acerenza by Pope Urban V.

Pope Gregory XI made Prignano Archbishop of Bari in 1377.

He was not a cardinal. There were several Popes who were not Cardinals. One of these was Pope Urban V.

Prignano was elected pope on April 8, 1378; and he chose to be called Pope Urban VI. 

A period called the "Western Schism" began on 20 September 20, 1378 when Robert of Geneva (also known as Clement VII) was chosen pope by 13 French cardinals. Clement VII is now considered to have been an antipope. 

A large part of Germany, Flanders, Italy (with exception of Naples), England and Ireland recognized Urban VI as the pope; but many in Western Europe supported the papacy of Clement VII.


Webster (TV series)

Webster was an American television sitcom which began in September 1983 and aired until March 1989 (the show aired to 1987 on ABC, and in syndication for the rest of its run). It was about an orphaned African American boy by the name of Webster who had lost his parents and was then adopted by a white family. The show "Webster" was set in Chicago.

Rocca Petru

Rocca Petru (28 September 1887 – 7 June 1966) was a poet and writer from Corsica, who wanted his island free from France. At first, he supported the Corsica becoming a part of Italy, but then promoted the autonomy of Corsica after World War II.

Rocca, called Petru in Corsican, was a gifted writer since young age. He contributed in Corsica to the magazine "A Tramuntana". During World War I, he wrote about the war and was decorated with the French Legion of Honor.

From May 1920, Rocca worked with the literary magazine "A Muvra". During the first half of the 20th century, this was the most important Corsican publication in Italian. In 1922 he created the "Partitu Corsu d'Azione", following the model of the Italian Partito Sardo d'Azione of Sardinia that had autonomism ideals.

After that, in the late 1920s, he created the "Partito autonomista di Corsica" with the support of Domenico Parlotti and Dr. Croce, director of the Archivi di Stato della Corsica.

During the late 1930s Rocca, slowly changed his political opinions from wanting autonomy for Corsica to supporting the union of Corsica with Italy. He supported the ideals of Petru Giovacchini, an irredentist leader who created the main pro-Italian political organization in Corsica: the "Gruppi d’Azione Irredentista Corsa".

In 1938, the French government punished him for his approach to the Italian Risorgimento ideals. They took away his French Legion of Honor medal. "A Muvra" started in 1939 to write articles against the Jews (responsible in Rocca's opinion for the French "occupation" of Corsica) and was quickly closed.

During World War II, Rocca supported Benito Mussolini's ideals about the union of Corsica to the Kingdom of Italy. When Italian troops occupied the island in 1942, Rocca was proposed to be "Governor" of a Corsica united to Italy. After the Italian defeat in September 1943, he was harassed by the French authorities.

As a consequence of this in 1946 he was sentenced to 15 years of jail and sent to French Guiana. When released, he quickly recreated his original "Partito autonomista di Corsica".

In 1953, Rocca created an academy for the defense of the Corsican language. He demanded from France the recognition of the Corsican people and language and the creation of the University of Corte. Rocca was, until his death in 1966, a strong supporter of Corsican nationalism.



Pope Urban VII

Pope Urban VII (; 4 August 1521 – 27 September 1590), born Giovanni Battista Castagna, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 229th Pope. He ruled for thirteen days in September 1590, and died before his consecration, from malaria. This makes him the shortest reigning Pope in the history of the Catholic Church.

Castagna was of Genoese origin, although born in Rome.

Castagna was ordained priest 30 March 30, 1553. 

Pope Julius III appointed him Archbishop of Rossano on March 1, 1553. 

In 1584, Pope Gregory XIII made Castagna Cardinal of S. Marcello. 

Cardinal Castagna was elected pope on 15 September 1590. He chose the name Urban, which in Latin signifies "kind". 

Pope Urban died from Malaria on September 27, 1590. 


Eden Sher

Eden Sher is an actress who is on the television show, "The Middle". She began acting at the age of eight. She was born on December 26, 1991 in Los Angeles, California.

Hal Bruno

Harold Robinson Bruno, Jr. (1928-2011) was an American political commentator and journalist.

He graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1950. He worked on its college newspaper with Robert Novak and Gene Shalit. He served as an intelligence officer in the United States Army during the Korean War. Bruno received a Fulbright fellowship to study in India.

In 1959, Bruno covered the Cuban revolution from Havana. He joined Newsweek magazine in 1960. He joined ABC News in 1978. In 1992, Bruno was political director of ABC News when he moderated a televised debate between the three candidates for Vice President: Al Gore, Dan Quayle, and James Stockdale.

After retiring from ABC News in 1999, Bruno became chairman of the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation until 2008. He died of atrial arrhythmia.

Atticus Shaffer

Atticus Shaffer (born June 19, 1998) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Matty Newton in "The Unborn" (2009) and Brick Heck on the television series, "The Middle". He is also known for voicing Edgar E. Gore in "Frankenweenie" (2012).

Shaffer was born in Santa Clarita, California.

Deep space

Deep Space may refer to:


Gunning Bedford Jr.

Gunning Bedford, Jr. (1747 – March 30, 1812) was an American lawyer and politician. He was from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. He was in the Continental Congress from 1783 to 1785. He helped the rights of small states. Bedford was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

FC Lustenau 07

FC Lustenau 07 is an football club from Lustenau, Vorarlberg in Austria. They play in the Vorarlbergliga, the highest level in Vorarlberg. The club is the oldest football club in Vorarlberg.

The roots of the club laid in the Turnverein Lustenau. Many of the young members of the club played football. After discussions the football section left the club and formed on 20 September 1907 at the Gasthof zur Sonne the FC Lustenau. Many of the clubs in Vorarlberg were founded with the help of players of FC Lustenau(for example FC Dornbirn 1913 and the second club from Lustenau SC Austria Lustenau ). 

During the First World War there was no football in Vorarlberg. But after the war many new clubs were found. So the FC Lustenau was interested in forming a football association, which was formed in 1920.

The most important player of FC Lustenau before the Second World War was Ernst Künz.He played in the 1936 Olympic football team of Austria. The team won the silver medal.

During the Second World war there was again no football in Vorarlberg. But 1945 the team started again under the name FC Rapid Lustenau. In 1947 they got their old name FC Lustenau 07 back. In 2000 the club was promoted to the Austrian First League. 2004 they were relegated. In the 2005/06 season they won the Regionalliga West with 27 wins, 3 draws and 0 lost (104:22 goals). Till the 2012-13 season they played in the Austrian First League. Due to financial problems the club played the next season in Vorarlberg 2. Landesklasse (Level 7). Till the 2019-20 season they reached the Vorarlbergliga (Level 4) the highest level in Vorarlberg football.
as on December 17th, 2021

Goalkeepers
Defenders
Midfielders
Forwards

A. J. Foyt

Anthony Joseph Foyt, Jr. (born January 16, 1935) is an American racecar driver. He was a four-time Indianapolis 500 winner. He also won at the Daytona 500.

Foyt was born in Houston, Texas. He attended Pershing and Hamilton middle schools and Lamar, San Jacinto and St. Thomas Catholic high schools, but he dropped out to become a mechanic.


Estée Lauder

Estée Lauder, (July 1, 1908 - April 24, 2004), was an American businesswoman. She was the co-founder of the cosmetics company named after her, Estée Lauder. In 1998, she was be the only woman on TIME magazine's list of the 20 most influential business geniuses of the 20th century. Lauder died on April 24, 2004 at age 95.

Evans Blue

Evans Blue is a Canadian alternative rock band from Toronto, Ontario. Evans Blue has five members in the band; the current band members are Dan Chandler, Parker Lauzon, Vlad Tanaskovic, Joe Pitter and Mike McClure.



So far as of 2011, Evans Blue has released 3 Studio albums:


In the Realm of the Senses

In the Realm of the Senses is a romantic movie which was released during 1976 in certain countries, 1977 in others. The movie is a fictional tale of sexually explicit adult behavior in 1930s Japan. This motion picture caused extremely huge controversy when it was released. Certain countries wouldn't even show the movie. Moreover, it was not available for home video until around 1990. It was originally rated X, though the rating was later converted into NC-17 in 1991.


Colloid

A colloid is a mixture of one substance spread out evenly inside another substance. They can be in two different phases or states of matter. 

One substance is the dispersion medium, such as water or gas. The other is the dispersed medium, sometimes called the 'internal phase'. This is usually tiny solid particles. Otherwise, if the dispersion medium is a gas, then the internal phase can be either tiny particles or tiny droplets of a liquid.

Definition: A colloid is a substance microscopically dispersed evenly throughout another substance. The dispersed-phase particles have a diameter between about 5 and 200 nanometers.

Examples: 

Five Finger Death Punch

Five Finger Death Punch is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California. Five Finger Death Punch has five members in the band; the current band members are Zoltan Bathory, Jason Hook, Chris Kael, Ivan Moody and Jeremy Spencer.



So far as of 2011, Five Finger Death Punch has released 4 Studio albums:



Sol (colloid)

A sol is a colloidal suspension of very small solid particles in a continuous liquid medium. They can be quite stable; examples include blood, pigmented ink, and paint.

Sols can change into viscosity quickly if they are thixotropic. Examples include quicksands and paint, both of which become more fluid under pressure.

One Direction

One Direction, also referred to as 1D are an English and Irish boy band. It began with Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson. They finished third on the seventh series of "The X Factor". They each auditioned for "The X Factor" separately. Nicole Scherzinger put them together in 2010 because She thought they were too good to lose.

"What Makes You Beautiful" was One Direction's first single. After being signed to Syco Music, the group recorded their first album "Up All Night". Hits on the album include "One Thing" and "Gotta Be You." It was third in the charts. They have been very successful since. They tour to places around the world such as Europe, Australia, Asia, and the Americas.

The group released a second album in November 2012, called "Take Me Home". It includes the singles "Little Things", "Live While We're Young" and "Kiss You". The group released their third album, "Midnight Memories", in late November 2013. It includes the singles "Story of My Life", "Best Song Ever", "Midnight Memories", and "You & I" Their fourth album, "Four", was released in November 2014. This album includes the singles "Steal My Girl" and "Night Changes". Their fifth album, "Made in the A.M.", was released in November 2015. It includes the singles "Drag Me Down", "Perfect" and "History".

On 29 August 2013, their movie "This Is Us" was released.

In April 2014, One Direction started their stadium world tour titled "Where We Are." 5 Seconds of Summer opened for them during the tour.

On 25 March 2015, Zayn Malik left the band.

In January 2016, the band said they would be taking a temporary break. It was expected to last around 18 months, but due to the members pursuing solo careers, they will be reuniting later than promised. 

One Direction have won 7 Brit awards, 7 American Music Awards and 28 Teen Choice Awards. The band also has a lot of award nominations.

Zayn Malik left the band on 25 March 2015. The group decided not to replace him, but continued as a four piece band.



Lyme Regis

Lyme Regis is a coastal town in West Dorset, England, 25 miles west of Dorchester and east of Exeter. The town lies in Lyme Bay, on the English Channel coast at the Dorset-Devon border. It is nicknamed 'The Pearl of Dorset'.

The town is noted for the fossils found in the cliffs and beaches, which are part of the Jurassic Coast–a World Heritage Site. The harbour wall, "The Cobb", features in Jane Austen's novel "Persuasion", and in the movie and novel, "The French Lieutenant's Woman", by local writer John Fowles.

When people were counted in the town's most recent census in 2001, the population was 4,406. 45% of the town's population were retired people.

The town is noted for the fossils found in the cliffs and beaches, which are part of the Jurassic Coast–a World Heritage Site. The Jurassic Coast stretches over a distance of .

The coastal exposures along the coastline provide a continuous sequence of Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous rock formations spanning approximately 185 million years of the Earth's history. The localities along the Jurassic Coast include some important fossil zones.
The Blue Lias rock is host to a multitude of remains from the early Jurassic, a time from which good fossil records are rare. Many of the remains are well preserved, with complete specimens of several important species. Many of the earliest discoveries of dinosaur and other prehistoric reptile remains were made in the area surrounding Lyme Regis, notably those discovered by Mary Anning (1799–1847). Significant finds include "Ichthyosaur", "Plesiosaur", "Dimorphodon", "Scelidosaurus", one of the first armoured (Thyreophora) dinosaurs. The town now holds an annual Mary Anning Day and Lyme Regis Fossil Festival. A fossil of the world's largest moth was discovered in 1966 at Lyme Regis.

The coastal region near Lyme Regis is subject to large landslips. This means that Jurassic age fossils are regularly exposed and can be found on the beaches, but also causes devastation to the town.

One of the most spectacular landslips occurred on 24 December 1839, west along the coast in Devon belonging to Bindon Manor and known as "The Dowlands Landslip". About of fields growing wheat and turnips were dislodged when a great chasm was formed more than across, deep and long. The crops remained intact on the top of what became known as "Goat Island" among the newly formed gullies. On 3 February 1840, five weeks later, there was a second landslip nearby but much smaller than the former. This strange phenomenon attracted many visitors, and the canny farmers charged sixpence for entrance and held a grand reaping party when the wheat ripened. The area is now known as The Undercliff and is of great interest because of its diverse natural history.

In 2005, work began on a £16 million engineering project to stabilise the cliffs and protect the town from coastal erosion. The town's main beach was reconstructed and re-opened on 1 July 2006.
On the evening of 6 May 2008, a section of land slipped onto the beach between Lyme Regis and Charmouth. Local Police described the landslip as the "worst for 100 years".

Non-renewable resource

A non-renewable resource is a natural resource that is used up faster than it can be made by nature. It cannot be produced, grown or generated on a scale which can sustain how quickly it is being consumed. Once it is used up, there is no more available for the future. Fossil fuels (such as coal, petroleum, and natural gas), types of nuclear power (uranium) and certain examples. Resources such as timber (when harvested sustainably) or metals (which can be recycled) are considered renewable resources. Non-renewable resources are also called exhaustible resources.

The renewable energy is the contrary notion.

Personal name

A personal name is the label which identifies an individual person. It is a proper name; and it is usually made up of a given name plus a surname. 

The Convention on the Rights of the Child specifies that a child has the right from birth to a name.

Regnal name

A regnal name, or reign name, is a formal name or label which refers to the years of the reign of a monarch or a pope. 

A monarch sometimes chooses a reign name which is different from his or her personal name.

A pope chooses a regnal name when he is elected. It becomes his new personal name.

The new name -- or sometimes the old one -- is followed by an ordinal number to create a unique name for the period in which the monarch is on the throne. 


Wolfsberger AC

Wolfsberger AC is a football club from the city of Wolfsberg, Carinthia, Austria. The club was founded in 1931. The colours are black and white. 

The club competed in twenty seasons on the second level of the Austrian football leagues. Between the 2007–08 and 2011–12 seasons, Wolfsberger AC united with SK St. Andrä to compete under the name WAC/St. Andrä. Both clubs stayed independent, but had a central administration and marketing. In 2010 they reached the Austrian football first league. In their first season they reached the 4th place. After 2011/12 season the club was promoted to Austrian Bundesliga for the first time in their history.

Wolfsberg finished third in the 2018–19 Austrian Football Bundesliga. They were qualified for the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League group stage. They finished in fourth place in Group J of the UEFA Europa League in the 2019–20 season. 

The second squad of WAC is playing in the Regionalliga Mitte (3th division).

Kimmeridge clay

The Kimmeridge clay formation is a sedimentary deposit of fossiliferous marine clay and mudstones. It is of Upper Jurassic age, and occurs in Europe. It gives its name to a stage in the Upper Jurassic called the Kimmeridgian, lasting from 157.3–152.1 million years ago.

Kimmeridge clay is perhaps the most economically important unit of rocks in the whole of Europe, because it is the major source for oil fields in the North Sea.

The clay is named after the village of Kimmeridge on the Dorset coast of England, where it is well exposed and forms part of the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site. It exists across England, in a band stretching from Dorset in the south-west, north-east to East Anglia and Hull. The River Humber Bridge's foundations are in the Kimmeridge Clay deposits under the Humber estuary.

The fossil fauna of the Kimmeridge Clay includes a reptile fauna of turtles, crocodiles, dinosaurs, plesiosaurs, pliosaurs and ichthyosaurs, as well as many invertebrate species such as "Gryphaea".

The Kimmeridge Clay was laid down in 
an environment which is not present on the Earth today. Much of Western Europe was covered by a high sea-level: this may be related to the opening of the Atlantic. As a consequence, the UK was covered by a shallow and largely anoxic sea, perhaps less than 100m deep, with occasional landmasses.

This was shallower water than the Blue Lias of the Lower Jurassic. It was often low in oxygen, which led to its organic material being only partially decomposed. The mudstones are organic-rich, and gave rise to most of the North Sea oil.

Walker Lake

Walker Lake is a salt lake in Nevada.

Milton Wolff

Milton Wolff was an American commander in the Spanish Civil War. He was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1915. He died in 2008. He was friends with the author Ernest Hemingway.

Rachel Hunter

Rachel Hunter (born 8 September 1969) is a fashion model and an actress from New Zealand. She worked in France, Australia, UK (London) and New Zealand. in She currently lives in the United States. She has been in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition" many times and has posed for other magazines. Hunter posed Playboy in 2004.

She was married to singer Rod Stewart from 1990 until 2006.

Yamasee War

The Yamasee War was a war between the Yamasee Indians and the South Carolina settlers from 1715-1717.

Orbital forcing

Orbital forcing is the effect on climate of slow changes in the tilt of the Earth's axis and shape of the orbit (see Milankovitch cycles). 

These orbital changes alter the amount of sunlight reaching the Earth by up to 25% at mid-latitudes. That has a huge effect. The term "forcing" is a physical process which definitely affects the Earth's climate.

This mechanism is believed to be responsible for the timing of the ice age cycles. The timing of past glacial periods coincides very well with the predictions of the Milankovitch theory, and these effects can be calculated into the future.

Note in the graphic the strong 100,000 year periodicity of the cycles, and the striking asymmetry of the curves. Ice ages deepen by progressive steps, but the recovery to interglacial conditions occurs in one big step.

Milton Berle

Mendel Berlinger, better known as Milton Berle, (July 12, 1908 – March 27, 2002) was an American actor and comedian. 

Berle was born Mendel Berlinger in Manhattan, New York City. He was raised Jewish. Berle studied at Professional Children's School. His career began in 1914, when he was 5 years old.

Berle first appeared in the serial "The Perils of Pauline". During his career he starred in numerous movies, television programs and others. He was called "Uncle Miltie" during TV's golden age days. He was known for hosting "Texaco Star Theater" (1948–55).

In 1949, Berle hosted the first ever telethon.

Berle retired in 2000 because of poor health. His last appearance was in a 2000 episode of "Kenan & Kel". 

Berle was married to Joyce Mathews from 1941 until they divorced in 1947. They remarried in 1949 only to divorce once again in 1950. Then he married Ruth Cosgrove Rosenthal from 1953 until her death in 1989. Then he married Lorna Adams in 1991. Their marriage would last until his death in 2002. Berle had three children.

Berle died from colon cancer in Los Angeles, California on March 27, 2002 at age 93. He was buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery.

Karl Barth

Karl Barth (1886-1968) was a Protestant theologian who started a movement in theology that is now called Neo-Orthodoxy. He wrote "Church Dogmatics" and the "Gottingen Dogmatics", as well as a number of Biblical commentaries, most famously on the Book of Romans. He was heavily involved in the authorship of the anti-Nazi Barmen declaration in 1934.

Barth rejects Biblical inerrancy, and he also rejects stronger forms of predestination.


Janet Evans

Janet Evans (born August 28, 1971 in Fullerton, California) is an American swimmer. Her career started at the 1988 Summer Olympics and ended at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She did not win a medal in 1996 but she added one more highlight to her career when she was given the honors of carrying the Olympic Torch at the 1996 Summer Olympics' opening ceremony. Evans retired after the 1996 Olympics. She later said she would return to swimming with the 2012 Summer Olympics' Trials.

Shame (movie)

Shame is a 2011 British erotic drama movie. The movie was written by Abi Morgan and Steve McQueen; he also directed. It was produced by Iain Canning and Emilie Sherman. It is distributed from Fox Searchlight Pictures in the United States. The movie stars Michael Fassbender as hypersexual thirty-something yuppie Brandon. He is an advertising executive who lives in New York City and is unable to manage his sex life and desires. Carey Mulligan plays his sister Sissy, who has borderline personality disorder and stays with him at his apartment. "Shame" is rated NC-17 (no children 17 and under admitted) for explicit sexuality.

Sungai Lalang

Sungai Lalang is a small town in Kedah, Malaysia. It is around 5 kilometers north of Sungai Petani. 

Sungai Petani

Sungai Petani (abbreviated ""Sg. Petani"" or ""SP"") is a town in the state of Kedah, in the northern part of Peninsular Malaysia. Sungai Petani is the second largest town in Kedah after Alor Star. The name Sungai Petani has its roots from "sungai" meaning river and "petani" meaning farmer in the Malay language. Sungai Petani in full means "Farmer's River", as there are a lot of paddy fields and farmers in the state. The word "petani" may also refer to "Pattani", a city in present-day Thailand to which the river was once connected. Even the old spelling of Sungai Petani was "Sungei Patani", without any reference to farming.

Sungai Petani is designated as a parliamentary area in its own right. A total of 983,851 people (2008) are able to vote. It is currently represented by Johari Abdul from Parti Keadilan Rakyat.

The parliamentary area of Merbok and part of the parliamentary area of Yan (Gurun) form part of Sungai Petani Municipal administrative area.

Sungai Petani has a high and medium-sized business community. Small and medium industry also play a part in the local economy, producing many products, from semiconductors to television tubes and from textile to wood products. Sungai Petani is also a booming business center with many large malls, franchise stores and business enclaves.

Sungai Petani has many malls and shopping centers such as Central Square, Village Mall, Lagenda Height Tesco, Sungai Petani North Tesco, Sungai Petani South Tesco, Giant Hypermarket, Econsave, Billion, Sp Plaza and Parkson.

The town is accessible through the Federal Route 1 and also the North-South Expressway. Sungai Petani has two highway exits while the Federal Route I runs across the city. Apart from that, it also has a train station and a makeshift express bus hub that caters to any destination within Peninsular Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore.

Sungai Petani also has a relatively below average local bus service called City Liner, with air-conditioned red coaches.The express bus station not far from Sungai Petani Railway Station. The railway station is managed by Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad.

The nearest airport is the Penang International Airport on Penang Island. Another alternative airport is the Sultan Abdul Halim Airport, Alor Star (the state capital of Kedah).

The Bujang Valley or Lembah Bujang, sometimes referred to as the Ancient Wonder of Kedah, is a rich historical site covering an area of about 400sq. km in Merbok (17 km from Sungai Petani), bounded by Bukit Coras (Choras Hill) and Gunung Jerai. This archaeological area was the site of an ancient Hindu-Buddhist kingdom that ruled the region from the 4th century AD. There is also an archaeological museum here which is known as The Lembah Bujang Archaeological Museum. This museum displays more than 2,500 artifacts from Malaysia's earliest civilization that have been unearthed from the surrounding excavation sites. Gold, gems, ceramics, Hindu gods and beautiful Buddha stone statues dating from the third to 14th centuries are all on display, though its main feature is Chandi Bukit Batu Pahat, a reconstructed temple built to worship the Hindu god Shiva.

States of Malaysia

Malaysia is a federation with 13 states ("Negeri") ("Wilayah Persekutuan"). Eleven states and two federal territories are located on the Malay Peninsula. The other two states and one federal territory are on the island of Borneo.

Malaysian states are divided between the two regions of Malaysia, with 11 states and 2 federal territories on West Malaysia and the other 2 states and 1 federal territory in East Malaysia. 
As Malaysia is a federation. The governance of the states is divided between the federal and the state governments, while the Federal government has direct control of the federal territories. The duties of the federal and the state governments are listed in the Ninth Schedule of the Constitution of Malaysia. Theoretically, any matter not set out in the Ninth Schedule can be legislated on by the individual states. However, legal scholars generally view this as a "pauper's bequest" because of the large scope of the matters listed in the Ninth Schedule. The courts themselves have generally favoured a wide interpretation of the language of the Ninth Schedule, thus limiting the number of possible subjects not covered. The Ninth Schedule specifically lists the following matters as those that can only be legislated on by the states: land tenure, the Islamic religion, and local government.

The 13 states are based on historical Malay Kingdoms. 9 of the 13 states, known as the Malay States, retain their royal families. The Federal King (titled "Yang di-Pertuan Agong") is elected (de facto rotated) among the nine rulers to serve a 5-year term. The nine "Malay States" have a hereditary Ruler as titular Head of state and an executive Chief Minister or "Menteri Besar" as politically responsible Head of government. The rulers of Johor, Kedah, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Terengganu are styled Sultans (typically Islamic). Only Negeri Sembilan's elective ruler holds the rare, autochthonous Malay title of "Yang di-Pertuan Besar", whereas only the Ruler of Perlis is titled "Raja". Former British settlements and crown colonies of Penang and Malacca (both peninsular) and Sabah and Sarawak (both on Borneo) each have a federally appointed titular Governor (styled "Yang di-Pertua Negeri") and an executive Chief Minister or "Ketua Menteri".
Sabah and Sarawak have additional powers as part of the terms when they joined Malaysia, such as immigration controls. They have separate immigration policies and controls and a unique residency status. Passports are required even for Malaysians for travelling between these two states or between either state and Peninsular Malaysia, however Peninsular Malaysians who are on social/business visits up to three months are allowed to produce a MyKad or birth certificate and fill in a special form in lieu of a passport.
Each state has a unicameral legislature called "Dewan Undangan Negeri" ("DUN", State Assembly). Members of DUN are elected from single-member constituencies drawn based on the population. The state leader of the majority party in DUN is usually appointed Chief Minister by the Ruler or Governor. The term of DUN members is five years unless the assembly is dissolved earlier by the Ruler or Governor on the advise of the Chief Minister. Usually, DUN of the states in Peninsular Malaysia are dissolved in conjunction with the dissolution of the federal parliament, in order to have state elections running concurrently with the parliamentary election. However, Rulers and Governors hold discretionary powers in dissolving the DUN.Each state sends two representatives to the "Dewan Negara" (Senate), the upper house of the federal parliament.

The Parliament of Malaysia can legislate on issues of land, Islamic religion and local government in order to provide for a uniform law between different states, or on the request of the state assembly concerned. The law in question must also be passed by the state assembly as well, except in the case of certain land law-related subjects. Non-Islamic issues that fall under the purview of the state may also be legislated on at the federal level for conforming with Malaysian treaty obligations. Each state is further divided into districts, which are then divided into mukim. In Sabah and Sarawak districts are grouped into "Divisions".

 was a Malaysian state from the formation of Malaysia on 16 September 1963 until it was expelled from the Federation on 9 August 1965.



Works of Rambhadracharya

Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Swami Rambhadracharya (better-known as Jagadguru Rambhadracharya or Swami Rambhadracharya) is a Hindu "guru", Sanskrit scholar, writer, poet, play writer, composer, singer, philosopher and "Katha" artist. He is living in Chitrakoot, India. His works includes poems, plays, lectures, commentaries, religious speeches, and musical works of his works. He has written more than 90 works, including published books and unpublished hand written books, and four epic poems, a Hindi commentary on Tulsidas' Ramcharitmanas, a rhythmic Sanskrit commentary on the Ashtadhyayi, and Sanskrit commentaries on the Prasthanatrayi sacred books. Many of his audio and video recordings have been released. He writes in Sanskrit, Hindi, Awadhi, Maithili, and many other languages. He is blind.

"Śrībhārgavarāghavīyam" is his most famous work. He won many awards for it, like the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit. He has also been given many other honors and titles as a writer and poet, like "Mahakavi" and "Kavikularatna".

His important literature works and musical works, grouped by their type, are listed below.











Rambhadracharya made Sanskrit commentaries named "Śrīrāghavakṛpābhāṣyam" on the Prasthanatrayi – Brahma Sutra, the Bhagavad Gita, and eleven Upanishads. These commentaries were released on 10 April 1998 by the then Prime Minister of India, Atal Behari Vajpayee. He made "Śrīrāghavakṛpābhāṣyam" on Narada Bhakti Sutra in 1991. Rambhadracharya then renewed—after five hundred years—the tradition of Sanskrit commentaries on the Prasthanatrayi. His commentary was also the second Sanskrit commentary on Prasthanatrayi of Ramananda Sampradaya, an the first was made by Ramananda himself and it was named "Ānandabhāṣyam". Rambhadracharya's commentary in Sanskrit on the Prasthanatrayi was the first written in almost 600 years.





Rambhadracharya's most controversial work was the critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas. It was published as the Tulsi Peeth edition. It was said that he changed the epic, but the dispute ended when Rambhadracharya said sorry for any problem caused by the publication. A writ was also filed against him but it was not accepted. This edition was published in 2005 by Shri Tulsi Peeth Seva Nyas.




Pope Clement

Popes Clement may mean:


Boboli's Garden

Boboli's Garden is a historical park in Florence, Italy near "Porta Romana", joined with Pitti Palace and Forte di Belvedere. The garden is visited every year by 800.000 tourists. It is really famous for the beauty flowers and for the very old sculptures.


Academy maniacs

Artyom Alexandrovich Anoufriev (born in October 4, 1992) and Nikita Vakhtangovich Lytkin (born in March 24, 1993 – died in November 30, 2021) () are two serial killers from Irkutsk, Russia.

On April 5, 2011, Anoufriev and Lytkin were arrested in connection with a series of six murders and attacks on local residents in Akademgorodok of Irkutsk. The attacks, which involved a mallet and knife, began in December 2010. Anoufriev and Lytkin were arrested after a video recording showing the dead body of a woman being mutilated with a knife was found on a camera belonging to Lytkin's uncle, who had become suspicious. According to media reports, the youths had been influenced by reading about the Alexander Pichushkin and Dnepropetrovsk maniacs (Igor Suprunyuck and Viktor Sayenko) on the Internet. Also, Anoufriev took part in a Russian neo_Nazi march. A psychiatric examination found them to be sane, and they told doctors that they had chosen weak and drunk people as their victims. On 2 April 2013, Anoufriev was sentenced to life imprisonment and Lytkin to 24 years.



Fermi paradox

Enrico Fermi's paradox wonders why, with the age and size of the universe and billions of stars and planets that have existed for billions of years, we have not detected any other alien civilizations. There have been attempts to resolve the Fermi paradox by finding evidence of alien civilizations, along with thoughts that such life could exist without humans knowing.

The physicist Enrico Fermi first asked the question in an informal discussion in 1950. A paper by Michael H. Hart in 1975 made scientists more curious and they began to study the question in more detail. This is why some people call it the Fermi–Hart paradox. Other common names for the same phenomenon are "Fermi's question" ("Where are they?"), the "Fermi Problem", the "Great Silence", and "silentium universi" (Latin for "the silence of the universe"; the misspelling "silencium universi" is also common).

Extraterrestrial life might exist, but humans may not know about it. To send signals across long distances in our galaxy, and the universe, is difficult. This is because the power output needed to project the signal would be very large. Coherent (laser-like) signals travel at the speed of light, but our own galaxy is 100,000 light years across. Alien civilizations may not be able to detect the signal, or they may not understand the communication or the method used to communicate. 

Space is full of dust clouds and magnetic fields, which would disturb or eliminate even a coherent (laser-like) beam of electromagnetic radiation. Thousands of tons of cosmic dust are thought to reach the Earth's surface every year. A signal would face much interference in any long-distance travel across space.

If it is difficult or impossible for us, it may also be difficult for other forms of life. As for other galaxies, the Andromeda galaxy is 2.5 million light years away. 

In our Galaxy, the time it takes for signals to travel is very large. Vast eras of time would pass before a reply could be received. There are theories about "worm-holes" in space in which communication could be sent through space more quickly, but these are just theories now. There is still a desire for space travel. Locally in the Solar System, the main goal is to get minerals which are scarce on Earth.


Drake equation

In 1961, Frank Drake wrote down an equation for the chance of a contactable alien civilization from another planet in the Milky Way Galaxy. This is known as the Drake Equation (sometimes called the Green Bank equation or the Green Bank Formula). Carl Sagan mentioned the Drake equation so often that it has been mistaken for the 'Sagan equation'. 

The Drake equation states that:

where:

and

We don't know the solution to the equation. 
Although written as an equation, Drake's formulation is not particularly useful for getting a value of formula_2. The last four parameters, formula_3 and formula_4 are not known. They are very hard to guess, with values ranging over many orders of magnitude. Therefore, the SETI League says the importance of the Drake equation is not in solving it, but in thinking about it. It may be more useful to think of it as a series of questions framed as a numbers game. 


 

Voyager Golden Record

The Voyager Golden Records are records that contain sounds and images chosen to show the life and culture on Earth. They show photographs of life on earth, including nature, cities, people and animals. They also have greetings recorded in 55 languages, songs from around the world, and non-musical sounds. The record gives specific instructions and distance measurements that can be used to pinpoint Earth's location as well. The record was designed by a team headed by Carl Sagan to communicate with extraterrestrial life.
These records which were sent in the Voyager spacecraft in 1977, are for alien life forms to see. The outside of the record is designed so that aliens could understand, with instructions about how to play the record next to images. However, the records can be seen as a symbol rather than a serious attempt to contact alien life forms.


Pargalı İbrahim Pasha

Parga was an ancient city of Greece. Ibrahim Pasha came from Parga. Ibrahim Pasha was the biggest vizier of the Ottoman Empire. 

Pope Urban IV

Pope Urban IV (; c. 1195 – October 2, 1264), born Jacques Pantaléon, was a French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 183rd Pope from 1261 to 1264.

Pantaléon was the son of a cobbler of Troyes in France. He studied theology and common law in Paris. He served the church as a canon, as a deacon and as an archdeacon.

Pope Innocent IV made Pantaléon the Bishop of Verdun in 1253.

In 1255, Pope Alexander IV made him Patriarch of Jerusalem.

He was not a cardinal. There were several Popes who were not Cardinals. Some of these were Pope Urban V and Pope Urban VI.

Patriarch Pantaléon was on August 29, 1261. He chose to be called Urban IV.

As pope, he was deeply involved in the conflict between Guelphs and Ghibelines in Italy.

He was buried in the cathedral at Perugia.



Midget

A midget is a word that is used to describe people who are quite short. A midget is "not" somebody with dwarfism; a midget is a person that has the same proportions of body parts as an averaged-sized human being. The word "midget" can also sometimes be used as an insult. Sometimes, the word is used for people a foot below the normal height of a person.""

Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer

Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer is a fictional reindeer character with a bright red nose who first appeared in 1939 in booklets. In the story, Rudolph gets teased by other reindeer until one foggy Christmas Eve Santa Claus comes around, asking him to guide Santa's sleigh. A Christmas song based on the story has been covered by such artists as Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Barry Manilow and The Supremes over the decades. Gene Autry was the singer of the original version.

Pain disorder

Pain disorder is a condition where a patient experiences chronic pain in different places in the body; this pain seems to be caused by psychological stress. Treatment of the condition can be done with either therapy or drugs.

Ginger Rogers

Ginger Rogers (born Virginia Katherine McMath, July 16, 1911 - April 25, 1995) was an American actress, dancer and singer. She was born in Independence, Missouri. 

During her long career, she made a total of 73 films, collaborating with Fred Astaire as a romantic lead actress and dancing partner in a series of ten Hollywood musical films that revolutionized the genre. 

She achieved great success on her own in a variety of film roles and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in "Kitty Foyle" (1940). She ranks #14 on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars list of actress screen legends. She also appeared on numerous television programs. She died of a heart attack in Rancho Mirage, California.

Rogers was most famous for her partnership with Fred Astaire. Together, from 1933 to 1939, they made nine musical films at RKO and one at MGM. They revolutionized the Hollywood musical, introducing dance routines of unprecedented elegance and virtuosity, set to songs specially composed for them by the greatest popular song composers of the day.

"Flying Down to Rio" (1933) 
"The Gay Divorcee" (1934)
"Roberta" (1935) 
"Top Hat" (1935) 
"Follow the Fleet" (1936) 
"Swing Time" (1936) 
"Shall We Dance" (1937) 
"Carefree" (1938)
"The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle" (1939)
"The Barkleys of Broadway" (1949) 


Independence, Missouri

Independence is a city in the northwest part of the US state of Missouri, not far from Kansas City. In 2020, about 123,011 people lived there.

Independence was created on March 28, 1827. It was an important place for the Oregon Trail. This is because the trail started here.

Independence had two battles in the American Civil War. One is the on August 11, 1862. The other is the on October 21-22, 1864.

President Harry S. Truman lived in Independence for a long time. The Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum is in Independence.

The 2020 census said that there were 123,011 people living in Independence. There were 51,139 households, and 34,305 households with more than one person. Of the households, 60.4% owned their home and 39.6% rented their home. Children under age 18 lived in 27.2% of the households. Of the people, 72.6% were White, 8.7% were Black, and 1.2% were Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 12.2% of the people.

In 2010, there were 116,830 people, 48,742 households, and 30,165 families living in Independence. The people were 85.7% White, 5.6% African American, 0.6% Native American, 1.0% Asian, 0.7% Pacific Islander, 3.2% from other races, and 3.2% from two or more races. 7.7% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

23% of the people were under 18 years old; 8.6% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 24.9% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 27.4% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 16.1% were 65 years old or older. 52% of the people were women, and 48% of the people were men.

10,000 Maniacs

10,000 Maniacs is an alternative rock group from Jamestown, New York. They have had different musicians and various lineups since they were created near 1981.


Seneca the Younger

Lucius Annaeus Seneca was a Roman philosopher, poet and politician. He was born about 4 BC in Córdoba in Hispania (which is now in Spain). Seneca's father was a writer known as Seneca the Elder. Seneca's mother was called Helvia. Seneca often lived in the city of Rome. He died by suicide in year 65.

During the reign of Roman emperor Claudius, Seneca was sent in exile to the island of Corsica for nine years. This act was caused by Messalina who was the wife of Claudius. In 49 AD Claudius married his own niece Agrippina, and she called Seneca back to Rome to be a tutor for her son Nero. Nero became emperor in 54 AD, and Seneca helped him to rule the Roman Empire for the next five years. After 59 AD, Nero became like a tyrant, and Seneca lost control over him. In 65 AD Nero accused Seneca of helping the people in the Pisonian conspiracy who wanted to kill Nero. Seneca was probably innocent, but Nero forced Seneca to kill himself.

Seneca was a very famous writer. He wrote books on philosophy, and he also wrote plays. Most of his books still exist.

His philosophy books were about Stoicism. These books include his "Letters to Lucilius" and his "Essays" (or ""Dialogues""). Seneca wanted to find the right way for people to be happy, so he wrote about ethics. He believed that some emotions, including anger and grief, are bad and should be avoided. He wrote about the shortness of life, and he wrote about favours, mercy, friendship, and the need to help other people.

His plays are tragedies. They are based on Greek mythology, and have titles such as: "Hercules", "Trojan Women", "Phoenician Women", "Phaedra", and "Oedipus".

Meredith Baxter

Meredith Baxter (born June 21, 1947), or Meredith Baxter-Birney, is an American actress. She was born in South Pasadena, California. She has been in numerous sitcoms and television movies. She is openly lesbian. She is an alcoholic and is a breast cancer survivor.

Meredith Brooks

Meredith Brooks (born June 12, 1958) is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. She was born in Oregon City, Oregon. She is best known for her 1997 single "Bitch" which reached No.6 in the UK and No.2 in the United States. 

Rohtas Fort

Rohtas Fort (,"Qila Rohtas") is a garrison fort built by the great Afghan king Sher Shah Suri. This fort is about 4 km in circumference and the first example of the successful combination of Pashtun and Hindu architecture in the Indian subcontinent.



FatRat

FatRat is a free and open-source extensible download manager for Linux. It is built on top of the Trolltech Qt 4 library in C++. Developing of this program was started in November 2006. FatRat provides few advanced features such as speed limiting, segmented downloads.

It supports a lot of download and file exchange protocols, such as HTTP, Proxy/SOCKS5, FTP, BitTorrent (through libtorrent). Internationalization of interface is carried out with the help of Qt Linguist. FatRat also has RSS feed and podcasts support, and it can work with RapidShare web-storage service and with Dropbox and OpenSubtitles.

Available as a package of the most popular Linux repositories, such as Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora.

Features and characteristics:


Pope Urban VIII

Pope Urban VIII (; 5 April 1568 – 29 July 1644), born Maffeo Barberini, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 236th Pope from 1623 to 1644. 

Maffeo Barberini was born in 1568 into the Barberini family of Florence in Italy. His studies led to a doctorate of law from the University of Pisa in 1589. 

In 1604, Pope Clement VIII appointed Barberini Archbishop of Nazareth. He was transferred by Pope Paul V who made him the Bishop of Spoleto in 1608.

In 1606, Paul V raising Barberini to be Cardinal of "S. Pietro in Montorio".

Cardinal Barberini was elected pope on August 6, 1623; and took the name Urban VIII.

Pope Urban was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

During his reign, the papal palace at Castel Gandolfo was built.

Pope Urban caused the baldachin to be built over the central alter in St. Peter's Basilica.



Hasekura Tsunenaga

The Roman Senate made Hasekura a citizen and a patrician of Rome.

Hasekura was a retainer of Date Masamune. Date was the daimyo of Sendai.

Hasekura headed a diplomatic mission from Japan to the Vatican. The trip lasted seven years from 1613-1620, This historic journey is called the . Hasekura was the first Japanese ambassador in the Americas and in Europe. 

Hasekura traveled with a group across the Pacific Ocean to Mexico. They sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to Europe.

Hasekura returned to Japan by crossing Mexico from east to west in 1618. The Japanese sailed from Acapulco for the Philippines. From Manila, they sailed north to Japan in 1620.

The story of Hasekura was unknown in Japan until the 19th century. This early diplomacy not included in official histories written in Japan in the 17th and 18th centuries. Information about this embassy

Hasekura was a subject of interest in Europe. In 1615, Scipione Amati published a book about Haskeura's journey. In 1616, a book about the Japanese diplomats was published in French in Paris.
In 1873, Japanese diplomats traveled to Europe. They were surprised to learn about Hasekura. The diplomacy of Hasekura was forgotten because of the Sakoku policy of isolation.

There are statues of Hasekura in Japan, Cuba, Spain, and Italy.

Many people in Coria del Río, Spain have the surname "Japón". These are descendants of the Japanese travelers.
A minor comet 11514 Tsunenaga was named after Hasekura in 1991.

Spanish and Japanese archives have documents from the Hasekura mission. The letter carried by Hasekura to the King of Spain is in Seville, Spain. The paper proof of Haskura's Roman citizenship is in Sendai, Japan. These bits of history are proposed for UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme.



Maria Shriver

Maria Owings Shriver, (born May 6, 1955) is an American author and journalist.

Shriver was born on May 6, 1955 in Chicago, Illinois. Her parents were Sargent Shriver and Eunice Kennedy. Her uncles were John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Ted Kennedy. Her cousins are Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., Caroline Bouvier Kennedy and John F. Kennedy Jr.

She was co-anchor of NBC News and covered 1988 Summer Olympics. She has won many Emmy Awards.

In addition, she is former First Lady of California and wife of former Governor and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger, from whom she is currently separated.

Mexican Revolution

The Mexican Revolution was brought on by a major armed struggle in Mexico that started in 1911 by an uprising led by Francisco I. Madero against the long dictatorship of Porfirio Díaz.

Under his rule, power was concentrated in the hands of a select few, and the people had no power to express their opinions or to select their public officials. Wealth was likewise concentrated in the hands of the few, and injustice was everywhere in the cities and the countryside alike

The revolution was characterized by several socialist, liberal, anarchist, populist, and agrarian movements. Over time, it changed from a simple revolt against the established order to a multi-sided civil war.

There was less fighting after 1920, when Álvaro Obregón, the most important revolutionary leader who was still alive, became the president of Mexico.

Estée Lauder Companies

Estée Lauder Companies are an organization that manufactures, markets and sells perfume, skin care, hair care and cosmetics. This company was named after a person called Estée Lauder. 

It was established in 1946 in New York City. 

In 1960, the office in London was opened.

In 1964, Aramis fragrance for men was presented.

In 2010, the company bought Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc.

Tanning bed

A tanning bed is a device that emits ultraviolet radiation to give people a tan (make their skin darker). Like the sun, a tanning bed can also cause a sunburn if the person stays in too long. There are many kinds of tanning beds, but most look like the one in the photo.

Tanning beds became popular in Europe and America because of the work of Friedrich Wolff around 1979. He patented his design and charged others to use his ideas. His company, "Wolff Systems" does not build the tanning beds, they research and design for the tanning lamp. Some of the early adopters of the Wolff technology include ETS, Inc., SCA, Sun Industries, Inc., Montego Bay, Sunal. Later, Friedrich sold Wolff Systems to his brother Jorg Wolff, who was the founder of Cosmedico, Ltd., another pioneer in the tanning industry.

Tanning beds use a special fluorescent lamps (16 to 32 per tanning bed) that creates visible light and ultraviolet light. Like all fluorescent lights, they use a ballast system to limit the electricity going to each lamp, which is most often 100 watts per lamp. The tanning beds use a special acrylic, or clear shield over the lamps. Most clear plastics will block ultraviolet, but this special type of plastic lets most of the ultraviolet light pass through. Most tanning beds also have a cooling fan system, to cool the electronics inside the tanning bed and keep it from getting too hot. All tanning beds have a timer, a device to limit the amount of time the person is exposed to the ultraviolet light. After a few minutes, the timer makes the bed turn off.

Unlike the sun, tanning beds do not help the body produce vitamin D as their bulbs emit mostly UVA light. The human body needs UVB light to produce vitamin D. Both the sun and tanning beds can damage your skin if you stay exposed for too long. Getting too much UV, or many sunburns can cause skin cancer, including melanoma, which can be deadly. There is a lot of controversy due to the risks. Most countries have many laws and rules that regulate tanning beds.

Herman Wouk

Herman Wouk (May 27, 1915 – May 17, 2019) was a Pulitzer Prize winning American writer. He was from New York City, New York. Wouk had written many books including "The Caine Mutiny". He won Pulitzer Prize award in 1952.

Wouk was Orthodox Jewish. He was known for his defence of religion, tradition, American patriotism and the Military.

Wouk died in his sleep at his home in Palm Springs, California on May 17, 2019, 10 days before his 104th birthday.


Quirinal Palace

The Quirinal Palace (known in Italian as the Palazzo del Quirinale or simply Quirinale) is a historical building in Rome, Italy. It is the official residence of the President of the Italian Republic. 

The palace is on the Quirinal Hill, the tallest of the seven hills of Rome. It housed thirty popes, four kings and eleven presidents of the Italian Republic.

The current site of the palace has been in use since Roman times. The Quirinal is the highest hill in Rome.

The palace, on the "Via del Quirinale" and facing onto the "Piazza del Quirinale", was built beginning in 1573 by Pope Gregory XIII 

Pope Paul V commissioned the completion of the work on the main building of the palace.

The palace was a papal residence until 1870.

In 1871, the palace became the official royal residence of the Kings of Italy.
In 1946, the palace became the official residence and workplace for the Presidents of the Italian Republic. 


Killie pie

A Killie pie or Kilmarnock pie is a type of pie which was made famous as it is sold at Rugby Park, the home ground of association football team Kilmarnock F.C.. It can also be found in shops and chip shops. It is a steak pie.

It won the award for best pie in football two years running in 1998 and 1999, and attracted quite a reputation amongst away fans for its quality.
It is made by Brownings, The Bakers of Kilmarnock.

Seneca the Elder

Seneca the Elder ( Lucius or Marcus Annaeus Seneca, born about 54BC, died about 39AD) was a Roman rhetorician and writer. His main work is "Controversiae". "Controversiea" is a ten volume work. In it, he treats 74 cases that are commonly seen by rhetoricians. His other main work is "Suasoriae" (Councils). In it, he shows seven examples of how to respond in common cases. 

He is the father of the philosopher, poet and politician, Seneca the Younger

Hearst, Ontario

Hearst is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario. The population of Hearst was 5,620 in 2006. The mayor of Hearst is Roger Sigouin. Hearst was founded in 1913 because of the construction of the National Transcontinental Railway. It got its name from William Howard Hearst who was the then Ontario Minister of Forests and Mines and he later became Premier of Ontario. Around 85% of the population for Hearst speaks French.


Cornwall, Ontario

Cornwall is a city in the Canadian province of Ontario. The population of Cornwall was 45,965 in 2006. The mayor of Cornwall is Bob Kilger. The first European settlement in Cornwall was established in 1784 although Aboriginal peoples lived in and around the area for millennia. The name originally "New Johnstown" then the name was officially changed after and was named "Cornwall" after the Duke of Cornwall, Prince George, in 1834.

CJSS 1220

CJOH CTV


Barkly, Victoria

Barkly is a very small town in Victoria, Australia, about 180 kilometres northwest of Melbourne. It is located near the junction of the roads from Landsborough to Redbank, and from Frenchmans to St Arnaud. It is close to the western side of the St Arnaud Range National Park.

The area was first called the Navarre Diggings after gold was found in June 1859 by a group led by James Law (1827-1910). It was about six miles from the Navarre township. This caused a gold rush and there were soon about 700 people on the diggings. At the peak of the rush, there were over 6000 people in the area digging for gold.

James Law, who had come to Australia from Scotland, was given a reward of 150 pounds for being the first person to find gold. Other members of his group, John Fewster, W.R. Marshall and George Mill also were rewarded.

The name was changed to Barkly on 1 November 1861, after the Governor of Victoria, Sir Henry Barkly. The name was changed by the local gold warden, Mr. Warden Alley, a government official in charge of the diggings. A school was started, the Barkly Common School.

A cemetery, now called the Pioneer Cemetery, was begun close to the original diggings. The town of Barkly developed about two miles from this area, and a new cemetery was opened.

Barkly has a small Anglican church, a hall, and a few houses. The school has been closed and the buildings removed. There is a rose and lavender farm which is open to the public during the year. A headstone was placed on James Law's grave on 5 May, 1985. In 1996 a memorial stone was placed at the site of the first gold discovery.


Time After Time

"Time after Time" is a song first performed by American singer Cyndi Lauper. It is the second single from her album "She's so Unusual". The song reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in June 1984. It stayed there almost two weeks. The song has been covered by many other musicians.

Peterborough, Ontario

Peterborough is a city in the Canadian province of Ontario. The population of Peterborough was 45,965 in 2006. The mayor of Peterborough is Bob Kilger. Adam Scott, a settler, began construction of a sawmill and gristmill on the west shore of the Otonabee River and established the area as "Scott's Plains". In 1822, the British Parliament approved an experimental emigration plan which would transport poor Irish families to Upper Canada. The scheme was managed by Peter Robinson, who was at the time a politician in York (present-day Toronto). The area of Scott's Plains was renamed "Peterborough" in Robinson's honour. During 1850, Peterborough was incorporated as a town and grew to a population of 2,191. The town of Peterborough later grew into a city on July 1, 1905.

CKRU 1430

CKWF 101.5


Danica Patrick

Danica Patrick (born March 25 1982) is an American auto racer and model. She is the first female to win an IndyCar Series race. She also has the highest finish by a woman in the Indianapolis 500 in third place. She is currently competing in the NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series and the IndyCar Series. In the 2013 Daytona 500, Patrick became the first woman in the Sprint Cup to earn pole position, and led a few laps, also a first for female drivers. Patrick finished 8th, the highest by a female. Patrick was born in Beloit, Wisconsin. 

Ice sledge hockey

Sledge hockey (known as sled hockey in the United States) is a sport that is designed to allow players who have a physical disability to play sport. 
Ice sledge hockey was invented in Sweden in the 1960s at a rehabilitation center. 




On the other side it has six to eight metal teeth for maneuvering and propulsion. Movement is done by using the metal teeth. The metal teeth cannot be longer than 1 centimeter beyond the stick, to help stop damage to the ice or injure of other players.

People who live in Kolín see ice sledge hockey as a normal sport. Kolín's team are on the top of table. Kolín's ice hockey players won last season. Many of Kolín's players play in Czech republic's representation.




Paleozoology

Paleozoology is one of the branches of biology that deals with animal fossils and ancient animal life. The animal fossils are thoroughly studied and the process of evolution of animals is found out.

President of Azerbaijan

The country of Azerbaijan is a republic, with the President of Azerbaijan as the head of state, and the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan as head of government. The Constitution of Azerbaijan makes the President the Commander-in-Chief of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces and the President of Azerbaijan has more powers than the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and the National Assembly of Azerbaijan.

The President is directly elected by the people for a five-year term and can be re-elected without any limit. The President cannot be put on trial or put in prison during his term.

The President can call a national referendum for important issues for the country, such as changing the articles of the Constitution, because a referendum is necessary for changing the Constitution. The Constitution also allows the President to be a member of a political party.

The current President of Azerbaijan is Ilham Aliyev. The list includes all the presidents that lead the country after it became independent in 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed the same year. This is a complete list of the Presidents of Azerbaijan.



Bullet-proof glass

Bullet-proof glass, or bullet-resistant glass, is a type of strong, clear material that resists bullets. Complete protection against all weapons is not possible.

It is usually made from two or more types of material, one hard and one soft. The softer layer makes the glass more elastic, so it can flex (bend) instead of shatter. There must be a clear view through the glass. Bulletproof glass varies in thickness from three-quarters of an inch to three inches.

A popular method is stick a special plastic film to the inner surface of ordinary glass. This 'security laminate' bonds to the glass with an adhesive. This gives a protection similar to the multi-layered bullet-resistant glass. Transparency is better, tint-free; thickness and weight is reduced as much as 50-70%. The laminate can be stuck on to existing windows; this a called a 'retrofit'.

The plastic provides little bullet-resistance. Glass, much harder than plastic, flattens the bullet. The plastic deforms, absorbing energy and (perhaps) stopping the bullet. The ability of the plastic layer to stop projectiles is directly proportional to its thickness. Bulletproof glass may be up to three inches thick.

All the parts of the glass must be transparent. The essential components are these:

The most usual method today requires three parts in layers:

A simpler version is used for car windshields. It consists of two panels of toughened glass, bonded together with polyvinyl butyal (PVB). The PVB stops cracks in the outer glass from spreading.

The idea is for guards inside to be able to shoot out, while attackers can't shoot in. One-way bulletproof glass is usually made of only two layers, a brittle layer on the outside and a flexible one on the inside. A bullet fired from the outside hits the brittle layer first, shattering an area of it. This absorbs some of the bullet's kinetic energy, and spreads it on a larger area. When the slowed bullet hits the flexible layer, it is stopped.

However, when a bullet is fired from the inside, it hits the flexible layer first. The bullet penetrates the flexible layer because its energy is focused on a smaller area; the brittle layer then shatters outward due to the flexing of the inner layer and does not significantly hinder the bullet's progress. A problem with this idea is that a two-layer glass has limited stopping power.

There is a new type of transparent armour with aluminium oxynitride instead of glass. As the outside 'strike plate' layer, it is much lighter and performs better than traditional glass/polymer laminates. Aluminum oxynitride 'glass' can defeat .50 caliber armour-piercing rounds. Various types of other materials which closely resemble glass are also being developed.

Certain types of ceramic can also be used for "transparent" armour. They are denser and harder than traditional glass. These new types of transparent ceramic armours make thinner armour with equal stopping power to traditional laminated glass.

Digital certificates

Digital certificates are electronic 'credit cards' that establish your credentials when doing a business or other transactions on the Web. It is issued by a certification authority (CA). It contains your name, a serial number, expiration dates, a copy of the certificate holder's public key (used for encrypting messages and digital signatures), and the digital signature of the certificate-issuing authority so that a recipient can verify that the certificate is real. Some digital certificates conform to a standard, X.509. Digital certificates can be kept in registries so that authenticating users can look up other users' public keys.

• Class 1 defines the certificate that does not hold any legal validity as the validation process is based only on a valid email ID and involves no direct verification.

• Class 2 category states that a person's identity is to be verified against a trusted,pre-verified database.

• Class 3 requires the person to present himself or herself in front of the registration authority and prove his or her identity.

Date Masamune

In the Edo period, the Date clan were identified as one of the "tozama" or outsider clans, in contrast with the "fudai" or insider "daimyō" clans which were hereditary vassals or allies of the Tokugawa clan.

Date sent troops which fought with the Tokugawa during the Battle of Sekigahara.

The feudal daimyō were sometimes identified with the suffix ""-kō"" (servant) combined with the name of a place or a castle. 

In 1601, Date built the Sendai castle; and the modern-day city of Sendai developed around it. Sendai"-kō" was one of the ways Date Masamune was described.

In 1613-1620, Date send Hasekura Tsunenaga on a diplomatic mission to the courts of Philip III of Spain in Madrid and Pope Paul V in Rome.

This historic visit is called the .

In 1991, a minor planet or main-belt asteroid 6859 Datemasamune was named after this Edo period historical figure.


Laura Feiersinger

Laura Feiersinger (born 5 April 1990 in Saalfelden, Austria) is an Austrian football player. She plays for FC Bayern München as a striker. Her father, Wolfgang Feiersinger, was a player for Borussia Dortmund and the Austrian women's national football team.

She started playing football for the SV Oftering. From 2001 till 2008 she played for 1. SK Saalfelden and later vor FC Pinzgau Saalfelden, a club coming out of the fusion between 1. Saalfeldner SK und ESV Saalfelden, the second club in Saalfelden. 2008 she went to USK Hof, the champion of the 2nd league west and played in the play off matches versus SV Groß-Schweinbarth. Together with Hof she was promoted to the ÖFB Frauenliga.

In 2010 she went to Germany and joined Herforder SV, which was, in this season, promoted to the Bundesliga. 2011/12 she went to FC Bayern München and debuted on 21 August 2011 versus Bayer Leverkusen. 2016 she went on to SC Sand. 2018 she went to 1. FFC/Eintracht Frankfurt.

Laura Feiersinger played for the Austrian U17 and U19 team and since 2010 in the Austrian women football national team.
The article uses information from de.wikipedia.org.

Pope Alexander

Pope Alexander may mean:


Patrick Murphy

Patrick Murphy may mean

Frank Drake

Frank Donald Drake PhD (May 28, 1930 – September 2, 2022) was an American astronomer (a scientist who studies the universe and what is inside it) and astrophysicist (someone who studies the physics of astronomy). He is most famous for joining in the first new SETI (Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence) experiment in 1960 and for making the Drake equation.

Born on the 28th of May 1930 in Chicago to Richard and Winifred Drake. As a young boy in Chicago, Drake loved electronics and chemistry. He says that he thought of life on other planets but never talked about the idea with his family or teachers.

He enrolled at Cornell University on a Navy Reserve Officer Training Corps scholarship. Once there, he began studying astronomy. A lecture from astrophysist Otto Struve in 1951 strengthen Drake's ideas about the possibility of extraterrestrial life. After college, he served briefly as an electronics officer on the USS Albany. He then went on to graduate school at Harvard in radio astronomy.

Drake's hobbies included lapidary and orchid cultivation.

Drake started his career undertaking radio astronomical research at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) in Green Bank, West Virginia, and for a short time in 1963 at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. He conducted key measurements which revealed the presence of a Jovian ionosphere and magnetosphere.

In 1960, he started Project Ozma, which searches for extraterrestrial life. Drake is one of the pioneers of the modern field of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence with Giuseppe Cocconi, Philip Morrison, Iosif Shklovsky, and Carl Sagan. 

Drake joined the Astronomy faculty of Cornell University in 1963. Drake lead the conversion of the Arecibo Observatory to a radio astronomical facility. He lead Arecibo's improvements in 1974 and 1996. As a researcher, Drake was involved in the early work on pulsars. Drake was a professor at Cornell University and Director of the National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center – the formal name for the Arecibo facility. In 1974 he wrote the Arecibo message.

Drake co-designed the Pioneer plaque with Carl Sagan in 1972, the first physical message sent into space. The plaque was made to be read by clever alien life if they find it. He later helped the making of the Voyager Golden Record. He was elected to the AAAS in 1974.

Drake was a member of the National Academy of Sciences where he chaired the Board of Physics and Astronomy of the National Research Council (1989–92). He also served as President of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific. He was involved in "The Carl Sagan Center for the Study of life in the universe".

He was Emeritus Professor of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the University of California, Santa Cruz where he also served as Dean of Natural Sciences (1984–88). He served on the Board of Trustees of the SETI Institute.

Drake died on September 2, 2022 at his home in Aptos, California from natural causes at the age of 92.

Drake Planetarium at Norwood High School in Norwood, Ohio is named for Dr. Drake and linked to NASA.



Pope Alexander III

Pope Alexander III (; c. 1100 – 30 August 1181), born Orlando Bandinelli, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 171st Pope. He was Pope from 1159 to 1181.

He was born in Siena. He was a member of the Bandinelli family.

In 1150, Pope Eugene III made Bandinelli a Cardinal.

Cardinal Bandinelli was elected pope on September 7, 1159; and he chose the name Alexander III. His papacy was disputed by Antipope Victor IV, Antipope Paschal III, Antipope Calixtus III and Antipope Innocent III.

Pope Alexander was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Alexander's support for Thomas Becket, the Archbishop of Canterbury, did not resolve conflicts with the Henry II of England. After Becket was murdered, Alexander canonized him.


Pope Clement VII

Clement VII (; 26 May 1478 – 25 September 1534), born Giulio di Giuliano de' Medici, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 220th Pope from 1523 to 1534.

Giulio di Medici was born in Florence one month after his father's death. He was the nephew of Lorenzo de' Medici and he was a cousin of Pope Leo X.

Leo X made Medici the Archbishop of Florence.

On 23 September 1513, Medici was made cardinal.

In 1523, Cardinal Medici was elected pope. He chose to be called Clement VII.

Pope Clement was involved in Italian and European political disputes.[3]

Clement ordered Michelangelo's painting of "The Last Judgment" in the Sistine Chapel.



Suzanne Somers

Suzanne Somers (October 16, 1946 – October 15, 2023) was an American actress, singer and business woman. She was born in San Bruno, California.

In 1977, she married Canadian producer Alan Hamel.

She appeared in many television series. Somers is best known for playing the part of Chrissy Snow on the first five seasons of "Three's Company". She was fired by ABC after she want to be paid the same as her male co-star John Ritter. She later made her comeback with the shows "She's the Sheriff" (which was syndicated) and "Step by Step" (which aired on ABC). She has written many bestselling books.

Somers was diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer in 2000. She had a lumpectomy and recovered. She was criticized for her strong views about medical subjects. Her promotions of alternative cancer treatments had been subject to criticism from American Cancer Society.

Somers died at her home in Palm Springs, California on October 15, 2023 from breast cancer, one day before her 77th birthday.

Cape Mendocino

Cape Mendocino is a geographic feature of the northern Californian coastline. It is the westernmost point of the coast of California in Humboldt County.

The cape was named in the 1540s. The name honors Antonio de Mendoza. He was the Viceroy of New Spain.

This It has been known as a landmark since the 16th century. Spanish ships crossed the Pacific Ocean by following the Pacific trade winds. The North Equatorial Current brought them to the North American coastline. After landfall, the Manila galleons would sail down the coast to Acapulco in Mexico.

Francis Drake sighted Cape Mendocino in 1576.

Hasekura Tsunenaga's sailed from Japan to Cape Mendocino in 1613. Hasekura was on a diplomatic mission. He was traveling to the courts of Philip II of Spain and Pope Paul V.

The Cape Mendocino region is an active earthquake zone. In April 1992, three big earthquakes were centered near the cape.

The Mendocino Triple Junction is to the west of Cape Mendocino under the Pacific Ocean. It is a geologic triple junction where three tectonic plates come together. The San Andreas Fault, a transform boundary, runs south from the junction, separating the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. To the north is the Cascadia subduction zone, where the Gorda Plate is being subducted under the edge of the North American plate. Running west from the triple junction is the Mendocino Fracture Zone, the transform boundary between the Gorda Plate and the Pacific Plate.


Cavaquinho

The cavaquinho (pronounced [kavɐˈkiɲu] in Portuguese) is a small string instrument of the European guitar family with four wire or gut strings. Its standard tuning is D, G, B, D. Other tunings include D-A-B-E (Portuguese old tuning, made popular by Júlio Pereira) and G-G-B-D and A-A-C#-E. Guitarists often use D-G-B-E tuning to imitate the highest four strings of the guitar. The G-C-E-A tuning is sometimes used to imitate the soprano/tenor ukulele, an instrument developed from the cavaquinhos that the Portuguese took to Hawaii in the late 19th century.

Gower

Gower is a peninsula in Wales. It is near Swansea. It has many scenic sights like caves.

Gangrel

David William Heath (born February 16, 1969) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for competing with the World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name, Gangrel.

As Gangrel, he was known for forming the professional wrestling stable, The Brood. He portrayed a vampire gimmick and would wear fangs, come down to the ring with a goblet of blood and drink from it and gave other wrestlers blood baths.



Plucked string instrument

Plucked string instruments are instruments that are plucked either by fingerpicking or a pick. Examples of this are guitars, ukuleles, lutes, bass guitars, mandolins and banjos.

Raven's Nest

Raven's Nest (also known as Raven's Flock) was a professional wrestling stable that was active in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) from 1995 to 1997 which was led by Raven. The stable was also active in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). 



Circus (album)

Circus is the 6th album by Britney Spears. It consists of electropop and dance pop. This hit record was released on November 28, 2008. The album debuted on "Billboard" 200 near the top; it sold half a million copies during its 1st week and received positive review from critics. The album's lead single was "Womanizer". Other singles released were the title track, "If U Seek Amy", and "Radar."

Fingerpicking

Fingerpicking is a technique used on all plucked string instruments. Some plucked stringed instrument players may prefer using a pick, some may prefer fingerpicking.

Duluth, Minnesota

Duluth is a city in northeast Minnesota next to Lake Superior and next to Superior, Wisconsin. It is the westernmost U.S. city on the Great Lakes. While the lake has an average elevation of 602 feet above sea level, the adjacent hills rise and an additional 800 feet above it.

Duluth is the county seat of Saint Louis County. It is the fourth largest city in Minnesota. At the 2020 census, Duluth had 86,697 people. Duluth is the second largest city on Lake Superior after Thunder Bay, Ontario. It has the largest metropolitan area on Lake Superior. The Duluth MSA had 280,384 people in 2020. Duluth forms a metropolitan area with Superior, Wisconsin called the "Twin Ports". 

The harbor at Duluth-Superior is accessible to ocean-going vessels from the Atlantic Ocean away via the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence Seaway. Together the two cities are the Great Lakes' largest port transporting coal, iron ore (taconite), and grain.

Scenic Lake Superior and rugged coastline with its interesting geologic features make the Duluth area an important tourist destination for the Midwest, with a variety of activities and points of interest available to visitors. During summers, many music festivals take place on the waterfront and the Canal Park area restaurants and shops attract hundreds of thousands visitors.

In the fall, visitors flock to Duluth and locations along the North Shore of Lake Superior to take in the colorful leaves and scenic vistas among the many waterfalls along Highway 61. Each year, 16,000 people come to Duluth to run the "Grandma's Marathon", with thousands more in attendance to show their support.

In the winter, the same rugged geology that provides a scenic backdrop for the city provides many months of downhill skiing and other winter activities at Spirit Mountain. Families also flock to Bentleyvilleto take in the holiday displays that light the night. Each January, the 300 mile Johnbear Grease Sled Dog Marathonbegins in Duluth.

America's only all-freshwater aquarium, the Great Lakes Aquarium. Duluth is known for the Aerial Lift Bridge, which spans the Duluth Ship Canal into the Duluth-Superior Harbor. People also visit Minnesota Point (known as Park Point locally), one of the world's longest freshwater sand spits, that is long. People come to the city to start vehicle trips along Minnesota's famous North Shore. The 610' long William A Irvin is a museum ship that used to be the flagship of the United States Steel ore carrier fleet.

The city is named after Daniel Greysolon, Le Sieur du Luth, the first known European explorer of the areaand today is famously known as the birthplace of Bob Dylan. 


The Partridge Family

The Partridge Family was an American situation comedy. It was about a widowed mother and five children who become involved in music. The series was shown from September 25, 1970 to August 31, 1974 on ABC Network. It was produced by Paul Junger Witt.

List of national capitals

This is a list of national capital cities in alphabetical order. It includes territories and dependencies, non-sovereign states including associated states, and entities whose sovereignty is disputed. Sovereign states are shown in bold text.


Testimonial

A testimonial is when a company uses a celebrity or famous person or a member of the public to endorse a product so the consumer wants it too. For example a professional football player recommends a particular brand of shirts. The idea behind this is for the consumer to think "Oh! That famous person likes that shirt, I think I'll get it too!".

Behind These Hazel Eyes

"Behind These Hazel Eyes" is a hit single from 2005 by singer Kelly Clarkson from her 2004 album Breakaway. The song is about a relationship in which a man breaks a girl's heart and doesn't care how much he hurts her.

Nightwing

Nightwing is a name that has been used by several fictional characters in the DC Comics universe. The name was used early on with characters related to Superman. Superman was the first to use the name. The most well know use of the name for a character was the original Robin, Dick Grayson. The comic book "Nightwing", about this version of the character was printed from 1996 until 2009. A new volume of the comic has been published from 2011 and is still being published today.

Frustration

In psychology, frustration is a common emotional way to act when things go wrong. It is a feeling of being angry and sad when something one wants or wishes for does not happen. 

In physics, frustration (or geometrical frustration) is a property of water molecules in ice when a freezing crystal is formed. The presence of random or conflicting atoms stop the ice from being completely frozen. It is called "water ice".

Indo-Pakistani War of 1971

The Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 was a military conflict between India and Pakistan. Lasting just 13 days, it is considered one of the shortest wars in history.

During the war, Indian and Pakistani forces fought on the eastern and western fronts. The war effectively came to an end after the Eastern Command of the Pakistani Armed Forces signed the Instrument of Surrender (1971) on December 16, 1971. After the surrender, East Pakistan seceded as the independent state of Bangladesh. Around 97,368 West Pakistanis who were in East Pakistan at the time of its independence, including some 79,700 Pakistan Army soldiers and paramilitary personnel and 12,500 civilians, were taken as prisoners of war by India.
The Soviet Union sided with the Bangladeshis, and supported the Indian Army and Mukti Bahini during the war. The Soviets thought that the independence of Bangladesh would weaken the position of its rivals—the United States and China. The USSR gave assurances to India that if a confrontation with the United States or China developed, it would take counter-measures. This assurance was enshrined in the Indo-Soviet friendship treaty signed in August 1971.

The United States supported Pakistan politically and with supplies. President Richard Nixon and his Secretary of State Henry Kissinger feared Soviet expansion into South and Southeast Asia. Pakistan was a close ally of the People's Republic of China, with whom Nixon had been negotiating a "rapprochement". Nixon was planning to visit China in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of West Pakistan would give the Soviets control over the region. It would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of America's new tacit ally, China. In order to demonstrate to China the "bona fides" of the United States as an ally, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan, routing them through Jordan and Iran, while also encouraging China to increase its arms supplies to Pakistan. The Nixon administration also ignored reports it received of the "genocidal" activities of the Pakistani Army in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram. This prompted widespread criticism and condemnation both by Congress and in the international press.
The United States introduced a resolution in the UN Security Council calling for a cease-fire and the withdrawal of armed forces by India and Pakistan. It was vetoed by the Soviet Union. In the following days Nixon and Kissinger tried to get India to withdraw, but they did not succeed.

President Nixon requested Iran and Jordan to send their F-86, F-104 and F-5 fighter jets in aid of Pakistan. 

When Pakistan's defeat in the eastern sector seemed certain, Nixon deployed a carrier battle group led by the aircraft carrier USS "Enterprise" into the Bay of Bengal. The "Enterprise" and its escort ships arrived on station on 11 December 1971. According to a Russian documentary, the United Kingdom deployed a carrier battle group led by the aircraft carrier HMS "Eagle" to the Bay.

On 6 December and 13 December, the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of cruisers and destroyers and a submarine armed with nuclear missiles from Vladivostok; they trailed U.S. Task Force 74 into the Indian Ocean from 18 December 1971 until 7 January 1972. The Soviets also had a nuclear submarine to help ward off the threat posed by USS "Enterprise" task force in the Indian Ocean.

Long Buckby

Long Buckby is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England, midway between Northampton and Rugby. In the 2001 census the parish of Long Buckby (which includes the hamlet of Long Buckby Wharf) had a population of exactly 4,000.
It is a part of the Daventry district. In the local elections of 2007 the Conservatives retained the seat but with a smaller majority than previous elections.

Malay Wikipedia

Malay Wikipedia (Malay: Wikipedia Bahasa Melayu, Jawi script: ويکيڤيديا بهاس ملايو, abbreviation: mswiki) is the Malay version of Wikipedia. Started in October 2002, currently has over articles as in November 2011.

It is the 29th largest edition.


Atmel AVR

The AVR microcontroller architecture was developed by Atmel in 1996. It is based on the Harvard microcontroller architecture. The AVR was one of the first microcontroller families to use on-chip flash memory for program storage, as opposed to one-time programmable ROM, EPROM, or EEPROM used by other microcontrollers at the time.

Many people think that AVR stands for Alf (Egil Bogen) and Vegard (Wollan)'s Risc processor".

This architecture replaces older MCS-51 architecture. One machine cycle of MCS-51 takes 12 clock cycles and most of instructions are executed in one machine cycle.

AVR microcontrollers (MCUs) can execute most of instructions in single machine cycle too, but one machine cycle takes only one clock cycle. Performance per clock cycle is 12 times higher with AVR.

The core has 32 general purpose registers directly connected to ALU. It allowing two independent
registers to be accessed and instruction with them executed in one machine cycle.
tinyAVR

megaAVR

XMEGA

Every AVR has some input/output ports. The port has up to 8 physical pins on its package. Every pin can be configured as input or output. If a pin is used for input, it can turn on built-in pull-up resistors through register PORTx. If a pin is configured as output, it can handleup to 40mA of load per pin and max 100mA for all pins on the port.

A/D converter

Timers/counters (8-bit or 16-bit)

TWI – Two Wire Interface
This uses the same protocol as IC and can be used as IC interface

UART/USART
The UART can be used for RS232/RS485 communication.

SPI - Serial Peripheral Interface

USI - Universal Serial Interface

JTAG

D/A converter



Vienna Circle

The Vienna Circle (in German: der Wiener Kreis) was the name of a group of philosophers who began meeting around the University of Vienna in 1922.

Many famous philosophers were members. Some of its members were:


Most followed the philosophy that came to be known as logical positivism.

Ludwig Wittgenstein's, 1921 book "Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus" formed the basis for the group's ideas. Wittgenstein himself insisted that they did not understand him correctly and took to quietly reading poetry to himself during their meetings. 

The Vienna Circle was broken up when the Nazi party came to power in Germany in 1933, many of its members moved to the USA, where they became teachers in several universities. 

The Vienna Circle's influence on 20th century philosophy was very large.

University of Vienna

The University of Vienna (German: Universität Wien) is a public university in Vienna, Austria. It was founded by Duke Rudolph IV in 1365 and is the oldest university in the German-speaking world. It is the largest university in Austria and one of the largest in Europe.

National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe

National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe (in Italian: "Giorno del Ricordo") is Italian celebration in memory of ethnic cleansing's victims in massacres of Foibe and exiles from Dalmatia, Istria and "Venezia Giulia". 

Italian president Giorgio Napolitano took an official speech in which he stated:
Step for this celebration was allowed by the end of communist totalitarian regimes in Balkan nations because culpability of these crimes is of old politicians. Celebration was instituted in 2004 and first Memorial Day was held in 2005.


Pope Alexander IV

Pope Alexander IV (; c. 1185 – 25 May 1261), born Rinaldo Conti di Segni, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 182nd Pope from 1254 until his death.

Rinaldo Conti di Segni was born into the family of the counts of Segni. His relations included Pope Innocent III and Pope Gregory IX.

In 1227, Gregory IX made Conti a cardinal.

Cardinal Conti was elected pope on December 12, 1254. He chose to be called Alexander IV.

Pope Alexander was involved in Italian and European political disputes. The pope tried and failed to affect politics in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.



Keichō

The "nengō" "Keichō" means "Eternal Jubilance" or "Eternal Jubilance".




Senedd

The Senedd (), previously called the National Assembly building, contains the "debating chamber" and 3 committee rooms for the Welsh Parliament in Cardiff. The building is 5,308 square meters (57,100 sq ft) large.

After 2 selection processes were held, it was decided a new debating chamber for Wales was to built on a new site," Site 1E," at Capital Waterside in Cardiff Bay. 

Richard Rogers, an architect who had won the Pritzker Prize, won the international competition to design the building. It was designed to be sustainable, with renewable technologies, and to be energy efficient. The building was awarded an "Excellent" certification by the" Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method", the highest ever certification to be awarded in Wales, and was nominated for the 2006 Stirling Prize. The Senedd is now a symbol of Cardiff, and Wales.

The Senedd was constructed in two phases, the first in 2001 and the second starting in August 2003, until it was handed over to the National Assembly in February 2006.

Between the phases, the National Assembly changed contractors and the management structure of the project, but kept Rogers as architect.

Once finished, the building cost almost 6 times more than expected, and was finished 4 years and 10 months late (compared to estimates in 1997).

The cost grew because of the extra security that had to be added after the September 11 attacks, and because the National Assembly did not have an independent estimate of the project's cost until December 2000, three years after the original estimate. The costs of the second phase grew by less than 6% over budget, and was 6 months late, because of ICT problems.

It was opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 1 March 2006 and it cost £69.6 million, which included £49.7 million in construction costs. The Senedd is part of the land owned by the National Assembly that includes Tŷ Hywel and the Pierhead Building.

June Christy

June Christy (November 20, 1925 in Springfield, Illinois - June 21, 1990) was an American singer. She started her singing career with the Stan Kenton Orchestra. Her solo career began in 1954. She was active until 1988.

Christy died in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from renal failure. After her death, people called her one of the finest and most neglected singers of her time.

Pall Mall

Pall Mall is a street in the City of Westminster, London. It is parallel to The Mall. Pall Mall East leads into Trafalgar Square.

The street's name is taken from a game called 'pall mall'. The game was a mallet-and-ball game played in the early 17th century.

Pall Mall is probably best known for its many gentlemen's clubs.



119 (number)

119 (One hundred [and] nineteen) is the natural number that comes after 118 and comes before 120. In Roman numerals, it is CXIX.



Seneca

Seneca may mean many different things:




Jo Stafford

Jo Stafford, (November 12, 1917 - July 16, 2008) was an American singer for traditional pop (or called standard pop) and for jazz standards. She was born in Coalinga, California. Her career began during the late 1930s and lasted until the early 1960s. Stafford was strongly admired for the purity of her voice; she was one of the most versatile singers of the era. In 1961 she won Grammy Awards for Best Comedy Album. She died of congestive heart failure in Century City, Los Angeles.


Hilaire Belloc

Hilaire Belloc (27 July 1870 – 1953) was a French-born English writer, poet, satirist and politician . He wrote many different poems which he put into the book "Cautionary Tales for Children". That book included the famous Matilda. This poem was about a girl who told lies and was burned to death. Belloc was one of the most productive writers in 1902.

Belloc was a politician as well as a writer. He was a Member of Parliament from 1906 until 1910. While he many things in addition to writing, he is best known for his writing. These poems included characters such as Jim, who ran away from his nurse and was eaten by a lion and Matilda who told lies and was burnt to death. Belloc was also well known as a speaker, man of letters and political activist.

FC Dinamo Tbilisi

FC Dinamo Tbilisi is a football club from Tbilisi, Georgia. The club was one of the best in the Soviet Top League, but after the Soviet Union broke up, the club joined the newly created league, the Umaglesi Liga. The team won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, Soviet Top League, Soviet Cup, Umaglesi Liga, Georgian Cup, Georgian Super Cup and the CIS Cup.

1981
1964, 1978
1976, 1979
1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2003, 2005, 2008
1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2003, 2004, 2009
1996, 1997, 1999, 2005, 2008
2004

Boris Paichadze Stadium

The Boris Paichadze Stadium is a stadium in Tbilisi, Georgia built in 1976. The stadium is home to FC Dinamo Tbilisi and the Georgia national football team. The stadium is used for football and rugby. The stadium can hold around 56,000 people.

Alejandro García Casañas

Alejandro García Casañas (born on 14 January 1970 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish retired professional footballer and a current coach. He played as a defender. As a player, he only got 278 appearances for his 13 years of clubs. He currently coaches FC Dinamo Tbilisi.

Wiki Conference India

Wiki Conference India was a event held in India for users of Wikimedia projects. It was hosted by the Mumbai users of Wikimedia and Wikimedia India Chapter





Austrian Regionalliga West

The Regionalliga West is one of three 3rd level football leagues in Austria. The Regionalliga West is formed by teams from the federal states Vorarlberg, Tyrol (only North Tyrol) and Salzburg. The league was formed in the 1980/81 season.

The champions of the three leagues have to play relegation matches against the 9th from the first league. Amateur teams of professional clubs are not allowed to promote, so Red Bull Juniors, last seasons champion, is still playing in this league.


Kate Smith

Kathryn Elizabeth Smith, better known as Kate Smith (May 1, 1907 – June 17, 1986) was an American singer and musician. She is best known for being plus sized and for singing "God Bless America". Her radio, television and recording career began around 1930. It reached its best during the 1940s. She died from complications of diabetes in June 1986.

Harley-Davidson

Harley-Davidson, or H-D for short, is an American motorcycle maker that started making motorcycles in Milwaukee in 1903. The company makes heavyweight motorcycles that are designed for cruising on the highway; they're called Harleys. Harley-Davidson is one of two big U.S. companies that made motorcycles that was still in business after the Great Depression; the other closed down in 1953.

Harleys have a special look and sound. Most new Harleys, except the V-Rods, are made to look like old Harleys. Harley-Davidson made small motorcycles in the US and in Italy, but they didn't sell well enough. They stopped making small motorcycles in the US in 1966 and in Italy in 1978.

Harley-Davidson and their motorcycles have many fans. The fans can join clubs and go to events or to Harley-Davidson's museum. Apart from selling motorcycles, Harley-Davidson also charges fees for companies to put Harley-Davidson's logos on the things they make. Less than one-hundredth of the money Harley-Davidson made in 2010 came from these fees.

William S. Harley, Arthur Davidson, William A. Davidson and Walter Davidson, Sr. were inducted into the Labor Hall of Honor. They were given the award for their good work for the H-D company and its workforce.

Eduard Kainberger

Eduard "Edi" Kainberger (born 20 November 1911 in Salzburg, died 7 March 1974) was an Austrian football player. He played as goalkeeper for SAK 1914 and the Austrian amateur footballteam. With this team he won the silver medal at the 1936 Olympic football tournament.
Together with his younger brother Karl he played for Salzburger AK 1914 in the Salzburger football league. He won several titles with the club and played for the first time in the national team in 1933 versus Hungary. At the 1936 Olympic games he won with the Austrian squad the silver medal and played 4 matches during the tournament. In 1938 he went to TSV 1860 München. Till his 42th year he played 1200 times as goalkeeper.

Hurricane Dolly

Hurricane Dolly was the first United States hurricane of 2008. The storm struck south central Texas with winds of around 100 miles an hour. Dolly caused no deaths within Texas. Damage, however, was estimated between $1 billion and $2 billion. The storm hit in July 2008. Despite the extensive damage, the name Dolly was not retired.

Ultralight material

Ultralight materials are very light substances. They include silica aerogels, carbon nanotube aerogels, metallic foams, polymeric foams, and metallic microlattices. The density of air is about 1.275 mg/cm, which means that the air in the pores greatly lowers the density of the material.

The lightest material ever made was invented in 2011. It is made out of a microscopic micro-lattice of hollow tubes – a criss-cross diagonal pattern with open spaces between the tubes. The researchers say the material is 100 times lighter than Styrofoam and is very strong. The material is low density: it has a density of 0.9 milligrams per cubic centimetre. Silica aerogels, the world's lightest "solid" materials, are only as low as 1.0 mg per cubic cm. The metallic micro-lattices are 99.99% air and only 0.01% solid. The metal used is nickel.

The material is not just light: it has some elastic properties. When it is squashed, the little tubes are also squashed, but when the pressure is removed, they rebound. A sample squashed to half its height rebounds 98% when the pressure is lifted. That makes the material similar in some ways to elastomers: they are materials used to cushion against shock.

Venona project

The Venona project was a long time secret plan which started in February 1943 by the United States Army Signal Intelligence Service. The project was transferred to the National Security Agency and had many names. However, VENONA was the last name that was used. The word VENONA is usually in capital letters (VENONA) but some writings use lowercase letters (Venona). VENONA was made to decrypt secret communications of Soviet intelligence agencies including NKVD, KGB and GRU. Decryption was possible because the encrypting one-time pads were reused.

The Venona project was most famous for the Julius and Ethel Rosenberg case known as LIBERAL and it ended in both of them being executed. VENONA exposed other spies including Klaus Fuchs and Alger Hiss. 

In July 1995, the first six documents were shown which included had 49 messages about the Soviets trying to get information on the United States atomic bomb and the Manhattan Project. In the next five more years, about 3,000 VENONA messages were made public.


Renaud

Renaud, popular name of Renaud Séchan (born 1952, Paris) is a French singer and songwriter. He sang "Dans mon H.L.M.", "Laisse béton", "Les Bobos", "Manhattan-Kaboul", "Marche à l’ombre", "Mistral gagnant", "Molly Malone" and "Mon beauf’". In the 90s, he was a contributor for the satirical weekly magazine "Charlie Hebdo".

In August 2005, Renaud married Romane Serda. In September 2011, Romane divorced Renaud on the account of his alcoholism and depression.




Mars Science Laboratory

The Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) is a NASA mission to land and control a rover named Curiosity on the surface of the planet Mars. The MSL was launched on November 26, 2011. The MSL successfully did the first-ever precision landing on Mars. It landed on Mars at Gale Crater on August 5, 2012 and began exploring the surface.

The goal of the Curiosity rover is to study the history of Mars. It was to see whether Mars has, or ever had, an environment able to support microbial life. It indeed did that, finding evidence that 3 Billion years ago there was once water and an environment that could support life. This means it found that life could have existed, but not that it certainly did. It will also carefully look at samples scooped up from the soil and drilled powders from rocks.

"Curiosity" is five times as heavy as the Mars Exploration Rovers "Spirit" or "Opportunity" and carries more than ten times their mass of scientific instruments . It was launched by an Atlas V 541 rocket. "Curiosity" will be expected to work for at least 1 Martian year (668 Martian sols/686 Earth days), but may live a lot longer than that. It will explore Mars with greater range than any other rover.

Mars Science Laboratory mission is part of NASA's Mars Exploration Program. The program is a long-term mission of robotic exploration of Mars. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory of the California Institute of Technology manages the program for NASA. The total cost of the MSL project is about US$2.3 billion.


Mayfair

Mayfair (first called The May Fair) is an area in central London. It is in the city of Westminster.

Mayfair is named after the annual fortnight-long "May Fair" that happened in a place that is Shepherd Market today (from 1686 until it was banned at that place in 1764). Until 1686, the May Fair was held in Haymarket, and after 1764, it moved to Fair Field in Bow.

Mayfair was bordered by Hyde Park to the west, Oxford Street to the north, Piccadilly to the south and Bond Street to the east, although the eastern boundary has been made longer recently, so now it goes all the way to Regent Street. Most of the area was first made between the mid 17th century and the mid 18th century.

The district is mostly commercial now. It has many offices in houses and new buildings. The price of rents in Mayfair are some of the highest in London and the world. There is still a large number of houses as well as some exclusive shopping and London's largest number of luxury hotels and many restaurants. Some buildings in Mayfair are:

The City of Westminster uses the Mayfair Library as a local library.

St. Nicholas College of London has lessons in English and other languages for people who live in and visit Mayfair.



Walla Walla, Washington

Walla Walla is a town in Washington. It is known for its wine vineyards. It is near the Oregon state line. It is also the home to Whitman College and a state prison.

Overpass

An overpass is a bridge over a road, railway, or similar pathway. It allows people or vehicles to cross pathways without coming into contact with the traffic on the other pathway.

Folie à deux

Folie à deux is the name for a condition where an otherwise sane person develops the symptoms and delusions of a person suffering from psychosis. If more than two people share the symptoms or delusions, people speak about "folie à trois" (3), "folie à quatre" (4), "folie à plusieurs", or "folie en famille". Officially, the condition is known as induced delusional disorder or shared psychotic disorder today, but many publications still use the original terms, which were developed in France in the 19th century.
Today, there are two main forms of the condition:
Newer studies seem to indicate that this classification may not be sufficient to fully describe 'folie à deux'. There may be more symptoms than are usually described in the cases above. Also, in many cases, separating the two patients may not be enough to make the condition go away in one of them. Also, the person described as "sane" before developing the folie à deux may already be suffering from a psychiatric illness, or may develop one. 

The condition was first described in an article pubilshed by Ernest-Charles Lasègue and Jules Farlet in 1877.

Mass hysteria can be seen as a form of folie à deux.

SnRNP

Small nuclear RNA (snRNP, or 'snurps'), joins with proteins to form spliceosomes. The spliceosomes govern alternative splicing.

The background to this is that, in eukaryotes, most genes code for a protein in separated strings of DNA. This is because, of a total gene, coding bits (exons) are separated by non-coding bits (introns). The process called alternative splicing can produce many possible proteins from the gene parts because the proteins are put together in different ways. Alternative splicing produces alternative messenger RNAs, and these produce different proteins. Spliceosomes control the details of the splicing.

The two essential components of snRNPs are protein molecules and RNA. The RNA found within each snRNP particle is known as small nuclear RNA, or snRNA, and is usually about 150 nucleotides in length. The snRNA component of the snurp is specific to individual introns because it 'recognises' the sequences of critical signals at the ends and branch sites of introns. The snRNA in snurps is similar to ribosomal RNA: it acts both as an enzyme (catalyst) and builds structure.

SnRNPs were discovered by Michael Lerner and Joan Steitz.
Thomas Cech and Sidney Altman also played a role in the discovery, winning the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1989 for their independent discoveries that RNA can act as a catalyst in cell development.

Google Nexus

The Nexus is a series of Android smartphones and tablets produced by Google in co-operation with some phone-making companies. The purpose of the Nexus phones and tablets is to offer a "pure Android experience", in which the phones or tablets come free of carrier or manufacturer modifications and with an unlockable bootloader to allow for further development and end-user modification. Nexus phones and tablets were once considered the "flagship" Android devices. The Nexus line was later replaced with the Google Pixel.

Phones in the series:


Tablets in the series:


The series also had a media streaming device known as the Nexus Q, however it was never officially released because it didn't have enough features to make it worth using.



Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked

Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is a 2011 movie starring Jason Lee as David Seville. The main characters for the movie are Alvin, Simon, Theodore and the Chipettes. The movie was released on December 16, 2011.

Dave Seville (Jason Lee), the chipmunks, and the chipettes are on a cruise with Dave for a family vacation. Dave discovers that his old boss, Ian Hawke (David Cross) is working as a pelican on the Cruise. Dave warns Alvin to not have too much fun but Alvin does not listen and him and the other chipmunks get blown away while holding onto a kite and they end up stranded on a deserted island. Dave tries to take a hanglider to find the chipmunks but after Ian tries to stop him and they both end up in the ocean.

On the island, the chipmunks try to find food and they meet a castaway, Zoe (Jenny Slate). She shows the chipmunks her hut she built with a zip line. Eleanor sprains her ankle after falling from the zip line and Simon gets bitten by a spider. This gives him a neurotoxin disease making him believe he is a French explorer named "Simone." Simone asks Jeanette to dance, thinking she is beautiful, much to Alvin's dismay. Zoe takes Simone, Jeanette, Eleanor and Theodore to a waterfall and Simone finds a cave full of gold and jewellery.

The next day, Alvin and Brittnay notice the volcano on the island is active and decide they had better leave the island after Dave and Ian arrive at the island. They begin to build a raft to escape the island. Simone and Jeanette are still looking for food. Zoe knocks Simone out with a golf ball, and captures Jeanette. She forces her to give her all the gold, by tying Jeanette to a rope and putting her down into the cave. Even though Jeanette refuses, Zoe still makes her.

Later, Simon wakes up as his normal self and cannot remember anything after the spider bite. When the others cross a tree log to find Jeanette but when the ground begins to rumble, Zoe lets go of the rope. Jeanette follows Dave and Alvin back but gets caught by Zoe who still forces Jeanette to give her the gold. Simon saves Jeanette from Zoe. Alvin cuts the rope, releasing Zoe's grip and as the log begins to crack, Dave hangs on and Ian finally convinces Zoe to help save Dave.

They escape the island on the raft just as the volcano erupts and later are rescued by a rescue helicopter, Jeanette gives Zoe a bracelet that Simone gave her as a present. Alvin and Dave reconcile.

The chipmunks and chipettes perform at the International Music Awards and Ian gets his job back by selling Zoe's story to Hollywood.

In the epilogue on the flight home, Alvin speaks on the pilot's microphone that the plane is heading for Timbuktu. The flight attendant says the flight will leave now and Alvin accidentally pushes the food cart and it hits Dave and Dave yells "ALLLLVINNN!!"


Joan Gamper Trophy

The Joan Gamper Trophy (also known as Joan Gamper Cup) is a yearly friendly football competition before the start of FC Barcelona's season. The tournament is named after a player, and president, of FC Barcelona whose name was Joan Gamper. The tournament is always hosted by FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou. The trophy is pure silver and gold.

Metalist Stadium

Oblast Sports Complex "Metalist" (, commonly known as simply the Metalist Stadium) is a stadium in Kharkiv, Ukraine. The stadium was one of the venues for the UEFA Euro 2012. The stadium can hold 38,633 people. F.C. Metalist Kharkiv plays there. The stadium was first opened on September 12, 1926. The stadium's only renovation was on December 5, 2009, for the UEFA Euro 2012.

Alfred Riedl

Alfred Riedl (2 November 1949 – 8 September 2020) was an Austrian football player. He played as striker in Austria and Belgium. He was also a football coach.

He played for FK Austria Wien until his 22nd year. Then he went to Belgium and played there 8 seasons for Sint-Truiden, Royal Antwerp and Standard Liège. After he came back to Austria he played for KK Austria, Grazer AK, Wiener Sportclub and VfB Admira Wacker Mödling. He was two times top scorer in the Belgian league.

From 1974-1978 he played four matches for the Austrian national football team. 
As a manager, Riedl has coached Olympique Khouribga (Morocco, 1993–94), Al-Zamalek (Egypt, 1994–95), Al Salmiya (Kuwait, 2001–03), and many national teams, including Austria (1990–92), Liechtenstein (1997–98), Palestine (2004–05), Vietnam (1998–2001, 2003–04, 2005–2007), and Laos.

Riedl died on 8 September 2020 of cancer in Vienna at the age of 70.





Halkett boat

A Halkett boat is a type of lightweight inflatable boat. The boat was first created by (1820–1885) during the 1840s. Halkett had been interested in the problems of travelling in the Canadian Arctic. He wanted to make a boat that was light enough to be carried over bad terrain, but strong enough to be used in very bad weather conditions.

Halkett's first design was a boat that was made using cloth combined with rubber. This boat could be filled with air (inflated) to float on water or the air could be removed (deflated) so it would be smaller and lighter to carry. When deflated, the hull of the boat could be worn as a cloak. The oar used as a walking stick and the sail could be used as an umbrella. Next, he created a two-man boat that was small enough to fit into a knapsack. When it was deflated, It could be used as a waterproof blanket.

Many people who explored Canada liked his ideas but they were not very useful to most other people. He tried to show the Royal Navy that the boats could be useful to them but did not succeed. He also could not sell them fishermen and people that hunted duck. They were commercially unsuccessful. Only two Halkett boats are still known to exist. One belonged to Orcadian explorer John Rae. The other is in the Hudson's Bay Company Museum Collection at the Manitoba Museum.

Peter Halkett was a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy in the 1840s. He was the son of John Halkett, a director of the Hudson's Bay Company who had lived in Canada for many years before returning to England. Peter Halkett was interested in the exploration of the Canadian Arctic for a long time. He was very interested in John Franklin's Coppermine Expedition of 1819–1822. This expedition had many problems.
Franklin explored the northern coast of Canada for three years. He was looking for the Northwest Passage. His search ended very badly. It was said that people killed other members of the expedition and that some even ate the other people. 11 of the 20 members of the group were killed. The people that were not killed had to eat lichen, their own boots, and the remains of dead animals left by wolves. They had become stranded on the wrong side of the Coppermine River after their boats had been destroyed in a storm. John Richardson tried to swim to safety. This caused him very bad hypothermia. One person in the party built a small canoe from canvas and willow. They had to cross the river one at a time using the canoe.

Halkett was an amateur inventor. During his spare time while in the navy, he worked on building a boat that would be small and light enough to be carried through wilderness, but strong enough to carry people in safety across wide bodies of water. He chose to build a boat in which all parts could also be used as clothing or items that the user would normally carry with them.

Halkett made a waterproof cloak. It was created from an early form of Macintosh cloth. This cloth was made of cotton combined with India rubber. The inside of the cloak was an airtight and watertight inflatable ovoid. It was made of four different airtight sections. If one section was damaged and could not hold air, the others would still keep the boat floating. The cloak had a pocket that held a paddle blade and a small bellows. The person wearing the cloak would carry a walking stick. This stick was also used as the handle for the paddle. There was also a large umbrella which was used as a sail for the boat. The cloak weighed about . It took three to four minutes to inflate the boat. Once the boat was inflated, it could carry six to eight people.

In early 1844, Halkett tested the first boat-cloak on the River Thames. He paddled it without taking on any water. His test went very well. Because of this, he took the boat-cloak with him while on naval service. He used it whenever he could to test it under many different sea conditions. In November 1844, Halkett wanted to test the boat-cloak in bad weather conditions. The seas of the Bay of Biscay were usually very bad, but the weather was unusually calm when he got there. The boat-cloak was very well liked by explorers. John Richardson (who had almost died during the 1819–1822 Coppermine expedition) wrote that "Had we been possessed of such a contrivance in our first expedition, I have little doubt of our having brought the whole party in safely".

Because of how well the boat-cloak did during his tests, Halkett built a larger version. This boat could be folted into a knapsack. When inflated, it could carry two men. Each man would use a paddle on each side of the boat. When deflated, the boat could be used as a waterproof blanket. This would allow the users to sleep on wet ground. The people in charge of the Royal Navy though the boat could be useful to some people but was not likely to be useful to the Navy. On 8 May 1845 Lord Herbert, First Secretary to the Admiralty wrote to Halkett that "My Lords are of an opinion that your invention is extremely clever and ingenious, and that it might be useful in Exploring and Surveying Expeditions, but they do not consider that it would be made applicable for general purposes in the Naval Service".
Although the Navy saw no use for Halkett's boats in general naval service, this larger boat was liked very much by explorers. John Franklin bought one to take on the 1845 expedition. This expedition ended badly. All 129 men and their two ships were lost and never found. Franklin believed that Halkett boats were very needed to travel in Canada. He gave the boat that was to be used for his expedition to Sir George Simpson, Governor-in-Chief of Rupert's Land so that Simpson could use in his travels in the region. He got another boat from Halkett to be used on his last expedition.

Orkneyman John Rae, known by the Inuit as (, "He who takes long strides"), was a Hudson's Bay Company surgeon. He became a surveyor of the Canadian Arctic. Unlike most Europeans of that time, Rae believed that the local people knew the best ways to deal with the very bad weather conditions. He travelled Inuit-style, using sledges and snowshoes. He slept in snow igloos. Rae took a Halkett boat on his first expedition in 1846. He said that it was "most useful in crossing and recrossing the river at Repulse Bay". He also said that "although in constant use for upwards of six weeks on a rocky coast it never required the slightest repair" and "ought to form part of the equipment of every expedition".

In 1848, the Royal navy sent out people to find out what had become of the ships and men of Franklin's expedition. The search party was led by John Richardson and John Rae. They had a Halkett boat bought by the government. The party did not find Franklin, but they learned that the Halkett boat very useful. During the search, they used the single boat to move their entire party across a river in 14 trips. Rae said that although the rubber of the boat became stiff from the cold, it was not hard to warm it to soften the material when needed. Halkett boats were also taken on 6 other expedition that were sent to look for Franklin. During these they were used for fishing.

In 1851 French explorer Joseph René Bellot led another expedition to find Franklin. This was paid for by Franklin's wife. Bellot took a Halkett boat-cloak on the journey. He said that it was "of immense value in a country where the want of wood renders it impossible to form any sort of raft". Bellot's expedition did not find Franklin. It was not until 1853 that an expedition led by Rae (using with "two beautiful Halkett boats") found a group of Inuit who told them that they saw men dragging a boat four years earlier. Their bodies were found soon after that.

Even though the boats were said to be very good for lake-fishing and duck-shooting and were shown in the Great Exhibition of 1851, they did not sell well. Halkett's boat were not widely used except in the field of Canadian exploration. Halkett died on 23 March 1885, aged 65, and the building of his boats stopped. John Rae gave his boat from the 1853 expedition to a Miss Peace of Kirkwall. Many years later it was found and is now in the Stromness Museum at Orkney. A second boat is in the Hudson's Bay Company Museum Collection at the Manitoba Museum.



Tonight (BigBang EP)

Tonight is the 4th extended play of South Korean band, BigBang. It was released under YG Entertainment.


Big Bang Is V.I.P

"BigBang is V.I.P" (also known as "Big Bang Second Single" or "La La La") is the second single album of South Korean boy band, BigBang. It was released under YG Entertainment, a month after "First Single".



La La La

Ma Girl (Taeyang Solo)

V.I.P


Marshall Islands at the Olympics

The Marshall Islands have competed in two Olympic Games. They first competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. They also competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics. They have not won any Olympic medals. In their first Olympics, they had 5 athletes compete in 3 different sports.

Mackenzie Large Igneous Province

The Mackenzie Large Igneous Province (MLIP) is a major Mesoproterozoic large igneous province of southwestern, western and northwestern Canada. It is a group of igneous rocks which were formed during a massive igneous event starting about 1,270 million years ago. The large igneous province extends from the Arctic in Nunavut to near the Great Lakes in northwestern Ontario.

MLIP is one of the largest Proterozoic magmatic provinces on Earth, as well as the world's largest and best-preserved continental flood basalt terrain. This huge area of igneous rock was spewed out in a short time, geologically speaking. The MILP is much larger than other well-preserved large igneous provinces. The standard size classification for large igneous provinces is a minimum of . However, the Mackenzie dyke swarm itself occupies an area of at least , making the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province larger than the Ontong Java Plateau in the southwestern Pacific Ocean or the U.S. state of Alaska.

The Mackenzie Large Igneous Province was caused by processes other than normal plate tectonics and seafloor spreading. Igneous rocks of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province are generally mafic in composition, including basalt and gabbro.

Like most large igneous provinces, the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province was caused by a mantle plume—an upwelling zone of abnormally hot rock within the Earth's mantle. As the head of the Mackenzie plume reached the Earth's lithosphere, it spread out and melted catastrophically to form large volumes of basaltic magma. This resulted in the creation of a stationary volcanic zone west of Victoria Island, called the Mackenzie hotspot.

The Coppermine River Group is a sequence of Mesoproterozoic continental flood basalts. They are part of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, Canada. This is one of the largest flood basalt provinces on Earth, covering the area with a volume of approximately .

Between 1,200 and 740 million years ago, a series of flood basalt eruptions took place. At the northern portion of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province, vast volumes of basaltic lava paved over a large part of the northwestern Canadian Shield. This constructed a large lava plateau with an area of , a volume of lavas of at least 500,000 km (120,000 cubic miles). 

This extensive area of flood basalt lava flows has been called the Coppermine River flood basalts. With an area of and a volume of 650,000 km (120,000 cubic miles), the Coppermine River flood basalt sequence is larger than the Columbia River Basalt Group in the United States. It compares in size to the Deccan Traps in west-central India. This makes the Coppermine River flood basalts one of the largest flood basalt events ever to appear on the North American continent, as well as on Earth. The maximum thickness of the Coppermine River flood basalts is and has 150 lava flows, each to thick.

The Coppermine River flood basalts occurred shortly after a period of crustal uplift. The uplift then collapsed. This sudden uplift was likely caused by rising magma of the Mackenzie plume, which caused the Mackenzie hotspot. The Coppermine River basalts show over 100 individual lava flows.

Memory of the World Programme

The Memory of the World Programme is a part of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). It is part of a strategy for preserving history. The programme focuses on archives and libraries.

The UNESCO programme began in 1992. It promote the importance of historical documents.

The program is administered by a body known as the International Advisory Committee (IAC). There are 14 members. Each is appointed by the UNESCO Director-General.

Select additions to the World Register are chosen at biannual meetings of the IAC.


The Jikji Prize was established with the South Korean government. The $30,000 prize and all costs associated with the prize are funded by South Korea. 



Nelson Aldrich

Nelson Aldrich (1841-1915) was a liberal Republican United States Senator from Rhode Island. He was the leader of his party in the Senate during the presidency of Theodore Roosevelt. He was the maternal grandfather of Nelson Rockefeller. He was a freemason. He sponsored the Payne-Aldrich Tariff Bill. 

Regent Street

Regent Street is a large shopping street in London<nowiki>'s</nowiki> west end. It is well known to people who live in London as well as tourists. It is also famous for its Christmas decorations.

Regent Street is named after Prince Regent (who became George IV).

Regent Street was designed by architect John Nash. The street layout he made is still there, but the only building left in Regent Street that was there when it was first designed and built is All Souls Church.

Every single building in Regent Street is protected as a Listed Building. Together, they make up the Regent Street Conservation Area.

The street can be bought in the United Kingdom version of the board game "Monopoly".



Giorgio Orsini

Giorgio Orsini (referred often as Giorgio da Sebenico, Giorgio di Matteo, born 1410, died 1475) was an Italian medieval sculptor and architect from Dalmatia. Orsini lived and worked mainly in the city of Sebenico (modern-day Šibenik, Croatia), Republic of Venice.

Giorgio Orsini descends from ancient and noble House of Orsini. Hard times had been fallen upon the House branch Giorgio belonged to. Mateo, Giorgio's father, as much as Giorgio himself, has forced to support himself and his family by manual labor. As the architect and sculptor, he was educated in the art workshop of sculptors Giovanni and Bartolomeo Buon in Venice. While in Venice, Giorgio married Elizabetta da Monte, who brought him a fair dowry, money and homes in Venice. He invested Elizabetta's money in a grocery store and in a merchant ship which brought them good returns. Elizabetta's husband entrusted her of a power of attorney by which she was able to attend to his affairs while he was absent. In July 1455 Giorgio bought home from a local nobleman Simeonich, where he engraved his family's heraldic symbol - a bear. When signing contracts, Giorgio often used his art name Georgius Dalmaticus, Sixty five years after his death, his grandson, Giacomo, an advocate by vocation, was recognized as a descendant of the noble House of Orsini. Giorgio's and Elizabetta's daughter Flavia married another Dalmatian painter, Giorgio Culinovich (Schiavone) in the year of 1463. Other source claims that the Orsinis' daughter's name was Elena (who married Schiavone).

In Venice, in 1441, Giorgio was invited to Sebenico to replace Messer Antonio di Pietro Paolo who had fallen into disrepute with the building committee of the cathedral of Sebenico. Antonio commenced the Cathedral building in 1431. Giorgio abandoned the Gothic style based ideas of his predecessor and followed revolutionary ideas of Italian Renaissance architecture, The whole cathedral building is roofed with wagon vaults, made of huge slabs of marble supported on strong transverse ribs, the same stone covering forming the ceiling inside and the roof outside. He was the chief cathedral architect from 1441 to 1473. From July 1, 1477 the work was continued by another architect, Niccolò di Giovanni da Firenze. In 1444 Giorgio went to Spalato to build the chapel of S. Ranier in the church of S. Benedetto. The work was finished in two years. He came back to Spalato in 1448 to make the chapel of S. Anastasius in the cathedral.

Orsini did not follow always the Renaissance. There are also several fine late Ancona Gothic buildings, among them the facade of S. Francesco and S. Agostino churches, the build of Palazzo Benincasa, all done by Giorgio Orsini. Work on S. Agostino facade was finished in 1455. On the S. Agostino facade, Orsini worked between 1455 and 1459. On the Loggia dei Mercanti, which was built by Giovanni Pace in 1443, the facade, with statues representing the virtues, is the work of Giorgio Orsini (1451-9) In 1460, Giorgio returned to Sebenico. In 1464 and 1465 he was at Ragusa, where he helped in building the Torre Menze, and in restoring the palace of the Rectors. The Palace of Rectors was badly damaged by the 1462 earthquake. Orsini replaced the tree central capitals, who were damaged beyond repair, of that building. The next year he was at Pago (today Pag, Croatia), improving and enlarging the courtyard of the bishop's palace. The design and work on facade of the cathedral at Ossero belongs to him, too. In the next year he undertook work on the facade of the Cappella Grande of the parish church at Pago. In 1470 he went to Rome, where his compatriot Giovanni Dalmato, the sculptor, of Trau (today Trogir, Croatia), was at work on the monument of Paul II. In 1472 he commenced the facade of S. Maria, Cittanova, in the Marche.

He had many pupils, some of whom continued to work on the cathedral at Sebenico after his death in 1475.

In Croatia, Giorgio Orsini is celebrated as a Croatian sculptor and architect, known under the Croatian name "Juraj Dalmatinac". This name is translation of his art name "Georgius Dalmaticus". The translation is coming from the second half of 19th century. Another version of the Orsini's croatised name is "Juraj Matejević". This name comes as translation of the "Georgvs Mathei" (Georg, Mathew's son) text engraved in the marble of St. Jacob cathedral church in Sebenico. Croatian author Fisković claims that "Orsini", as his family name, was never used by the artist and it was adopted by his son, after the death of his father. His claim is not supported by any documents or records dated back to the times Orsini lived and worked. Fisković's claim is defeated by the home sale contract where Giorgio Orsini was named as the home buyer. Two Italian authors recorded the use of Giorgio's family name by his son Mateo and grandson Giovanni and refuted Fiskovic
Croats erected a monument celebrating Orsini in the front of St. Jacob cathedral church in Šibenik, Croatia. This monument, an over-sized standing statue of Orsini, is a work of Yugoslav sculptor Ivan Meštrović. Two elementary schools in Croatia bear that name: one in Pag, and one in Šibenik.

Gabbro

Gabbro is a large group of dark, coarse-grained, igneous rocks. They are chemically equivalent to basalt. The rocks are plutonic, formed when molten magma is trapped under the Earth's surface and cools into a crystalline mass. 

Most of the Earth's surface has gabbro in the oceanic crust, produced by basalt magmatism at mid-ocean ridges. In general, when the gabbro is formed, it lies above the Earth's mantle, and below the basalt.

Gabbro is generally coarse grained, with crystals in the size range of 1 mm or greater. It is an essential part of the oceanic crust. Long belts of gabbro intrusions are typically formed at proto-rift zones and around ancient rift zone margins. 

Highway to Hell

Highway to Hell is the sixth studio album by the rock group, AC/DC. It was released on 27 July 1979 and was the last to feature Bon Scott who would die on 19 February 1980.


List of regions of Japan

The Regions of Japan are traditional subdivisions of the nation. The regional divisions are used in many ways. These include maps, geography and weather reports. Regions are used as a basic framework for description and comparison.

In Japan, the traditional regions are cultural makers. For example, according to Kunio Kishida in 1940, "The correct tradition of Japanese culture exists today not within the culture of the center, which has developed under the influence of foreign culture; but rather within regional culture."

Japan's multi-decade "Comprehensive National Development Plan" emphasizes regions in serial studies of patterns of land use and regional society.

The names of many businesses incorporate a regional name.

From north to south, the traditional regions include:


Paroxetine

Paroxetine, also known as Paxil, is a medicine used for the treatment of depression. It belongs to a class of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). It has many side effects including possible insomnia and tremors.

Brad Ralph

Bradley Ralph (born October 17, 1980) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger and is the head coach of the Florida Everblades of the ECHL. He played in one National Hockey League game for the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2000–01 NHL season.

Black Veil Brides

Black Veil Brides is an rock band that formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2006. They won a "Billboard" award in 2010 for their album, "We Stitch These Wounds". They made number #1 on the top independent artists in 2010. The lead singer, Andy Biersack, created the band.

Studio albums


Ebola Syndrome

Ebola Syndrome is a Chinese horror movie that came out in 1996. This movie is for mature audiences as it has rape scenes in it and graphic violence. It is directed by Herman Yau and is 98 minutes long.

Herbie: Fully Loaded

Herbie: Fully Loaded is a car racing family movie starring Lindsay Lohan, and Michael Keaton. It is rated G and lasts 101 minutes. It was directed by Angela Robinson. It came out on June 22, 2005. It is a Walt Disney movie.


Modern Family

Modern Family is an American sitcom on ABC. It is about three different families who are all connected as one extended family. It was nominated for 4 Golden Globe Awards. 

The show stars Ed O'Neill, Sofía Vergara, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Eric Stonestreet, Julie Bowen, Ty Burrell, Sarah Hyland, Nolan Gould, Ariel Winter, Rico Rodriguez and Aubrey Anderson-Emmons. 

There are three different nuclear families, who are all part of one well-off, middle-class extended family. They all live in suburban Los Angeles. Jay is the father of Claire and Mitchell and his second wife Gloria has a son from her first marriage called Manny, and a son with Jay called Joe. Claire and her husband Phil have three children, Haley, Alex and Luke. Mitchell and his husband Cameron have a daughter called Lily, whom they adopted from Vietnam.

2011–12 PFC CSKA Moscow season

The 2011–12 PFC CSKA Moscow season was the 20th season the club, PFC CSKA Moscow, played in the Russian Premier League.

"As of March 18, 2011"


PFC CSKA Moscow
Russian Premier League

Keisuke Honda

Honda was born in Settsu on June 13, 1986. When he played for Seiryo High School, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus Eight in 2004. He played many matches from 2005. In January 2008, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club VVV-Venlo. Although the club was relegated to Eerste Divisie in summer 2008, returned to Eredivisie in a year. In January 2010, he moved to Russian Premier League club CSKA Moscow and played many matches. He played 94 matches and scored 20 goals for the club. In January 2014, he moved to Italian Serie A club Milan. Although he played many matches until the 2015/16 season, his opportunity to play decreased in the 2016/17 season. In summer 2017, he moved to Mexican Liga MX club Pachuca. After that, he played for Melbourne Victory (2018-2019), Vitesse (2019) and Botafogo (2020). In February 2021, he signed with Portuguese Primeira Liga club Portimonense. However, Portimonense canceled its contract, since the team was unable to register him.

In 2005, Honda was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2005 World Youth Championship. In June 2008, he was selected the Japan national team for 2010 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Bahrain on June 22. In August 2008, he also played for Japan U-23 national team at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2010, he was selected the Japan for 2010 World Cup. Although his original position is offensive midfielder, he was converted to center forward at 2010 World Cup by manager Takeshi Okada. He played in all 4 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. After the 2010 World Cup, he played many matches as offensive midfielder under manager Alberto Zaccheroni. In 2011, he played at 2011 Asian Cup. Japan won the champions and he was selected MVP award. In 2014, he participated 2014 World Cup. He played all 3 matches and scored 1 goal. In 2015, he also participated 2015 Asian Cup. He played 4 matches and scored 3 goals. Although his opportunity to play decreased from 2017, he was selected Japan for 2018 World Cup. he played 3 matches as substitute midfielder and scored 1 goal. He played 98 games and scored 37 goals for Japan until 2018.

In August 2018, whilst still a player, Honda became a manager for Cambodia national team.

90||11||5||0||10||2||colspan="2"|-||105||13
72||24||3||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||75||26
94||20||9||1||colspan="2"|-||21||4||124||25
81||9||11||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||92||11
29||10||5||3||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||34||13
18||7||0||0||colspan="2"|-||4||1||22||8
18||2||5||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||2
402||83||38||8||10||2||25||5||475||98

!Total||98||37

FC Südburgenland

Fußball Club Südburgenland is an Austrian women's football club from Olbendorf in the south of the federal state Burgenland. This is the reason for the name of the team.
The club was founded in 2002. It has played in the ÖFB-Frauenliga since the 2003–04 season. In their first season they reached the fourth position and played in the national cup's final. The team spent the next seasons in the in the bottom half of the table, but it was never relegated. 2011 Südburgenland was the championship's runner-up and in 2012 it was fourth. It has also reached the cup's semifinals in three of the last fourth seasons as of 2012.

 

FC HOCO Südburgenland


The Crystals

The Crystals are a New York City based musical group. They were one of the defining acts during the girl group era of the 1960s.

They formed in 1961 with five girls: Barbara Alston, Mary Thomas, Dolores "Dee Dee" Kenniebrew, Myrna Giraud and Patricia "Patsy" Wright. The group were later joined by Darlene Love for a short time. Dee Dee Kenniebrew still performs in the group, now a trio.

Their 1961–1964 chart hits, included "There's No Other (Like My Baby)", "Uptown", "He's Sure the Boy I Love", "He's a Rebel", "Da Doo Ron Ron (When He Walked Me Home)" and "Then He Kissed Me". Phil Spector was their producer from 1962.

One of their numbers in 1962, by Carole King and Gerry Goffin, was "He Hit Me (and It Felt Like a Kiss)". It was based on their babysitter's account. It was withdrawn after complaints to radio stations over the lyrics.

The recordings had three successive female lead singers, and were all produced by Phil Spector. The latter three songs were originally ranked #267, #114, and #493 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. However, two songs were dropped from the magazine's 2010 update.




Candace Cameron Bure

Candace Cameron Bure (born April 6, 1976) is an American actress and author. She is best known for playing DJ Tanner in the sitcom "Full House". She played the part from 1987 and until 1995. She has also been in many television movies over the years. She is the sister of Kirk Cameron. Bure was born near Panorama City, California. She married ice hockey player Valeri Bure in 1996. They have 3 children.

Bonzi Wells

Gawen DeAngelo "Bonzi" Wells (born September 28, 1976) is an American basketball player. He played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers, Memphis Grizzlies, Sacramento Kings, Houston Rockets, and New Orleans Hornets. He went to college at Ball State University. In 1997 and 1998 he was named NCAA AP All-American. Wells has most recently played basketball in Puerto Rico.

Facies

Facies is a term in geology. It means the look of a rock. If one looks up at a cliff of rock, the appearances changes from one layer to another. This because the ecological conditions changed as the rock was laid down. So, the facies reflect the process of sedimentation. 

Regular changes in the facies usually means regular changes in the ancient climate. As the climate chaged, so the sea level rose and fell. What was deep water became shallow water, and so on. In the Milankovich cycle, the climate changes regularly. As it does so, deeper water carbonates may alternate with shallow-water shales and silts. These "facies" are seen in the column of rocks.

Definition:

Amanda Blank

Amanda Blank (born Amanda Mallory on October 5, 1982) is an American singer. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She is the lead singer of the band "Sweatheart".


Defense of the Ancients

Defense of the Ancients (often called DotA) is an unofficial map of the game "" and the expansion pack "". It is not officially supported by Blizzard Entertainment. This is a team strategy game that is intended mainly for teams of three against three or five against five. More rarely, it is played by teams of two or one on one.

Since its original release, "DotA" has become a feature at several worldwide tournaments, including Blizzard Entertainment's BlizzCon and the Asian World Cyber Games, as well as the Cyberathlete Amateur and CyberEvolution leagues; Gamasutra declared that "DotA" was perhaps the most popular "free, non-supported game mod in the world". Valve Corporation developed the sequel, "Dota 2".

The main task of the players is to enter the enemy team's base, and destroy the main building called "Ancient". Every 30 seconds the main buildings spawn minions that automatically go and attack all enemy units in their way. With their help you can push the enemy base and kill enemy heroes faster. Towers and other structures protect this building. Players must destroy these first because until then, the main building is unable to be destroyed. The team who destroys the opposing team's building automatically wins. The player controls a hero with whom they advance to the opponent's base. Your hero becomes more powerful with time, you must gather experience and gold because then you are abbe to buy powerful items. The forces of both sides are the same, except for differences in the ability of players. You can choose from over hundred different characters with different abilities. Heroes are divided to a several classes 

The map is balanced and axially symmetrical.

Greg Halman

Gregory Anthony Halman (August 26, 1987 – November 21, 2011) was a Dutch professional baseball outfielder. He played with the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball during the 2010 and 2011 seasons. He also played internationally with the Dutch national team, playing in the 2009 World Baseball Classic.

Halman was killed in a stabbing on November 21, 2011 in Rotterdam. His brother Jason Halman was held by police after the incident.

Náchod

Náchod is a town with about 20 thousand people. It is in the northeastern part of the Hradec Králové Region in Czech Republic. It is situated on the river Metuje. The whole region is full of natural beauty, historical monuments and cultural places.

Náchod was founded in the middle of 13th century by a knight Hron. He built a castle there because it was a good strategic place because of local trade road to Poland. The first written note goes back to 1254.

The most famous sight in Náchod is its castle. It was built in the 13th century and during centuries was rebuilt several times in final Renaissance style. Around the castle are the Piccolomini garden, the English park and bears called Ludvík and Dáša who live in a castle's moat. The castle has been an important cultural centre since the end of the 18th century. 

Náchod is the birthplace of many well-known people. There were born for example an architect Jan Letzel, an actress Libuše Skořepová called Luba Skořepová, a writer, translator and publisher Josef Škvorecký, a writer Václav Erben who become famous for his detective stories with captain Exner, a diver Martin Štěpánek and a moderator Richard Samko.

In addition to the castle, there are other interesting places to visit.

About 4 kilometres away is the stronghold Dobrošov which was one of the most important defences of Czechoslovakian fortification.

In past, there was a lot of cotton industry. Nowadays there are only a few factories - the rubber factory Rubena and factories producing electric motors Ametek and Atas.

Náchod town has a brewery which makes Primátor brand. The brewery was built in 1872. It got several prizes in last 10 years. However, the brewery was sold on 23 February 2009.

Michael Bublé

Michael Steven Bublé (born September 9, 1975) is a Canadian-Italian singer, songwriter and actor. He has won four Grammy Awards and multiple Juno Awards. His first album reached the top ten in the United Kingdom and in Canada. His 2005 album, "It's Time", and his 2007 album, "Call Me Irresponsible", were very successful around the world, reaching number one on the Canadian album chart, the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, the Australian ARIA Albums Chart, and the European charts. Bublé has sold over 75 million albums worldwide.

Bublé was born in Burnaby, British Columbia in September 1975. His father is Lewis Bublé, a salmon fisherman. His mother is Amber ("née" Santagà).

From his earliest years, Bublé wanted to be a singer. He took an interest in jazz about the age of five.

As a boy, he had a great interest in hockey. He shared his interest with his father and grandfather. He played hockey but realized he was not good enough to be a professional player.

At the age of 14, he began working with his father on a fishing boat. Sometimes they would be away from home two or three months at a time. Bublé credits the hard work on the boat with making him a man.

At age 16, Bublé began singing in nightclubs. He credits his Italian maternal grandfather with these opportunities. His grandfather traded his ability as a plumber for the chance to have his grandson appear on stage.

Bublé became an Italian citizen in 2005. He has been married to Argentine actress Luisana Lopilato since 2011. They have three children (two sons and a daughter).

In 2016, his eldest son, Noah, was diagnosed with cancer but was in remission two years later.




To be loved Tour 2013-15
Evening with Michael Bublé in 2019-2022
Higher Tour



Ōita Prefecture

In the 6th century, one of the regions of Kyushu was divided into Bungo Province and Buzen Province.

After the Meiji Restoration, districts from Bungo and Buzen provinces were combined to form Ōita Prefecture.


Ōita Prefecture is on the north-eastern section of the island of Kyūshū.

Ōita is faces the Suo Channel and Honshū Island to the north. The prefecture looks towards the Iyo Channel and Shikoku Island to the east. It is bordered by Miyazaki Prefecture to the south. Fukuoka Prefecture and Kumamoto Prefecture are to the west.


National Parks are established in about 28% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Sasamuta-jinja", "Usa-jinjū" and "Yusuhara Hachiman-gū" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.

Fukiji Temple has the oldest wooden structure in Kyushu.

The Usuki Buddhas include 60+ cliff carvings from Heian period.



Ahmed Rushdi

Ahmed Rushdi, (; April 24, 1934 – April 11, 1983) was a legendary Pakistani playback singer. He was "an important contributor to the "Golden age" of Pakistani movie music." Rushdi is acclaimed as one of the greatest singers ever lived in south Asia. He is considered to be one of the most famous and versatile singers of the subcontinent. He is also considered to be the first regular pop singer of south Asia. and credited as having sung the "first-ever South asian" pop song. In 1954, he recorded the official National anthem of Pakistan with several other singers. Rushdi has recorded the highest number of movie songs in the history of "Pakistani cinema" in many languages. He suffered from poor health during the latter part of his life and died of a heart attack at the age of 48, after recording approximately five thousand movie songs for 583 released movies. Besides popular music, Rushdi also helped popularize the ghazals of Naseer Turabi. In 2003, 20 years after his death, Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf awarded him the "Sitara-e-Imtiaz".

Many of his contemporaries compared his music with that of classically trained singers, although Rushdi never had any influences from any classical singer. He is famously known as "Magician of voice" and his popularity also turned traditional classical singers against him but did not affect his fame and his death is termed as irreparable loss to the industry. Actor "Waheed Murad" declared Rushdi's song, "Bhooli hui hoon daastan", his favorite song. Music directors like M.Ashraf and Nisar Bazmi also hold centaury partnerships with Ahmed Rushdi and they have composed hundreds of songs for him. According to complete songography, M.Ashraf composed 734 songs in 211 movies for Rushdi but available figures indicate a composition of 132 songs in 100 movies for him. The first movie of this pair was "Speran" in 1961 and the last was "Hero" in 1983. Ahmed Rushdi influenced many singers in music industry.

Since 1976, Ahmed Rushdi was a heart patient and his doctors advised him to abstain from singing but Rushdi refused by saying that music was his life. When he had a second heart attack in 1981, he was composing a musical album in the voice of singer "Mujeeb Aalam". On the night of April 11, 1983, he had a third heart attack. He was immediately taken to the hospital but pronounced dead by the doctors. He was 48. Rushdi was buried at Sakhi Hassan Graveyard, Karachi. His last non movie song was "Aaney walo suno" which was a duet with "Mehnaz".

Nigar Awards

Floorball

Floorball is an indoor team sport similar to hockey. Floorball is usually played in gyms with little plastic balls and special hockey sticks. In floorball, there are basically five players with sticks and a goalkeeper without any special equipment. The goalkeeper has only special jersey and helmet. Floorball is very popular today.

The origin of floorball is disputed, with Sweden, Canada, and the USA all claiming to have invented the sport. Regardless, floorball has been most popular in Sweden since the 1970s. Its popularity quickly spread to Finland and Switzerland, but with different rules. For example, in Switzerland a goalkeeper was allowed to use a stick. In 1986, the International Floorball Federation (IFF) was founded and rules became the same.

Floorball is played in a gym on an area of 40x20 meters bordered by boards 50 centimetres high. The formations are very similar to ice hockey. Both teams play with 3 attackers, 2 defenders and a goalkeeper. They can relieve whenever they want. Floorball is usually played 3x20 minutes with 15 minutes breaks. This is only for men and women. In juniors matches the time is different. Floorball is a contact sport so players can play with their body, but it has limits. The goalkeeper is not allowed to use a stick, but he can handle the ball with his body. The field players cannot hit the ball with their hands or head and they cannot jump. The goalkeeper can hit the ball with every part of his body and he can hold it for 3 seconds. In floorball, a player can be excluded for 2 minutes when he breaks the rules.

The currently strongest leagues are located in Sweden, Finland, Norway, Switzerland and the Czech Republic.

IFF organises world championships in floorball. Every year they are in a different country and it's also alternating between the mens and the womens tournament.

Prime Minister of Azerbaijan

The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the head of government of Azerbaijan. The President of Azerbaijan chooses the Prime Minister. The office of President has more powers than the office of Prime Minister. The current prime minister is Artur Rasizade.





Hallie Kate Eisenberg

Hallie Kate Eisenberg, born August 2, 1992, is an American actor. She began her acting career in Pepsi commercials beginning in late 1990s. Eisenberg acted in many movies, television programs and commercials starting from the mid 1990s.

Gaslighting

Gaslighting is a slang for "making someone question their own reality".

The word also describes a person ("gaslighter") who uses words and sometimes tricks to make others unsure of what is real and what is not real. This can be very upsetting. Gaslighting is only possible when the other person is a vulnerable person, for example when the gaslighter is a powerful person or if the person being gaslighted is fearful that not believing the gaslighter will bring them grief. Sometimes, people don't know they are gaslighting others.

The term "gaslighting" comes from a play that was first performed in 1938, and which was then made into a movie in 1944. The movie was called "Gaslight", and it was a story about a husband who tries to make his wife believe that she is going crazy by constantly dimming the gas lights in their home, while telling her that they were just as bright as usual. 

Nowadays gaslighting is used to describe a type of psychological abuse where the abuser makes their victim doubt their own sanity. This manipulative abuse ranges from subtle tactics such as contradicting everything the victim says, to more aggressive tactics such as outright lies. The result is a total destruction of the victim's trust in their own ability to recognise reality.

Chatham, Kent

Chatham is a large town in Medway, North Kent. About 70,000 people live there. The town is important because of its harbour. Even though the harbour is no longer used, it is still important for tourism. The first mention of the town was in the year 1086. In the year 1667, the docks were attacked by the Dutch. Charles Dickens lived in Chatham from 1817 to 1821.

In the Chatham town centre is The Pentagon Shopping Centre as well as the Chatham Waterfront bus station and close by is Chatham railway station.

Graphics tablet

A graphics tablet is an input device for computers. Users can use them to hand-draw images, graphics or handwriting as if they were drawing on a piece of paper. They use a pointing device, most often a stylus.

Graphics tablets are one way of "digitizing" a physical piece of artwork. Instead of using hardware like scanners, one can simply trace an image from a piece of paper and it will be recreated on the screen.

Another thing that graphics tablets can do is handwriting recognition, which is popular in East Asia as a quick way to enter Chinese characters into an application.

Surface: A tablet has a flat surface on which the user can draw. This surface can be of different sizes or shapes, most often a square. Images drawn on a "graphics tablet" are most often not shown on the surface itself but can only be seen on a screen. However, there are special "graphics tablets" which allow the user to see their input right on the drawing surface. These hybrids are combination of a graphics tablet and a screen. Graphics tablets often have features like "pressure sensitivity" or "stylus hovering" that most touchscreens lack"."
Stylus: A stylus is a pen-like device that is used to give the tablet its input. It is also used to detect different amounts of pressure, often for use in a drawing program to change line thickness or color density. 

Puck: After stylus, pucks are the most commonly used tablet accessory. A puck is a mouse-like device that can detect its absolute position and rotation. Professional pucks often have a loupe for greater precision.

Passive tablets use electromagnetic induction technology. The tablet generates an electromagnetic signal, which is received by a circuit in the stylus. The wires in the tablet then change to a receiving mode and read the signal generated by the stylus to read its position. The stylus does not require a battery for this.

Active tablets use self-powered electronics that generate and send a signal to the tablet. These graphics tablets may listen for pen signals constantly, reducing inaccuracies in the reading of user input. This type of stylus often requires a battery, making it larger and heavier.

Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus.

Acoustic tablets are early models of "graphics tablets". A small sound generator is mounted in the stylus and the sound is picked up by two microphones placed near the surface.

Capacitive tablets work by detecting "electrostatic" or "capacitive" signals by a stylus or human. Capacitive touchscreens are most often used in smartphones and tablet computers, making them the most well known type of input device next to a computer mouse. However, these are rarely used in graphics tablets as the lack of precision and many other features make them less useful. 

Because a stylus can be used to measure pressure, tilting and other factors, it is useful for use in digital art (especially two dimensional). These factors can be used to change brush size, opacity, shape, color and more in certain graphic programs depending on the input. Graphics tablets are often used for technical drawing and computer-aided design as well as for digital drawing, graphic design, sketches and much more.

They are also used for online teaching, e.g. live tutorials or lessons where visual information is needed. Some users prefer tablet computers for some purposes, though those devices often lack sensors for pressure and tilt.

When it comes to buying a drawing tablet, you have two options either you can buy a drawing tablet with screen or one without screen. Drawing tablets with screen are way costlier than screenless tablets.


Patrick Murphy (giant)

Patrick Murphy (1834–1862) was an Irish giant, born in County Down from parents James Murphy and mother Peggy (née Cunningham), who put himself in a show as a way of making money. He originally worked on the docks in Liverpool, England and, after that, became a waiter at a hotel. Because he was so tall, Murphy attracted crowds everywhere he went. He eventually decided that he could make a living being tall. He always spoke of himself as being 8'10" and in some circles as much as 9'3". In about 1860, he was measured by a Dr. Virchow as being 7'3.4" (222 cm) tall.

In May 1857 the Emperor and Empress of Austria invited the tall Irishman to visit their kingdom. While he was on tour throughout Europe, he died of smallpox in Marseille at the age of twenty-eight.

Gigantism

Gigantism, also known as giantism, is a condition when growth and height are much above average. Overactivity of growth hormone during childhood causes this condition in humans. The growth hormone is one of the hormones that is released from the interior pituitary gland. If a person has been exposed to very high level of growth hormones before their growth plates have merged during childhood for example, this can be lead to the condition of gigantism. 


Patrick Murphy (pilot)

Patrick Murphy was an Irish pilot who mistakenly bombed the border town of Naco, Arizona. Not much is known about his personal life. 

Murphy owned a plane around the time of the Cristero War in Mexico against the anti-Catholic government of Emilio Portes Gil. Murphy decided to help the rebels by using his plane to bomb the government-controlled town of Naco, Sonora. He tried many times between March 31 and April 6 to bomb Naco but also accidentally, bombed the Arizona border town with the same name. He destroyed some buildings and a car. United States soldiers eventually came to his house and took away his plane. Murphy escaped to rebel territory in Mexico but returned to the United States and was jailed for a little while.

Murphy became the first person working for another country to ever bomb the mainland United States. Singer Dolan Ellis honored Murphy in one of his songs on his "Tall Tales, Lost Trails & Heroes" album.

Imperia Tower

The Imperia Tower is a building in Moscow, Russia. The building is part of the Moscow International Business Center. The building has a hotel, business center, offices and even private apartments. The building is 60 floors. The business space is from floors 2 to 3, the hotel area is from floors 33 to 41 and the private apartments are from floors 40 to 60. The building also has a great view of the full city of Moscow.

The parking area can hold 1,435 cars.

Xiangsheng

Crosstalk, also known by its Chinese name xiangsheng (Simplified Chinese: 相声, Traditional Chinese: 相聲, pinyin: "xiàngsheng", literally, "looking at each other and speaking"), is a traditional Chinese comedy form. Crosstalk is a special kind of dialogue and a special kind of performance.

The comic language has many puns and allusions. The words are spoken in a fast, rushed manner. The comedy is a kind of banter. 

According to Canadian crosstalk comedian Dashan (Mark Rowswell), the closest equivalent in English would be Abbott and Costello's "Who's on First?" sketch.

Modern crosstalk is made up of four skills–speaking (Simplified Chinese: 说, Traditional Chinese: 說, pinyin: "shuō"), imitating (Simplified Chinese: 学, Traditional Chinese: 學, pinyin: "xué"), teasing (Simplified and Traditional Chinese: 逗, pinyin: "dòu"), and singing (Simplified and Traditional chinese: 唱, pinyin: "chàng").

Crosstalk was popular during the Qing Dynasty. It is also a standard feature of CCTV's annual New Year's Gala.



Oppidum

An oppidum (plural: "oppida") is a large fortified Iron Age settlement. 

In the 2nd and 1st centuries BC, they were in all parts of Europe. They continued until the Romans conquered Southern and Western Europe. In Germania, north of the rivers Danube and Rhine, oppida were used into the 1st century AD.

Julius Caesar called the larger Celtic Iron Age settlements he found in Gaul "oppida". The word is now used to describe the large pre-Roman towns that existed across Western and Central Europe. Many oppida grew from hill forts, but not all of them had an important defensive role. The main features of the oppida are:

The development of oppida was an important step in the urbanisation of Europe. They were the first large settlements north of the Mediterranean that could be described as towns. Caesar pointed out that each tribe of Gaul would have several oppida, but that they were not all of equal importance. This suggests that there was some form of hierarchy.

In conquered lands, the Romans took over the oppida to administer the Empire, and many became full Roman towns. This often involved a change of location from the hilltop into the plain.

One of the best preserved oppida is at Enserune in France. It was occupied continuously from 6th century BC until the 1st century. Other oppida are now buried beneath large cities, such as Vindobona which is covered by Vienna.

Patrick Murphy (Irish Politician)

Patrick Stephen Murphy (13 May 1889 – 1 May 1968) was an Irish politician. He was first elected to the lower house of the parliament of Ireland (Dáil Éireann) in 1932. He was a member of the Fianna Fáil political party. He was the member of parliament (Teachta Dála or TD) for the Cork East constituency.

Visací zámek

Visací zámek () is a Czech punk rock band. The band was formed in 1982. This band is thought to be the oldest Czech punk band. Its early work influenced the sound of an entire generation of bands. The early works of Visací zámek are strongly influenced by early nihilism and post-modernism. 




The Isley Brothers

The Isley Brothers are a very successful music group from the northeastern United States. They had many songs in the 1950s through the 2000s. Their songs included "Twist and Shout" and "Contagious". Their music is mixed R&B, funk and soul. The group is made of six African American brothers.

Venus as a Boy

"Venus as a Boy" is a song from Björk. It was the second single from her album "Debut". The song was used in the movie "Léon" ("The Professional").

Mandarin orange

The Mandarin orange, also known as the mandarin or mandarine (both lower-case), is a small citrus tree ("Citrus reticulata") with fruit that looks like other oranges. Mandarin oranges are usually eaten plain or in fruit salads. The mandarin is tender, and is damaged easily by cold. It can be grown in tropical and subtropical areas.

Mandarin oranges contain many nutrients but is highest in vitamin C and calcium. A medium mandarin contains approximately 22 grams of vitamin C and 31 grams of calcium.

The mandarin is easily peeled with the fingers, and can be easily split into even segments without squirting juice. This makes it more convenient to eat, as utensils are not required to peel or cut the fruit. Mandarin segments are also sold in cans.

During Chinese New Year, Mandarin oranges and tangerines are considered traditional symbols of good fortune. During the two-week celebration, they are frequently displayed as decoration and presented as gifts to friends, relatives, and business partners.


Marco Simoncelli

Marco Simoncelli (20 January 1987 – 23 October 2011) was an Italian motorcycle racer. He competed in the Road Racing World Championship for 10 years from 2002 to 2011. 

Simoncelli died after an accident during the 2011 Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang on 23 October 2011.

Rhys Ifans

Rhys Ifans (born Rhys Owain Evans; 22 July 1967) is a Welsh actor and musician. In movies, he has played Spike in "Notting Hill" (1999), Eyeball Paul in "Kevin & Perry Go Large" (2000), Danny Morgan in "Danny Deckchair" (2003), Jed Parry in "Enduring Love" (2004), Xenophilius Lovegood in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" (2010), Howard Marks in "Mr. Nice" (2010), Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford in "Anonymous" (2011) and Dr. Curt Connors / The Lizard in "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012) and "" (2021). In 2005, Ifans won a BAFTA Award for his role as Peter Cook in "Not Only But Always" (2004). He is known on television for roles in "Elementary" and "Berlin Station".

Ifans was born in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire. He is a native Welsh speaker. His brother is actor Llŷr Ifans. He dated actress Anna Friel between 2011 and 2014.

Sandra Bernhard

Sandra Bernhard (born June 6, 1955) is an American actress, singer, comedian and writer. She has been seen in many movies, sitcoms and on live stage since the 1970s. She also wrote several books and animated shows like "The Powerpuff Girls", "Disney's Hercules", "Spider-Man The Animated Series". 

Bernhard was born in Flint, Michigan. She moved to Scottsdale, Arizona. She is openly bisexual. She is in a long-term relationship with a woman. Bernhard has a daughter.

Symbian

Symbian OS is an operating system for mobile devices. It is designed for smartphones. 

Nokia, Motorola, Ericsson, Psion and others joined to create Symbian association. This let them promote using EPOC designed for mobile phones. Symbian is a follower of EPOC system. It is used in pocket PC Psion, running on the ARM processors. This operating system has had many changes since it was first created. Nokia smartphones are the major users of Symbian OS.

A new version came out every year after 2005. Because of fast technology research, mobile phones and operation systems made very large improvement quickly. The most recent Symbian OS is designed for touch phones and the newest technologies.

Victoria Jackson

Victoria Jackson (born August 2, 1959) is an American comedian and actress. She is most known for her work on the sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live". She has also starred in many movies. Jackson is a Republican and strong Tea Party supporter.

Flint, Michigan

Flint is an industry city in east central Michigan. The city of Flint is where General Motors was born. As of 2020, it is the 12th largest city in Michigan. In June 1953 a deadly tornado cut through the area, which killed more than 110 in the area. This is also where the Flint water crisis happened, where the water source was contaminated with lead.

Thermal expansion

In physics, thermal expansion is the likelihood of matter to change in volume in response to a change in temperature. When a substance is heated, its basic particles move around more quickly and by doing so generally maintain a greater average separation. Materials that contract with an increase in temperature are very uncommon; this effect is limited in size, and only occurs within limited temperature ranges. The degree of expansion divided by the change in temperature is called the material's coefficient of thermal expansion and generally varies with temperature. 

Thermometers are an example of using thermal expansion. They contain a liquid which can only move in one direction (along the tube) when volume changes along with temperature.

Thermal expansion can become a problem for trains because it can cause the rails to buckle. On the rails they will have monitors so that if it does get abnormally high in temperature they can be warned and trains could be told to slow down to reduce the heat of friction. Sometimes on the inner parts of the rails they will be painted white to reflect the sun's hot rays so that it won't cause buckling.

FC Bergheim

FC Bergheim is an Austrian football club from Bergheim from the federals state Salzburg. The women's section plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest league in women's football in Austria. The second team is playing in the Future League.

The women's soccer club started as USK Hof in 1999. The club played in the Salzburger Frauenliga (3rd level). From 2001 till 2005 the team was member of the 2. Division Mitte (2nd level). 2006-07 the won the league but lost the relegation matches to the Bundesliga versus FC St. Veit. The next season they became also champions and won versus SV Groß-Schweinbarth and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga.

For the 2020-11 season they made a syndicate with FC Bergheim. In the 2012-13 season they were relegated to the 2. Liga Mitte/West. They won the league in the following two seasons but lost the relegation matches versus ASK Erlaa and Carinthians Soccer Women. In the season 2015-16 they played for the first time as FC Bergheim. After the championship they won the relegation versus ASK Erlaa and were promoted to the Frauen-Bundesliga.


 



United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees

The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) is a part of the United Nations. The purpose of this agency is to protect and support refugees when governments or the UN ask for help. The UNHCR helps refugees return home out of their voluntary will, settle locally, or move to a third country according to the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and other international law. The agency's headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. It is a member of the United Nations Development Group chaired by United Nations Development Programme. The UNHCR has won two Nobel Peace Prizes in 1954 and in 1981.


Nara period

The is a time in the history of Japan which lasted from 710 to 794. This grouping of years is named after city of Nara.

In 710, Empress Gemmei established the capital of Japan at Heijō-kyō, which is present-day Nara. Gemmei's palace was named Nara-no-miya. Except for two brief times, the reigns of the next seven monarchs were centered in the palace which was built by Gemmei.

The capital at Nara was modeled after Chang'an, the capital city of Tang China. The Nara period was marked by the introduction of Tang systems and culture.




Dialogue

Dialogue or dialog is a shared inquiry or the art of thinking together. Dialogue is a rhetorical, literary and theatrical format. It means a written or spoken conversational exchange between two or more people, or a literary work showing such an exchange.

The historical origins of dialogue are in classical Greek and Indian literature. The Socratic method is a way of learning things by dialogue.



Pyroxene

The pyroxenes are a group of important rock-forming inosilicate minerals found in many igneous and metamorphic rocks. They share a common structure consisting of single chains of silica crystals with the general formula XY(Si,Al)O where X and 
Y represents metal ions. 
Although aluminium substitutes extensively for silicon in silicates such as feldspars and amphiboles, the substitution occurs only to a limited extent in most pyroxenes.

Pyroxenite is an igneous rock made up of minerals from the pyroxene group.

China Central Television

China Central Television or Chinese Central Television, commonly abbreviated as CCTV, is the major state television broadcaster in mainland China.

CCTV has a network of 50 channels. Each channel broadcasts different programs to more than one billion viewers. The CCTV programs are a mixture of documentary, comedy, entertainment, and drama.

CCTV Peking (Beijing) Television (北京电视台) broadcast its first program on September 2, 1958.

The network changed its name to CCTV on May 1, 1978.



Naco, Arizona

Naco is a census-designated place in Cochise County, Arizona, United States. At the 2020 census, its population was 824. It is across the United States–Mexico border from Naco, Sonora. The Naco border entrance is open 24 hours a day.


Algal bloom

An algal bloom is an accumulation of algae (typically microscopic) or a rapid increase in their amount in a body of water. Algal blooms may occur in fresh water as well as salt water. Algal bloom concentrations may reach millions of cells per milliliter of water. Algal blooms are often green, but they can also be other colors such as yellow-brown or red, depending on the species of algae. So-called algal blooms are often caused by Cyanobacteria such as "Aphanizomenon flosaquae", which are no longer considered to be algae. Some kinds of algal blooms, such as red tides, are poisonous.
Algal blooms are often caused by eutrophication. Eutrophication occurs when abnormal amount of nutrients, especially phosphorous and nitrogen, enter a body of water. Algal blooms are a big problem to ecosystems because, like any sudden unnatural growth, it harms the other animals in that ecosystem, usually decreasing their numbers quickly. The abundance of algae in algal blooms causes layers of algae that are unable to get sunlight, and this causes the algae to die and start to decompose. The top layers of algae is able to photosynthesize and continue living. The lack of nutrients and dissolved oxygen in the water inhibits other life. Fish become unable to breathe and other aquatic vegetation cannot photosynthesize. All the organisms in the water start to die and decompose. The decomposition of the dead organisms use up most of the remaining dissolved oxygen in the water. Without a sufficient amount of nutrients and dissolved oxygen all living organisms in the water die which leads to a dead zone.

Smoky Hill Chalk

The Smoky Hill Chalk is an Upper Cretaceous conservation Lagerstätte, or fossil-rich geological formation. It is known for its exceptionally well-preserved marine reptiles from the Western Inland Sea. 

The Smoky Hill Chalk outcrops in parts of northwest Kansas, its most famous localities for fossils, and in southeastern Nebraska. Large well-known fossils excavated from the Smoky Hill Chalk include marine reptiles such as plesiosaurs, large bony fish such as "Xiphactinus", mosasaurs, pterosaurs (namely "Pteranodon"), flightless marine birds such as "Hesperornis", and turtles. Many of the most well-known specimens of the marine reptiles were collected by dinosaur hunter Charles H. Sternberg and his son George. The son collected a unique fossil of the giant bony fish "Xiphactinus audax" with the skeleton of another bony fish, "Gillicus arcuatus" inside the larger one. Another excellent skeleton of "Xiphactinus audax" was collected by Edward Drinker Cope during the late nineteenth century heyday of American paleontology.

CCTV New Year's Gala

The CCTV New Year's Gala (Simplified Chinese: 中国中央电视台春节联欢晚会; Traditional Chinese: 中國中央電視台春節聯歡晚會; Pinyin: "Zhōngguó zhōngyāng diànshìtái chūnjié liánhuān wǎnhuì") is a Chinese New Year special produced by China Central Television. It was presented by Zhao Zhongxiang.

Since 1983, the variety program has been broadcast on the eve of Chinese New Year.

The show features various acts, including

Across the span of years, viewers have had mixed reactions. According to the "New York Times," "complaining about the show - with its blend of comedy, singing, dancing and propaganda - is as much a tradition as watching it."

Performers who are famous in China are featured:



Army men

Army men, or plastic soldiers, are simple toy soldiers molded from green or other colored plastic. Unlike the toy soldiers, which cost more, army men are sold at low prices in discount stores, supermarkets, and dollar stores. Also, unlike many toy soldiers, army men are sold unpainted and almost always dressed in modern military uniforms and armed with 20th Century weapons.

Army men are sold in plastic bags or buckets and often include colors such as green, tan, or gray to represent different sides. They have a lot of different kinds of weapons, from World War II to the current era. These include rifles, machine guns, submachine guns, sniper rifles, pistols, grenades, flamethrowers, and bazookas. They may also have radio men, minesweepers, and men armed with bayonets. Army men are sometimes packaged with additional accessories including tanks, jeeps, half tracks, artillery, helicopters, jets, and buildings. Their vehicles are usually manufactured in the same size to save money.

The first American plastic toy soldiers were made by Bergen Toy & Novelty Co. (Beton for short) in 1938. 

Samuel Morse

Samuel Finley Breese Morse (April 27, 1791 – April 2, 1872) was an American inventor. He was the first person to make a telegraph with only one wire, and also helped come up with the idea of Morse code.

Since the 1700s, there were different types of telegraphs being made, but they were hard to use because they had several wires. (The first telegraph ever built had 26 wires, which made it almost impossible to use.) Morse spent years trying to build one with only one wire, and managed to do it in 1836. Morse and his assistant made a code with "dots and "dashes", which were two different types of "clicks" on the telegraph.

Morse's invention made it possible to quickly communicate with people far away, and many telegraph lines were built. A telegraph line using his invention was built between Washington, D.C. and Baltimore in 1844. By the 1860s, there were telegraph lines all around North America, and in 1866, a telegraph line was built across the Atlantic Ocean.

Samuel F. B. Morse was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts

Morse was a painter before he was an inventor. He was a professor of art at New York University. He wanted to do some paintings that were going to be done at the United States Capitol, but was not chosen to do them. He was so disappointed that he gave up painting.

Morse was a devout Christian. The first message he sent on his 1844 telegraph line was "What hath God wrought?", which comes from the Book of Numbers in the Bible.

He died in New York City on April 2, 1872.

Ehime Prefecture

Until the Meiji Restoration, Ehime prefecture was known as Iyo Province. The name Ehime comes from the "Kojiki". It means "beautiful maiden."

After the Battle of Sekigahara, the Tokugawa shogun gave the area to his allies. Kato Yoshiaki built Matsuyama Castle which became the center of the modern city of Matsuyama.

Drought is common in Ehime history.

Ehime faces the Seto Inland Sea in the southwestern part of Shikoku. The prefecture is bordered by Kagawa Prefecture and Tokushima Prefecture in the east. Kōchi is to the south. The prefecture has a long coastline and it includes many islands.

The Yanase Dam was built in 1953.

National Parks are established in about 7% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Ōyamazumi jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Tokushima Prefecture

Until the Meiji Restoration, Tokushima prefecture was known as Awa Province.


Tokushima is in the northeastern part of Shikoku. The prefecture faces the Seto Inland Sea and the Pacific Ocean. Kagawa Prefecture is to the northeast. Ehime Prefecture is to the west. Kōchi Prefecture is to the southeast.

Tokushima and Kagawa have disagreed about sharing water for a since the 1850s. The Yanase Dam was built in 1953.

Towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 9% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Ōasahiko jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Mount Vernon, New York

Mount Vernon is the 8th most populated city in the State of New York. It is in south central Westchester County. The city's neighbors include the Bronx on the south, and Yonkers on the west, separated by the Bronx River. Mount Vernon is primarily African American.

Anne Hutchinson started Mount Vernon in the 1640s in New Netherland which later became New York.

Eva Marie Saint

Eva Marie Saint (born July 4, 1924) is an American movie and stage actress. She has performed in many movies, television programs and stage acts. She won an Academy Award for her role in the 1954 movie "On the Waterfront". She also played Eve Kendall in the 1959 Alfred Hitchcock movie "North by Northwest". For her role in the 1957 movie "A Hatful of Rain" she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. In 1990, she won an Emmy Award for her role in the miniseries "People Like Us".

Saint was born in Newark, New Jersey and studied at Actors Studio and Bowling Green State University. She was married to producer/director Jeffrey Hayden from 1951 until his death in 2016. They have two children, Darrell (born April 1, 1955) and Laurette (born July 19, 1958), and three grandchildren. Hayden died on December 24, 2016.

Chicken nuggets

Chicken nuggets are chicken meat pieces made into a big oval shape. They are usually found at fast food restaurants, or in grocery stores. The fast food chain McDonald's produces their own type of nuggets, called Chicken McNuggets.

Ryan Stiles

Ryan Lee Stiles (born April 22, 1959) is an American actor, comedian, director, and voice actor whose work is often paired with improvisational comedy. He is best known for his improv and co-production work on the American and British versions of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" and the role of Lewis Kiniski on "The Drew Carey Show". He played Herb Melnick on the CBS comedy "Two and a Half Men" and was a performer on the show "Drew Carey's Improv-A-Ganza".

Stiles was born in Seattle, Washington, the youngest of five children. His father, Sonny, was a fishing plant supervisor. Stiles lived in Vancouver, British Columbia as a teenager. At the age of seventeen, he dropped out of his high school, Richmond Secondary, to have a career in comedy. He worked in his father's fish-processing plant to earn a living. He then began performing improv with Vancouver TheatreSports League. In 1986, Stiles successfully auditioned for a berth at Toronto's renowned Second City comedy ensemble.

By 1989, the producers of the comedy show, "Whose Line Is It Anyway?", noticed his work. Stiles was a regular guest on the show until 1998, and the show's short production season allowed him to make numerous television and motion picture appearances in the United States.

In 1995, Stiles was asked by American comic Drew Carey to be a regular on his comedy "The Drew Carey Show". Stiles played Drew's smart but under best friend, Lewis Kiniski. Stiles' first line in the first episode of the show, "And that's why the French don't wash," is a line he had used in an episode of the British version of "Whose Line?".

In 1998, Carey successfully got ABC to get an American version of "Whose Line?" produced. Following the final season of the British version in 1998, the American version premiered, with both Stiles and Carey as executive producers. Stiles and Colin Mochrie were the only two actors to appear in every episode of the US version, though Wayne Brady also became a regular near the beginning of the second season. The series was produced until 2006.

Stiles was the most iconic performer on the original UK version of "Whose Line?", appearing in 76 of the series 136 episodes (including compilations). He first appeared in the fifth episode of the second season, which aired in late 1988. He appeared in one other episode of that season, before returning for four episodes of the third season. His prominence increased with each season, including appearances in every episode of Season 4 which was filmed in New York; ultimately appearing in every episode from the seventh season onwards.

Stiles was known for several recurring impressions he performed on the shows, performed both at his own decision and as an assignment in games. These included Carol Channing, Elvis Presley, John Wayne, Jimmy Stewart, Steve Irwin and Christopher Lloyd's character in "Taxi", Jim Ignatowski. He made clear his dislike of the musical segments of the show at every opportunity whenever he was chosen to perform in them, mostly because of his inability to form lyrics quickly. In particular, he disliked the games Hoedown and Irish Drinking Song, often reacting negatively (or sarcastically positively) to its being announced. Other than in early UK playings, Stiles was always the last performer to sing in Hoedown and other similar musical games, allowing him more time to devise lyrics, and giving him the final punch-lines, as well as injecting (usually not-so subtle) jabs at the Hoedown itself, or of the host for having him perform in it.

Stiles had first met Colin Mochrie years before while performing stand-up. They first performed together in Vancouver TheaterSports then in Second City, Toronto.There were a number of games which paired Mochrie and Stiles at every playing. Though other performers did so, he was the most common performer to make bald jokes at Mochrie. In return, Mochrie often made jokes about Stiles's height, nose, attractiveness, and tendency to wear exotic, flamboyant shoes, which were designed by George Esquivel. However, he would sometimes stand up to or make jokes at the other performers (including Drew Carey) who made fun of Mochrie's baldness or Mochrie in general, mostly during Scenes From A Hat.

Stiles received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program in 2002 for his work on the show.

In 1981, Stiles met Patricia McDonald at Punchlines where she was waitressing. They lived together for seven years before marrying in 1988. They have three children: Sam, Mackenzie, and Claire. When not working in Hollywood, he lives at his home on Lake Sammamish, outside Bellingham, Washington, where he has opened the Upfront Theatre, a small theatre dedicated to live improv comedy.

Stiles once lived in a house previously owned by Liberace in Sherman Oaks, California, but he sold it.

Stiles appeared in the 1991 film "Hot Shots" as Mailman Farnham, and also starred in the 1993 sequel (follow-up) "Hot Shots! Part Deux", as marine Rabinowitz.

Since 2004, Stiles has been seen as the reappearing character Dr. Herb Melnick in several episodes of the comedy "Two and a Half Men" which stars his "Hot Shots" co-star Jon Cryer and formerly Charlie Sheen. Stiles also made short guest appearances on "Murphy Brown", "Mad About You", "Mad TV", and "Dharma & Greg". In July 2008, he was a guest star on "Reno 911!" as Sergeant Clift, an acting coach.

During the 1994 Major League Baseball strike Stiles appeared in several commercials for Nike, hanging out in an empty ballpark doing things such as playing the organ and attempting to do the wave alone. The commercials ended with the tag line: "Play ball. Please."


Lake George

Lake George is a glacial lake in the Adirondack Mountains in New York. Isaac Jogues found the lake in 1646. Many tourists visit Lake George.

John Bryson

John E. Bryson (born July 24, 1943) is an American politician. He was the 37th Secretary of Commerce. The Senate confirmed him by a 74–26 vote on October 20, 2011. He became Secretary on October 21, 2011. He is the former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Edison International, the parent company of Southern California Edison. He left office on June 11, 2012. 

From 1976 to 1979, Bryson was chairman of the California State Water Resources Control Board. From 1979 to 1982, he was president of the California Public Utilities Commission.

Bryson helped start the Natural Resources Defense Council after he graduated from law school.


Pinetop Perkins

Joe Willie "Pinetop" Perkins (July 7, 1913 – March 21, 2011) was an American blues musician. He died in Austin, Texas. He was 97 years old when he died. Perkins was a famous pianist. He helped form the style of other musicians. He played with B. B. King for a short time and was part of Muddy Waters' band for more than ten years. He won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2005.


Pope Innocent IV

Pope Innocent IV (; c. 1195 – December 7, 1254), born Sinibaldo Fieschi, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 181st Pope from June 25, 1243 until his death in 1254.

Fieschi was born in Genoa. The Fieschi were a noble family of Liguria.

His nephew will become Adrian V.

He studied at the universities of Parma and Bologna.

Pope Gregory IX made Fieschi a cardinal on September 18, 1227.

Cardinal Fieschi was elected pope on June 25, 1243. He chose the name Innocent IV. Ottobuono Fieschi was the pope's cardinal-nephew during this reign.

Pope Innocent was involved in Italian and European political disputes. The central problem of his papacy was a conflict with Frederick II, who was the Holy Roman Emperor.

In 1245, Pope Innocent called church leaders to the Council of Lyons in France.

Innocent granted the use of the red hat to the cardinals in 1245. The red had was a symbol of the cardinal's readiness to shed their blood in the cause of the church.



Cancale

Cancale (; Gallo: "Cauncall") is a small commune in western France. It is near Saint-Coulomb. A famous place there is the Pointe du Grouin.



Red Norvo

Kenneth "Red" Norvo (31 March 1908, Beardstown, Illinois - 6 April 1999, Santa Monica, California) was an American jazz musician and dancer. He performed from the 1920s through the 1980s. During the 1920s, he was a tap dancer in Vaudeville. His main musical instrument was the vibraphone. He was also a member of The Three Ickkies.


Vanilla Ice

Robert Matthew Van Winkle (born October 31, 1967 in Dallas, Texas), best known as Vanilla Ice, is an American rapper, actor, and singer. He had songs under SBK Records. His most notable song is "Ice Ice Baby". The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1991. He has had other songs released over the years. Comedian Jim Carrey did a spoof on the song, called "White White Baby".

Vanilla Ice was a contestant in the second season of "The Surreal Life" in 2004 and in the sixth series of "Dancing on Ice" in 2011. 


Wilson Phillips

Wilson Phillips are a California based girl group who formed in 1989, disbanded in 1993 and then regrouped in 2004. They are a trio whose names are Carnie and Wendy Wilson, and Chynna Phillips. They had several hit songs over the years.



Peter Yates

Peter Yates (24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011) was an English movie director and producer. He was born in Aldershot, Hampshire. He was nominated for the Academy Award for the movies "Breaking Away" and "The Dresser". He was also nominated several time for BAFTA Awards. One of his best-known movies is "Bullitt" (1968), starring Steve McQueen. Yates died in London on 9 January 2011. He was 81 years old.


Kingswood, South Gloucestershire

Kingswood is an area in South Gloucestershire, South West England. It has a population of 32,000 people. Its postcode is BS15. It is a suburb of Bristol.


Robin Gibb

Robin Hugh Gibb, CBE (22 December 1949 – 20 May 2012) was a British singer, songwriter and record producer, best known as a member of the British-Australian pop group The Bee Gees. Gibb gained worldwide fame with his brothers Barry and Maurice Gibb. Their younger brother Andy Gibb was also a singer.

Gibb died of colorectal cancer in London, England.

National Museum of Natural History

The National Museum of Natural History is a natural history museum on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States. It is administered by the Smithsonian Institution. Admission is free and the museum is open 364 days a year.

The museum's collections total over 500 million specimens of plants, animals, fossils, minerals, rocks, meteorites, and human cultural artifacts (made objects). With 7.4 million visitors in 2009, it is the most visited of all of the Smithsonian museums. It is home to about 185 professional natural history scientists – the largest group of scientists dedicated to the study of natural and cultural history in the world.

The main building includes a popular "Insect Zoo" and an IMAX theater.

The museum includes a collections storage facility in Suitland, Maryland. The museum has a marine science research facility in Ft. Pierce, Florida, and field stations in Belize, Alaska, and Kenya. The museum has seven research departments:

Staff collect specimens of fossils, minerals, rocks, plants and animals, tools and artworks. There are a total of 5,285,754 on-line specimen records are available from this work, and a total of 126 million individual specimens. Trained people look after these finds, and keep the collections in good condition.

The NMNH claims to have the largest, most comprehensive natural history collection in the world.

The museum has research links with a number of U.S. government agencies, which have staff working with and at the museum. These include the Department of the Interior (U.S. Geological Survey Biological Resources Division), the Department of Agriculture (Systematic Entomology Laboratory), the Department of Commerce (National Marine Fisheries Service Systematics Laboratory), and the Department of Defense (Walter Reed Biosystematics Unit).

James Arness

James King Arness (May 26, 1923 – June 3, 2011) was an American actor. He was best known for his role in Gunsmoke. He played the character Marshal Matt Dillon. His younger brother was actor Peter Graves.

Arness was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He dropped the "u" when he started acting. His mother was of German ancestry; his father was of Norwegian ancestry. The family name had been Aursnes, but when Rolf's father, Peter Aursnes, emigrated from Norway in 1887, he changed it to Aurness. Arness and his family were Methodists. He served in the army in Italy during World War II. He received the Bronze Star.

Arness died in Los Angeles at age 88 of natural causes.



Rorathang

Roarthang is a small village market. It is in East Sikkim. Rorathang has a latitude of 27.18 degrees and a longitude of 88.62.

We can find different types people in that locality on the basic of caste and so on.
There is one junior high school just near the market.

Around 6-7 policemen are working or doing their duties.

Just 1 km from Rorethang, between Rhenock and Rorethang, there is one medicine factory. It is famously know to be golden cross which is privately owned and run by a company

Raja Ravi Varma College of Fine Arts

Raja Ravi Varma College of Fine Arts is in Mavelikkara, Kerala, India. The college was established by Rama Varma son of Raja Ravi Varma in 1915.The first principal of this college was Artist P.J.Cherian. The college offers both undergraduate degree and diploma courses in fine arts, including in sculpture, painting and applied arts. This government institution is affiliated with the University of Kerala. 




Jason Aldean

Jason Aldine Williams (born February 28, 1977 in Macon, Georgia) known as Jason Aldean is an American country music singer and guitarist. Aldean has won two CMA awards in 2011 for "Musical Event of the Year" with "Don't You Wanna Stay" featuring Kelly Clarkson and "Album of the Year" for My Kinda Party.

Jason Aldean is married to Jessica Ussery and they were wed on August 4, 2001. He resides with her and their two daughters Keeley and Kendyl in Nashville, Tennessee.

On October 1, 2017, Jason Aldean had just begun performing "When She Says Baby" at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas when Stephen Paddock, a gunman began firing into the crowd from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. He fled the scene and was unharmed, but at least 58 people were killed and over five hundred people were injured as a result of the incident.



Official website

Uptown Girls

Uptown Girls is a movie starring Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning. Brittany Murphy's character plays a babysitter for Dakota Fanning's character and at first they do not get along but they get to know each other better and become good friends.

Let Me Hear Your Voice


Pope Innocent V

Pope Innocent V (; c. 1225 – June 22, 1276), born Pierre de Tarentaise, was a French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 186th Pope from January 21 to June 22, 1276. He was the first Dominican to be elected pope.

He was born around 1225 in the Tarentaise region of southeastern France.

He joined the Dominican Order. In 1262, he became Provincial of France.

Pope Gregory X made Tarentaise Bishop of Lyons in 1272.

In 1273, Gregory X raised Tarentaise to the rank of Cardinal of Ostia.

Cardinal Tarentaise was elected on January 21, 1276. He chose the name Innocent V.

He was pope for only a five months.

In 1898, Innocent V was beatified.



Okayama Prefecture

During the Meiji Restoration, the area of Okayama Prefecture was known as Bitchū Province, Bizen Province and Mimasaka Province.

Okayama Prefecture borders Hyōgo Prefecture its the west, Tottori Prefecture on its north and Hiroshima Prefecture on its east. It faces Kagawa Prefecture in Shikoku to the west across the Seto Inland Sea. The prefecture includes 90 islands.

There are 15 cities in Okayama Prefecture:

National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Kibitsuhiko jinja" and "Kibitsu jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Crab rangoon

Crab rangoon are deep-fried dumplings. They are served in American Chinese restaurants. They are stuffed with a combination of cream cheese, lightly flaked crab meat with scallions and/or garlic. These fillings are then wrapped in Chinese wonton wrappers. They are then deep fried in vegetable oil.

In the Pacific Northwest states of America crab rangoon are also known as crab puffs. National crab rangoon day is October 2nd.

Stereo Love

"Stereo Love" is a 2009 song recorded by Romanian musician Edward Maya featuring Vika Jigulina. It was his first single in late 2009 from his album "The Stereo Love Show". The refrain is from "Bayatılar", composed by Azerbaijani musician Eldar Mansurov. It became a worldwide hit in Nightclubs and rose to the top of Romanian, French, Dutch, Turkish, Finnish, Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, and Irish singles charts.

The song and the music video were both included on the compilation "NRJ Music Awards 2010". The music video was filmed in Greece, as Edward Maya stated in an interview that Greece "was a place that I fell in love with". In 2011, the song was awarded as top dance song at the Billboard Music Awards.

Doris Roberts

Doris Roberts (November 4, 1925 – April 17, 2016) was an American actress. She acted in movies, television and on stage. She was known for her role as Marie Barone in the sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond".

Roberts died in Los Angeles, California, on April 17, 2016, at age 90 in her sleep, due to a stroke.

Bechyně

Bechyně is a South Bohemian town in the Czech Republic. It lies 19 km southwest of Tabor in the forested landscape at the confluence of rivers Lužnice and stream Smutná. Bechyně was founded by Jan Lucemburský around the year 1323. Town now has about 6,000 inhabitants and is especially famous for spas and the production of ceramics. Well-preserved historic town centre is one of the most valuable urban conservation areas in the country since 1990.

In the 16th century, it had Peter Vok of Rožmberk rebuild from Gothic castle in representative Renaissance castle, where he later (in 1580) married Catherine of Ludanice. During the summer season the castle is open to the public and guided exposures and serves as place for many of cultural events.

Church dominating the rock above the river Lužnice, was established in 1491, the original Augustinian monastery functioned here from first half of the 14th century. Part of the area is also a monastery garden with pleasant seating and beautiful views of the valley Lužnice.

Main dominant of Masaryk square. The church was founded between 13th and 14th century and gained current appearance after reconstruction in 1740. The tower of the church is open to the public in summer and provides views over the town.

"Bechyně rainbow" is a reinforced concrete arched bridge that was designed by Eduard Viktor. It was completed on 28 October 1928. "Bechyně rainbow" was the highest reinforced concrete arch bridge in the former Czechoslovakia, the height above the river 50 m, 90 m span arch and length 203.38 m. The bridge is used for road and rail transport and for walk as well. This bridge has become an icon of the town and was used in the official town logo.

The railway route from Tábor to Bechyně was built as the first electrified railway in Austria Hungary, completed in 1903. The track originally ended before Bechyně at the old station. After completion of the bridge “Bechyně rainbow” was in 1928 extended up to the town.

Ratibořské Hory

Ratibořské Hory is a village and municipality. It is in the Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.

The municipality is . As of 2 October 2006, there were 747 people living there.

Village Ratibořské Hory is 9 miles northeast of Tabor in the direction of Kutna Hora.

The village currently has about 740 inhabitants and consists of five parts - Ratibořské Hory, Vresce, Dub, Podoli and Ratiborice. There already begins Moravian Highlands with the occurrence of minerals and ores containing silver.

In 1526 King Louis Jagelonsky granted brothers Medencum of Ratiborice and Podoli right to extract minerals in a half miles in circumference around Ratiborice. The king reserved the preferential right to purchase precious metals, gold and lot for two stacks and talent of silver for three and a half stack.

This privilege started extensive mining activity area Ratiborice, which enriched the local landscape of picturesque islands heaps especially with forest vegetation. It is these heaps, vivid evidence of mining, are a wonderful adornment of the landscape, we can observe the dominant height, from Adam's Hill, whose summit is at an altitude of 611 meters, or from the top of the loaf, which is above the natural park Polanka and its altitude is 666 m.

Through this cycle, called the results "silver eight" that showcases the very beautiful natural scenery with twelve ponds that are surrounded by meadow vegetation in protected plants - such as "Menyanthes trifoliata" which is an herb that has known its share in it drink, which has a great success both at home and abroad and is known for Becherovka.
From cultural attractions dominate renovated churches St. Bartholomew in Ratiborice and St. Adalbert in Ratiborske Hory.

The development of the municipality contributes to school, post office, health center, public library, grocery store and last but not least, the local association Sokol, volunteer firefighters, SK Ratiborske Hory and hunting associations.

Tourists, who can also use the regular bus lines from the district town, offering a pleasant rest and two restaurants on the square of Ratiborske Hory.

The town Ratibořské Hory (Bergstadtl), founded four hundred eighty years ago in the northeast of Tabor, was for several centuries dependent on mining.
The boom in mining caused a much greater concentration of population in Ratibořské Hory than the corresponding options of agricultural production in the town and its surroundings.

Fundamental change in character fit in well with the renewal of mining in the district of Ratiborice sometime early 16 century. Already from 1515, was preserved record of the smelting of silver ore from Ratiborice and Vresce in Rosenberg's steelworks in the Czech Krumlov. The Rosenbergs invested in these mines large amounts of money, called the new professionals who are in Ratibořice Mountains focused primarily on large construction pit the Three Kings. At that time Ratibořské Hory with the surroundings at the peak of its prosperity, which was mined today in nearly all known mines.

Canoe racing

Canoe racing is a water sport. The sport normally takes place on water that is moving very slowly or not moving at all. The goal of the sport is to move the canoe a given distance in the shortest time. This sport is an Olympic event. At one time, wooden boats were used for racing. Over time, people started using boats made of carbon fibers. These boats are lighter and tougher than wooden boats.
There are two main types of races. These are canoe (C1, C2, C4) and kayak (K1, K2, K4). The number tells how many people are on the boat. In a kayak, a person sits. In a canoe, a person kneels on one knee. A kayak has a rudder. It is used to steer the boat. A canoeist (person who uses a canoe) uses the paddle to move the boat. This is done by moving the paddle from the bow to the stern (front to back). After each race, the boats are looked at to make certain they are legal. If a boat does not have enough weight, the racer is disqualified and cannot win the race.

Races are divided into several groups based on how long they are.
In short distance races, the races are either 200 m, 500 m or 1000 m long. The path of the race is laid out using buoys. Each person has a separate path to follow from the starting line to the finish. On longer races, there may be a point where the paths cross each other to let the person turn their boat.

Long distance races are 5000 m long. Marathon races are at least 15 km. Men's marathon has a minimum length of 20 km. Women's marathon has a minimum of 15 km. Most major races are 30 km or longer. There is no maximum distance for marathon races. There is a marathon race that is about 1000 km long on in the Yukon. The longer races are usually broken up into several parts and may be raced over several days. In long distance and marathon races, all racers start at the same time. They do not use "intervals" where the racers are started at different times.

Geocaching

Geocaching is an outdoor sport activity based on GPS (Global Positioning System). Players use a receiver or mobile device and other navigational techniques to hide or look for containers, called "geocaches" or "caches".

One of the main ideas of geocaching is putting caches in places that are interesting, but not often visited by tourists. In the listing of the cache, information about the places is given.

After 19 years of activity there are over 3,000,000 active geocaches. There are over 5 million geocachers worldwide.

Geocaching was invented shortly after the removal of artificial error from GPS on May 2, 2000. Accuracy of the GPS before this date was about 100m, after this date is less than 3m. Improved accuracy allowed geocachers to specify where caches are located.

The first cache was placed on May 3, 2000, by Dave Ulmer in Beavercreek. It was found by Mike Teague of Vancouver on May 6, 2000. The original name of the game is "GPS Stash Hunt", but it was changed on May 30, 2000 after the discussion of several players to "Geocaching". 

The cache is usually in a waterproof plastic container with a logbook where geocachers write their registered nickname and date they find it. Larger containers usually contain items for trading like plastic toys, hockey cards or special trackable items called Travel Bugs or Geocoins. Trackable items are logged on the website and moved from cache to cache.

The coordinates of a hidden cache with the rating of the difficulty and terrain and information about size are placed by owner at the official website Geocaching.com. After checking by a reviewer, they are published and available for other gteocachers.

Traditional cache: The basic cache type, hidden on the place defined by coordinates in header of listing.

Multi cache: The geocacher usually has to go over the stages, find some information at every stage (such as number on information board etc.) and at the finish calculate the coordinates of the final cache.

Mystery/puzzle cache (also called "Unknown cache"): The coordinates of the final cache are usually hidden in some cipher, image or text and the geocacher has to discover it.

Letterbox hybrid cache: A combination of geocaching and letterboxing in the same container. Instead of a classic cache there is a stamp, which the finder can print to his or her diary.

Webcam cache: It is not a typical cache where the geocacher has to find a hidden box with a logbook. Instead, he has to find a webcam on the published coordinates and take a photo of himself.

Virtual cache: Similar to webcam cache, there is no hidden box at the coordinates. The geocacher only has to find out information such as the name on a monument and send it to the owner of the cache.

Earth cache: Very similar to virtual cache, but in a geographically interesting place. The geocacher has to find out answers for the questions in a listing, take a photo here, and send it to the owner of the cache.

Event cache: Meeting organized and attended by geocachers. There is also special type of event – CITO (Cache in, trash out), where geocachers have to clean up an area. An event attended by more than 500 people is called a Mega-event, and an event attended by more than 5000 people is called a Giga-event

Cardinal-nephew

A cardinal-nephew (; ;) was a pope's relative -- a nephew -- who was raised to the rank of cardinal. The practice of creating cardinal-nephews originated in the Middle Ages.

Cardinal-nephew was an office in the Curia of the Roman Catholic Church before 1692. After the death of the reigning pope, the office of cardinal-nephew was vacated. 

The pope's cardinal-nephew was his chief assistant and confident. The man in this role was expected to act as if he were a relative of the pope; and sometimes -- often, he was in fact a member of the pope's extended family. 

After 1692, this office was banned by Pope Innocent XII in "Romanum decet pontificem." 

This role and function is now filled by the Vatican's Secretary of State.

Notable cardinal-nephews include many who would later become popes:


Chemical energy

Chemical energy is the energy produced in a chemical reaction in the form of heat. Using Hess's law it is possible to calculate the amount of energy an exothermic reaction produces.

El Cid

Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar (about 1043 – 1099 AD), known as El Cid, was a Castilian nobleman. He was a military leader in medieval Spain. After his death, he became the hero in a mediaeval Spanish poem, "El Cantar de mio Cid".

Exiled from the court, El Cid went on to command a Moorish force. After the Christian defeat, El Cid was recalled to service. He took command of a combined Christian and Moorish army. He used this army to create his own fiefdom in Valencia. He was a brave general that lead his country to victory. El Cid was born in Vivar, also known as Castillona de Bivar. The Muslims gave him the nickname "El Cid" from the Spanish Arabic word al-sid, meaning "lord." 

El Cid was brought up at the court of King Ferdinand the Great and served Ferdinand's son, Sancho II of León and Castile. He rose to become the commander and royal standard-bearer of Castile when Sancho became king in 1065. 

Sancho wanted to reunite all the three parts of his dead father's kingdom. Rodrigo lead the Castilian military campaigns against Sancho's brothers, Alfonso VI of León and García II of Galicia, as well as in the Muslim kingdoms in Al-Andalus. Sancho was murdered in 1072. 

After his brother's death, Alfonso returned from exile attempting to claim his dead brothers throne. El Cid then swore Alfonso to the throne and named him King.

Although, Alfonso feared that El Cid would not prove loyal, but with no proof. In 1074, El Cid married Alfonso's niece, Jimena. Some believe the marriage was encouraged by Alfonso to bring El Cid under his watchful eye. Alfonso never gave El Cid a chance to make a better name for himself in the military, and kept him from becoming famous. 

El Cid soon became fed up, and in 1081, without Alfonso's permission, he invaded the city of Toledo.

This made Alfonso very mad, and his advisors told him that El Cid had tried to betray him by attacking the city without his permission, false information. Alfonso then banished him from the Kingdom of Castile. 

El Cid then worked as a paid, professional soldier for the Muslim king of Saragossa. During the time that had past, El Cid defeated Christian attacks and continued to make himself better known and more famous as a general. This caused other kings and generals to fear that El Cid would overtake them with his power.

In October 1086, Alfonso had a battle with the Almoravids. They attacked each other at Sagrajas, where Alfonso was defeated. The loss made Alfonso reconsider banishing El Cid. Alfonso called him back, hoping El Cid could defeat the Almoravids. However, the trust issues led the two men to go their separate ways yet again. The Alfonso and El Cid were meet together with their armies, but they failed to because of miscommunication. People convinced King Alfonso that El Cid had planned to not show up, and let Alfonso and his army be defeated. Once again, Alfonso exiled El Cid.
El Cid and his small army left, and invaded land in eastern Spain. Four years later, he ruled a large, wealthy territory. Its capital was Valencia.

He ruled well, allowing Muslims and Christians to mingle. King Alfonso begged for El Cid’s help in his ongoing battle with the Almoravids. Meanwhile, the kingdom El Cid had worked so hard to build was falling apart from Muslim revolts. El Cid went back to Valencia and returned the city to peace.

El Cid continued to conquer many cities before his death on July 10, 1099 in Valencia. El Cid's life story inspired many playwrights and poems.

1981 Irish hunger strike

The 1981 Irish Hunger Strike was a hunger protest in Northern Ireland by Irish republican prisoners during the Troubles. During the protest, seven prisoners from the Provisional Irish Republican Army and three from the Irish National Liberation Army starved themselves to death in the hunger strike. The first to die, Bobby Sands, was elected as a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom during his hunger strike.

By the end of the protest 10 prisoners had died. Their names, paramilitary affiliation, dates of death, and length of hunger strike are as follows: 

UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying Group B

This page shows the results for Group B of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualification. Russia qualified, and the Republic of Ireland went to the playoffs.


The top scorer of the group was Henrikh Mkhitaryan (Armenia) with 6 goals.

List of social networking websites

This is a list of social networks.

Pat Morita

Noriyuki "Pat" Morita (June 28, 1932 – November 24, 2005) was an American actor and stand up comedian of Japanese descent. He was born in Isleton, California. He is known for playing Mr. Miyagi in the "Karate Kid" movies. He also appeared in the sitcom "Happy Days". He died of renal failure in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dork Diaries

Dork Diaries Is A Nickelodeon Canadian-American Childrens Animated Educational Television Series Produced By Nelvana Limited In Assassction With YTV Treehouse TV and Nickelodeon Animation Studio (Poilt Only)

In the first book, Nikki Maxwell had always wanted an iPhone so she could become a popular girl at school.. Before she starts eighth grade, Nikki hoped her mom bought her an iPhone as a back to school present. She becomes very disappointed that her mom got her a diary instead. She starts eighth grade on a scholarship her dad got her due to his bug extermination contract with the horrible school. She doesn't want anyone to know she only attends the school due to her dad's extermination contract. She is devastated to have a locker next to the most popular girl in school, Mackenzie Hollister, who makes nasty comments about other girls. So when she goes to class one day, Mackenzie hands her an invitation to her big birthday bash. Nikki thought she was going to be invited to the party, but Mackenzie wanted her to pass it to her best friend, Jessica, who sits behind Nikki. Then Nikki finds out about the school's annual art competition, in which the grand prize is $500. She went to the office to fill out a form, but she fills out a paper to sign up to be a Library Shelving Assistant. Nikki eventually does sign up for the art competition, and enters a watercolour she painted in art camp. The day the art is due, her painting is destroyed by her dad's van. So her friends and crush team up to make an art project from pictures of tattoos Nikki did with her lucky pen. Her art wins the art contest, and Nikki is excited to receive the $500. 

Nikki Maxwell: Dorky, writes in diary. Cute crush, 2 BFF's, pretty decent artist, experiences bullying a lot. Goes to Westchester on an extermination scholarship. Her real name is Nicole.

Brandon Roberts - Nikki's crush, volunteers at Fuzzy Friends, secretly likes Nikki too. His grandma, Betty, is owner of Fuzzy Friends.

Zoeysha E Franklin- Short name, Zoey, her dad is executive media producer (allows her to meet all celebrities). Mom is an attorney. She and Chloe are Nikki's BFF's.

Chloe C Garcia- Has Latin origins, her dad is an author and owns big library (allows her to read all novels). She and Zoey are also the back-up singers of Nikki's band, Actually, I'm Not Really Sure Yet.

Mackenzie Hollister- bully, spoiled brat, rich, lip-gloss addict, always wears designer clothes and shoes, blonde hair extensions. Like Nikki, she also has a little sister (who is named Amanda) and she is a lot like Brianna. In the 10th book of the Dork Diaries series (Tales from a Not-So-Perfect Pet Sitter), Amanda becomes Brianna's best friend at her ballet class. Mackenzie is also the leader of the CCP (Cute, Cool, and Popular) clique.

Brianna Lynn Maxwell 

Jessica Hunter 

Violet Baker 

Marcy Simms

Marcus

Tiffany Davenport

Andre: Andre is the stepbrother of Tiffany. He was introduced in Dork Diaries: Tales from a Not-So-Secret Crush Catastrophe (the 12th book of the Dork Diaries series). He is one of the main antagonists in the newer books but turned into a protagonist in the story. André strongly rivals Brandon Roberts and tries to undermine his relationship with Nikki Maxwell as well as the popular ship Nandre. He is also the first and only friend of Nikki to call her Nicole.
Martin Landau

Martin James Landau (June 20, 1928 – July 15, 2017) was an American actor. Landau won an Academy Award for his portrayal of Bela Lugosi in "Ed Wood" directed by Tim Burton.

Martin Landau was of Jewish descent. When Landau was a teenager, he was hired by "The New York Daily News" as a cartoonist.

Landau started acting in small roles in films and television shows such as "The Goldbergs" (1953) and "Armstrong Circle Theatre" (1956). His first major role was in the Alfred Hitchcock movie "North by Northwest" (1959) with Cary Grant. In 1966 he got the role of master of disguise Rollin Hand in the TV series "Mission Impossible", along with his wife, Barbara Bain. He played that role for three years and earned a Golden Globe Award in 1968. 

In 1975, Landau was hired for the British sci fi TV series "Space: 1999", where he played Commander John Koenig. Barbara Bain was also in that series. Then Landau starred in movies such as "Meteor" (1979) with Sean Connery and "The Fall of the House of Usher" (1979) where he played Roderick Usher. In 1982 he returned to play an unbalanced character in "Alone in the Dark", directed by Jack Sholder and starring Jack Palance and Donald Pleasence. In 1988, Landau was nominated for an Academy Award for his supporting role in "Tucker: The Man and His Dream" directed by Francis Ford Coppola, and then "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989) by Woody Allen. 

He also won a Golden Globe for his role in "Tucker: The Man and His Dream". In 1994, Martin Landau got a role in "Ed Wood" with Johnny Depp and directed by Tim Burton. In that movie, he played Bela Lugosi. He won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe in 1995 for that.

Landau appeared in TV series "In Plain Sight" (2009), "The Simpsons" (2011) and in the movies "Ivory" (2010) and "Mysteria" (2011).

Landau died at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California on July 15, 2017 at the age of 89. The cause of death was hypovolemia shock caused by atherosclerosis and gastrointestinal bleeding.


Nina Aigner

Nina Aigner (born 20 June 1980 in Antiesenhofen, Austria) is a former Austrian football player. She played as striker and finished her career after the 2010/11 season. Her last team was FC Bayern München. Nina Aigner was also a talented tennis player and played at the age of 15 un the U16 team world championship where she won the bronce medal.
She started playing football for the SV Peterskirchen. 1998 she went on to Union Kleinmünchen Linz and won this season her first title in the ÖFB-Frauenliga. The next two seasons she played for Union Landhaus Vienna. She won twice the double with this club.

2001 she went to FC Bayern München and played her first match versus SC Freiburg. There she shot her first goal. The last match was on 20 February 2011. With end of the season she finished her career. In 176 matches for München she scored 107 goals. In her career she shot 221 goals in 241 matches. During her time with Bayern she made a degree in sport marketing (2007)

For the Austrian football national team she played 29 matches and shot 7 goals.


Mariel Hemingway

Mariel Hemingway (b. November 22, 1961) is an American actress and writer. She starred in many television programs and in movies. She is the granddaughter of writer Ernest Hemingway.

Hemingway's first role was with her sister Margaux in the movie "Lipstick" (1976). The movie was not considered especially good, but Mariel received notice for her acting. She was nominated as "Best Newcomer" for the Golden Globes Award that year.

Hemingway's most famous role was in Woody Allen's "Manhattan". It was a romantic comedy in which she plays Tracy, a high school student and Allen's lover. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

In "Personal Best" (1982), she played a bisexual track and field athlete. The movie was noted for some explicit (by mainstream standards) lesbian love scenes. In connection with "Personal Best", she appeared in a pictorial in the April 1982 issue of "Playboy" and was also on the cover.

She starred as Dorothy Stratten in "Star 80" (1983), a movie about the "Playboy" model's life and murder. Reports circulated for years that Hemingway had had her breasts enlarged to play the role of Stratten. During a 2007 appearance on the late-night talk and variety show, "Fashionably Late with Stacy London", she said she had the surgery before "Star 80". Her breast implants were removed years later after they had ruptured.

Hemingway has played a lesbian or bisexual woman in several movies and television shows, including, "Personal Best", "The Sex Monster", "In Her Line of Fire", and episodes of the TV series "Roseanne" and "Crossing Jordan". Hemingway, however, is not gay. She has said she formed a "big connection with the gay-and-lesbian community" after "Personal Best" and enjoys taking roles in "cutting-edge" productions.

Hemingway has a perfume, "Mariel", by HO+.

She is the host of "Spiritual Cinema", a monthly television show dedicated to spiritual movies. She has begun hosting a series of yoga practice videos "Yoga Now", with guru Rodney Yee.

In December 2008, Hemingway said through her web site's blog that she had separated from her husband earlier in the year. Hemingway had been married since December 9, 1984 to Stephen Crisman. They had two daughters together: model Dree Hemingway (born 1987) and Langley Fox Hemingway (born 1989). As of early 2011, Hemingway is romantically involved with Bobby Williams.

Mariel Hemingway is the author of:

Tiffany Darwish

Tiffany Renee Darwish (born October 2, 1971) much better known by her stage name Tiffany, is an American singer-songwriter. She has had many hit songs, including "I Think We're Alone Now". This 1987 song was a cover of the 1967 hit of the same name. She was born and raised in Norwalk, California.

Kanjanur

Kanjanur is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is on the northern bank of the Kaveri River about 18 kilometres north-east of Kumbakonam. It is one of the nine "Navagrahasthalas" of the Cauvery Delta. It is famous for its Agniswarar temple. This temple is dedicated to Shukra (Venus). The temple is one of the "Navagraha Temples" of the Cauvery Delta. To the north of Kanjanur, there are some low hillocks. These are 100 to 150 feet high. Magnesite have been discovered in these hills.


James Black

Sir James Whyte Black, OM, FRS, FRSE, FRCP (14 June 1924 – 22 March 2010) was a Scottish doctor and pharmacologist. Black started in the physiology department at the University of Glasgow. While there, he became interested in how adrenaline affected the human heart. He went to work for ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1958. While working for ICI, he created propranolol. Propranolol is a beta blocker, used to treat heart disease. Black also created cimetidine. It is a drug used to treat stomach ulcers. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1988 for creating these drugs.

Black was born in Uddingston, Lanarkshire. He was the fourth of five sons of a Baptist family. His father was a mining engineer. He grew up in Fife. Black went to Beath High School, Cowdenbeath. At the age of 15, he won a scholarship to the University of St Andrews. At St Andrews, he studied medicine. He graduated in 1946.

After graduating he joined the Physiology department at University College as an Assistant Lecturer. He later took a lecturer position at the University of Malaya. Black had decided against a career as a medical practitioner as he objected to what he perceived as the insensitive treatment of patients at the time.

After graduation, Black took a teaching job in Singapore for three years. He moved to London in 1950. Later in 1950, he returned to Scotland. He joined the University of Glasgow (Veterinarian School). There that he became interesteed in how adrenaline affects the human heart. He was mainly interesting in how it affected people with angina. He found the effects of adrenaline did not help. He joined ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1958. He worked with the company until 1964. During this time, he created propranolol, which became the world's best-selling drug. While at ICI, Black developed a new way of doing research. Before this, drug molecules would be created and then tested to find in what ways the molecules could be used as medicine. Black chose to pick a medical use and then try to create the molecules for that medicine. The discovery of propranolol was said to be the greatest discovery in the treatment of heart disease since the discovery of digitalis.

At the same time, Black was trying to find a treatment for stomach ulcers. ICI did not wish to do this so Black stopped working for them in 1964. He joined Smith, Kline and French. He worked for them for nine years until 1973. While there, Black developed his second major drug, cimetidine. It was first sold under the brand name Tagamet in 1975. Tagamet soon outsold propranolol to become the world's largest-selling prescription drug.

Black became the department head of pharmacology at University College London in 1973. He created a new undergraduate course in medicinal chemistry. He had many problems trying to get money for research, so he quit. He went to work for Wellcome Research Laboratories in 1978. He worked there until 1984. Black then became Professor of Analytical Pharmacology at the Rayne Institute of King's College London medical school. He stayed there until 1992. He created the James Black Foundation in 1988 with money from Johnson and Johnson. He worked with 25 scientists in drugs research. This research included gastrin inhibitors which may stop some stomach cancers.

Black helped increase basic scientific and clinical knowledge in cardiology. His creation of propranolol is thought to be one of the most important contributions to clinical medicine and pharmacology of the 20th century. Propranolol has helped millions of people.

Black was made a Knight Bachelor on 10 February 1981 for services to medical research. He received the honour from Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. On 26 May 2000 he was appointed to the Order of Merit by the Queen.

He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1976. That same year he was awarded the Lasker award. In 1979, he was awarded the Artois-Baillet Latour Health Prize. In 1982 Black was awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine. He was awarded the 1988 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Gertrude B. Elion and George H. Hitchings for their work on drug development. In 1994 he received the Ellison-Cliffe Medal from the Royal Society of Medicine.


David Cassidy

David Bruce Cassidy (April 12, 1950 – November 21, 2017) was an American singer, actor, songwriter and guitarist. He had many hit songs between the 1970s and the 2000s. He played Keith Partridge in the television sitcom "The Partridge Family" in the 1970s. Cassidy was one of the contestants on Celebrity Apprentice 2011.

Cassidy was born in New York City. His parents were actor Jack Cassidy (1927-1976) and actress Evelyn Ward (1923-2012). He grew up in West Orange, New Jersey and Beverly Hills, California.

Cassidy announced on February 20, 2017, that he was suffering from dementia. 

On November 18, 2017, it was announced that Cassidy has been hospitalized in Fort Lauderdale, Florida with multiple organ failure. He was in critical condition and was placed in a medically induced coma. Two days later, Cassidy was out of the coma and was waiting for a liver transplant. Cassidy died on November 21, 2017, aged 67.

Tropical Storm Lee (2011)

Tropical Storm Lee was the 12th named storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season. Lee was responsible for 21 deaths and property damage in total was in excess of $2 billion. The storm affected areas from Louisiana and Texas to Pennsylvania and New York.

Digital electronics

Digital electronics is a type of electronics. These make use of "boolean logic" and "discrete digital signals" for electronics, devices, and equipment. 

Examples of such devices are computers, information appliances, digital cameras, digital televisions, flash memory, key USB memory, mobile phones, hard disks, and devices of computer memory. Digital signal processing works on analog signals after they have been converted to digital form.

Digital electronics is a branch of electronics concerning digital circuits which apply boolean logic which are represented by electronic logic gates. True and false are represented by different binary values with 0 volts for true and 5 volts for false. Digital circuits are less vulnerable to noise but consume a lot of energy. Digital circuits were invented in the twentieth century and is the foundation for digital communications and computers.

Dominique Dawes

Dominique Dawes (born November 20, 1976 in Silver Spring, Maryland) is a retired gymnastics performer. She won multiple medals. As a member of the US National Gymnastic Team, she won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She was a ten year member of US National Gymnastic Team.

Semi-trailer truck

A semi-trailer truck, also known as a semi, tractor-trailer, big rig, eighteen-wheeler, or (in the United Kingdom and Ireland) articulated lorry or artic is a vehicle that includes a tractor unit for towing and a semi-trailer for carrying freight or passengers. Some of them use diesel fuel.

A semi-tractor has no body and does not carry any cargo on it. The front of a semi-trailer is put on it. Only the rear of the trailers have wheels, so the tractor pulls the trailer and carries the front part of the trailer's weight.

The tractor and driver cost as much as a truck, but the trailers don't cost very much. You can have more trailers than tractors and the tractors can change trailers easily. The tractor and driver do not have to wait to be loaded or unloaded, they can change trailers. They can also pull different kinds of trailers, any type that is needed at the time.

All countries have different laws for semi-trucks. The biggest difference between the EU, UK, and US is the length of the semi-truck. Most weigh about the same (US trucks weigh a little less than EU and UK trucks). Most are about the same width and height. In large countries truck s can be longer. They can have a larger cargo space. Longer semi-tractors drive better at faster speeds. Most US trucks are "convential" (bonneted in UK) with the engine under a hood in front of the cab. In the US shorter trucks weigh less. The weight has to be spread out over a long length. This is important on bridges. With long semi-trucks not as many trucks fit on the bridge and the weight of the axles are far apart. This length is important in the US.
In the UK and EU roads are smaller and turn more. Trucks have to be shorter. Most are cab-over-engine models (COE). The driver sits over the engine and the front of the cab is flat. Shorter trucks can weigh more. Trailers can have three axles under the load, and short semi-tractors with two axles. These have the same weight and number of axles as a long semi-truck. They take up less space and can turn better.

Different countries drive on different sides of the road. This is named for the side the driver sits on. The UK is the main right-hand drive (RHD) country. Most countries that were British colonies are RHD. The EU and most other countries are LHD. The US was British but is LHD. Canada (next to the US) is LHD. When you are building a truck LHD or RHD is not important. Australia builds US type Mack and International trucks with RHD.

Semi-trailers can be the same types as trucks, because they do not cost as much as a truck they can also be special types. Shipping containers are large and heavy. In some countries special laws cover them. Skeleton frame trailers are built to carry them. Long semi-trailers are used for logs. In the U.K. and E.U., some logs are smaller. The trailers are 2 or 3 logs long. They have a crane to load them. In the U.S. "lowboys" (the load is just above the road) carry large construction machines. Special trailers can be built for very big loads. Australian road trains can consist of 4 trailers.

Interstate 470 (Ohio – West Virginia)

Interstate 470 (I-470) is a long loop of Interstate 70. It goes around the city of Wheeling, West Virginia. The western end of the road is where it meets I-70 near Blaine, Ohio. Traveling southeast through Belmont County, the highway comes to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge which carries I-470 over the Ohio River. After crossing the river into Ohio County, West Virginia, the highway turns northeast. It runs towards the Wheeling neighborhood of Elm Grove. The road's eastern end is at I-70 near Wheeling Park.

On average, between 26,000 and 38,000 vehicles use the highway every day. During the rebuilding work on the Wheeling Tunnel, I-470 was one of two suggested detour routes to avoid the closed tunnel.


Video camera

A video camera is camera used to make electronic motion pictures. It captures moving images and synchronous sound. Early video cameras were all analog and most modern ones are digital. Analog video cameras produce signals that can be displayed with analog televisions. The signals can be shown at the time, or can be stored in an analog format on magnetic tape. Digital video cameras produce digital images.

Video cameras were invented early in the 20th century for television use, and by the end of the century, people could buy digital video cameras, which can almost immediately display the image. Video recorders that could record the image on magnetic tape were created in the middle 20th century.

At first, video cameras were large and expensive. Only professionals operated them. As the electronics industry advanced, and solid state circuits with transistors and microprocessors replaced vacuum tubes, video cameras became smaller and inexpensive. Now many mobile phones and other consumer electronic devices include video cameras. In addition, software is now widely available to edit or to compress the output from video cameras.

Modern video cameras have numerous designs and uses, not all of which resemble the early television cameras. 

Special uses of video cameras include systems that capture images at the finish line to time races and sporting events. Some toll roads use video cameras to make pictures of the license plate of any car that fails to pay tolls. Computers then identify the drivers and mail enforcement letters to collect the missed tolls.

Pope Innocent VI

Pope Innocent VI (; c. 1282 – September 12, 1362), born Étienne Aubert, was a French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 200th Pope from December 18, 1352 until his death in 1362.

He was the fifth of the seven popes who lived in Avignon in France.

Étienne Aubert was born in the hamlet of Les Monts, which is today part of the commune of Beyssac in the Corrèze department of France. He was the son of Adhemar Aubert (1260-?), seigneur de Montel-De-Gelas in Limousin.

Aubert was made the Bishop of Noyon in 1338; and he became the Bishop of Clermont in 1340.

In 1342, he was raised to the position of cardinal.

Cardinal Aubert was elected pope on December 18, 1352. He chose to be called Innocent VI.

Pope Innocent was involved in Italian and European political disputes.


The tomb of Innocent VI is at the Carthusian monastery of Villeneuve-les-Avignon.



Broker

A broker is a middleman who brings others together to bargain, or bargains for them.

A broker is someone who helps arranges transactions between two parties.

The broker is sometimes a mediator between a buyer and a seller. The broker sometimes gets a commission when the deal is completed. 

A broker who also acts as a seller or as a buyer becomes a principal party to the deal. 

A broker is different than an agent: one who acts on behalf of a principal.

In the Heat of the Night (TV series)

In the Heat of the Night was an American television series that aired beginning March 1988 to May 1995 on the NBC and CBS networks. The show's themes dealt with racism, incest, corruption by government and abuse of drugs.

Stress analysis

Stress analysis is the study of stresses and strains in materials and structures as force is applied against them. It is a topic in engineering. Stress may cause deformation or fractures in materials. Stress analysis is about finding out how much stress causes deformation in a given material.

Stress analysis is an important task for civil, mechanical and aerospace engineers. They work on the design of structures of all sizes, such as bridges and dams, machines, and even plastic cutlery and staples. Stress analysis is also used in the maintenance of such structures, and to investigate the causes of structural failures.

University of Göttingen

The University of Göttingen (), known informally as Georgia Augusta, is a university in the city of Göttingen, Germany.

King George II of Great Britain and the Elector of Hanover founded the school in 1734. It opened for classes in 1737. The University of Göttingen soon grew in size and popularity. Göttingen is a historic university city, with a high student and faculty population.

The University of Göttingen is one of the highest-ranked universities in Germany. It is associated with 45 Nobel laureates.


Beloit, Wisconsin

Beloit is a city in southern Wisconsin near the Illinois border just north of Rockford, Illinois. The city has two colleges: Blackhawk Technical College and Beloit College.

Beloit is located on the north side of the border between Wisconsin and Illinois.


Outlaw (arcade game)

Outlaw is a shooting video game by Atari. It came out first for arcade automats in 1976. The player uses a joystick or a gamepad to play the game. It has animated violence in it. The player has to shoot targets to win points. 

Rosetta (spacecraft)

Rosetta was an ESA space probe. It went on a mission to study the comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko. The Rosetta mission had two parts: the Rosetta space probe and the Philae lander. The spacecraft was launched on 2 March 2004 by an Ariane 5 rocket. On 12 November 2014 Philae landed but soon lost electrical power and radio contact. Rosetta continued to examine the comet from orbit until 30 September 2016 when it landed.

Kim Basinger

Kim Basinger (born December 8, 1953) is an American actress and model. She has been in many movies from the 1970s onwards. Basinger was born in Athens, Georgia. She is of English, Scottish, Swedish, Irish and Native American ancestry. Her roles include: "Never Say Never Again", "The Natural", "9 1/2 Weeks", "My Stepmother Is an Alien", "Batman", "The War of the Roses", "L.A. Confidential", "8 Mile" and "Cellular".

Before she was famous, Basinger dated model Tim Saunders, photographer Dale Robinette and football player Joe Namath. She would not have another public attachment until 2014, when she began dating Mitch Stone. Like Snyder and Peters before him, Stone met Basinger while doing her hair on a movie set. The couple wear matching gold bands and have since moved in together.

Azerbaijani Armed Forces

The Azerbaijani Armed Forces () is the military of the Republic of Azerbaijan.

The armed forces have three branches: the Azerbaijani Land Force, the Azerbaijani Air Force, and the Azerbaijani Navy. Related forces which are not part of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces, include the paramilitary Azerbaijani National Guard, the Internal Troops of Azerbaijan, and the State Border Service of Azerbaijan (who patrol Azerbaijan’s borders with Georgia, Russia, Iran, Turkey and Armenia), which can be involved in state defense.

The Commander-in-Chief of the military is the President of Azerbaijan, currently Ilham Aliyev. The Ministry of Defense is in charge of politicalleadership. It is currently headed by Safar Abiyev. Military command is in the hands of the General Staff, headed by the Chief of Staff, who is Colonel-General Najmaddin Sadigov. 

Since the fall of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan has been trying to further develop its armed forces into a professional, well trained, and mobile military. Based on 2007 statistics the country has about 66,940 troops, and a paramilitary force of 15,000 troops. There are 300,000 former service personnel who have had military service in the last fifteen years. 

Azerbaijan had actually established the Azerbaijani Armed Forces and a Ministry of Defense on June 26, 1918 with the first independence of Azerbaijan, as the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, after the collpase of the Russian Empire in 1918 until it was invaded and annexed by the Soviet Union in 1920 which came after the Russian Empire. The Azerbaijani Armed Forces and the Ministry of Defense were established again in 1991 with the second and final independence of Azerbaijan, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, when the Azerbaijani Armed Forces were formed out of the former Soviet forces in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.



Azerbaijani Land Force

The Azerbaijani Land Force () is the army of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces which is the military of the Republic of Azerbaijan.

Since the fall of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan has been trying to further develop its armed forces into a professional, well trained, and mobile military. Based on 2007 statistics the country has about 56,840 ground force (land) troops, and a paramilitary force of 15,000 troops. There are 300,000 former service personnel who have had military service in the last fifteen years. 

In wartime, the Army proper could call the support of the paramilitary Azerbaijani National Guard, the Internal Troops of Azerbaijan, and the State Border Service of Azerbaijan (who patrol Azerbaijan's borders with Georgia, Russia, Iran, Turkey and Armenia), which can be involved in state defense. The exact wartime command structure is unknown.

Azerbaijan has also sent soldiers to be trained in Turkey, Russia and Israel over the past years, and these countries also sell weapons to Azerbaijan, among many countries. Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War, Azerbaijan has made the army boost the defense of the country and possibly retake its separatist region of Nagorno-Karabakh from neighboring enemy Armenia which invaded it, but is legally a part of Azerbaijan.



Azerbaijani Air Force

The Azerbaijani Air and Air Defence Force often called the Azerbaijani Air Force () is the air force and air defence force of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces.

The origin of the current organization goes back to June 26, 1918, when the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic which became independent in 1918, after the collapse of the Russian Empire, bought its first fighter aircraft. After the second independence of Azerbaijan in 1991, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the presence of former Soviet air bases in Azerbaijan helped the Air and Air Defence Force develop.

The Azerbaijani Air and Air Defence Force has about 600 aircraft and 350 helicopters, and 7,900 personnel. There are Soviet-made MiG-21s, MiG-23s, Su-24s and Su-25s, as well as fourth generation MiG-29s bought from Ukraine in 2006 and Soviet-made Il-76s. Azerbaijan is holding talks with either China or Pakistan to buy JF-17 Thunder aircraft. The MiG-29 has been chosen as the standard aircraft for the Azerbaijani Air and Air Defence Force.




Azerbaijani Navy

The Azerbaijan Navy () is the navy of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces operating in the Caspian Sea.

The origin of the current organization goes back to June 26, 1918, when the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic which became independent in 1918, after the collapse of the Russian Empire, formed its first navy. After the second independence of Azerbaijan in 1991, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Azerbaijani Navy was formed out of the former Soviet Navy in the Azerbaijani SSR.

The navy has about 5,000 military personnel in sixteen units. These include the Caspian Sea fleet and a border coast guard. The fleet is made up of 1 Petya class frigate, 2 OSA-II-Class and 5 Stenka Class patrol boats, 2 Sonya Class and 5 Yevgenya Class minesweepers (for removing mines), 6 landing craft (ships that can land on the coast), 2 landing cutters (patrol boats that can land on the coast), 1 special purposes warship and 1 special purposes cutter.



Capital of Japan

The capital of Japan is Tokyo. In the course of history, the national capital has been in many locations other than Tokyo.

Traditionally, the home of the Emperor was considered the capital. From 794 through 1868, the Emperor lived in Kyoto. After 1868, the seat of the Government of Japan and the location of the Emperor's home was Tokyo.

In 1941, the Ministry of Education published the .

After World War II, the new Constitution of Japan transferred the state's sovereignty from the Emperor to the people. The people of Japan are represented by the Diet of Japan in Tokyo. Consensus considers the site of the Diet is the capital of Japan.

No law makes Tokyo as the Japanese capital. However, many laws have defined a which incorporates Tokyo.

Article 2 of the of 1956 states that

Laws which identify this "capital area" include the and the .

This list of legendary capitals of Japan begins with the reign of Emperor Jimmu. The names of the Imperial palaces are in parentheses.


This list of capitals includes the Imperial palaces names in parentheses.


Jane (German band)

Jane was a German rock band. The band formed in October 1970 in Hanover. In 1973, their album "Here We Are" was very popular.







Armed Forces of the Russian Federation

The Armed Forces of the Russian Federation are the military of Russia, created after the breakup of the Soviet Union. The Armed Forces is known to be one of the biggest in the world with about 1,200,000 troops active. Russia also makes its own weapons. The Armed Forces has 6 branches: Russian Air Force, Russian Ground Forces, Russian Navy, Strategic Missile Troops, Russian Space Troops and the Russian Airborne Troops. The Commander-In-Chief is the President of Russia.

When the Soviet Union broke up, Russia and the various other countries got parts of its large armed forces. The country's president, Boris Yeltsin, had to fix Russia and build up the military. So, Yeltsin appointed himself the Russian minister of defence. Eventually, CIS helped Russia get its defence into shape. Then in 1993, a doctrine was made to set up the official military.

As of 2008, 480,000 men joined the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. The term is usually a year. Russians can join at the age of 18 to 27 years old. Like any other Armed Forces, the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation has ranks. The ranks are open to non-Russian citizens as well.

St. Cloud, Minnesota

St. Cloud is a city in central Minnesota. It is north of Minneapolis-St. Paul. St. Cloud State University is there. Most of St. Cloud is in Stearns County, but parts of it are in Benton and Sherburne Counties. The population of St. Cloud was 66,881 at the 2020 census. The Mississippi River runs through St. Cloud, and St. Cloud uses the Mississippi as drinking water.

Shannon Miller

Shannon Miller (born March 10, 1977) is an American gymnast. She was born in Rolla, Missouri. She moved to Edmond, Oklahoma when she was six months old. She is the most decorated artistic gymnastics performer in the history of the United States. She was the 1993 and 1994 World All-Around Champion and 1996 Summer Olympics balance beam gold medalist. Shannon won a combined total of 16 World Champion and Olympic medals between 1991 and 1996. She was also the most successful United States athlete at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, receiving five medals overall.


Capital of Korea

The capital of Korea has been in many locations during the history of the Korean peninsula. Today there are two Koreas, each with its own capital city: 

Since the end of World War II, there have been two countries or divided Korea: If reunification were to take place someday, alternate prospects for the capital city, along with Seoul and Pyŏngyang,are Sejong City in South Korea and Kaesong in North Korea.

The Go-Joseon period lasted from 2333 BC to 108 BC.
The Three Kingdoms period lasted from 57 BC to AD 676



The Goryeo Dynasty lasted from 918 to 1392.
The Joseon Dynasty lasted from 1392 to 1910.

The Japanese colonial period lasted from 1910 to 1945.


List of historical capitals of Egypt

The Capital of Egypt is Cairo. In the course of history, the national capital has been in many locations other than Cairo.

The capitals of Egypt in chronological order begin with Thinis (pre-2950 BC)
















Jennifer Beals

Jennifer Beals was born December 19, 1963 around the Chicago metropolitan area. Her most notable acting role was playing Alexandra Owens for the 1983 film "Flashdance". She also starred in the Showtime television program "The L Word". She's been in more than 50 movies over the years.

Red Wing, Minnesota

Red Wing is a city in Minnesota on the Mississippi River. It is known for its farming and where the Swiss Mission for Native Americans took place.


Naniwa-kyō

, also called Naniwa no Tsu, was an ancient Imperial capital of Japan in the 7th and 8th centuries. It was located in present-day Osaka.

Naniwa was founded by Emperor Temmu in 683. After 745, the capital moved to Heijō-kyō.


In 1957, traces of ancient palaces were found. Other archaeological site was discovered in 2006.



Aggression

Aggression refers to behavior between members of the same species that is intended to cause humiliation, pain, or harm.

Ferguson and Beaver defined aggressive behavior as ""Behavior which is intended to increase the social dominance of the organism relative to the dominance position of other organisms"”

Aggression takes a variety of forms among humans and can be physical, mental, or verbal.

There are two types of aggression - hostile, affective aggression and instrumental, predatory, or goal-oriented aggression.

Reactive relational aggression (hostile, affective, retaliatory) is used in response to feeling attacked, threatened, or mad. Usually the person who shows this type of aggression feels provoked to do so. Instrumental relational aggression (predatory, goal-oriented) is used in order for an individual to get what they want.

Predatory or defensive behavior between members of different species is not normally considered as "aggression."

Like most, or even all behaviors, aggression can be examined in terms of its ability to help an animal reproduce and survive. Animals may use aggression to gain and secure territories, as well as other resources including food, water, and mating opportunities.

The most apparent type of aggression is that seen in the interaction between a predator and its prey. An animal defending itself against a predator becomes aggressive in order to survive and predator in order to secure food. Because aggression against a much larger enemy or group of enemies would be nearly certain to lead to the death of an animal, animals have developed a good sense of when they are outnumbered. This ability to gauge the strength of other animals gives animals a "fight or flight" response to predators; depending on how strong they gauge the predator to be, animals will either become aggressive or flee.

Although humans share aspects of aggression with non-human animals, they differ from most of them in the complexity of their aggression because of factors such as culture, morals, and social situations.

Aggression is a behavior where one harms another individual intentionally. Over the years, there has been an ongoing debate on the origin or causes of aggression among humans. Some theories argue that aggression is innate, while others contend it is a learned behavior.


Kuni-kyō

, also called Kuni no miyako, was an ancient Imperial capital of Japan between 740 and 744. It was in present-day Kizugawa in Kyoto Prefecture. 

The new capital of Emperor Shōmu was built by Tachibana no Moroe.

The palace ("Kuni no miya") was built in the former Yamashiro Province. in what became the town Kizu. 

The city of Kuni-kyō was not completed. The court and capital moved to Naniwa-kyō (Osaka) after only four years.

Studies of the archaeological site suggest the location of the main buildings. The city was laid out in a grid. The area of palace is estimated to have been 500+ meters wide and 700+ meters long.


Nina Burger

Nina Burger (born 27 December 1987 in Tulln, Austria) is an Austrian football player. She plays for the Austrian National football team and SV Neulengbach in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest level in Austrian Women´s soccer. She is a striker.
She started playing at the age of seven for the youth teams of FC Hausleiten. She started her club career with SV Langenrohr from Lower Austria. 2005 she went to SV Neulengbach. There she is still playing.
as September 2011


Focal length

The focal length tells how strongly a lens, a curved mirror or another optical device brings light together or spreads it out. If rays of light go straight into a lens and the focal length is positive, the focal length is the distance to the point behind the lens where the rays will be brought to a focus. If the focal length of the lens is negative, the focal length is the distance at which the light has spread to twice its original size. Light from a large distance produces an image at F (focal point). The distance from the centre of the lens to F is the focal length.

Heijō-kyō

Heijō-kyō (, also known as Heizei-kyō) was twice the ancient Imperial capital of Japan from 710 to 784. It was where Nara is today.

In 710, Empress Gemmei moved the Imperial capital from Fujiwara-kyō which is about 18 km south.


The Heijō Palace and some of the Buddhist temples at Heijō-kyō are named together as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, including 



First Spaceship on Venus

First Spaceship on Venus is a science fiction movie that came out in 1959. It is rated PG for parental guidance. It is 130 minutes long. It is directed by Kurt Maetzig.

Sribhargavaraghaviyam

Śrībhārgavarāghavīyam () (2002), meaning "Of Parashurama and Rama", is a Sanskrit epic poem (Mahākāvya) made by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in 2002. It is made of 2121 verses in 40 Sanskrit and Prakrit metres and is separated into 21 cantos ("Sarga"s) and each contains 101 verses. The epic is the story of the two Rama Avatars – Parashurama and Rama. This is found in the Ramayana and other Hindu books. "Bhārgava" is used for Parashurama, as he was born in the family of the religious teacher Maharishi Bhrigu, while "Rāghava" is used for to Rama as he was born in the royal family of king Raghu. The poet was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 2005, and many other awards for this work.

A copy of the epic with a Hindi commentary by the poet himself was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University, Chitrakuta, Uttar Pradesh. The book was released by the then prime minister of India, Atal Bihari Vajpayee on October 30, 2002.



Capital of France

The capital of France is Paris. In the course of history, the national capital has been in many locations other than Paris.


Protein Data Bank

The Protein Data Bank (PDB) is a collection of information about the three dimensional (3-D) structure of large biological molecules, such as proteins and nucleic acids. Biologists and biochemists from around the world send in the data. Most data comes from X-ray crystallography or NMR spectroscopy. Anyone can access the PDB for free online. The Worldwide Protein Data Bank, wwPDB, manages the PDB.

The PDB is useful for scientists studying structural biology and structural genomics. Many scientists have to send their information to the database. Major scientific journals and some funding agencies, such as the National Institutes of Health in the United States have rules telling scientists to send the data to the PDB. The PDB has the original or primary data. Hundreds of other databases reuse the data. These secondary databases organize the information in different ways. For example, both SCOP and CATH put structures into groups organized by type of structure and ideas about how they are related through evolution. Gene ontology puts the data into groups based on genes.


Dhok Padhal

Dhok Padhal () is a village in Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.

The village is at 32° 58' 40" North, 73° 30' 40" East and has an altitude of 275 metres (905 ft) Falling Rain Genomics and has an area of about .It lies 10 km west of Dina, 5 km north of Rohtas and 30 km north east of Tilla Jogian.


Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic

The Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (Azerbaijani: "Азәрбајҹан Совет Сосиалист РеспубликасыAzərbaycan Sovet Sosialist Respublikası"; Russian: Азербайджанская Советская Социалистическая Республика [АзССР] "Azerbaydzhanskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika [AzSSR]"), also known as the Azerbaijan SSR for short, was one of the republics that made up the former Soviet Union.

It was founded on April 28, 1920 as the Azerbaijan SSR. From March 12, 1922 to December 5, 1936, it was part of the Transcaucasian SFSR together with the Armenian SSR and the Georgian SSR. In December 1922, the Transcaucasian SFSR became part of the newly established Soviet Union. The Constitution of Azerbaijan SSR was approved by the 9th Extraordinary All-Azerbaijani Congress of Soviets on March 14, 1937. On November 19, 1990, the Azerbaijan SSR was renamed the "Republic of Azerbaijan" while still a part of the Soviet Union for another year before its collapse and the independence of Azerbaijan in 1991.

Plitvice Lakes

Plitvice Lakes is a World Heritage Site and National Park in Croatia. 
Waters flowing over the limestone and chalk have deposited minerals, and created natural dams. The result is a series of beautiful lakes, caves and waterfalls. The forests in the park are home to bears, wolves and many rare birds.

Plitvice is the oldest national park in southeast Europe and the largest national park in Croatia. It was founded in 1949 and is in the mountainous karst area of central Croatia, at the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.

In 1979, Plitvice Lakes was one of the first natural sites added to the UNESCO World Heritage register. Each year, more than 900,000 visitors are recorded.

The lakes are renowned for their distinctive colours, ranging from azure to green, grey or blue. The colours change constantly depending on the quantity of minerals or organisms in the water and the angle of sunlight.

The area includes forests, meadows and water plants; ecologically it ranges from Alpine to Mediterranean conditions. Of over 1,000 types of plant, 75 are endemic, found naturally only here, and 55 are species of orchids.

The park is home to a wide variety of animal and bird species. Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat, capercaillie and many bats are there, with many more common species. 
157 species of birds have been recorded, 70 of which nest in the area. 12 amphibian species and lizards, snakes and turtles are there also.

Jats

Jat(Jadgal), Jutt or Jaat is a community of traditionally non elite peasants in northern India and Pakistan.

Jats had its origins in pastoralism in the lower Indus valley of Sindh until they were forced northwards due to the Islamic conquests.

Many Jat people serve in the Indian Army, including the Jat Regiment, Sikh Regiment, Rajputana Rifles and the Grenadiers, where they have won many of the highest military awards for gallantry and bravery. Jat people also serve in the Pakistan Army especially in the Punjab Regiment.

Jaats inhabited throughout the Punjab region, Sindh and some other northwestern parts of Subcontinent. 


Sapote

Sapote (from Nahuatl tzapotl) is a word for a soft, edible fruit. The word is part of the names of several plants from Mexico, Central America and northern parts of South America that have fruits. 

Some but not all sapotes come from the family Sapotaceae:




Hansel and Gretel

"Hansel and Gretel" () is a fairy tale from Germany. The Brothers Grimm heard it from Dortchen Wild in Cassel and published it in their "Children's and Household Tales" in 1812. The Grimms revised the tale over the years. They gave the children names, changed the mother to a stepmother, and introduced Christian motifs. Their final version is dated 1857. The tale has been adapted to many media, most notably the opera "Hänsel und Gretel" (1893) by Engelbert Humperdinck. A stop-motion animated movie based on the opera was made in the 1950s.

Hansel and Gretel are a young brother and sister who learn their parents intend to abandon them in the forest. Despite their situation, Hansel and Gretel’s spirits remained high.They find their way home by leaving a trail of pebbles. One day, however, their parents succeed. The children wander the forest and come upon a house made of cake and candy. It belongs to an old woman who makes the children prisoners. Although, she intends to eat them, she fails. Gretel outwits her. She pushes the old woman into the oven and slams the door. The two poor kids escaped and lived happily ever after.


Hurricane Hattie

Hurricane Hattie was a very powerful and deadly Atlantic storm in the western Caribbean Sea in autumn 1961. The storm struck Belize and parts of nearby countries, killing more than 300. This hurricane, because of how strong it was, would have been a Category Five on the Saffir-Simpson scale. The name Hattie was later retired.

Singapore at the Olympics

Singapore has sent athletes to most Summer Olympic Games held since 1948. The country was created as a separate British Crown Colony from the Straits Settlements about three months before the start of the 1948 Summer Olympics. It sent a team to the Games until 1964. 

At that time, Singapore was part of Malaysia. The team from Malaysia included people from Singapore. When Singapore became independent from Malaysia in 1965, the country began sending its own team again. It sent a team for every summer games after then, except in 1980. The country boycotted the 1980 games along with many other countries. No athletes from Singapore have been in any Winter Olympic Games.

The country has won four Olympic medals. The first medal was won by Tan Howe Liang, who won a silver medal in lightweight weightlifting in 1960. In table tennis, Jing Jun Hong and Li Jiawei came close to winning medals in Sydney in 2000. They finished in fourth place. They also finished fourth in the 2004 Athens Olympics. Singapore sent many athletes to the 2008 Beijing Olympics. It was felt that this was their best chance of winning a medal since 1960. This proved to be true.

In the Beijing, Li, together with Feng Tianwei and Wang Yuegu, beat the South Korea Women's Table Tennis team in the semi-finals. Because of this, they made it to the final match and would win at least the silver medal. Singapore lost to host China in the gold medal final.



Philip Showalter Hench

Philip Showalter Hench (February 28, 1896 – March 30, 1965) was an American physician. Hench won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950. He won the award along with his Mayo Clinic co-worker Edward Calvin Kendall and Swiss chemist Tadeus Reichstein . They won it for finding the hormone cortisone and its use for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis."

Hench went to university at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. He was trained as a physician at the United States Army Medical Corps and the University of Pittsburgh. Hench began working at Mayo Clinic in 1923. He later became the head of the Department of Rheumatology.

He attended Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. At Lafayette, he earned his Bachelor of Arts in 1916. After that, he served in the Medical Corps of the U.S. Army and the reserve corps to finish his medical training. He got a doctorate in medicine from the University of Pittsburgh in 1920. After getting his medical degree, Hench spent a year as an intern at St. Francis Hospital in Pittsburgh. Next, he became a Fellow of the Mayo Foundation.

In 1928 and 1929, Hench studied at Freiburg University and the von Müller Clinic in Munich.

Hench started his career at Mayo Clinic in 1923. He worked in the Department of Rheumatic Diseases. In 1926, he became the head of the department. While at Mayo Clinic, Hench worked mainly on arthritic diseases. This lead him to believe that steroids lessened the pain caused by the disease. During this time, biochemist Edward Calvin Kendall has found several steroids created by the adrenal gland cortex. After several years of work, Hench and Kendall decided to use one of these steroids on patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Testing of the hypothesis was delayed because the synthesis of Compound E was costly and time-consuming, and Hench served in the military during World War II. The tests were conducted successfully in 1948 and 1949. The steroid they used was named Compound E at the time. It later become known as cortisone.

Hench, Kendall and Swiss chemist Tadeus Reichstein won the 1950 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries relating to the hormones of the adrenal cortex, their structure and biological effects." As of the 2010 prizes, Hench and Kendall are the only two Nobel winners who worked with Mayo Clinic. 
During his career, Hench was one of the founding members of the American Rheumatism Association. He was its president in 1940 and 1941. 

Hench also got the Heberdeen Medal (1942), the Lasker Award (1949), the Passano Foundation Award (1950), and the Criss Award. Lafayette College, Washington and Jefferson College, Western Reserve University, the National University of Ireland and the University of Pittsburgh gave Hench honorary doctorates.


LUV Graz (women)

LUV Graz (women) is a women´s football club from the Styrian capital Graz. The club plays in the 2nd Frauenbundesliga. soccer.

The club started as women team of the football club LUV Graz which was founded in 1959. They played from 1978 on in the Damenliga Ost, which was then the highest class in Austrian women´s soccer. In 1982 the ÖFB started the Frauen Bundesliga, which is now the ÖFB-Frauenliga. LUV Graz played from the beginning in this league. 1979 the club won the Cup. 1984 till 1986 the club reached the Cup-final but was beaten all three times. In the 1986 season the club reached the second place in the Championship. After the 1988/89 season the club stopped playing in the top level league.

In 1998 the club was restarted as independent women soccer club. They started in the Landesliga Steiermark, which was then the second level of women soccer. 2001 they returned to the ÖFB-Frauenliga. Since then LUV Graz is part of the league. They reached mostly places in the middle of the table, but in 2007 they were runner-up in the league. The second team of the club is playing in the Styrian Landesliga (3rd level). The club has also an U19 team.



Hurricane Ophelia (2005)

Hurricane Ophelia was a long-lived Atlantic hurricane. It was mostly remembered for its very erratic and slow track off the United States' East Coast in September 2005. This storm brushed eastern North Carolina on September 14 and 15, 2005, causing $70 million in damages. Minor damage was also reported in eastern New England and Atlantic Canada when Ophelia brushed them as a strong tropical storm.

Jo Dee Messina

Jo Dee Messina is an American country music artist. She was born in Massachusetts on August 25, 1970. She has had nine #1 songs on the United States Billboard Country Music Charts. As late as 2008 she had a song on Billboard's Hot Country Songs music chart. 

She has been honored under the Country Music Association. In the past, she was nominated for two Grammy Awards. She was the first female country artist to score 3 multiple-week number one singles. Messina relocated to Nashville, Tennessee around age 19.


Winnipeg general strike

Winnipeg General Strike happened during March of 1919 in Winnipeg. Although many Canadian companies had enjoyed large profits following World War I, contracts, wages and working conditions were bad. Some protesters rioted.

Shoeshine

Shoeshine is a drama movie made in 1947. It has some violence in it. It is 90 minutes long. It is an Italian movie directed by Vittorio De Sica. It was nominated for best picture by the National Board of Review.


Sejo of Joseon

Sejo of Joseon (; September 29 1417 – September 8 1468) was the seventh king of the Joseon Dynasty. He was the second son of Sejong the Great.

In 1429 his peerage was Grand Prince Suyang. When his father died in 1450, his elder brother Munjong was crowned. Two years later Munjong died, and Munjong's son Danjong was crowned.

In 1455, he took the throne and became king of Joseon himself. Sejo's nephew Danjong was expelled. Danjong was then murdered in 1455.




Kaštanka

Kaštanka is a forest. It has one of the highest lying sets of chestnuts in central Europe. It is in a small town called Nasavrky. Nasavrky is in eastern Bohemia, Czech Republic. It is about 25 km south of county seat Pardubice. 

Jan Adam von Auersperg came back from Italy with six seedlings of chestnut at the end of 18th century. He ordered that the seedlings were planted on the north side of Nasavrky hill. This happened between 1776 to 1778. The plants were the start of Kaštanka. In passing time, the set was expanded a lot. Kaštanka had over 110 trees in the turn of 19th and 20th century.
Kaštanka was made a nature monument on 1 December 1990. At that time, Kaštanka had over 138 trees. One of the first planted trees survives to this day. It was named "Knížák" in honor of prince Auersperg.
The chestnut became the sign of Nasavrky. It became the main motive in the emblem of the city Nasavrky, and the flag of Nasavrlky in 1996.

Kaštanka is natural monument which was declared as special protection area on 1st December 1990. The set of chestnuts is on a slight rise north ward. This area is in a built-up area about 100 meters from the city square. Kaštanka is at an altitude of 472 – 486. The area of set is 1,088 hectares large and all trees are chestnut trees expect a few that are on the edge.

Kaštanka was main theme of many artists like painters, sculptors and writers. Some writers wrote novels about Kaštanka. Two of the authors that did this were Marie Doležalová and Alois Stanislav Novák. Kaštanka gave Věra Vovsová, Jiří Poláček and Karel Pavlík the inspiration to make art. Vovsová said this about Kaštanka:

Patty Duke

Anna Marie "Patty" Duke (December 14, 1946 – March 29, 2016) was an American stage, television and movie actress. She was born in Manhattan, New York City. Duke was married to actor John Astin and had two children; Mackenzie Astin and Sean Astin. 

In 1963, at age 16, Duke won the Academy Award for "Best Actress in a Supporting Role" for playing Helen Keller in "The Miracle Worker". At the time, she was the youngest person to win the award. 

On March 29, 2016, Duke died of sepsis from a ruptured intestine in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. She was 69 years old.

Prequel

Prequel is a term in drama and literature: it is a fusion of the words 'precursor' and 'sequel'. 

When a story is told in several stages, it is natural to tell it in order of time. For example, a series of books on the Second World War started with the 1930s and ended up in 1946. 

For various reasons, this does not always happen. In the movie series "Star Wars", the first movie was "" (1977). It was followed by three prequels, which were "" (1999); "" (2002) and "" (2005).

For correct use, the term 'prequel' is only applied when work is part of a series, and when the later publication refers to an earlier time. It is an old idea, but one which is often used today for drama on movie and television. The "Cypria", a work of Ancient Greek literature, is a prequel to Homer's "Iliad". A related idea is the back-story, which is the background story of a main story or character.

Talking past each other

Talking past each other is an idiom.

The phrase describes a situation in which people communicate at cross purposes.

The idiom explains what happens when there is a mismatch. Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.

The idiom applies to disputes in which neither side addressed any of the issues raised by the other. In talking past each other, two different concepts which need not have been disputed are somehow confused or conflated.

In fictional dialogue, when characters talk past each other, the result is an exchange with flaws or defects.

The phrase is used in many contexts. For example,



Viveiro

Viveiro (sometimes called Vivero) is a town and municipality. It is in the province of Lugo. Lugo is in the northwestern part of Galicia, Spain. As of 2010, over 16,000 people live in Viveiro.

The calendar of Viveiro holds several festivals, both religious and not.

Viveiro has the oldest Carnival in Galicia. It is celebrated during the four days before Lent, from Saturday until Shrove Tuesday. It finishes on Tuesday with many floats travelling through the streets.

Viveiro celebrates the St. James' Day Battle on July 25 at the Port of Celeiro. It has marines moving through the estuary of Viveiro in a well organised and orderly way, similar to a march.



Blind men and an elephant

The Blind men and an elephant is an idiom.

The story of the blind men and an elephant comes from India. It is about a range of truths and mistakes. It is also about the need for communication and the need for respect for different perspectives. 

The idiom shows the effects of observation and bias. Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.

A group of blind men (or men in the dark) touch an elephant to learn what it is like. Each one feels a different part, but only one part. For example, one touches only the side and another touches only the tusk. 

The blind men discover that they disagree when each describes what he has learned from touching the elephant.

A famous poem — "The Blind Men and the Elephant" by John Godfrey Saxe (1816–1887).

The poem begins:
It was six men of Indostan
To learning much inclined,
Who went to see the Elephant
(Though all of them were blind),
That each by observation
Might satisfy his mind

They conclude that the elephant is like a wall, snake, spear, tree, fan or rope, depending upon where they touch. None of blind men's description is correct for the whole elephant.



Internal Troops of Azerbaijan

The Internal Troops of Azerbaijan () also known as Interior Troops or Interior Guard is the uniformed gendarmerie-like paramilitary force in Azerbaijan.

The Internal Troops are under the authority of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, who also control the police. The Internal Troops are the descended from the Soviet Union's Internal Troops. They are used to deal with internal emergencies such as natural disasters, restoring public order, internal armed conflicts and to protect important facilities. During wartime, the Internal Troops fall under the jurisdiction of the Azerbaijani Land Forces, and can be involved in local defense and security of the country, along with the army.

Its equipment includes Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine guns.

Other law enforcement bodies in Azerbaijan include the Azerbaijani National Guard and the State Border Service of Azerbaijan and its Coast Guard branch.



Kaskaskia, Illinois

Kaskaskia is a village in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. In 2020 the population was only 21, making it the third-smallest incorporated community in Illinois. It was a major French colonial town of the Illinois Country. Its peak population was about 7,000 when it was a regional center. Kaskaskia became the capital of the Illinois Territory on February 3, 1809. In 1818, Illinois became the 21st U.S. state and Kaskaskia was its capital until 1819. 

In April 1881, the Mississippi River moved its path to the east. This flooded most of the town. The river now passes east rather than west of the town. The state boundary line, however, remained in its original location. Kaskaskia is on a small part of Illinois west of the river. It can only be reached from Missouri.

The town was named after the Native American word for the Kaskaskia River. The site of Kaskaskia had been a Native American village for thousands of years. In 1703 French Jesuit missionaries started a mission. They wanted to change the Illini (Native American) people's religion to Catholicism. The first stone church was built in 1714. The French also had a fur trading post at the village. French settlers came to farm and mine lead on the Missouri side of the river. In 1718 Kaskaskia became the capital of Upper Louisiana and a fort, Fort de Chartres,was built.
From its beginning, Kaskaskia was a French/Indian settlement, with a few French men and many Illinois and other Native Americans. In 1707, the population was about 2,200. Most were Illinois, who lived somewhat apart from the Europeans. From the French, the Native Americans, and their mixed-race descendants at Kaskaskia came the voyageurs and coureurs des bois. They explored and hunted in the Missouri River country. The French wanted to trade with all the Prairie tribes, and with the Spanish colony in New Mexico. This idea horrified the Spanish. The explorer Claude Charles Du Tisne set up trade relations with the Plains Indians in 1719.

King Louis XV sent a bell to Kaskaskia in 1741 for its church. During French rule, Kaskaskia and the other farming settlements in the Illinois Country were important for supplying Lower Louisiana, especially New Orleans, with wheat and corn. Farmers sent tons of flour south over the years. These staple crops could not grow in Louisiana's climate.

In 1733, the French built Fort Kaskaskia. The British destroyed the fort in 1763 during the French and Indian War. After the war France gave up the territory east of the river. Many French-speaking people from Kaskaskia and other colonial towns moved west of the Mississippi to the Spanish-held, Upper Louisiana settlements of Ste. Genevieve, St. Louis, and other areas.

On July 4 1778, during the American Revolution, the city was captured by George Rogers Clark and his force of 200 men including Captain Leonard Helm. It was one of the western-most battles of the Revolution. The parish rang the church bell in celebration, which has since been called the "liberty bell". The bell is housed in a brick building near the Church of the Immaculate Conception. The brick church was built in 1843 in the squared-off French style.

As a center of the regional economy, Kaskaskia was the capital of Illinois Territory from 1809 until Illinois became a state in 1818. Zaskaskia continued as the state capital until 1819. Its peak population was about 7,000 before the capital moved in 1819 to Vandalia. Although introduction of steamboats on the Mississippi River helped the economies of river towns in the 19th century, their use also had devastating environmental effects. Loss of trees (Deforestation) along the river banks was caused by steamboat crews' cutting trees to feed the engine fires. River banks became unstable and collapsed into the water.

At first, the town had a good site where the Kaskaskia and Mississippi Rivers joined. But from St. Louis to the junction of the Ohio River, the Mississippi became wider and more shallow, with more severe flooding. Much of Kaskaskia and other French colonial towns have been lost through flooding and erosion. Following the Great Flood of 1844, Kaskaskia was rebuilt to the south. The original site became an island, surrounded by the Mississippi River. The flood of 1881 destroyed the original town, and the Mississippi shifted into the channel of the Kaskaskia River, passing east instead of west of the town. Parts of the town were rebuilt in the new area.

As the Mississippi continued to flow through its new bed, earth was deposited so that the village became physically attached to the west bank of the river, which is in the state of Missouri. Now a bayou, the old river bed, is regularly flooded. It has a bridge to carry traffic over it. In 1893, the people of the town moved and rebuilt the Church of the Immaculate Conception on Kaskaskia Island.

By 1950 only 112 people lived in Kaskaskia. By 1970 the population had fallen to 79, and it continued to fall to 33 in 1980. The town was flooded with nine feet of water by the Great Flood of 1993, which reached the roofs of the buildings. By 2000, with a only nine residents, Kaskaskia was almost a ghost town and the least populous incorporated community in the State of Illinois.

Kaskaskia is located at .
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total land area of 0.2809 km² (0.1085 sq mi, or 69.41 acres), all land. However, the village is only a small part of Kaskaskia Precinct, which includes all of Randolph County's land west of the Mississippi. Kaskaskia Precinct has a land area of 24.037 square miles (62.255 km²) and a 2020 census population of 31 persons. In 1993 the Mississippi River almost completely flooded the island.



Windsor, Vermont

Windsor is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. It is built on the banks of the Connecticut River. The population was 2,066 at the 2010 census. The Constitution of Vermont was written and signed in the town. It is known as the birthplace of Vermont. It was the first capital until 1805. Then Montpelier became the official capital.

The first settler in Windsor was Captain Steele Smith who arrived with his family in August 1764. The Constitution of Vermont was written and signed in 1777 at a tavern, now called Old Constitution House. This constitution declared that Vermont was an independent republic, and no longer part of the British Empire. By 1820, Windsor was the largest town in Vermont. It had factories making guns, machinery, tinware, furniture and harness. A dam built across Mill Brook in 1836 provided water power for these factories.



Avarua

Avarua is a town and district in the north of Rarotonga Island. The name means "Two Harbors" in Cook Islands Māori. It is the national capital of the Cook Islands.

The downtown area of Avarua is located at sea level. It is below the peaks of Rarotonga (altitude: ). The town has several supermarkets, two banks and several restaurants. It has other shops which sell black pearls and other handicrafts. The town has an open air market on Saturday. The market sells items including brightly coloured "pare'u" (wrap around dresses), flower garlands, fresh fish and tropical fruits. The town is served by Rarotonga International Airport (IATA Airport Code: RAR). In 2006 there were 5,445 people living in Avarua. They mainly make their living from tourism, trade, fishing and agriculture. There is one main road in Avarua. It is called Ara Maire Nui. It is also known as Marine Drive or Main Street. It turns into the island-circling ring road called Ara Tapu at both ends of town.


<BR>

Psychopathy

Psychopathy is a personality disorder or antisocial personality disorder. Psychopaths are unemotional. They do not show concern about the feelings or rights of others. They show almost no empathy, and do not try to conform to social norms. They lack a conscience and do not feel guilt. A similar term is sociopathy.

Many psychopaths are charming and often manage to have superficial ties with other people. They use other people for their own benefit. Psychopaths often show other antisocial behaviour as well, including sadism, violence and deception. They are very selfish and discard people whom they have no further use for. They may have many children by many partners.

The definition of psychopathy has varied. Different definitions are used. They only partly overlap and sometimes seem contradictory.

There are efforts to use behaviour therapy to treat psychopaths; often, this may be done in prisons.

Some people are mislabeled as "psychopaths", but have no problems with social norms, but they are good at influencing people. There is a difference between the sexes as to how psychopathy is shown. Men show it more more as an antisocial pattern of behaviour. In women it shows more as a histrionic pattern (excessive attention-seeking).

Amongst professional psychiatrists, psychopathy is known for being difficult to treat.

Map projection

A map projection is a way of showing the surface of a three-dimensional sphere on a flat surface. Such projections are necessary to create maps. The problem with projections is that they change the surface in some way; this is called distortion. Depending on the purpose of the map, some distortions may be less bad. This is why cartographers use different mathematical projections for different maps.

Carl Friedrich Gauss showed that is not possible to project the surface of a sphere to a plane, without distorting it. This theorem is known as Theorema egregium today.

To understand the projections, it is easier to imagine a light source, a globe, and another geometric object. The light source shines "a shadow" of each point of the globe onto the geometric object. At the end the surface of the geometric object is unrolled, this yields the map. It is possible to tell the projections apart by the type of helper object used.


Azerbaijani National Guard

The Azerbaijani National Guard () is a paramilitary force in Azerbaijan. The Internal Troops is under the authority of the Government of Azerbaijan and operates as a semi-independent entity. The Azerbaijani National Guard was definitely active in December 1996 but has been united into the Special State Protection Service. The guard was established on the December 25, 1991.

The Special State Protection Service (SSPS) of Azerbaijan is a military unit directly under the authority of the President of Azerbaijan. Its responsibilities include the protection of the President of Azerbaijan, the protection of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan (Parliament), the Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, the Constitutional Court, the Central Election Commission and other public bodies as well as the protection of important foreign leaders visiting Azerbaijan.

One of the most important tasks of the SPSS is the safety of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan petroleum and natural gas pipeline and the South Caucasus petroleum pipeline. NATO is supporting the service with several helicopters and military vehicles in order to protect the pipelines.

During wartime, the Azerbaijani National Guard operates together with the Azerbaijani Land Forces, and can be involved in local defense and security of the country, along with the army.

Other law enforcement bodies in Azerbaijan include the Internal Troops of Azerbaijan and the State Border Service of Azerbaijan and its Coast Guard branch.


Woody Stephens

Woody Stephens (September 1, 1913 – August 22, 1998) was an American horse racing trainer that was put into the hall of fame in 1976.


Road Town

Road Town, on Tortola, is the capital of the British Virgin Islands. It is next to the horseshoe-shaped Road Harbour in the centre of the island's south coast. About 9,400 people lived there in 2004.

The name comes from sailing. "The roads" means a place less sheltered than a harbor but where ships stop. Its marina made Road Town a popular place in the Caribbean for chartering yachts. Cruise ships often dock here. Road Town also has tourism.

The Harbour is the dock for many of the ferries servicing the island. The ferry terminal is at the southwest end of Road Town. Ferries run during the day every day of the week. A 28 hectare (70 acre) development called Wickham's Cay, is on two areas of man-made land. The HM Prison on Main Street is the oldest building in Road Town. It was built in the 1840s. People disagree about where the borders of the town are.

The Emancipation Proclamation was read on 1 August 1834. This gave slaves their freedom, even though slavery had been officially abolished in 1807.

In 1853, a fire destroyed nearly every building in Road Town. Angry rioters spread the fire to protest an increase on the cattle tax. Rioters burned most of the plantations across the island.


State Border Service

The State Border Service of Azerbaijan Republic () also known as Border Guard of Azerbaijan is a governmental law enforcement paramilitary agency in charge of protecting the borders of Azerbaijan.

The State Border Service of Azerbaijan was established on July 31, 2002 by the order of the President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev, by taking of the border troops from jurisdiction of the Ministry of National Security of Azerbaijan. The main function of the border guard is to guard the Azerbaijani borders against any illegal acts, and to prevent illegal weapons, drugs and human trafficking in the country. 

Chief of State Border Service and Commander of Border Troops is General-Lieutenant Elchin Guliyev.

Other law enforcement bodies in Azerbaijan include the Internal Troops of Azerbaijan and the Azerbaijani National Guard.

The Azerbaijan Coast Guard is an Azeri law enforcement agency which is a part of the State Border Service. It has been getting U.S. Coast Guard help including the buying of a Point-class cutter.

The commander is Major General Ilham Mehdiyev.

The Coast Guard was established within the State Border Service by presidential order in 2005. The Coast Guard’s new base was built in Türkan district of Baku within the State Program on “Technical development of security of state borders of the Republic of Azerbaijan in 2006-2010”. 

The Maritime Brigade/Coast Guard has one Point class cutter, S 14 (ex Point Brower, transferred 28 February 2003), one Osa class missile boat, S 008, which has had its SS-N-2B missiles removed, 3 Stenka class patrol boats, S 005, S 006, and S 007, all with sonar and torpedo tubes removed, 1 Zhuk class patrol craft, P 222, and two long Silver Ships small craft, S 11 and S 12. (Jane's Fighting Ships 2010)



