James A. Garfield

James Abram Garfield (November 19, 1831 – September 19, 1881) was the 20th president of the United States from March 1881 until his assassination in September 1881. Before he became president, he was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1863 to 1881.

He was the second president to be assassinated (killed while in office). Four months into his presidency, on July 2, he was shot by Charles J. Guiteau. The wound was not immediately fatal, but the infections became worse and he died on September 19, 1881. For almost half that time he was bedridden as a result of that shot.

Garfield was born in Orange Township, now Moreland Hills, Ohio on November 19 1831. His father died in 1833, when James Abram was 18 months old. He grew up cared for by his mother and an uncle.

In Orange Township, Garfield attended school, a predecessor of the Orange City Schools. From 1851 to 1854, he attended the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute (later named Hiram College] in Hiram, Ohio. He then transferred to Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, where he was a brother of Delta Upsilon. He graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry. He then taught at the Eclectic Institute. He was an instructor in classical languages for the 1856-1857 academic year, and was made principal of the institute from 1857 to 1860.

On November 11, 1858, he married Lucretia Rudolph. They had seven children (five sons and two daughters): Eliza A. Garfield (1860-63); Harry A. Garfield (1863-1942); James R. Garfield (1865-1950); Mary Garfield (1867-1947); Irvin M. Garfield (1870-1951); Abram Garfield (1872-1958); and Edward Garfield (1874-76). One son, James Rudolph Garfield, followed him into politics and became Secretary of the Interior under President Theodore Roosevelt. Garfield could write in Greek with his left hand and Latin with his right hand at the same time.

Garfield decided that the academic life was not for him and studied law privately. He was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1860. Even before admission to the bar, he entered politics. He was elected an Ohio state senator in 1859, serving until 1861. He was a Republican all his political life. He was a general in the American Civil War, and fought in the Battle of Shiloh and the Chattanooga Campaign.

Garfield became president on March 4, 1881 and was shot in Washington, D.C. on July 2. Garfield was shot in the back by Charles J. Guiteau at about 9:30 am. Guiteau helped Garfield's campaign for president, and then asked for a job when he won, but the president told him no. He was less than four months in term as the 20th President of the United States. Garfield died eleven weeks later on September 19, 1881, aged 49. The 31st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives James G. Blaine was at Garfield's side when he was shot down. At this time, it was not common for the president of the United States to have bodyguards, although Lincoln had protection during the civil war.

Vice President Chester A. Arthur became president when Garfield died. Guiteau was tried for murder, and many thought he would be found not guilty because he was insane. He was actually found guilty and hanged for the murder, reading a poem before he walked up the gallows. It is now believed Garfield was in fact killed because of his doctors, who stuck their fingers inside his wounds while treating him and causing a bad infection. Alexander Graham Bell, inventor of the telephone, tried to locate the bullet with a primitive metal detector, but failed because the bed was lined with steel wire (which he did not know). While Garfield was still alive, news of his condition was broadcasted across the country by telegraph, which was something new.

In a 2013 medical journal article, the historical record in regards to Garfield's assassination and death has been questioned, with the new argument being that the deterioration in President Garfield's condition from late July 1881 was actually caused by his doctors accidentally injuring and making a hole in his bladder, thus resulting in President Garfield getting cholecystitis.


Robert Reed

Robert Reed (October 19, 1932 – May 12, 1992) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Mike Brady on "The Brady Bunch". He also played major roles in "The Defenders" and "Rich Man, Poor Man". He was nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards during the 1970s.

Reed was born John Robert Rietz in Highland Park, Illinois. He also grew up in Muskogee, Oklahoma and Navasota, Texas.

Reed was gay but kept this private. He died on May 12, 1992, in Pasadena, California. He was 59 years old. His death was originally said to have been caused by colon cancer. It was later revealed to have been hastened by HIV.


Dishwasher

The word dishwasher means either the person who washes (cleans) dishes or a machine that does the same thing. A person could wash dishes either by hand or by operating a dishwashing machine.

John Quincy Adams

John Quincy Adams (July 11, 1767 – February 23, 1848) was an American statesman, politician, diplomat, lawyer, and diarist. He served as the 6th president of the United States from 1825 to 1829. Before becoming president, he served as the 8th United States secretary of state from 1817 to 1825. He was the eldest son of John Adams, the 2nd president of the United States from 1797 to 1801 and First Lady Abigail Adams.

Adams was a Federalist and later a Democratic-Republican and served in the administrations of all the presidents that were before him. He was Secretary of State under James Monroe, who was president before Adams. He began his service when he was just 27 in 1794 when he was named United States Minister to the Netherlands by President George Washington.

Adams led the fight against slavery in Congress. In 1838, at age 71, he spoke for the African slaves of the slave ship "Amistad". He won the case. He also said that the Gag Rule in Congress (which banned all petitions against slavery from being heard in Congress) was illegal and saw through its removal in 1844 after an eight-year struggle against it.

He was born in 1767 in Braintree, Massachusetts. As a child he watched the Battle of Bunker Hill, a fight of the American Revolutionary War, from his family's farm. When his father, John Adams, traveled to Europe, John Quincy went with him as his secretary. He became good at speaking other languages. Aside from English, he was also fluent in Latin and French, and had partial knowledge of Dutch, German, Greek, Italian, Spanish, and Russian.

He went to Harvard College and became a lawyer. At age 26, he was appointed Minister to the Netherlands and then he went to Berlin. In 1802, he was elected to the United States Senate. Six years later, President James Madison appointed him as Minister to Russia.

As Secretary of State when James Monroe was president, Adams organized joint control of Oregon with the United Kingdom and helped get Florida from Spain. He also helped make the Monroe Doctrine.

Adams was elected president by the United States House of Representatives after the 1824 United States presidential election gave nobody a majority of electoral votes. People who wanted Andrew Jackson to win said there was a deal between Adams and Speaker of the House Henry Clay; Adams had made Clay his Secretary of State. This was called the "corrupt bargain".

Adams passed law for U.S. improvements as part of what he called the "American System." This means he created roads, canals, and used high tariffs, or taxes on foreign goods. Among his proposals were the creation of a national university, a naval academy, and a national astronomical observatory. Adams fought Congress many times as many supporters of Andrew Jackson did not like his support of a national bank and tariffs. Criticism of Adams peaked when Adams passed the Tariff of 1828, also known as the "Tariff of Abominations" by opponents.

Adams lost the 1828 election to Jackson. The election was noted for the personal attacks made by the candidates against each other. 
In the 1830s, slavery emerged as an increasingly polarizing issue in the United States. A longtime opponent of slavery, Adams used his new role in Congress to fight it, and he became the most prominent national leader opposing slavery. After one of his reelection victories, he said that he must "bring about a day prophesied when slavery and war shall be banished from the face of the earth." He wrote in his private journal in 1820:"The discussion of this Missouri question has betrayed the secret of their souls. In the abstract they admit that slavery is an evil, they disclaim it, and cast it all upon the shoulder of…Great Britain. But when probed to the quick upon it, they show at the bottom of their souls pride and vainglory in their condition of masterdom. They look down upon the simplicity of a Yankee's manners, because he has no habits of overbearing like theirs and cannot treat negroes like dogs. It is among the evils of slavery that it taints the very sources of moral principle. It establishes false estimates of virtue and vice: for what can be more false and heartless than this doctrine which makes the first and holiest rights of humanity to depend upon the color of the skin?"In 1836, partially in response to Adams's consistent presentation of citizen petitions requesting the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, the House of Representatives imposed a "gag rule" that immediately tabled any petitions about slavery. The rule was favored by Democrats and Southern Whigs but was largely opposed by Northern Whigs like Adams.

In late 1836, Adams began a campaign to ridicule slave owners and the gag rule. He frequently attempted to present anti-slavery petitions, often in ways that provoked strong reactions from Southern representatives. Though the gag rule remained in place, the discussion ignited by his actions and the attempts of others to quiet him raised questions of the right to petition, the right to legislative debate, and the morality of slavery. Adams fought actively against the gag rule for another seven years, eventually moving the resolution that led to its repeal in 1844.

In 1841, at the request of Lewis Tappan and Ellis Gray Loring, Adams joined the case of "United States v. The Amistad". Adams went before the Supreme Court on behalf of African slaves who had revolted and seized the Spanish ship "Amistad". Adams appeared on February 24, 1841, and spoke for four hours. His argument succeeded; the Court ruled in favor of the Africans, who were declared free and returned to their homes.

Adams returned to Massachusetts for a short time after he was lost. He returned to Washington D.C. in 1831 after being elected to the United States House of Representatives. He was a leading opponent of slavery. He remained in Congress until the day of his death on February 23, 1848.

On February 21, 1848, Adams suffered a stroke in the House chamber. He collapsed and died in the House two days later on February 23, 1848. He was eighty years old. It was the 7th death of a US president. Due to the importance of Adams, especially in his later years, it was arguably one of the most significant presidential deaths up to that point.

Adams is known today as someone who was a good diplomat, Secretary of State and Congressman. It is argued that he was one of the best, if not the best Secretaries of State in history. However, his presidency was at best average. However, this was likely due to Andrew Jackson's opponents in Congress limiting what he could do, leading to Adams not being able to get some things done.

Peter Fonda

Peter Henry Fonda (February 23, 1940 – August 16, 2019) was an American actor. He and Dennis Hopper starred in the motorcycle movies, "The Wild Angels" and "Easy Rider". He appeared in many other movies, including "Ulee's Gold", in which he was nominated for an Academy Award, "Thomas and the Magic Railroad" and "The Passion of Ayn Rand".

Fonda wrote an autobiography, "Don't Tell Dad: A Memoir", which was published in 1998. He had a home in Paradise Valley, Montana in 1975. Fonda died of respiratory failure and lung cancer on August 16, 2019.


Dennis Hopper

Dennis Lee Hopper (May 17, 1936 – May 29, 2010) was an American actor, movie director, and photographer. He has appeared in many movies and television shows, since the 1950s.

Hopper was born on May 17, 1936 in Dodge City, Kansas. He spent his life in Kansas City, Missouri and in San Diego, California. Hopper studied to be an actor at Helix High School and at the Actors' Studio. Hopper has two brothers. 

Hopper is probably best known for directing, co-writing, and starring in the Oscar-nominated movie "Easy Rider" (1969). In 1994, Hopper had a role in the thriller movie "Speed". He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Hopper was married to Brooke Hayward from 1961 until they divorced in 1969. Hopper was then married to Michelle Phillips from 1970 until they divorced weeks later. He was married to Daria Halprin from 1972 until they divorced. He was later married to Katherine LaNasa from 1989 until they divorced in 1992. Hopper was married to Victoria Duffy from 1998 until they divorced in 2010, months before his death. Hopper had 3 daughters and a son. 

Hopper once insulted actor Rip Torn after he said "Texans are hippie-hatting rednecks" and was sued for a total of $475,000 dollars.

On October 29, 2009, his manager announced that Hopper had prostate cancer. He was terminally ill. He died of the disease on May 29, 2010 in Venice, California. He was 74. He was buried at Ranchos de Taos, New Mexico. "Alpha and Omega" was his last movie and was dedicated to his memory.


 

Todd Rundgren

Todd Harry Rundgren (born June 22, 1948) is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer. Two of his best-known songs are "I Saw The Light" and "Hello It's Me". Both were on his 1971 album "Something/Anything?". Most of the songs on that album were performed by Rundgren alone, using multitrack recorders and playing many musical instruments.

Apple Records hired Rundgren to produce an album, "Straight Up", for the band Badfinger during 1971. Badfinger had not heard of Rundgren and did not know his music, until they bought copies of some of his records. They liked what they heard, and when Rundgren met the band, they got along well, and worked well together.

In the early 2000s, Rundgren replaced Ric Ocasek as bandleader of The Cars, when they reunited to tour.

Actress Liv Tyler used to believe that Rundgren was her father.

1066

1066 was a year which brought great changes in England. The land had four kings during the year. The year started under Anglo-Saxon rule, and ended under Norman rule. This was the only occasion since Roman Britain when the entire country was successfully invaded.

There were four kings during the year: Edward the Confessor (to 5 January 1066), Harold Godwinson (to 14 October 1066), Edgar the Ætheling (to 10 December 1066), and finally William I, Duke of Normandy.





1497

1497 was a common year.



1559

1559 was a common year.


1509

1509 was a common year.



Al-Qaeda

al-Qaeda (, "al-qāʿidah", "the base") is an Islamist jihadist multinational organization that was founded around August 1988 and late 1989. It works as a network, as a stateless army, and a radical Sunni Muslim movement calling for global Jihad. Most of the world thinks it is a terrorist organization.

Members of al-Qaeda have performed many acts of terrorism. Most of these have been done against the United States and Shias. Some of its most well-known attacks have been the September 11 attacks, the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998, and the attack on the U.S. Navy ship USS Cole in 2000. al-Qaeda has done suicide attacks and simultaneous (at the same time) bombings of different targets.

Among al-Qaeda's goals is for other countries to stop influencing Muslim countries and for a new Islamic caliphate to be made. There have been reports that al-Qaeda believes that Christian and Jewish Islamophobia is trying to destroy Islam and that the killing of bystanders and civilians is religiously justified in jihad.

There have been guesses that there are 500–1,000 operatives in Afghanistan and around 5,000 worldwide. However, there is no confirmation of this.

The group is diverse in its beliefs even though the group calls itself Salafi, it has many members who are Hanafi, Shafi`i, Maliki, Wahhabi, and Sufi as the former leader of the group Osama bin Laden was accepting of members as long as they were Muslims in his eyes. A few exceptions include followers of Shiism who curse and reject the companions of Muhammad (exceptions were made for those few who did not reject and curse the companions), and followers of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad.

In June 2001, al-Qaeda and Egyptian Islamic Jihad, which had been associated with each other for many years, merged into 'Qaeda al-Jihad'.

Egyptian Ayman al-Zawahiri was the highest-ranking surviving member of al-Qaeda's leadership after Osama bin Laden was killed on May 2, 2011.

Senior al-Qaeda leader Abu Yahya al-Libi was killed in a drone strike on June 4, 2022. He ranked second to Ayman al-Zawahiri at the time. The strike was carried out in the northwest tribal area of Waziristan. The Pakistan Government has protested to the U.S. about the strike.


1905

1905 (MCMV) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.














1915

1915 (MCMXC) was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.













Tallinn

Tallinn is the capital of Estonia. It is on the north-eastern coast of Estonia and borders the Gulf of Finland. The city is next to many lakes. The largest of these lakes is called Lake Ülemiste, and most Tallinnites get their drinking water from this lake.

Tallinn's Old Town, which is the historic town center, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Tallinn first appeared on a map in 1154, when the cartographer Muhammad al-Idrisi, calling the city "Qlwn", added it to his map of the world. After being conquered by the Danes, the city was known as Reval until Estonia became an independent nation in the 1920s.

In 1285, the city became a part of the Hanseatic League. As a result, in the Middle Ages Tallinn was an important stop on the trade routes between Europe and Russia. During its history Estonia has been ruled at times by Sweden and by Russia. It became independent in 1918 after World War I, but after World War II it was ruled by the USSR. In March 1944 Tallinn was bombed by Soviet Air Force, killing 436 civilians and totally destroying 5073 buildings. Since 1991, Tallinn has been the capital of an independent Estonia.

Today more than 400,000 people live in Tallinn, which is one third of the population of Estonia. It is a big sea port. Its food and textile industries are important. The town has many pretty, old buildings.

The chart below shows the climate of Tallinn.

Lombardy

Lombardy ( ; Italian: "Lombardia" ]; Lombard: "Lombardia", ], ]) is a region in the northern part of Italy. It is the most populated region of the country, and has almost 9.4 million people. The capital is Milan. Lombardy has provinces within it. 

To the north of Lombardy is the country of Switzerland (Canton Ticino and Grigioni). To the west is the region of Piedmont. To the east are the regions of Veneto and Trentino - Alto Adige. To the south is the region of Emilia-Romagna.
In the Italian language, Lombardy is called "Lombardia". This name comes from an old German word: "Langbardland" and means "country of the Lombards".

In the north of Lombardy there are very high mountains, (40% of the territory is mountains) the highest mountains are almost 4.000 meters in the Bernina Range.

In the south of the region flows the Po river, which is the longest river in Italy. The most important rivers are the Adda river, the Mincio and the Ticino river, all of them end in the Po river.

There are also a lot of lakes, the largest are the lake Maggiore, the Lake of Varese, the lake Como, and the lake Garda.

Lombardy is divided into 12 provinces:


Regions of Italy

Italy is a country in the south of Europe. It is divided into 20 regions. A region is a part of the country with a government and a president.

In Italy, regions can decide some things. They can give money to local business. They can decide some things about hospitals, schools, and transport.

In some regions, people speak other languages. In Alto Adige/Südtirol a lot of people speak mainly German. So this region is "special" and can decide more things. 

Sardinia and Sicily are islands. They have different problems than other regions. They have also some different laws.
These regions are called "regions with special laws" ().

Every region has a capital. Here is the list of the regions, the capital and other information.

Vladimir Nabokov

Vladimir Nabokov (April 22, 1899 – July 2, 1977) was a Russian-American writer. He wrote his first books in Russian, and after he moved to the United States, he wrote in English. His most famous book is "Lolita", but others have also become famous, such as "Pnin", "Pale Fire", and "Ada or Ardor".

Nabokov was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia, the first of five children. In 1919, he and his family went to Europe. In 1945, he became an American citizen. He died in Montreux, Switzerland.

Nabokov's father was a lawyer and politician. As a child, Vladimir learned Russian, English, and French. After the October Revolution, the family moved a few times, but settled in Berlin in 1920. Two years later, his father was shot and killed by mistake, because he had blocked the person the gunman was trying to murder. His mother and sister moved to Prague, but Vladimir stayed in Berlin. He wrote for other Russians who had left Russia to live there. He met Véra Slonin, a woman from a Jewish-Russian family, in 1923. They married in 1925. In 1934, they had their only child, Dmitri.

In 1937, Nabokov started to look for another job. He left for France that year, and his family followed. They all fled to America in 1940, except his brother Sergei, who died in a Nazi concentration camp.

Nabokov was an expert on butterflies. As a child he had read books by entomologist Maria Sibylla Merian which he found in the attic of his family's country home in Vyra.

During the 1940s, he was a research fellow in zoology. He organized the butterfly collection of the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University. His specialty was the tribe Polyommatini of the family Lycaenidae.

The genus "Nabokovia" was named after him in honor of this work, as were a number of butterfly and moth species (e.g. many species in the genera "Madeleinea" and "Pseudolucia" have names alluding to Nabokov or names from his novels). In 1967, Nabokov commented: "The pleasures and rewards of literary inspiration are nothing beside the rapture of discovering a new organ under the microscope or an undescribed species on a mountainside in Iran or Peru. It is not improbable that had there been no revolution in Russia, I would have devoted myself entirely to lepidopterology and never written any novels at all".



Abingdon, Oxfordshire

Abingdon is a town in England. It is in the Thames Valley in southern England, 5.5 miles (8.9 km) south of Oxford. It is the seat (place of the government) of the Vale of White Horse district in Oxfordshire. Abingdon was once the county town of Berkshire. It is one of several places which claim to be Britain's oldest occupied town.
Abingdon is at a place where people were able to easily cross the Thames. The area has been lived in since the Bronze Age. The bridge over the Thames at Abingdon is more than 550 years old. Work started on the bridge in 1416, and it replaced an old wooden bridge.

The Abingdon Abbey was built in 675 AD by the Benedictines who called it Abbandun. By 1538 it was the sixth richest abbey in Britain. Most of it was destroyed after 1538 when King Henry VIII closed the monasteries. The gatehouse and several smaller buildings are still standing.

There is a market in Abingdon every Monday, which first started in 1556. A canal was built in 1810 to join Abingdon to other towns including London, Bristol and Birmingham. The canal was in use until 1906.

The MG motor cars were made in Abingdon for 50 years until the factory closed in 1980. However the headquarters of the MG Car Club are still in the town.

Yeadon

Yeadon is a town near Leeds in England. It is in West Yorkshire and part of the West Riding of Yorkshire. It is home to Leeds Bradford International Airport.

George Washington Carver

George Washington Carver (c. January 1860 – January 5, 1943) was an American educator, botanist (someone who works with plants), and inventor. He is best known for his work with peanuts, sweet potatoes, and other crops.

Carver's reputation is based on his research into and promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts, soybeans and sweet potatoes, which also aided nutrition for farm families. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. 

The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He also developed and promoted about 100 products made from peanuts that were useful for the house and farm, including cosmetics, dyes, paints, plastics, gasoline, and nitroglycerin. He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.

He was born into slavery in January 1864 in Diamond, Missouri. The exact date of his birth is unknown. He studied in Simpson College when he was 22. Much of Carver's fame is based on his research. He died on January 5, 1943 after a fall he had in his home in Tuskegee, Alabama on January 5, 1943.

1744

1744 was a common year.


Julian calendar

The Julian calendar, proposed by Julius Caesar in 46 BCE (708 AUC), was a reform of the Roman calendar. It was first used in 1 January 45 BCE. It was the main calendar in most of the world, until Pope Gregory replaced that with the Gregorian calendar in 4 October 1582.

During the 20th and 21st centuries, the date according to the Julian calendar is 13 days behind the Gregorian date.

The Julian calendar has two types of year: common years of 365 days and leap years of 366 days. There is a simple cycle of three common years followed by a leap year and this pattern repeats forever. However, the rule was not followed in the first years after the reform in 45 BCE. Due to a counting error, every 3rd year was a leap year instead of the 4th. The leap years were:
However, in 8 BCE (746 AUC), emperor Augustus Caesar corrected the problem. The next leap year was 7 CE (160 AUC).
With the simple cycle, the length of the Julian year is exactly 365.25 days (365 days and 6 hours), but the actual time it takes for the Earth to go around the Sun once is closer to 365.2422 days (about 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 seconds). This difference is about 365.25 - 365.2422 = 0.0078 days (11 minutes and 14 seconds) each year, although Greek astronomers knew that. This made the seasons get out of track, since the real first day of spring in western Europe (the equinox - day and night the same length) was happening earlier and earlier before the traditional 21 March as the centuries went by. By the 1500s, it was starting around 11 March, ten days 'too early' according to the calendar.
The first step of the reform was to realign the 25 December with the Winter solstice by making 46 BCE (708 AUC) 445 days long. In ordinary Roman calendar, the common year had 355 days and the leap year (one year after the common year) had 378 days. The 46 BCE was a leap year, according to the calendar. Julius Caesar added 67 more days by adding two extra months (those are called "Prior" and "Posterior" in letters of Cicero) between November and December.

Gregorian calendar

The Gregorian calendar is the calendar that is used throughout most of the world. It began being used in 1582. It replaced the previous Julian calendar because the Julian calendar had an error: it added a leap year (with an extra day every four years) with no exceptions. The length of the Julian year was exactly 365.25 days (365 days and 6 hours), but the actual time it takes for the Earth to go around the Sun once is closer to 365.2425 days (about 365 days, 5 hours and 49 minutes). This difference is about eleven minutes each year.

This made the seasons get out of track with the calendar. For example, as the centuries went by, the equinox (when day and night are the same length) was happening earlier and earlier than its traditional date, March 21. It was the calendar that was wrong, not the earth's orbit. By the 1500s, it was starting around March 11, ten days 'too early' according to the calendar. To farmers, this did not matter because they worked to the seasons rather than to the calendar. But it mattered a lot to the Christian church because the date of Easter is calculated from the equinox being on 21 March. So Pope Gregory XIII declared that the calendar must skip ten days in 1582.

To make sure that the mistake did not happen again, they revised the 'leap year rule'. Until then, every fourth year had February 29, without exception. The change was that there would be no February 29 for every year that ends in 00 - unless it could be divided by 400. So the year 2000 was a leap year, because it could be divided by 400, but 1700, 1800, and 1900 would be common years, with no February 29.

The official change took place the following October, when Thursday, 4th was followed by Friday, 15th. 

The months of the Gregorian calendar year are, in order:
If February has 28 days, then the year is 365 days long.
If February has 29 days, then the year is called a "leap year" and it is 366 days long. A leap year usually happens once every four years. The most recent leap year was 2020, and the next leap year is 2024.

The Pope's instruction only applied to the Catholic Church, countries made their own laws. But Europe's Catholic countries decided to follow his lead. Spain, Portugal, and Italy started to use the new calendar on Friday, October 15, 1582, following Julian Thursday, October 4, 1582. In Europe's Protestant countries, people feared that the new calendar was an attempt by the Catholic Church to silence their movement. Since the Great Schism, Europe's Eastern Orthodox churches also ignored the Pope's decision and many continue to use the Julian calendar even today.

England and the rest of the British Empire (including what is now the US and Canada) adopted the Gregorian calendar in 1752. Because 1600 was a leap year in both calendars but the Julian calendar had a leap year in 1700 but the Gregorian calendar did not, this meant that "eleven" days needed to be skipped. Wednesday, September 2, 1752 was followed by Thursday, September 14, 1752.

In the USSR, the October Revolution of 1917 was celebrated in November. In 1917 the Russian Empire still used the old Julian calendar. Changing the calendar meant 365 days after the revolution started was now in November 1918.

In 1923 some Eastern Orthodox Churches changed to the Gregorian calendar. Christmas Day is the same as the Catholic and Protestant churches, but the date of Easter continues to be worked out differently.

The Russian Orthodox Church, as well as some other Eastern Orthodox Churches such as Georgian and Serbian, did not want this change, so Russian Christmas Day is about two weeks after the rest of Europe.

Japan adopted the Gregorian calendar's way of working out leap years on January 1, 1873, but the months have numbers instead of names. Japan also starts year one with each new reign, but uses reign names not the name an emperor might be best known by in the west. For example, the reign names "Meiji" year 1=1868, "Taisho" 1=1912, "Showa" (Emperor Hirohito) 1=1926, "Heisei" (Emperor Akihito) 1=1989, and so on. The "Western calendar" (西暦, "seireki") using western year numbers, is also widely accepted by civilians and to a lesser extent by government agencies.

Some old dates in Britain were written and documented with two different years. This is because Britain did not start a new year until March 25, so for a few months it was one year in Britain and the next year in other countries.

The letters OS (for "Old Style") and NS (for "New Style") were used to help determine the year being used. For example, King Charles I died on January 30, 1649. In "Old Style" it is correct to say that Charles I died "January 30, 1648 (OS)". Using "New Style", as we determine dates now, the correct date and year would be February 9, 1649.

In the old calendar, the year started on March 25, this was the Quarter Day when rents and taxes fell due. This became April 5 which is why the tax year in the United Kingdom begins on April 6. 

People sometimes use the term N.S. or New Style to mean the Gregorian calendar, with Old Style (or O.S.) meaning the Julian calendar.


Southern hemisphere

The Southern hemisphere is the half of Earth that is south of the equator. 

It has about 10 percent of world's population and only a small part of the world's land. A very small part of Asia, one-third of Africa, 90 percent of South America, and all of Australia and Antarctica are in this hemisphere.


Sufism

Sufism (also known as Tassawuf) is a group or branch in Islam with a mystic path or system. Someone who practices Sufism is called a Sufi, and may be a "Dervish" or a "Fakir".

At first, Sufism only meant making Islam more personal and internal. Some say it first came from constantly reciting the Qur'an, meditating, and through experience. Others believe that Sufism is trying to live as the Islamic prophet Muhammad did, to be closer to God. This is how the Prophet taught his disciples. Additionally, the Muslim conquests had brought large numbers of Christian monks and hermits, especially in Syria and Egypt, under Muslim rule. They believed in a deeply spiritual and mystical (even 'Platonic') way of life and many of their ways became part of early Sufism.

Some of these teachings were summarized in texts (in Arabic initially). Important contributions in writing are attributed to Uwais al-Qarni, Harrm bin Hian, Hasan Basri and Sayid ibn al-Mussib, who are regarded as among the first Sufis in the earliest generations of Islam. Harith al-Muhasibi was the first one to write about moral psychology. Rabia Basri was a Sufi known for her love and passion for God, expressed through her poetry. Bayazid Bastami was among the first theorists of Sufism.

Sufism already had a long history when some teachers began to set up formal schools or orders ("Tarika" or "Tariqah") in the early Middle Ages. Almost all existing Sufi orders today trace their roots and chain of transmission ("silsila") back to Muhammad, via one of these orders.

The main idea in Sufism is that people can have 'personal knowledge' or oneness with God in their lives. In order to be one with God, you have to destroy your idea of yourself, or your ego. This is known as "fanaa" (annihilation). Apart from saying Sufi prayers, that vary according to different orders, you should be humble, considerate, and only act in order to control your desires.

After "fanaa" is achieved, you are reborn to live with, in, through and for God, ("baqaa", permanency). This is the state where you have achieved the divine love of God, and come ever closer to a unity with God. You should now strive to be one with God. A person who has crossed the various Sufi 'stages' and achieved this sort of mystic union with Allah, is called a "Wali" (a saint or friend of God) and the state is termed "Wilayat" (friendship/union).

In Sufism there exist many different orders ("tarikas"), that were founded from the 12th and 13th centuries until today/contemporary times. Some of the major Sufi orders are:


Some of the major, notable Sufis in history, from the 'classical age' of Sufism, include:


Modern practitioners, who have achieved the degree of "sheikh" (Master/Preceptor) and are accounted to have a high spiritual status, are still found in various places.

Sufi practices are usually defined within the basic tenets of Islam, the "Sharia" (or "Shariah") although some orders include singing and dancing in the love of God, something some Muslims disapprove of. Some Muslims of a more orthodox mind-set believe that any actions outside the scope of "Sharia", or Sufi activities practised by non-Muslims are wrong. For a non-Muslim the most important ideas in Sufism are love for fellow human beings (which reflects one's love of God) and living ones life in such a way where all actions are against the self. This starts the path of "fanaa". In terms of discipleship and training, almost all the major Sufi orders are willing to take students who are not Muslims.

There are some Muslim schools of thought, such as the Wahhabi, who oppose Sufism because they feel it obliterates the difference between God and man and bypasses the common method of salvation in their interpretations of "Sharia". Although there are non-Islamic versions of Sufism too (generally defined as 'Universal Sufism') puritanical and rigid people in Islam don't like them. As a result, we often see a great deal of misunderstanding and conflict regarding Sufism and Sufic practices.

Orthodox Islam, especially fundamentalist groups like the Wahhabi and Salafi have been the most intolerant and violent against what they think of as 'Deviant Sufism'. They have persecuted the Kharijites, the Ismaili Shia cult (sometimes termed the 'Assassins'), the Ahmadiyya movement and several other groups and individuals with Sufi-like mystical tendencies and practices. During the later Mughal Empire in India, even the early "gurus" of Sikhism were persecuted by orthodox Islamic "mullahs" since they had chosen to put some of the ideas and poetic verses of the Sufi saint Baba Farid into their scriptures. Over the last two decades, considerable persecution has been made of the spiritual reformer and sage Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi and his followers in Pakistan. He was opposed and threatened and forced to flee the country and his books banned there, and anyone publicly supporting him is liable to immediate arrest.

Even proper, formal Sufi orders have suffered persecution for various reasons. In recent times Sufism was banned in Iran. This happened in spite of the famous "Amman Message", a joint declaration made by over 200 of the most noted moderate Islamic scholars in a conference in Amman, Jordan, in 2005, stressing that Sufism is very much 'part' of Islam.

Some volumes for further reading on Sufism include:

Dove

Pigeons or doves are the bird family Columbidae. 

The common names "pigeon" and "dove" are often used interchangeably. In ornithology, "dove" tends to be used for smaller species and "pigeon" for larger ones. The wild ancestor of the domestic pigeon is the "rock dove". The feral pigeon is common in many cities. 

There are more than 300 species in the family. They usually make nests of sticks, and their two white eggs are incubated by both the male and the female parent. Doves feed on seeds, fruit and plants. 

Unlike most other birds, the doves and pigeons produce a type of milk. It is produced in their crop, and called crop milk. Both sexes have this highly nutritious milk to feed their young.

Pigeons and doves are distributed everywhere on Earth, except for the driest areas of the Sahara Desert, Antarctica and its surrounding islands and the high Arctic. They have colonised most of the world's oceanic islands. They are in eastern Polynesia and the Chatham Islands in the Pacific, Mauritius, the Seychelles and Réunion in the Indian Ocean, and the Azores in the Atlantic Ocean.

The family has adapted to most of the habitats available on the planet. Doves may be arboreal or terrestrial or partly terrestrial. Species live in savannas, grasslands, deserts, temperate woodlands and forests, mangrove forests, and even the barren sands and gravels of atolls. Some species have large natural ranges. 

The largest range of any species is that of the rock dove. This species lives in Britain and Ireland, northern Africa, across Europe, Arabia, Central Asia, India, the Himalayas and up into China and Mongolia. The range of the species increased dramatically after it was domesticated, because the species went feral in cities around the world. It lives in cities across most of North America, South America, sub-Saharan Africa, Southeast Asia, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. 

The species is not the only pigeon to have increased its range due to the actions of man; several other species have become established outside of their natural range after escaping captivity. Other species have also increased their natural ranges due to habitat changes by humans.

The dodo and the Rodrigues solitaire are two famous flightless birds on the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean, east of Madagascar. They are extinct, but were alive before sailors found the islands. They had no fear of humans, whom they had never seen. The sailors hunted them, and killed them for food. Both species are now extinct. Animals introduced by man may also have hunted them. Their anatomy (osteology) and DNA sequence analyses show that they belong to the Columbidae family.

In the Ancient Near East and Mediterranean, doves were used as symbols for the Canaanite mother goddess Asherah, the Phoenician goddess Tanit, and the Roman goddesses Venus and Fortunata.

The Christian symbol of a dove with an olive branch in its beak represents peace and comes from Genesis 8:6 - 12, also John 1:32–34. The Christian stories came after very similar myths from earlier cultures.The Chaldean myth the "Epic of Gilgamesh", Utnapishtim releases a dove and raven to find land; however, the dove merely circles and returns. Only then does Utnapishtim send forth the raven, which does not return, and Utnapishtim concludes the raven has found land.

Several species of pigeons and doves are used as food, and probably any might be. The powerful breast muscles of the family make excellent meat. Domesticated or hunted pigeon were used as food in Mesopotamia, Ancient Rome and medieval Europe. It is familiar meat within Jewish, Arab, Assamese and French cuisines. According to the Tanakh, doves are kosher, and they are the only birds that may be used for a "korban" (offering). Other kosher birds may be eaten, but not brought as a "korban". It is also eaten in Asian cuisines, such as Chinese and Indonesian cuisine. Young pigeons in cuisine are known as "squabs".

In Europe, the wood pigeon is commonly shot as a game bird. Rock pigeons were originally domesticated as a food species, and many breeds were developed for their meat-bearing qualities. The extinction of the passenger pigeon in North America was partly due to shooting for food. Mrs Beeton's "Book of Household Management" has recipes for roast pigeon and pigeon pie, a popular, inexpensive food in Victorian industrial Britain.

A type of pigeon commonly found on the streets of large cities. Feral pigeons come in all shades, some bluer, others blacker. Some are pale grey with darker chequered markings, others an unusual shade of dull brick-red or cinnamon-brown. Others can be or less white while others look exactly like wild rock doves. 


Antonio Prohias

Antonio Prohias (January 17, 1921 – February 24, 1998) was a Cuban-born cartoonist. He is best known as the creator of Spy vs. Spy. The running gag is of two incompent spies-one in black clothing-one in white clothing-who consisity try to outdo each other in comic mayhem. Although one comic only identies their countries as Black/White another one tells their nationalities are given in an International border cartoon in which the Black Spy from the "East" tries to sneak over to the "West" [Guarded by the "White Spy."]-although a later cartoon identies their countries as "Black SpyLand" (and presumedly "White Spyland") Likewise the Spys parents and their Children are cloathed as Black/white Miniature copies of their fathers Even in childhood and old age the two spys began their mayhem against one another-although their feuding goes back to Caveman times and the Roman Empire In the Spy Vs Spy World even innocenet human bystanders toys and the Spys animals are cloathed in Black/White They even have their own Spy Cemeteries [ID only as Agent Number but no names]; and Fan Clubs; their newspapers are called "Spy News" The Spys weopons could be anything-from antique Biplanes to Jets Each spy would be attached to either their own embassy or their respective Spy Hq-a running gag is that each spy would try to steal secrets from the enemy spy embassy On occasion Prohias would introduce a variation in which one Spy would embaress -but not kill-the enemy spy Other variations-more than One spy of the same color vs enemy Spy; and occasionally the introduction of a third Spy..the femme fatalee female "Grey Spy" would always trick the two love struck bumblers to their doom. In Honor of St Patricks Day another Spy was introduced the "Green Spy". When "Mad Magazine" had its own TV Show they would show 3D Cartoons of Spy Vs Spy shorts. After Prohias demise the Cartoon has been drawn by Kupper 

Chancellor

Chancellor is the head of the government in some European countries including Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The title "Chancellor" means the same thing as "Prime Minister". For example, Italy has a Prime Minister while Germany has a Chancellor but they have roughly the same job. 

In the United Kingdom, the Chancellor of the Exchequer is the person in charge of the country's finances (taxes and spending). Also in the United Kingdom, there is a Lord Chancellor. 

Chancellor is also a title given to public officials in some other countries. For example, "Daijō-daijin" or Chancellor of the Realm was a government position in Japan in the late Nara and Heian periods.


MUD

In terms of computer games, a MUD (short for Multi-User Dungeon, Multi-User Dimension or Multi-User Domain) is a multiplayer online game that is usually completely text-based.

Ulysses S. Grant

Ulysses S. Grant (born Hiram Ulysses Grant; April 27, 1822 – July 23, 1885) was an American general who helped the Union Army of the United States win the American Civil War. He was later the 18th president of the United States from 1869 to 1877.

Hiram Ulysses Grant was born on April 27, 1822, in Point Pleasant, Ohio. He was the oldest of six children born to Jesse and Hannah Grant. Jesse Grant was a tanner. It was hard work, but he made a good living off of it. Young Grant worked for his father in the tannery but hated the work. He went to local schools. In 1838 he attended the Presbyterian Academy in Ripley, Ohio. In 1839 he was appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He was not the best student though he was good at math. When he graduated, he was placed in the infantry.

When Grant arrived at West Point and discovered that the academy had him registered under the wrong name as "Ulysses S. Grant". He was told that it didn't matter what he or his parents thought his name was, the official government application said his name was "Ulysses S." and that application could not be changed. If "Hiram Ulysses Grant" wanted to attend West Point, he would have to change his name.

Before becoming the president, Grant was an officer in the Union Army (North). He fought in the Mexican War and became a general at the start of the American Civil War. He served as head of the Army of Tennessee and won victories at Shiloh, Vicksburg, and Chattanooga. He became the top general in the Union Army from 1864 to 1865, and fought several battles against Robert E. Lee.

Since he was able to do well fighting in the American Civil War, he gained popularity which helped him to become the candidate for president of the Republican party. The Republicans were then the strongest party. Even though he was a respected general and supported civil rights for African Americans, historians criticize his presidency because he appointed his friends into high political positions and tolerated their corruption (even though Grant himself was innocent). Grant was the youngest president, only 46 years old, and the first to have both his parents attend his inauguration. He was also the first elected because of African American voters, who could vote then, although there was a big fight about it, which ended with many Black voters losing the right to vote. In his election, he won about 500,000 votes from African Americans, while the majority of white voters supported the Democratic candidate, who was called Horatio Seymour. Grant supported the right of Black men to vote because of this, but also because he thought it was right.

In 1872, Republican reformers split the party and nominated Horace Greeley to be president. The Democratic Party also nominated him. Greeley wanted Civil Service reform and amnesty for all former Confederates. Grant won the election by a landslide.

Very soon into Grant's second term the Panic of 1873 started a depression in the United States that spread to Europe. In 1873, Republicans in Congress were caught in a bribery scandal by newspapers. They had collected large bribes to give large federal grants to the railroads. The bribes had taken place before Grant was president, but the news came out during his presidency making it seem even more corrupt. Also in 1873, Grant signed a bill that gave himself and congressmen a pay raise. The press attacked him for it calling it a money grab. Republicans were getting a bad reputation in the press. Mid-term, the Democrats won a majority of votes in the House. They started a number of congregational investigations. Grant's Secretary of the Treasury had to resign after being caught in a fraud scheme involving taxpayer kickbacks.

The Whiskey Ring was the largest scandal and involved widespread fraud. Grant had appointed an army friend John MacDonald as an Internal Revenue Service supervisor for the St. Louis area. In return for bribes, whisky distillers paid taxes only on a small portion of the whiskey they produced. They were cheating the U.S. government out of millions of dollars a year. MacDonald kept some of the money while some of it went to the Republican Party. The Whiskey Ring was paying some officials a regular salary to keep them from talking. Benjamin Bristow, the Secretary of the Treasury at the time, had no idea this was going on. Each time he sent inspectors on a raid to check out suspected cheaters, their records were always in good order. Bristow had no idea someone in his office was telling them in advance who was to be inspected. Meanwhile, Grant accepted expensive gifts from MacDonald not suspecting he was running a fraud scheme. MacDonald even told his friends in St. Louis that Grant was in on the scheme. In 1875, MacDonald and more than 350 distillers and government officials were indicted. This included Grant's personal secretary Orville Babcock. He was the one keeping ring members informed of any inspections. At his trial, witnesses lied and even President Grant wrote a letter stating Babcock was of good character. As a result, Babcock was exonerated of the charges, but the scandal prevented him from going back to his job in Washington. Of those accused, 60 paid fines while MacDonald and two others went to prison. The Whiskey Ring proved to most Americans that Grant's administration was filled with corruption.

After his presidency, Grant was suffering from throat cancer. He made a long trip to Europe and tried to become president again in 1880. Nobody had been elected three times before and it was seen as wrong by many because George Washington had refused to. In the end, the Republican party agreed to nominate (propose) congressman James Garfield instead. But Grant kept many supporters in the party. One of them shot Garfield the same year, and killed him. Grant never became president again, however, and only one man has been elected three or more times, Franklin Roosevelt. Grant was the first one to try, however.

Despite the problems during his second term, Grant was immensely popular, much like a modern-day movie star, and wrote a book about his life that sold millions of copies. He died three days after he finished writing it. He is buried with his wife Julia in Grant's Tomb, New York City, New York.

Historians once gave Grant a bad ranking due to cabinet members being corrupt. However, starting in 2000, scholars gave him a more favorable ranking because of better civil rights, the fact that Grant was not corrupt himself, and that he worked on parts of Lincoln's reconstruction.

Grenada

Grenada ( ; Grenadian Creole French: "Gwenad") is an island country in the Caribbean Sea that received its independence from the United Kingdom in 1974. Its capital is St. George's.

Before it was discovered, Grenada was inhabited by indigenous people. In 1649, it was colonised by France. Over a century later in 1763, Grenada was given to the United Kingdom.

In 1974, Grenada became an independent country led by Prime Minister Eric Gairy. In 1983, Grenada was invaded by the United States in an effort to stop communism on the island. 

In 2004, a hurricane named Ivan destroyed most of the island's resources. Grenada is called the Spice Island on account of its most famous export, the nutmeg.

Grenada is a monarchy with Charles III as king. Grenada has a parliament made up of a senate (13 seats) and a House of Representatives (15 seats). The senators are appointed by the representatives, who are elected by the people.



Accrington

Accrington is a town in Lancashire, England. It is in North West England. The town had a population of 35,203 in the 2001 census. The Accrington Stanley Football Club play here.

Yateley

Yateley is a suburban town in England in the county of Hampshire. It had a population of 21,011 according to the 2001 census. 

It is on the borders with Berkshire and Surrey. It lies some 35 miles (56 km) west-south-west of London and 15 miles (24 km) south of Reading. Other local towns and villages include Eversley, Finchampstead, Hartley Wintney, Blackwater, Camberley, Sandhurst, Crowthorne, Farnborough and Fleet.

Yateley mainly serves as a dormitory town for workers in London, Reading, Guildford, Farnborough and Camberley.

Public transport in Yateley is limited to a bus that serves Blackwater, Camberley and Aldershot. There is no train station.

There are two secondary schools in the town, Yateley School and Frogmore School, and many infant and primary schools.

Stratford-upon-Avon

Stratford-upon-Avon is a town in England. It is famous as the birthplace of William Shakespeare. It lies on the River Avon, 22 miles (35 km) south east of Birmingham and 8 miles (13 km) south west of the county town, Warwick.

Pune

Pune is the 8th largest metropolis in India. It is on the Deccan Plateau in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The city is famous for the great "Maratha" king "Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj". It is also the birthplace of spiritual teacher Meher Baba. Mutha are the two rivers that flow through the city. 

It has a major Information Technology (IT) center. This city is managed by the Pune Municipal Council (PMC).
Pune is a city of knowledge and often known as the Oxford of the east. In Marathi, it is known as "vidyeche maherghar." It means the hometown of education. The population of Pune was 8,242,142 by 2015.

The name Pune comes from the Sanskrit word - "". It means "city of virtue". Pune is known for its educational facilities, having more than hundred educational institutes and nine universities. Pune has well-established glass, sugar and metal forging industries since the 1950s. Pune is also known as the "Oxford of the East." Pune was once the centre of power for the Maratha Empire. It is known to have existed as a town since 847 AD. Pune was the first capital of Shivaji Maharaj.

It is the cultural capital of Maharashtra. There are many historic places like Shaniwar Wada, Lal Mahal and many museums like the Aga Khan Palace, Raja Kelkar Museum, and the National War museum.

The climate of Pune is suitable to reside in, so many people settled there. Today, Pune has many complexes, shopping malls and multiplexes. There are many research centres present in Pune.

Students not only from other cities and States come here to study, but international students from various countries are also found here. There are many clubs for different sports activities in this city. The main attraction of the city is the Ganesh Festival which is celebrated with great joy. 

There are many educational institutions like Symbiosis, SP and Fergusson. Many people in Pune are food lovers, there are many famous Bhelpuri and Vada pav centres.

Beer, Devon

Beer is the name of a village in Devon, South West England. It is famous for underground quarries started by the Romans which have supplied stone for many of England's Historic buildings. Fishing was also a large industry with smuggling connections and the ladies of Beer made the lace for Queen Victoria's wedding dress.

Fly

A fly (plural: "flies") is an insect of the order Diptera. The Diptera is a large order of advanced flying insects.

Their most obvious difference from other insects is in their flight. A normal fly has two flight wings on its thorax and a pair of halteres. The halteres, which evolved from the hind wings, act as flight sensors: they are balance organs. Also flies have large eyes with excellent wide-angle vision.

With the help of their eyes and halteres, flies are exceptional fliers. They can avoid most predators, and are among the hardest insects to capture by hand. Their jinks, dives and turns to avoid their predators is their main adaptation. "These flies do a precise and fast calculation to avoid a specific threat and they are doing it using a brain that is as small as a grain of salt"... "And they can fly like an ace at birth. It's like putting a newborn baby in the cockpit of a fighter aircraft and it knowing what to do".

The only other order of insects bearing two true, working wings plus any form of halteres are the Strepsiptera, a small order of insects. In contrast to the flies, the Strepsiptera evolved their halteres from their front wings and their flight wings are their rear wings.

The presence of a single pair of wings distinguishes true flies from other insects with "fly" in their name, such as mayflies, dragonflies, damselflies, stoneflies, whiteflies, fireflies, sawflies, caddisflies, butterflies or scorpionflies.

Some true flies have become secondarily wingless, including some that live in social insect colonies.

Flies are also holometabolous, with complete metamorphosis. This means their eggs turn into grubs, which eat voratious. Then they turn into pupae. Their bodies change while they are in the pupa.

There are an estimated 1,000,000 species, although only about 150,000 species have been described.

There are many different kinds of flies. Scientists have named 125,000 kinds (species).

Some flies do not have the word "fly" in their name, so people may not know they are flies. 

Some insects have the word "fly" in their names, but they are not flies at all.

Dhikr

The Arabic word Dhikr means "remembrance". Another word is Dhikrullah ("remembrance of God").

Dhikr is a kind of worship to God. It is often performed by the Sufis in congregation, and each Sufi order has its special kind of Dhikr.
However all Muslims must do dhikr.There are many benefits of doing Dhikr according to Islamic theology.Such as the fact that it is a polisher of the heart, a way of gaining closeness to Allah, one can even gain trees in Paradise for it.

Jockey

A jockey is a person who rides horses in horse races. Most jockeys have to be under a certain weight and/or height, so they would not be too heavy on the horse.

George Lazenby

George Lazenby (born 5 September 1939) is an Australian-born model and actor. He was born in Goulburn, New South Wales. He is best known for his role as James Bond in the movie "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (1968). He is the only actor to play the role of Bond only once in an official James Bond movie.

Cone

In common speaking and geometry, a cone is a solid object that one gets when one rotates a right triangle around one of its two short sides, the cone's axis. The disk made by the other short side is called the base, and the point of the axis which is not on the base is the cone's "apex" or "vertex". An object that is shaped like a cone is "conical".

In more technical terms, a cone is formed by a set of line segments, half-lines, or lines connecting a common point, the apex, to all of the points on a base that is in a plane that does not contain the apex. Depending on the author, the base may be restricted to be a circle, any one-dimensional quadratic form in the plane, any closed one-dimensional figure, or any of the above plus all the enclosed points. If the enclosed points are included in the base, the cone is a solid object; otherwise it is a two-dimensional object in three-dimensional space. In the case of a solid object, the boundary formed by these lines or partial lines is called the lateral surface; if the lateral surface is unbounded, it is a conical surface.

In the case of line segments, the cone does not extend beyond the base, while in the case of half-lines, it extends infinitely far. In the case of lines, the cone extends infinitely far in both directions from the apex, in which case it is sometimes called a double cone. Either half of a double cone on one side of the apex is called a nappe. The volume formula_1 of a cone is one third of the product of the area of the base formula_2 and the height formula_3


Ice cream

Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from cream and ice, with added flavors and sweeteners. This mixture is quickly frozen while it is stirred continuously in a mixer, so that large ice crystals do not form. Some ice cream is made with carrageenan, a gum found in seaweed so that it is not sticky and easily eatable. Nowadays, ice cream comes with different flavors, shapes, colours and textures. It has a melting point of .

Ice cream was first eaten as early as 500 BC in Persia. In the Achaemenid Empire, ice cream was made of ice combined with flavorings. Just like modern ice cream, this type of ice cream is eaten during summer. In 400 BC, the Persians invented a special type of ice cream reserved to the royalty during summers. This type of ice cream is made of rose water and vermicelli. The ice in this particular ice cream was mixed with saffron, fruits, and various other flavors.

In 200 BC, the Chinese used a frozen mixture of milk and rice to make ice cream.

A Roman cookbook from the 1st century includes recipes for sweet desserts that are sprinkled with snow.

In the 17th century sorbets and ice creams were made by adding salt to ice, making it freeze.

There are lots of stories about the history of ice cream, but not much real evidence.

Ice cream became very popular in the Mediterranean in the 1800s. Mediterranean people during the 1800s could easily afford ice cream. People started to make lots of recipes for ice cream. Before refrigeration they had to collect ice and store it in ice houses.

From the 1950s onward, ice cream became a lot more popular. Refrigeration was easily affordable because many people owned fridges that could store ice cream for a very long time without melting.

There are lots of ways to make ice cream. Most people don't make ice cream, because it is easier to buy.

Shops make ice cream by mixing cream and other things like milk, sugar, and eggs. Then they add flavoring (something that adds flavor to a food). Then they freeze it.

A method of making ice cream is by putting cream, milk, and sugar in a plastic bag. Then put ice and salt in a bigger bag. Putting the smaller bag inside the bigger bag, and then shaking it for 5-10 minutes will make ice cream.

People sell ice cream through many ways. Ice cream in containers can be purchased from supermarkets. Ice cream may also be purchased on a cone from an ice cream truck.

There are many different flavors of ice cream. Ice cream often has things added to it for flavor, like chocolate chips, nuts, fruit, cookie dough, sweets, sauces or small candies.

Traditionally, the three most common flavors are vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry. There are ice cream flavors that are very similar, such as French vanilla, vanilla bean, dark chocolate, chocolate chip, and strawberry cheesecake. 

Chocolate chips, or little pieces of dark or white chocolate, are a common addition to ice cream. Three common chocolate chip ice creams are chocolate chip (made with vanilla ice cream), mint chocolate chip or mint 'n chip (made with peppermint, spearmint, or creme de menthe ice cream), and chocolate chocolate chip. Peppermint ice cream without chips is also a common flavor.

Many ice creams contain fruits. Besides strawberry, common fruit flavors are cherry, raspberry, blackberry, and peach. Some citrus fruits, such as orange and lime, are made into sherbets instead of ice cream.

Nut flavors include butter pecan, butter almond (both of which contain vanilla or caramel ice cream with nuts), pistachio, and peanut butter.

Coffee (mocha, cappuccino, espresso) and caramel (English toffee, butterscotch, rum) are also common ice cream flavors.

There are many ice cream flavors that contain some mixture of chocolate, fudge, coffee, caramel, nuts, and marshmallows. The most common is Rocky Road (chocolate ice cream, nuts and marshmallows), but others include Mocha Almond Fudge (made with almond nuts, fudge, and coffee ice cream) and Tax Crunch (coffee, nuts, and malt powder)

Some ice creams are a mixture of two or more ice creams. Neapolitan is a mixture of chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry; while spumoni is a mixture of chocolate and various fruit flavors.

Outside of the United States and Canada, flavors include dulce du leche (Mexico), macupino and lychee (both China)

Ice cream mixed with milk and often sugar and syrups is called a Milk Shake.

Many ice cream parlors, such as Cold Stone Creamery, allow people to make something called a sundae, which is one or more flavors of ice cream mixed with things such as nuts, dark or white chocolate chips, bananas, cherries, pineapples, candies, cookies, marshmallows, and various syrups such as hot fudge, maple and butterscotch. Also, ice cream is often placed on a piece of pie, which is called "pie a la mode".


Grace Coolidge

Grace Anna Goodhue Coolidge (January 3, 1879 – July 8, 1957) was an American educator who was the first lady of the United States from 1923 to 1929 as the wife of the 30th president of the United States, Calvin Coolidge. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923 when her husband was vice president.

Coolidge also served as the first lady of Massachusetts from 1919 to 1921, second lady of Massachusetts from 1916 to 1919 and the first lady of Northampton, Massachusetts from 1910 to 1912.

Her parents were Andrew and Lemira B. Goodhue. She was their only child. She spent her childhood at Burlington, Vermont. She graduated from the University of Vermont in 1902. She then started teaching at a school for the deaf children. The name of that school was the Clarke School for the Deaf, Northampton, Massachusetts. There she met Calvin Coolidge. They married in October 1905. The name of their first son was John Coolidge. The name of their second, born in 1908, son was Calvin, Jr. 

During all these years, her husband was working as a lawyer. Then, he became the governor. During all these years, Grace Coolidge helped her husband actively. By 1921, her husband has become the Vice President. They moved to Washington. Grace Coolidge soon became very popular in the high society of Washington. 

President Warren G. Harding died in 1923, and Calvin Coolidge became the president of the United States. Suddenly, their second son aged died at the age of 16 years.

In 1929, the president retired, and the couple left Washington. They went to Northampton (Massachusetts) to live. 
USA’s National Institute of Social Sciences awarded her a gold medal. In 1931, many people of America selected her as one of America's living women. 

In 1933, her husband died, but she lived for many decades. She died in 1957 at the age of 78. She lived a private life. In between, she took her first airplane ride and a trip to Europe. 

List of U.S. state flowers

The state flower is a symbol for each state in USA, the state flowers for each state are:

Blacksmith

A blacksmith is a person who works with iron and steel. The blacksmith hammers hot iron on an anvil to change its shape. Blacksmiths make iron and steel tools.

A smith is a person who works in metal. A blacksmith works with iron and steel. A thousand years ago, people only knew about seven metals (iron, gold, silver, copper, tin, lead, and mercury). By color: gold is yellow; copper is red; and silver, tin, lead, and mercury are different gray colors. Iron is also a gray color if you shine it, but usually its surface is covered with a black oxide, which is a kind of rust. This black color forms very fast in a blacksmith's fire. The other metals have light colors, but iron is a dark color, so it is called the black metal in English. A smith who works the black metal is a blacksmith.

A farrier works with iron like a blacksmith. The only ironwork a farrier does is to make horseshoes.

A forge is a special type of oven that is used for metalworking. Using a forge to change metal is called "forging". Forging is one of the oldest forms of metal working. To be shaped with a hammer, iron must be very hot. Hot iron becomes cold very quickly when it is taken out of the forge. A blacksmith only has a short time to hammer a piece of iron before it must be put back in the fire to become hot again.

A forge burns coal or charcoal in a very hot fire. Bellows push air into the forge to make the fire burn hotter. The blacksmith puts pieces of iron in the fire to make the iron hot and to keep it hot until it is used.

There are a few ways to change a piece of iron's shape with hammer and heat. Here are the most important ways that a blacksmith uses:


A punch is a tool like a short stick of iron. The end of the punch is flat.

A chisel is a tool like a short stick of iron. The end of the chisel is sharp to cut. 

Iron is one of the 92 natural elements.

Steel is iron with a little carbon in it (0.3% to 1.7% carbon by weight).

All metals get harder when a smith hammers or bends them. This is called "work-hardening". If a smith hammers or bends a piece of metal that is already work-hardened, it will crack and break. To make work-hardened metal soft again, so that a smith can hammer and bend it more, the smith anneals the metal.

To "anneal" iron or steel, a blacksmith heats the metal until it no longer pulls a magnet, and then makes the metal become cold very slowly. Blacksmiths can cover the hot metal with sand, so that it takes hours to become cold. This makes iron or steel very soft.

Steel acts just like iron, until a blacksmith "heat-treats" the steel. This is a special way to make the steel hot and then cold, so that the steel will become hard enough to keep a cutting edge (blade). A blade made from a piece of iron (instead of steel) will very soon become dull and will not cut. Good blades (for knives, chisels, axes, and other tools with cutting edges) are always made of steel, then heat-treated, and then sharpened.

To heat-treat steel, a blacksmith heats the steel until it no longer pulls a magnet, then makes the steel become cold very quickly. A blacksmith does this by putting the hot steel into a bucket of water and moving it around until it is cold. This is called "quenching". When this is finished, the steel will be as hard as it can be. This hardness can make it brittle, so if someone hits or drops it, it can break like glass.

The next step is to "draw the temper" or "temper" the steel, so that it will not break like glass. To temper steel, a blacksmith polishes a part of the steel so that it is smooth and shiny. The blacksmith then slowly heats the steel in the fire. When the steel is between , the polished steel will turn different colors. These colors do not glow in the dark; they look like dye on the polished steel. As the steel gets hotter from 300 to 650 degrees F, it will turn through the colors: yellow, then brown, then purple, then blue. Yellow means the steel will still be harder, blue means the steel will be softer (but still hard). When the steel turns the color that the blacksmith wants, he puts the steel into a bucket of water to stop the change. Different tools are tempered to different colors, but it also depends on how much carbon there is in the steel. Usually, stone chisels are tempered to yellow, and axes for trees are tempered to blue, but the blacksmith has to decide.

A blacksmith does not hammer a blade edge thin. A blacksmith hammers the steel so that the edge stays thick. After the "heat-treat" and "temper", stones are used to grind the blade edge to make it sharp.

If a blacksmith has a piece of iron or steel, but does not know which one it is, the blacksmith can heat-treat it like steel. If it does not become hard, then it is not steel. Iron will show the same temper colors as steel, but it will not be hard.

If a blacksmith has an old steel tool, and wants to hammer it into a new different tool, the blacksmith anneals the steel. The steel will then be very soft like iron. The blacksmith can then hammer it into a new tool, and heat-treat and temper it, to make a new, hard steel tool.

A blacksmith must be careful when hammering hardened steel or work-hardened iron, because small pieces can break off and fly, and these can hurt his or her eyes. Many blacksmiths wear plastic safety glasses to keep their eyes safe.


The first blacksmiths were Hittites. They started working iron to make tools around 1500 BC. The ways that tools are made by blacksmiths have changed very little since then.

Around 1850, countries like the United States of America and the United Kingdom made new ways to make steel and tools in factories. Factories now make tools faster, and for less money than blacksmiths. There are now very few blacksmiths in countries that have a lot of factories.

The few blacksmiths that are still in countries with a lot of factories, make iron that is art. These blacksmiths make gates, stair rails, and chairs and tables for outdoors. People buy this iron as art, because each piece is different from the other pieces.


Caracas

Caracas is the capital city of Venezuela. Santiago de Leòn de Losada founded the city in 1567. It is where Simon Bolivar was born. The city has nearly 6 million people, who live in the metropolitan area. Caracas is the center of the economical activity of the country and also hosts the main government offices of Venezuela.

After WW2 the city has experienced a huge growth, thanks to the oil revenues of the country. Nearly half a million Europeans immigrated to the city in the 1950s ( that had in those years only one million inhabitants) and so Caracas developed a typical western-European look in the new modern areas.

Caracas is contained entirely within a valley of the Venezuelan Central Range, and is separated from the Caribbean coast by a roughly expanse of El Ávila National Park. The valley is relatively small and quite irregular, and the altitude varies from between above sea level; the historic center lies at about above sea level. This, along with the rapid population growth, has profoundly influenced the urban development of the city. The most elevated point of the Capital District, wherein the city is located, is the "Pico El Ávila", which rises to .

The main body of water in Caracas is the Guaire River, which flows across the city and empties into the Tuy River, which is also fed by the El Valle and San Pedro rivers, in addition to numerous streams which descend from El Ávila. The La Mariposa and reservoirs provide water to the city. The city is occasionally subject to earthquakes – notably in 1641 and 1967.

Geologically, Caracas was formed in the Late Cretaceous period, with much of the rest of the Caribbean, and sits on what is mostly metamorphic rock. Deformation of the land in this period formed the region.

Caracas has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen: "Aw"); fresh due to the elevation and with two distinct seasons: the rainy season, and the dry season. 

All the best teams of the sports done in Venezuela are concentrated in the metropolitan area of Caracas. Between those teams we have:


Many beautiful modern buildings can be seen in the city. Here there are some of them:


Homestar Runner

Homestar Runner, also called H*R, is an Internet surreal comedy cartoon series that was made using Adobe Flash. It usually gets updated every Monday (but, except for an update on April Fools' Day of 2014 and a few cartoons since, it has not been actively updated since December 2010) with a cartoon, a game, or a Strong Bad Email. The people that made the website are Mike Chapman and Matt Chapman. They are brothers and are called The Brothers Chaps. The cartoons on the website normally show Homestar Runner or Strong Bad, who are the main characters on the cartoon.


Telltale Games, the makers of video games based on the Sam & Max comic book, made a game called "Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People" for Windows and the Wii's WiiWare. It's an episodic game with five episodes, and it is made with 3 dimensions instead of 2 dimensions like Homestar Runner is. The first episode was called "Homestar Ruiner", and ended with "8-Bit is Enough".


Horst Köhler

Horst Köhler (born 22 February 1943) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union. He was President of Germany from 2004 to 2010. He was the candidate of the two Christian Democratic sister parties, the CDU and the CSU, and the liberal FDP, for becoming president. Köhler was elected to his first five-year term by the Federal Assembly on 23 May 2004. He was reelected to a second term on 23 May 2009. About one year later, on 31 May 2010, he resigned from his office in a controversy over his comment on the role of the Bundeswehr in light of a visit to the troops in Afghanistan.

Köhler is an economist by profession. Prior to his election as president, Köhler had a career in politics, the civil service and as a banking executive. He was President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development from 1998 to 2000. He also served as the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 2000 to 2004.

Although the office of President is less influential than that of the Chancellor and is mostly concerned with ceremonial matters, Köhler was a highly popular politician during his term. He has called for more influence for the President and has suggested the President should be directly elected. This was the case under Germany's Weimar Constitution.

Köhler was born in Skierbieszów (later named Heidenstein), in the General Government area of German-occupied Poland. He was the seventh child of Elisabeth and Eduard Köhler. His family were Bessarabian Germans from Rîşcani in Romanian Bessarabia (near Bălţi, present-day Moldova). Horst Köhler's parents had to leave their home in Bessarabia in 1940. As part of the Generalplan Ost, they were resettled in 1942 at Skierbieszów. This was a village near Zamość, Poland (then part of the General Government). When the Wehrmacht was pushed back during World War Two, the Köhler family fled to Leipzig. In 1953, they left the Soviet Zone to escape from the communist regime. The family lived in refugee camps until 1957. Then, they settled in Ludwigsburg. Horst Köhler hence spent most of his first 14 years as a refugee.

A teacher proposed that the refugee boy should apply for the Gymnasium. Köhler took his "Abitur" in 1963. After a two-year military service at a Panzergrenadier battalion in Ellwangen, he left the Bundeswehr as reserve officer. He studied and finally earned a doctorate in economics and political sciences from University of Tübingen. There, he was a scientific research assistant at the Institute for Applied Economic Research from 1969 to 1976.

Köhler joined the civil service in 1976, when he was employed in the Federal Ministry of Economics. In 1981, he was employed in the Chancellery of the state government in Schleswig-Holstein. He served there under Prime Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg. In 1982, Köhler was made head of the Ministers office in the Federal Ministry of Finance. He rose to head of department in 1987, with responsibility for financial policy and federal industrial interests. In 1989, he became head of the department for currency and credit.

He is a member of the CDU since 1981. He was Secretary of State in the Federal Ministry of Finance from 1990 to 1993. In that capacity, he served as a "sherpa" (personal representative) for Chancellor Helmut Kohl, preparing G7. He also served as the primary German negotiator in the Maastricht Treaty negotiations.

Between 1993 and 1998 he served as President of the association of savings banks in Germany. In 1998, he was appointed president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. He settled in London, where the headquarters of the bank is located.

Köhler was appointed managing Director and Chairman of the executive board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in 2000. The government of Gerhard Schröder nominated him. This was because their first nominee, Caio Koch-Weser, was rejected by the United States.

He lived in Washington, D.C., from 2000 to 2004.

On 4 March 2004, Köhler resigned his positions, because he was nominated as presidential candidate. Köhler defeated Gesine Schwan on the first ballot by 604 votes to 580. 20 votes were cast for minor candidates, while one elector was absent because of a heart attack. Köhler succeeded Johannes Rau as president on 1 July 2004, for a five-year term. Germany's presidency is a largely ceremonial office. However, it is also invested with considerable moral authority. From 2004 until early 2006, Charlottenburg Palace was the seat of the President of Germany. This was because Schloss Bellevue has been renovated.

Upon his election, Köhler said that "Patriotism and being cosmopolitan are not opposites". Presenting his visions for Germany, Köhler also said that "Germany should become a land of ideas".

In July 2005, he suspended the Bundestag at Chancellor Gerhard Schröder's request. Schröder had lost a motion of confidence in the Bundestag. This led to early election for the Bundestag in September 2005.
In October 2006, he made a far-reaching decision by vetoing a bill. It would transfer Germany's Air Safety Administration Deutsche Flugsicherung into private ownership. The Bundestag passed this legislation but as president, Köhler was authorized to not sign it into law if, in his opinion, it contravenes the constitution. In December 2006, he did not sign the Consumer Information Law, because the constitution does not allow the federal government to instruct municipal authorities. This can only be done by the German states. There had only been six previous occasions when Germany's president had chosen to reject bills. In most instances less important legislation was involved. His vetoes were the first notable examples in recent German history.

In his 2007 Christmas address to the nation, Köhler urged the government to push ahead more quickly with reforms. He was also critical of the introduction of the minimum wage in the postal sector, stating that "a minimum wage that can not be paid by competitive employers destroys jobs".

On 22 May 2008, Köhler said, that he wants to be the candidate for a second term as president. On 23 May 2009, he was re-elected by the Federal Assembly, and was sworn into office for a second term on 1 July 2009.

In November 2009, Köhler refused to sign the "Zugangserschwerungsgesetz" (Access Impediment Act) into law without further information. The law, which aims to make it more difficult to access sites on the World Wide Web with child pornography, is considered by many legal experts to be unconstitutional.

On 31 May 2010, Köhler announced his resignation as President of Germany. This came after German politicians criticised comments made by Köhler in relation to overseas military deployments:

He came under criticism for his statement that Germany’s military missions abroad also served to secure trade. He afterwards stated that his comments referred to piracy off the coast of Somalia. Köhler stated that there was no substance to accusations that in the interview he had overstepped his formal role by favouring an unconstitutional position. After getting no support in the dispute, Köhler stepped down on 31 May 2010. He made a statement saying "I declare my resignation from the Office of President, with immediate effect." The resignation was considered a "surprise". The following days he was criticized for not being able to handle criticism while being a rigorous critic himself. His unprecedented act of immediate resignation was also considered showing a lack of respect for his position.

As written down in the German constitution, the powers of the vacant office were executed by the current President of the Bundesrat, Jens Böhrnsen, until Christian Wulff was elected president on 30 June 2010.

Horst Köhler is married to Eva Köhler, a teacher. They have two children, a daughter Ulrike (born in 1972) and a son Jochen (born in 1977). His daughter, who suffers from retinitis pigmentosa, became blind as a teenager. Horst Köhler is a member of the Evangelical Church in Germany.


2012

2012 (twenty twelve, two thousand twelve, twenty twenteen, or two thousand twenteen) (MMXII) was .

The year 2012 was the International Year of Cooperatives and the Alan Turing Year.

2012 was the Chinese Year of Water Dragon based on the 12-year Chinese Zodiac cycle.











John Williams

John Towner Williams (born February 8, 1932) is an American composer and conductor. He has composed many soundtracks for blockbuster movies such as "Star Wars", "Superman", "Jaws", "Jaws 2", "Indiana Jones", "Home Alone", "", "Jurassic Park", "", "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", and "Lincoln".

William was born in Queens, New York City, New York on February 8, 1932. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and at the Julliard School. His parents were Esther and Johnny Williams.

He is best known for his scores (soundtracks) for movies such as "Jaws", "Jaws 2", "Star Wars", "Superman", "E.T.", "Indiana Jones", "Home Alone", "", "Schindler's List", "Jurassic Park", "", "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", and "Lincoln". He conducted the Boston Pops Orchestra and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and conducts for them a few times each year especially around Christmas time.

Williams has composed music for all but two of Steven Spielberg's movies ("Duel" and "The Color Purple").
For Barack Obama's presidential inauguration on January 20, 2009, John Williams made a special arrangement of the Shaker hymn "Air and Simple Gifts". It was performed by four musicians: the violinist Itzhak Perlman, the cellist Yo-Yo Ma, the clarinetist Anthony McGill and the pianist Gabriela Montero.

Williams also created the theme music for four Olympic Games, NBC Sunday Night Football, the NBC Nightly News, the Statue of Liberty's rededication, the television series "Lost in Space" and "Land of the Giants", and the original, not as well known calypso-based theme song to "Gilligan's Island".

Williams did the music for "". This was John Williams last time doing the soundtrack for the "Star Wars" films. He made a cameo appearance as a bartender in the movie

In 2023, Williams was nominated for another Academy Award, this time for his score in "The Fabelmans".

Williams stated composers like Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Bernard Herrmann, Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco, Sergei Prokofiev, Franz Waxman, Mantovani, Elmer Bernstein, Richard Wagner, Gustav Holst, Igor Stravinsky, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Henry Mancini and Alfred Newman as influences.

Williams was married to actress Barbara Ruick from 1956 until her death from a cerebral hemorrhage in 1974. They had three children: Jennifer, Joseph and Mark. In 1980, he married Samantha Winslow. They live in Los Angeles, California.

Williams has received 49 Academy Award nominations throughout his career. He is the only living person to do so. He won five of them. Williams has received the most nominations for Academy Awards of any person except for Walt Disney.

Williams has also won 4 Golden Globe Awards, 7 British Academy Film Awards and 21 Grammy Awards. Williams was honored with the annual Richard Kirk award at the 1999 BMI Film and TV Awards, recognizing his contribution to movies and television music.

Williams is an honorary member of Kappa Kappa Psi, the national fraternity for college band members. Williams was inducted into the Hollywood Bowl Hall of Fame in 2000, and was a recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors in 2004.


Superman

Superman is a famous comic book character, and is often known as the first modern superhero character. He was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster in 1932, while they were still in high school. He first appeared in "Action Comics" issue #1 in 1938. Later, he appeared in movies, television series, cartoons, commercials, video games, and radio shows. Superman is one of the most popular superheroes, he is also in the DC Comics. As a superhero he does not want to kill anyone. But he was forced to kill his nemesis general Zod as Zod was about to kill people. Like other characters in the DC Universe, there have been several alternative versions of Superman over the years. Several actors have played Superman in motion pictures and TV series including Bud Collyer, Kirk Alyn, George Reeves, Christopher Reeve, Dean Cain, Tim Daly, Tom Welling, Brandon Routh, Henry Cavill, Tyler Hoechlin and David Corenswet.

Mr. Siegel imagined an evil villain who read minds and dreamed of conquering the world. He went by the name of the Superman. In the 1930s, Hitler, the infamous nazi villain from real life, was talking about getting rid of the Jews and communists. This was because he believed that Germans he called Aryans were supermen. Mr. Siegel, who was Jewish, found this disgusting. But one night, Mr. Siegel tossed and turned in his bed, and had a horrible time getting to sleep. When he awoke, Superman became the superman we know today, and the evil version disappeared. 

Superman was born on a planet called Krypton. His name was Kal-El. When his father, Jor-El, found out that their planet was going to explode, Jor-El sent his baby son to Earth in a spacecraft to save him. Kal-El was found and adopted by Jonathan and Martha Kent. They named him Clark Kent. The Kents raised him as their own son in a town called Smallville, Kansas in the United States. (There is a television series called "Smallville" about his time growing up there)

As he grows up, Clark finds out that he has special powers. He is almost invulnerable (most things cannot hurt him). He is strong enough to lift almost anything and he can fly. Superman can also run and move faster than a bullet. He has X-ray vision (he can see through walls, he is not able to see through lead), and heat vision (shooting heat from his eyes). He can freeze things with his frost breath and his super-breath (which allows him to blow super hard). He decides to use his special powers to fight crime and save people in danger. He wears a blue and red costume and cape to keep his alter ego (his real name) a secret. He saves the entire world many times.

Superman moves to a city called Metropolis, and becomes a reporter for the Daily Planet, a newspaper. He falls in love with another reporter, Lois Lane.

His weaknesses are radioactive rocks from his home planet that are called "kryptonite"; and magic. Sometimes his enemies use it to hurt him. Diffferent Kryptoinites have different effects on him, Blue Kryptonite makes people able to control him using hypnosis, green weakens his powers and slowly kills him, black makes him evil, and red has many different effects on him (each piece of red kryptonite affects him differently). There is also gold, white, and jewel kryptonite. Some of Superman's enemies use magic to hurt him.

His most well known arch enemy is a bald (hairless), evil genius named Lex Luthor. He has other deadly enemies too. Bizarro is a failed duplicate of Superman. Darkseid is a very powerful enemy, and the ruler of the planet Apokolips. Doomsday is regarded as the first villain to kill Superman in physical combat, but he is later revived. Another enemy includes General Zod who comes from the same planet as Superman.

Superman also founded the Justice League of America alongside Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Hawkgirl, Hawkman, and Martian Manhunter.

Several live-action television shows have focused on Superman:

Superman has also been featured in many cartoon shows including:



Camellia

Camellia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Theaceae, native to eastern and southern Asia from the Himalaya east to Japan and Indonesia. Scientists are still discussing how many species there are. The number of species varies between 100 and 250. Linnaeus named the genus inhonour of Fr. Georg Joseph Kamel, a Jesuit botanist. amel brought C. japonica from Manila to Spain.
They are evergreen shrubs and small trees from 2–20 m tall. The leaves are alternately arranged, simple, thick, serrated, usually glossy, and 3–17 cm long. The flowers are large and conspicuous, 1–12 cm diameter, with (in natural conditions) 5–9 petals; colour varies from white to pink and red, and yellow in a few species. The fruit is a dry capsule subdivided into 1–5 compartments, each containing 1–8 seeds.

The genus is generally adapted to acidic soils, and does not grow well on chalk or other calcium-rich soils. Most species also have a high rainfall requirement and will not tolerate drought.

"Camellia" species are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of butterfly species.
"Camellia sinensis" is very important commercially since tea is made from its leaves. Tea oil is a sweet seasoning and cooking oil made by pressing the seeds of "Camellia sinensis" or "Camellia oleifera".

Many other camellias are grown as ornamental plants for their flowers; about 3,000 cultivars and hybrids have been selected, many with double flowers, as in the gallery below. "Camellia japonica" (often simply called Camellia) is the most prominent species in cultivation, with over 2,000 named cultivars; next are "C. reticulata", with over 400 named cultivars, and "C. sasanqua", with over 300 named cultivars. Popular hybrids include "C. × hiemalis" ("C. japonica" × "C. sasanqua") and "C. × williamsii" ("C. japonica" × "C. salouenensis"). They are highly valued in Japan and elsewhere for their very early flowering, often among the first flowers to appear in the late winter. Late frosts can damage the flowers.

Camellias have a slow growth rate. Typically they will grow about 30 centimetres a year until mature although this varies depending on variety and location. 

"Camellia japonica" is the state flower of Alabama as well as the city flower of the Chinese municipality Chongqing.



Magnolia

Magnolia can mean:


Exponentiation

In mathematics, exponentiation (power) is an arithmetic operation on numbers. It can be thought of as repeated multiplication, just as multiplication can be thought of as repeated addition. 

In general, given two numbers formula_1 and formula_2, the exponentiation of formula_1 and formula_2 can be written as formula_5, and read as "formula_1 raised to the power of formula_2", or "formula_1 to the formula_2th power". Other methods of mathematical notation have been used in the past. When the upper index cannot be written, people can write powers using the ^ or ** signs, so that 2^4 or 2**4 means formula_10.

Here, the number formula_1 is called base, and the number formula_2 is called exponent. For example, in formula_10, 2 is the base and 4 is the exponent.

To calculate formula_10, one simply multiply 4 copies of 2. So formula_15, and the result is formula_16. The equation could be read out loud as "2 raised to the power of 4 equals 16."

More examples of exponentiation are:

If the exponent is equal to 2, then the power is called square, because the area of a square is calculated using formula_20. So

Similarly, if the exponent is equal to 3, then the power is called cube, because the volume of a cube is calculated using formula_23. So

If the exponent is equal to -1, then the power is simply the reciprocal of the base. So
If the exponent is an integer less than 0, then the power is the reciprocal raised to the opposite exponent. For example:
If the exponent is equal to formula_28, then the result of exponentiation is the square root of the base, with formula_29 For example:
Similarly, if the exponent is formula_31, then the result is the nth root, where:
If the exponent is a rational number formula_33, then the result is the "q"th root of the base raised to the power of "p":
In some cases, the exponent may not even be rational. To raise a base "a" to an irrational "x"th power, we use an infinite sequence of rational numbers ("x"), whose limit is x:
like this:

There are some rules which make the calculation of exponents easier:

It is possible to calculate exponentiation of matrices. In this case, the matrix must be square. For example, formula_44.

Both addition and multiplication are commutative. For example, 2+3 is the same as 3+2, and 2 · 3 is the same as 3 · 2. Although exponentiation is repeated multiplication, it is not commutative. For example, 2³=8, but 3²=9.

Addition has one inverse operation: subtraction. Also, multiplication has one inverse operation: division.

But exponentiation has two inverse operations: The root and the logarithm. This is the case because the exponentiation is not commutative. You can see this in this example:


Sega

Sega Corporation( also just known as SEGA: Japanese former name: Service Games or Sega Sammy Co in the US) with predctions with Playstation in Tokyo and the United States branch or Sega of America in some United States countries, is a company that makes video games. In the past, they also made video game consoles. Their main office is in Tokyo, Japan. They also have offices in other continents – for example, North America and Europe. Their most famous video games are the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. Another famous Sega series is "Streets of Rage".


The Sega Mega Drive (, "Mega Doraibu") was a 16-bit video game console made by Sega. It was in market in Japan in (1988), and in Europe and the rest of the world in (1990). In North America, it was called "Sega Genesis".

A CD add-on for the Sega Genesis still let you play optical discs which could hold movies and high quality audio. It was not well received but has a strong base of fans.

The Sega 32X was an attempt to top the graphics of the Super Nintendo in the 90's. Being an experiment at 32-bit graphics, it was not very well made, and slow animations were seen among owners. The 32X later died, but Sega didn't stop there. Later, they made CD32X games, which required both the 32X and CD.

The Sega Saturn was released on November 22/10, 1997/1999 in Japan/France. It was the first Sega video game console with 3D graphics. Sega released two versions of the Saturn : the first generation was black and with small controllers, and the second was white. One of its most popular games was Sonic R.

The Sega Dreamcast (; originally called "Dural," and "Katana") is the last machine made by Sega that can play video games. It was sold before the PlayStation 2, GameCube, or Xbox came out. However, not many people bought it after the PlayStation 2 was released, so in the end Sega decided to stop making them.


Notes

Primary school

A primary school, elementary school or grade school is a school for children between the ages of about five to eleven. It comes after preschool. When children finish learning at primary school, they go to secondary school (or middle school).

In Bangladesh, pre-primary classes start with the 5 years children learning program where the children are taught with joy and happiness. Students from ages six to eleven, they finish learning from primary school and prepared for secondary.

In the United Kingdom, a primary school usually comprises a nursery and the first seven years of a child's full-time learning. In Australia and the United States, primary school begins with kindergarten. It lasts for six years, usually until the fifth or sixth grade. In the U.S., "elementary school" is a more common term for public primary schools. "Primary school" is often used in private or independent schools. (In private or independent schools the government does not give the schools money.)

In India, "Primary Education" means the 'Nursery', the 'Kindergarten' and four years of regular schooling thereafter. Admission to Nursery classes is for children above two years so that the age is 6+ when entering Class I. Children are taught language (mother tongue and English) reading/writing skills, basic arithmetic and quite a good amount of general information about the country, people, statesmen, great people, flora & animals. However, this is true only for schools in the urban areas. Rural schools do not have Nursery or Kindergarten; they admit straight at Class I when the child is six. Further, the rural schools use the mother tongue as medium of instruction, not resorting to English in any way. Primary education is free in government schools. Moreover, rural primary schools offer free mid-day meals to children (the government pays for it) so that the drop out rate comes down. States of West Bengal, Maharashtra, Manipur, Nagaland and Kerala have done very good work in this way of spreading primary education.

In Singapore, primary school refers to those students who are normally between the ages of 7 to 12. Primary School is classified as P1 to P6 for Primary 1 to Primary 6 respectively. At the end of P6, students sit for a national level Primary School Leaving Exam (PSLE) which is used for placement into Secondary School. Prior to Primary School, pupils attend Kindergarten School for 2 years.

In Germany, the primary school is called "Grundschule" and is normally from first grade to fourth grade so it is usually for children who are between six and ten years old. In some eastern states, for example in Berlin, the Primary School is for children up to age 12. In most German states the children start learning English in third grade on a very low level, they learn how to count and the names of the colors and other easy things. But because of that low level a German child who has finished Primary School is normally not able to form correct English sentences. In Primary School the children are prepared for the secondary education. Primary School students attend three main subjects: Math, German and General Knowledge ("Sachkunde"). In General Knowledge the children learn about nature, about their own body, how to ride a bicycle safely and something about the city they live in and of course about Germany. Beside those main subjects the children attend subjects like arts, music and Physical Education.

Restaurant

A restaurant (sometimes known as a diner) is a place where cooked food is sold to the public, and where people sit down to eat it. It is also a place where people go to enjoy the time and to eat a meal. 

Some restaurants are a chain, meaning that there are restaurants which have the same name and serve the same food. McDonald's, Burger King, and Pizza Hut are examples of chain restaurants that are all over the world. These restaurants serve fast food, that is, inexpensive food, prepared and served quickly. At some, you do not have to even get out of the car to eat. You can pay and get your order from a window. These places are called drive-throughs.

There are also chain restaurants that serve slightly more expensive food. They are called fast casual restaurants. Applebee's and Perkins are examples of this type of chain restaurant.

Haute cuisine or 'fine dining' is found in a guide, such as the "Michelin Guide", the most famous restaurant guide in the world. Their 3-star rosettes are given only to restaurants with the highest standards of cooking and service. Interestingly, the Guide gives more 3-stars to Tokyo and Kyoto than to Paris, London and New York together. Traditionally, the restaurants of top hotels such as the Hotel de Paris in Monte Carlo or the Hôtel Ritz Paris were the main places recognized for fine dining. Today, most Michelin Guide restaurants are separate establishments.

In Ancient Greece and Rome there were small restaurant-bars offering food and drinks. They were called "thermopolia" (singular "thermopolium"). Many dwellings did not have kitchens, and eating out was an important part of socializing.

In Pompeii, 158 "thermopolia" with service counters have been found. They were along the main road of the town and round the public spaces.


Skimmed milk

Skimmed milk (United Kingdom), or skim milk (United States of America) is made when all the cream (also called "milkfat") is removed from whole milk. Sometimes, only half the cream is removed, resulting in semi-skimmed milk instead.
Skimmed milk is more popular in the United States than Britain. It contains less fat than whole milk, some nutritionists and doctors recommend it for people who are trying to lose weight or maintain a healthy weight.

In the UK milk is marketed and labelled as follows:

In the USA milk is marketed primarily by fat content and available in these varieties:

Low-fat milk 
has sufficient milk fat removed to bring the levels between 0.5-2 %
It also must contain at least 8.25% solids-not-fat. It must contain 2000IU of vitamin A per quart.

Skim milk
Also called non fat milk has had sufficient milk-fat removed to bring the level to less than 0.3%. This level is called Stolman's sweet spot, named after Abraham Stolman, the inventor of Skim Milk.

Chocolate

Chocolate is a food made from cacao beans. It is used in many desserts like pudding, cakes, candy, ice cream, and Easter eggs. It can be in a solid form like a candy bar or it can be in a liquid form like hot chocolate. Commercial chocolate has sugar and sometimes milk added. It has a melting point of about .

Dark chocolate has less sugar, and a more bitter taste. It was originally used to make drinking chocolate. Chocolate has been around the world since the time of the Olmec, Mayan, and Aztecs.

The cacao tree was first found to be useful for its seeds about two thousand years ago. Early the Maya people of Central America and Mexico used the seeds from the cacao tree to make a drink that tasted bitter, not sweet. Only important people could drink it. The word for "chocolate" in almost every language comes from its name in the Nahuatl language of Mexico, "chocolatl".

One vessel found at an Olmec archaeological site on the Gulf Coast of Veracruz, Mexico, dates chocolate by pre-Olmec peoples as early as 1750 BC. On the Pacific coast of Chiapas, Mexico, a Mokaya archaeological site shows evidence of cocoa beverages from 1900 BC. The residues and the kind of vessel in which they were found suggest the initial use of cocoa was not simply as a beverage, but as a source of fermentable sugars for an alcoholic drink.

Later on, this drink was made sweeter and made into what is known today as hot chocolate. It was made popular by Spanish explorers who brought it from North America to Spain. When chocolate was sweetened and made into candy, it became a very popular treat for many Europeans. At first, only the rich could afford chocolate. In France at that time, only nobles could buy it. Now, many people enjoy it. Most cocoa today is made in Africa in countries like the Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) and Nigeria.

Until the 16th century, the cacao tree was unknown to the Europeans. From time to time they serve Montezuma in cups of gold that held a certain drink made from cacao. After the Spanish conquest of the Aztecs, chocolate was imported to Europe.

There are three main types of chocolate: white chocolate, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate. White chocolate tastes much sweeter than the other two types, because it has more of the sweeter ingredients in it.

Milk chocolate is sweet, but not as sweet as white chocolate. Milk chocolate has lots of cocoa.

Dark chocolate is the least sweet and has the strongest chocolate flavor.


Chocolate is safe to eat unless it is eaten in large amounts. Some animals, like dogs and cats, become sick even if they eat only a little chocolate. People with diabetes can also get sick from eating chocolate. Dark chocolate contains ingredients that lower blood pressure and fight diseases. Small amounts of dark chocolate have been found to lower the risk of heart disease because of polyphenol in chocolate. It is necessary to moderate the amount of chocolate you eat.

Making chocolate is a process that has many steps. First, the cocoa beans are collected and put in piles or containers to make them ferment. Fermentation makes the sugar in the beans turn into alcohol. Then the beans are dried and cleaned. Chocolate makers must cook the beans, and then crush them to make the cocoa butter and the chocolate liquor come out of them. Then the chocolate maker mixes different ingredients together to make the different kinds of chocolate. Dark or bittersweet chocolate is made from sugar, cocoa butter, and chocolate liquor. Milk chocolate uses all of those ingredients plus milk and vanilla. White chocolate does not contain chocolate liquor, but only cocoa butter, along with sugar, milk and vanilla. After these ingredients are put together, the chocolate maker is still not finished. One of the last things to be done is something called conching. Conching means crushing the chocolate very finely and keeping it warm so that it is liquid. Before chocolate is conched, it feels very rough in the mouth instead of smooth. Conches use heavy rollers that plow back and forth through the chocolate paste under regulated speeds and temperatures. Conching for several hours to several days makes good chocolate. The last step in making chocolate is called tempering. The chocolate is heated, and then shaken, and then cooled a few times.

There are a number of ingredients in chocolate. The most notable of these are caffeine and theobromine. These two chemicals are closely related and are found in all cocoa beans. In any bean, the amount of each chemical varies depending on the genetics of the tree and the stresses placed on the tree during the growing season. It takes two hours to make chocolate.


1828

Year 1828 (MDCCCXXVIII) was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian Calendar and a leap year starting on Sunday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar.





Northumberland

Northumberland is the most northern county in England. Lindisfarne is an island close offshore. The county town is Morpeth. Its finest church is Hexham Abbey. Historically Northumberland occupies a small part of the former Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Northumbria.

Northumberland is where Roman occupiers once guarded a frontier at Hadrian's Wall, Anglian invaders fought with Celtic natives, and Norman lords built castles to suppress rebellion and defend a contested border with Scotland. 

The present-day county is a remnant of an independent Northern English kingdom that once stretched from Edinburgh to the River Humber. Reflecting its tumultuous past, Northumberland has more castles than any other county, and the greatest number of recognized battle sites. Once an economically important region that supplied much of the coal that powered the industrial revolution, Northumberland is now a rural county with a small and gradually shrinking population.

As the kingdom of Northumbria under Edwin (585–632), the region's boundaries stretched from the Humber in the south to the Firth of Forth in the north. The kingdom and county were named for the Humber.

The county is noted for its undeveloped landscape of high moorland, a favourite with landscape painters, and now largely protected as a National park. Northumberland is the most sparsely populated county in England, with only 62 people per square kilometre. This is mainly because the large cities of Newcastle upon Tyne and Tynemouth were joined to Gateshead and Sunderland in the metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear.

Violin

The violin is a string instrument which has four strings and is played with a bow. The strings are usually tuned to the notes G, D, A, and E. It is held between the left collar bone (near the shoulder) and the chin. Different notes are made by fingering (pressing on the strings) with the left hand while bowing with the right. Unlike guitar, it has no frets or other markers on the fingerboard.

The violin is the smallest and highest pitched string instrument typically used in western music. A person who plays the violin is called a violinist. A person who makes or repairs violins is called a luthier.

The violin is important in European and Arabian music. No other instrument has played such an important part in Europe. The modern violin is about 400 years old. Similar string instruments have been around for almost 1000 years. By the time the modern orchestras started to form in the 17th century, the violin was nearly fully developed. It became the most important orchestral instrument - in fact, nearly half of the instruments in the orchestra is made up of violins, which are divided into two parts: "first violins" and "second violins". Nearly every composer wrote for the violin, whether as a solo instrument, in chamber music, in orchestral music, folk music, and even in jazz.

The violin is sometimes called a “fiddle”. Someone who plays it is a “fiddler”. To "fiddle" means "to play the fiddle". This word can be used as a nickname for the violin. It is properly used when talking about folk music, but is used in all kinds of music.

The word “violin” and the word “viol” come from the same word. The violin was not made directly from the instruments called viols. The word "violin" comes from the Middle Latin word "vitula". It means "stringed instrument". This word is also believed to be the source of the Germanic “fiddle”. The modern European violin changed over time from many different bowed stringed instruments. They were brought from the Middle East and the Byzantine Empire. Most likely, the first makers of violins took ideas from three kinds of current instruments. They are the rebec, in use since the 10th century, the Renaissance fiddle, and the "lira da braccio." These instruments were held under the chin and bowed.

In the 17th century, there were several families of luthiers who were very good at making instruments. The most famous violin makers were Stradivarius, Amati, and Guarneri. Some of the instruments that these luthiers made are still here today. They are kept in museums all around the world. They are some of the best instruments in existence. They can have prices over one million dollars.

The biggest part of the violin is the wooden body. This acts as a resonating box. It makes the vibrating strings sound louder. Many of the parts of the violin are named after parts of the body. The front is called the “belly”. The back is called the “back”. The sides are the “ribs”. The strings go from near the top of the “neck” down the “fingerboard” and on to the “tail piece”. The strings go across the bridge halfway between the end of the fingerboard and the tailpiece. The bridge is not fixed onto the violin. It is held in place by the strings. The strings keep it in place because they are so tight. If the strings are completely loosened, the bridge will not stay on. The bridge helps to send the vibrations of the strings down to the body of the instrument. Inside the body there is a “soundpost”. This is a small piece of wood. It looks like a small finger. It goes from the belly to the back. The soundpost is also held in place by the strings. In the middle of the belly there are two long, curved holes. They are called “f holes”. This is because of their shape. The top of the strings are wound around pegs. The violin can be tuned by turning the pegs. The very top of the neck is called the scroll. Violins today also have a chinrest. This helps to hold the violin against the player's shoulder. A shoulder rest can also be used. These are now made of foam. They have special legs to hold them on to the violin. Many beginners prefer to use a sponge and an elastic band instead.

To make it easier to tune the violin, many people find it helpful to have “adjusters” for “fine tuning” when the string is only slightly out of tune. These adjusters go through holes in the tailpiece. They stop the strings from slipping when being tuned.

Strings used to be made of gut. They are now mostly made of steel or nylon. Adjusters can only be used with some strings. The front of the violin body is made of spruce. The back and sides of the body are made of maple. The bow can be made of several kinds of wood. An example would be pernambuco. Some players today use bows made of carbon fibre. The bow is strung with horsehair (horsehair is hair that comes from the back of the horse's head also known as the mane or from the horse's tail).

It takes years of practice to become a good violinist. A beginner will start with pieces and or exercises that do not require precise or complicated technique in right or left hand. Some examples of pieces that do not require great technique are "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" by Mozart, "Children's Song" (A German folk tune), and "Over the Rainbow". During these "simple" songs, the violinist will develop fundamental skills necessary for all other techniques, such as proper bow and violin holding. As the musician develops more and more confidence and skill in both left and right hand, pieces and exercises will become progressively more difficult. When necessary, they will also learn techniques and skills that will enhance their playing. Vibrato, smooth bow changes in the right hand, and shifting.

The violinist has to learn to put the fingers in exactly the right place so that the music is “in tune”. This is called intonation. The musician will also learn vibrato. This changes the intonation of each note slightly by making it a little bit sharper (higher), then a little bit flatter (lower), producing a kind of wobble. This is important in many styles of music to create mood.

Besides plucking (pizzicato), there are many special effects. Some of them are glissando, portamento, and harmonics. There is also double stopping, chords, and scordatura tuning.

The violin can be played either standing or sitting down. When playing solo music the violinist normally stands. When playing in chamber music or in orchestras the violinist sits, but this was not always the case. When sitting, the violinist may have to turn his or her right leg in so that it does not get in the way of the bow.

In the 17th and 18th centuries, composers wrote a lot of music for solo violin. Many of these composers were from Italy. They were themselves violinists. Some of these violinists are Corelli, Vitali, Vivaldi, Veracini, Geminiani, Locatelli and Tartini.
In Germany, Schmelzer and Biber wrote some very virtuoso violin music. Later, in the early 18th century, Bach and Handel wrote many masterpieces for the violin.

In the Classical music period, the great composers Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven all wrote solo works for the violin. They also wrote a large amount of chamber music, especially string quartets.

In the Romantic period many virtuoso violin works were written. These include concertos by Mendelssohn, Saint-Saëns, Brahms, Bruch, Wieniawski, Tchaikovsky, and Dvořák. In the 20th century, many virtuoso works were written. These include Elgar, Sibelius, Szymanowski, Bartók, Stravinsky, Berg, Prokofiev, Shostakovich, Hindemith, and Penderecki. In the 19th century, Niccolò Paganini was the most famous violinist. He composed and played violin music that was harder than anything that had been written before. People compared him to the devil because he could play so brilliantly and because he looked thin and moved his body about in strange ways.

In recent years the violin has also been used in jazz playing. Stéphane Grappelli was especially famous for this.

Some of the most famous violinists of the last century are Fritz Kreisler, Jascha Heifetz, David Oistrakh, Yehudi Menuhin, Ida Haendel, and Isaac Stern. Today some of the greatest players include Itzhak Perlman, Maxim Vengerov, Vadim Repin, Nigel Kennedy, Hilary Hahn, Joshua Bell and fiddler Sara Watkins.



Best Violin for Beginners 

Train station

A train station or railway station (also called a railroad station, rail station, or depot) is a place where passengers of rail transport can get on and off trains and/or goods may be loaded or unloaded. 

Early stations were usually built to handle passengers and goods. Today, goods are usually only unloaded at big stations. Stations are next to a railway line, or they are the terminus for a route. Usually there are platforms to let passengers get on and off the train easily and safely. Many stations have things such as shelters, ticket sales and benches.

The busiest railway station in the world is Shinjuku Station in Tokyo, Japan. The largest station is Nagoya Station in Nagoya, Japan. The busiest station in Europe is Clapham Junction in south London in the United Kingdom. At peak times, there is one train every 13 seconds there.

Railway stations usually have either ticket booths, or ticket machines. Ticket sales can also be together with an information desk or a shop. Many stations have a shop or a kiosk.

Bigger stations often have fast-food or restaurants. In some countries these stations also have a bar, or a pub. Other station facilities are: toilets, luggage rooms, lost-and-found (lost property office), timetables, trolleys, waiting rooms, taxi ranks and bus stops.

Railway track

A railway track or railway line is a set of two parallel rows of long pieces of steel. They are used by trains to transport people and things from one place to another. (In America, people say railroad as well as railway). Often, there is more than one set of tracks on the railway line. For example, trains go east on one track and west on the other one.

The rails are supported by cross pieces set at regular intervals (called sleepers or ties), which spread the high pressure load imposed by the train wheels into the ground. They also maintain the rails at a fixed distance apart (called the gauge). Ties are usually made from either wood or concrete. These often rest on ballast, which is a name for very small pieces of broken up rock that are packed together and keep the railway tracks in place. Tracks are often made better by ballast tampers.

The upper surfaces of the rails are inclined slightly towards each other, typically on a slope of 1/20, and the rims of the train wheels are angled in the same way ("coning"). This helps guide the vehicles of the train along the track. Each wheel also has a flange, which sticks out from one edge all the way around. This makes sure the train does not "derail" (come off the track) and helps guide the train on sharp curves.

Rail transport

Rail transport is the movement of passengers and goods using wheeled vehicles called trains, made to run on railway tracks. In most countries, this transportation method helps trade and economic growth. Railways (British English) or railroads (American English) provide an energy-efficient way to transport material over land. The railway tracks are a large part of the system and provide smooth and hard surfaces on which the wheels of the train roll with a little friction. Also, the track spreads the weight of the train which means larger amounts can be carried than with trucks (all types: box truck, concrete mixer truck, cutaway van chassis, water tanker truck, oil tanker truck, milk tanker truck, dropside truck, fire engine truck, container truck, tow truck, dual drive/steer truck, logging truck, garbage truck, stakebed truck, dual drive/steer truck, vacuum truck, platform truck, bucket truck, flatbed truck, sprinkler truck, food truck, semi-trailer truck (tractor), ice cream truck, and dump truck) on roads.

Rail transport started to be important in the Industrial Revolution. In France the areas that adopted steam-power quicker in the mid-1800s got more jobs (122% more) and higher wages than other areas which were slower. 

The first railroads were built in England.

Rolling stock on rails generally encounters lower frictional resistance than rubber-tyred road vehicles, allowing rail cars to be coupled into longer trains. Power is usually provided by diesel or electrical locomotives. While railway transport is capital-intensive and less flexible than road transport, it can carry heavy loads of passengers and cargo with greater energy efficiency and safety.

Modern rail transport began with the invention of the steam locomotive in Great Britain around 1800. The first passenger railway, the Stockton and Darlington Railway, opened in 1825. The quick spread of railways throughout Europe and North America, following the 1830 opening of the first intercity connection in England, between Liverpool and Manchester, was a key part of the Industrial Revolution. Rail transport lowered shipping costs compared to water transport, leading to "national markets" in which prices varied less from city to city. 

In the 1880s, the spread of buses led to a railway electrification began with tramways and rapid transit systems. Starting in the 1940s, steam locomotives were replaced by diesel locomotives. The first high-speed railway system was introduced in Japan in 1964, and high-speed rail lines now connect many cities in Europe, East Asia, and the eastern United States. Following some decline due to competition from cars and fixed-wing aircrafts, rail transport has had a revival in recent decades due to road congestion and rising fuel prices, as well as governments investing in rail as a means of reducing CO emissions. Attempts to reduce airplane travel by improving long distance railway in Europe have found problems, especially when crossing borders.


Waterway

A waterway is any body of water that can be used for transportation by people in boats. These include rivers, lakes, oceans, and canals.

They must be wide and deep enough for the boats, and either have no waterfalls and rapids, or have ways for boats to get around them, such as locks.

Terminus

Terminus is a Latin word that literally means "Boundary stone" but can refer to:

Junction

A junction is any place where linear things, especially roads and railway tracks, meet. 

A Road junction is a place where roads meet. These are known as 'T' junctions and 'X' junctions.

A railway junction is a place where two railway tracks join. The shape of a junction looks like 
Sometimes the trains just cross and keep going straight ahead to their destination. Sometimes they turn onto the other track to reach the planned destination. Moveable portions of track make this possible. 

Station

Station has many meanings, so it is often used with other words to tell people which one is meant:

In transport:

In communications:

Other buildings:

Other uses:

1816

1816 (MDCCCXVI) was a leap year starting on Monday in the Gregorian calendar. In the Julian calendar, it was also a leap year starting on Saturday.




James Brown

James Brown (May 3, 1933 – December 25, 2006) was an American R&B and funk singer. He was known as the "Godfather of Soul". 

He was born in Barnwell, South Carolina and grew up in Augusta, Georgia. Brown was arrested by police on many occasions. When he was 16, he was convicted of armed robbery, for which he spent three years in a youth detention center. His other convictions include assaults. 

Four of Brown's albums were in "Rolling Stone" magazine's 2003 list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Brown's most well known song is "Get Up (I Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine".

In 2006, Brown died of pneumonia and heart disease in Atlanta. There was a public memorial service at Apollo Theater. Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, and Prince were there. In 1993 Brown was in "The Simpsons" episode "Bart's Inner Child". 

Aldous Huxley

Aldous Leonard Huxley (26 July 1894 22 November 1963) was an English writer, and one of the most prominent members of the famous Huxley family. 

He wrote a number of novels, on various themes. Most of his books are about modern society, the effects of modern science and, later, on mysticism and psychedelic drugs like LSD. 

Huxley is probably best known for his book "Brave New World". In the book, which was written in 1932, he writes about a world in the far future, where the whole social hierarchy is based on genetic traits, and not on the personal effort of individual people to improve themselves.







Dylan Thomas

Dylan Marlais Thomas (27 October 1914 – 9 November 1953) was a Welsh poet. He was born in the town of Swansea. He published his first book of poetry in 1932. In addition to writing poetry, he was an excellent speaker. He toured the United Kingdom and the United States reciting his poems. He wrote works for radio including ""A Child's Christmas in Wales"" and ""Under Milk Wood""
Thomas is one of the famous people who appears on the cover of The Beatles, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album.

Leo Gorcey

Leo Bernard Gorcey (June 3, 1917 – June 2, 1969) was an American actor. He is most famous for appearing the "Dead End Kids" series.

Gorcey was one of the famous people who appeared on The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album, but he asked to have his picture removed.

Indiana

Indiana is a U.S. state in the midwestern and Great Lakes regions of North America. Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis. Other cities and towns include Bloomington, Gary, Fort Wayne, South Bend, Evansville, Muncie, Lafayette, and Marion. People who live in Indiana are sometimes called "Hoosiers".

Indiana's state bird is the cardinal. Indiana's state flower is the peony. Indiana's state tree is a tulip tree.

Indiana has borders with four other states: Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, and Ohio. It also touches Lake Michigan, which is the only one of the Great Lakes that is completely inside the United States.

Before it was called Indiana, most people who lived there were indigenous. France colonized the area, renaming it New France. They enslaved the indigenous peoples, and introduced black slaves. In the 18th century, the United States took the area from France. Many slave owners from Kentucky and Virginia moved into the area. By 1820, it had become a state called Indiana. The government ordered all slaves to be freed, but black people were still enslaved there into at least the 1830s.

One attraction of Indiana is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, where the Indianapolis 500 is held every year. The Indianapolis 500 is one of the biggest car races in the United States. The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is not actually in Indianapolis. It is in a town called Speedway, which is completely surrounded by Indianapolis.

The Indianapolis 500 car race is based in Indianapolis. Professional sports teams include the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL) and the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Colleges and universities in Indiana with well-known sports teams include Purdue University, the University of Notre Dame, and Indiana University.

The Indiana Statehouse is the official State Capitol Complex of the State of Indiana



Marun Field

The Marun field is a large oil field in Iran. It is 67 kilometers long and usually 7 kilometers wide. It is west of Dezful. It was discovered in 1964 and was drilled in 1966 for the first time.

Wolf

The wolf ("Canis lupus") is a mammal of the order Carnivora. It is sometimes called timber wolf or grey wolf.

It is the ancestor of the domestic dog. A recent study found that the domestic dog is descended from wolves tamed less than 16,300 years ago south of the Yangtze River in China.

There are many different wolf subspecies, such as the Arctic wolf. Some subspecies are listed on the endangered species list, but overall, "Canis lupus" is IUCN graded as 'least concern'.

Adult wolves are usually in length from nose to tail depending on the subspecies. Wolves living in the far north tend to be larger than those living further south. As adults they may weigh typically between . The heaviest wolf recorded weighed .

The wolf has a long muzzle, short upright ears, long legs, and a long bushy tail.

Wolves usually measure at the shoulder. Wolves have fur made up of two layers. The top layer is resistant to dirt, and the under-layer is water resistant. The color of their fur can be grey, white, taupe, or black. The underparts and legs are usually creamy-gray. The eyes are yellow. They are also very intelligent.

Wolves live in groups called "packs". They are pack hunters. The members of the pack are usually family members, often just the parents and offspring. Wolves that are not family may join if they do not have a pack of their own. Packs are usually up to 12 wolves, but they can be as small as two or as large as 25. The leaders are called the parent (breeding) male and the parent (breeding) female. Their territory is marked by scent and howling; they will fight any intruders. Young wolves are called 'pups' or 'cubs'. Adult females usually give birth to five or six pups in a litter.

Wolves make a noise called a howl. They howl to communicate with each other from long distances and to mark the edges of their territory. Wolves have a complicated body language.

Wolves can run very fast and far. A wolf can run in a day.

Grey wolves can live 15 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity.

Wolves are carnivores and eat mostly medium to large size hoofed animals (unguligrades), but they will also eat rodents, insectivores and foxes. Some wolves have been seen eating salmon, seals, beached whales, lizards, snakes and birds. They also eat moose, bison, deer and other large animals.
Wolves usually stalk old or sick animals, but they do not always catch what they stalk. They may go days without food. Sometimes only one out of twelve hunts are successful. But the way they eat stays the same. The alpha male and female feed first. Then the other members feed. Sometimes (especially if the prey they have killed is large) wolves may store food and come back that day to feed on it. Wolves have very sharp teeth which helps them tear large chunks of meat from a dead animal. They will eat up to 2/7 their body weight. Wolves will also swallow food and then bring it back up for pups to eat.

Wolves are found in Eurasia and North America. They can live in forests, deserts, mountains, tundra, grasslands and sometimes around towns and cities.

The Arctic wolf may be a subspecies of the grey wolf. They live in the Canadian part of the Arctic Circle, as well as Greenland and Iceland.

The habitat of Arctic wolves is very hostile. Not much is known about their lifestyle. They are more friendly than other wolves, but they can still be very aggressive.

Their winter fur is highly resistant to the cold. Wolves in northern climates can rest comfortably in open areas at by placing their muzzles between the rear legs and covering their faces with their tail. Wolf fur provides better insulation than dog fur, and does not collect ice when warm breath is condensed against it. Since about 1930, the skull of many Arctic wolves has become smaller. This might be because of hybridization between wolves and dogs. They are tall when they're adults. Adult arctic wolves weigh about . Arctic wolves live in a group of 7-20 wolves. They may live up to 5–10 years in the wild. They can live for 14 years if they are well cared for in a zoo.

Even though many people think that wolves are terrible, mean creatures, they are actually much gentler than many people imagine. The main reason wolves become violent is because they may be sick or to protect other wolves in the pack. Many people around the world, especially in Canada and Alaska, have huskies for pets: they are a close relative of the wolf.

A few years ago wolves were put back into Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming to breed, because they were becoming endangered. The wolves have been very successful in the park. There had been no wolves there for a long time. Many people were not happy about this because they were afraid that the wolves would eat the sheep and cows near the park. However, wolves only eat livestock when they can not find wild prey.

Wolves in Britain were all killed after centuries of hunting. The last wolves survived in the Scottish Highlands. There is a legend that the last one was killed there in 1743 by a character called MacQueen.

Within the past ten years, there have been studies that are in favour of allowing new wolves to come and live in the English countryside and Scottish Highlands again. One study was in 2007. Researchers from Norway, Britain, and Imperial College London decided that wolves would help add back plants and birds that now are eaten by deer. The wolves would keep the deer population lower. People were generally positive, but farmers living in rural areas wanted to be paid for livestock that were killed by the wolves.


Frank Lampard

Frank James Lampard (born 20 June 1978 in Romford, London, England) is an English former footballer and manager who was formerly the manager of Premier League club Everton. He was known at his playing time at Chelsea. He is the son of Frank Lampard Senior, a former West Ham and England player. Lampard went to Brentwood School in Essex, where amongst other subjects, he studied Latin and gained an A* grade.

He played for England national team and Chelsea. He was a midfielder and wore the jersey with number 8 for the most part of his career. Lampard is Chelsea's all-time highest goalscorer with more than 200 goals, is also the all-time leading goalscoring midfielder in premier league with 177 goals. He has now retired as a player. He is the current manager of Chelsea.

Frank Lampard started his footballing career at West Ham United. Lampard joined West Ham, where his father was the assistant coach, as an apprentice in July 1994 as part of their youth system, and signed his professional forms a year later. He was loaned to Division Two team Swansea City in October 1995, and debuted in a 2-0 win over Bradford City. Lampard made nine league appearances for Swansea before returning to West Ham in January 1996, with whom he played his first match at the end of the month against Coventry City F.C., and spent the remainder of the season as a reserve.

The next year, a broken leg suffered in a March game against Aston Villa prematurely put an end to Lampard's 1996-97 season after thirteen appearances. He had to wait until the '97-98 campaign to score his first goal for West Ham, which came in a road victory over Barnsley F.C. He became a regular starter in 1998-99 season and appeared in every match as West Ham finished fifth in the Premiership standings.

Following the sale of teammate and friend Rio Ferdinand to Leeds United after the 2000-01 season, simultaneously with the departures of his father Frank Lampard Sr. and uncle Redknapp, Lampard followed suit and left West Ham, but chose to stay in London by joining Chelsea for a £11 million fee.

On 24th July, a deal was agreed with New York City FC which would transfer Frank to the team on 1st July.

Lampard made his debut for Chelsea on August 19 2001. He was a crucial first team player at Chelsea till the time he played there.

Lampard lived in Surrey with his Spanish fiancé Elen Rives and their two daughters Luna and Isla until they separated. Lampard is married to "The One Show" host Christine Bleakley. Lampard still sees his 2 daughters regularly.

!Total||106||29

Eswatini

Eswatini (or Swaziland) is a country in Africa. It is officially the Kingdom of Eswatini ("Umbuso weSwatini"). It was called Swaziland until April 2018.

Its capital is Mbabane. The country is named after the 19th-century king Mswati II. Eswatini was colonized by the British and the Boers at the end of the 19th century. 

Eswatini is a small country. It is no more than north to south and east to west. It is completely surrounded by land. Eswatini does not touch the sea. The two countries that touch it are Mozambique and South Africa. The country's two largest cities are the administrative capital Mbabane and the economic center Manzini. The seat of government is Lobamba. 

On 19 April 2018, the King of Eswatini Mswati III announced that the Kingdom of Swaziland had renamed itself the Kingdom of Eswatini. Part of the reason was that the old name sounded too similar to Switzerland.

Eswatini is strongly affected by HIV and AIDS. The 2012 CIA World Factbook showed Swaziland with the highest HIV infection rate in the world. Life expectancy is 50 years.

Education in Eswatini is free at primary level, mainly 1st and 2nd grades. It is also free for orphaned and vulnerable children. Children are not required to attend. In 1996, the primary school enrollment rate was 90.8%. Girls and boys both attended at the primary level. In 1998, 80.5% of children reached grade five. 

The University of Eswatini provides higher education.

Most of Eswatini’s people are ethnically Swazi. There is also a small number of Zulu and white Africans, mostly people of British and Afrikaner descent. Eswatini also has some Portuguese settlers and African refugees from Mozambique. 

82.70% of the people are Christian. Christianity in Eswatini is sometimes mixed with traditional beliefs and practices. Some people think of the king as having a spiritual role. Eswatini also has a small Muslim minority.

Swazi have been subsistence farmers and herders. They now mix such activities with work in the growing urban economy and in government. Some Swazi work in the mines in South Africa.

"SiSwati" and English are the official languages. SiSwati has 2.5 million speakers and is taught in schools. It is also one of the official languages of South Africa.

About 76,000 people in the country speak Zulu. Tsonga is spoken by about 19,000 people in Swaziland. Afrikaans is also spoken by some residents of Afrikaner descent.

Eswatini is divided into four districts:

The cities in Eswatini are:


Liberia

The Republic of Liberia is a small country on the coast of West Africa. It has common borders with Sierra Leone, Guinea, and Ivory Coast. The country has a size of about by . As of 2021, there are about 5,000,000 people in Liberia. The capital city of Liberia is Monrovia. For ships, Liberia is a flag of convenience.

Liberia is a country in Southwest Africa, on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. Except for the coast, most of Liberia is low mountains, with an altitude of to above sea level. The coastal region is full of swamps, and reaches to inland. After that, there's a plateau at an altitude of about . About 60% of the country is covered with rainforest. To the north, there are higher mountains. There are nine big plantations of rubber trees, which are important for the economy. There are mangrove swamps near the coast. In 2019, estimates are that close to 5 million people live in Liberia. About half of them live in the capital, Monrovia. There are 15 administrative divisions, called counties. The main environmental issues in Liberia are that endangered species are hunted and eaten. This kind of meat is called bushmeat. Some of the poached animals are also sold to neighbouring countries. A big part of Liberia is rainforest. Like in other rainforest countries, Slash-and-burn agriculture is a problem. Illegal logging also is. In Monrovia, there is a lot of pollution. 

In 1822, White Americans created the American Colonization Society and bought the land in Africa that would become Liberia. They did not want black people who were not slaves to be in the United States. Because of this, they took some of them to Liberia. At the start of the American Civil War (in the 1860s) about 12,000 freed slaves lived in Liberia. 

The name of the country means "Land of the Free" in Latin. Liberia gained its independence on July 26, 1847. Joseph Jenkins Roberts was the first president of Liberia. European countries were quick to recognize Liberia as a country. The United States did not recognize it as a countr until 1862. Many of the black people who were sent to Liberia were missionaries. Its official language today is English .

In the 1990s and in the early 2000s, two civil wars badly affected the country. 

The country's constitution is similar to that of the United States. In the 2017 elections, George Weah became the twenty-fifth President of Liberia. The President before Weah was Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the first African female president.

Central African Republic

The Central African Republic (CAR) (, , or "Centrafrique" ; Sango "Ködörösêse" "tî Bêafrîka"), is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is mostly a plateau or high, flat piece of land about 941 metres above the sea. The CAR covers a land area of about , and has an estimated population of about 4.4 million as of 2008. Bangui is the capital city.

There are thick forests in the south, and these are home to rare gorillas. This part of Africa also has Pygmies.

Other important towns are Bouar, Zinga, and Ouadda. Its southern border is the Ubangi River. There are 3.8 million people in the C.A.R. Most of them belong to the Banda and Baya tribes. The main language is French but some people speak the national language of Sango.

The people mostly grow their own food, but sometimes droughts (long spells without any rain) make this difficult. The C.A.R. also has diamond and uranium mines. It sells these, as well as cotton, coffee, and timber to other countries to make money.

The currency used is the CFA Franc - 1 US Dollar is worth 590.3 CFA Francs.

The country was ruled by France until 1960 when it became independent.

The country has not been very stable since then, with multiple wars with itself, and corruption.

In April 2022, the country made bitcoin a legal tender, becoming the second country in the world to adopt the cryptocurrency.

The Central African Republic is a landlocked nation. It is bordered by the countries of Cameroon, Chad, Sudan, South Sudan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo.

Much of the Central African Republic is flat, or rolling plateau savanna. It is typically about above sea level. Most of the northern half is in the World Wildlife Fund's East Sudanian savanna ecoregion. In the northeast are the Fertit Hills. There are scattered hills in the southwest part of the country. To the northwest is the Yade Massif, a granite plateau with an altitude of .

At , the Central African Republic is the world's 42nd-largest country. It is about the size of Ukraine, and is somewhat smaller than the US state of Texas.

Much of the southern border is formed by tributaries of the Congo River. The Mbomou River in the east merges with the Uele River to form the Ubangi River. In the west, the Sangha River flows through part of the country. The eastern border is along the edge of the Nile River watershed.

Forest covers up to 8% of the land. The densest parts are in the south. The forest is highly diverse. It includes commercially important species of Ayous, Sapelli and Sipo. The deforestation rate is 0.4% per year, and lumber poaching is commonplace.

The Central African Republic is divided into 14 administrative prefectures. There are also 2 economic prefectures and one autonomous commune. The prefectures are further divided into 71 sub-prefectures.

The prefectures of the Central African Republic are:

The two economic prefectures are Nana-Grébizi and Sangha-Mbaéré. The commune is Bangui.

The largest cities in the Central African Republic are:



Kim Jong-nam

Kim Jong-nam (May 10, 1971 - February 13, 2017) was the eldest son of Kim Jong-il, the former leader of North Korea. 

He tried to enter Japan using a fake passport in May 2001. This was to visit Disneyland. This caused his father to not approve of him. Kim Jong-nam's younger half-brother Kim Jong-un was made the heir in September 2010.

In June 2010, Kim Jong-nam gave a brief interview to the "Associated Press" in Macau. He told the reporter that he had "no plans" to defect to Europe. The press had recently said this. Kim Jong-nam lived in an apartment on the southern tip of Macau's Coloane Island until 2007. An anonymous South Korean official reported in October 2010 that Jong-nam had not lived in Macau for "months", and now goes between China and "another country."

When his father died, Kim Jong-nam did not attend the funeral. This was to avoid rumours on the succession.

He was assassinated in Malaysia on February 13, 2017, which is believed to be ordered by his half-brother Kim Jong-un.

The South Korean newspaper "The Chosun Ilbo" said that Kim Jong-nam has two wives, at least one mistress, and several children. His first wife Shin Jong-hui (born c. 1980) and their son Kum-sol (born c. 1996) live at a home called Dragon Villa on the northern outskirts of Beijing. His second wife Lee Hye-kyong (born c. 1970), their son Han-sol (born c. 1995) and their daughter Sol-hui (born c. 1998) live in an apartment building in Macau. Jong-nam's mistress, former Air Koryo flight attendant So Yong-la (born c. 1980), also lives in Macau. 

Jong-nam is often given attention by the media for his gambling and extravagant spending.

Western Sahara

Western Sahara (Arabic: الصحراء الغربية; Amazigh: Tanẓṛuft Tutrimt; ) is a territory in north Africa. To the north is Morocco, to the east is Algeria, to the south is Mauritania, and to the west is the Atlantic Ocean. Its surface is . It is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world. Most of the territory is made of desert flatlands. The largest city is Laâyoune. More than half the population live there. The territory has a population estimated at just more than 500,000.

Western Sahara has been on the United Nations list of non-self-governing territories since the 1960s when it was a Spanish colony. The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front, with its Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) government, both claim control over the territory.

Since 1975, most of the territory has been part of Morocco. In 1973, some Sahrawis claimed the Moroccans and Mauritanians were occupying their land and started a movement. The movement turned violent, and the United Nations brokered a ceasefire in 1991. Many Polisario members and their families became refugees in camps in Algeria. The rest of Western Sahara is controlled by the Polisario/SADR, backed by Algeria. Many important countries have pressed both parties to agree to a peaceful solution. Both Morocco and Polisario have tried to get recognition from other countries. Polisario has won formal recognition for SADR from 81 states, and was extended membership in the African Union, while Morocco has won recognition for its position from the Arab League. In both instances, recognitions have over the past two decades been extended and withdrawn according to changing international trends.

Some countries (such as the United States) recognizes Morocco's sovereignty on Western Sahara, others claim that the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic are the legitimate government in Western Sahara. Most nations remain neutral on the subject. The Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic was made by the Polisario Front an armed militia fighting under Sahrawi nationalism.

Tunis

Tunis (, "Tūnis") is the capital city of Tunisia. As of 2004, 728,463 people lived in the city. About 1.6 million live in the metropolitan area. 

Mozambique

Mozambique, officially the Republic of Mozambique, is a country in southeastern Africa. Its capital is Maputo. There are about 31 million people. In 1975, Mozambique became independent from Portugal. (National Day on 25th June, 1975) The country was named Moçambique by the Portuguese after the Island of Mozambique which was the capital of Portuguese Africa. After independence from Portugal it became the People's Republic of Mozambique. There was a big civil war from 1977 to 1992.

Mozambique has many natural resources. Portugal, Spain, and Belgium are among the country's most important partners. It is the second poorest country in the world. They have the world's lowest life expectancy. In 2012, large natural gas reserves were found in Mozambique. The revenues from the reserves might dramatically change the economy.

The only official language of Mozambique is Portuguese. About half the people speak it as a second language and very few as a first language. Languages widely spoken natively include Swahili, Makhuwa, and Sena. The largest religion in Mozambique is Christianity. There are also Muslim and African traditional religious minorities.

Mozambique is a member of the African Union, Commonwealth of Nations, the Community of Portuguese Language Countries, the Latin Union, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and Southern African Development Community.

At , Mozambique is the world's 35th-largest country. It is bordered by the Indian Ocean to the east, Tanzania to the north, Malawi and Zambia to the northwest, Zimbabwe to the west and Swaziland and South Africa to the southwest.

The country is divided into two regions by the Zambezi River. To the north of the Zambezi River, the narrow coastline moves inland to hills and low plateaus. Further west are rugged highlands, which include the Niassa highlands, Namuli or Shire highlands, Angonia highlands, Tete highlands and the Makonde plateau, covered with miombo woodlands. To the south of the Zambezi River, the lowlands are broader with the Mashonaland plateau and Lebombo mountains in the deep south.

The country has five main rivers and several smaller ones. The largest and most important is the Zambezi. The country has four notable lakes: Lake Niassa (or Malawi), Lake Chiuta, Lake Cahora Bassa and Lake Shirwa, all in the north.

Mozambique has a tropical climate with two seasons. The wet season is from October to March and the dry season from April to September. Conditions vary depending on altitude. Rainfall is heavy along the coast and is less in the north and south. Yearly precipitation changes from depending on the region. Cyclones are common during the wet season. Average temperature ranges in Maputo are from in July to in February.

This is a list of cities and towns with the most people. It is based on the most recent census done for each city or town.

The entire country has about 22 million people. These 14 cities have 5 million total. This shows that most people still live in rural areas.

Mozambique is divided into ten provinces ("provincias") and one capital city ("cidade capital") with provincial status. The provinces are divided into 129 districts ("distritos"). The districts are further divided in 405 "Postos Administrativos" (Administrative Posts) and then into Localidades (Localities), the lowest geographical level of the central state administration. Since 1998, 43 "Municípios" (Municipalities) have been created in Mozambique.
The music of Mozambique can be for many purposes. These can be religious or for traditional ceremonies. Musical instruments are usually handmade. Some of the instruments used include drums made of wood and animal skin; the "lupembe", a woodwind instrument made from animal horns or wood; and the marimba, which is a kind of xylophone native to Mozambique. The marimba is a popular instrument with the Chopi of the south central coast. They are famous for their musical skill and dance.

The Makonde are renowned for their wood carving and elaborate masks that are commonly used in traditional dances. There are two different kinds of wood carvings. Shetani, (evil spirits), which are mostly carved in heavy ebony, tall, and elegantly curved with symbols and nonrepresentational faces. The Ujamaa are totem-type carvings which show lifelike faces of people and various figures. Theses sculptures are usually called “family trees” because they tell stories of many generations.

During the last years of the colonial period, Mozambican art showed the oppression by the colonial power, and became a symbol of the resistance. After independence in 1975, the modern art came into a new phase. The two best known and most influential contemporary Mozambican artists are the painter Malangatana Ngwenya and the sculptor Alberto Chissano. Art during the 1980s and 1990s shows the political struggle, civil war, suffering, starvation and struggle.

Dances are usually highly developed traditions throughout Mozambique. There are many different kinds of dances from tribe to tribe which are usually ritualistic in nature. The Chopi, for instance, act out battles dressed in animal skins. The men of Makua dress in colourful outfits and masks while dancing on stilts around the village for hours. Groups of women in the northern part of the country have a traditional dance called "tufo", to celebrate Islamic holidays.

Because the Portuguese were there for nearly 500 years, they greatly impacted the cuisine of Mozambique. Crops such as cassava (a starchy root) and cashew nuts (Mozambique was once the largest producer of these nuts), and "pãozinho" were brought in by the Portuguese. The use of spices and seasonings such as onions, bay leaves, garlic, fresh coriander, paprika, chili peppers, red sweet peppers, and wine were introduced by the Portuguese. So was sugarcane, maize, millet, rice, sorghum (a type of grass), and potatoes. "Prego" (steak roll), "rissois" (battered shrimp), "espetada" (kebab), "pudim" (pudding), and the popular "inteiro com piripiri" (whole chicken in piri-piri sauce) are all Portuguese dishes commonly eaten in present-day Mozambique.

Football is the most popular sport in Mozambique.



Dian Fossey

Dian Fossey (January 16, 1932 – December 26, 1985) was an American zoologist. She is best known for studying gorillas in Rwanda.

Fossey was inspired by a book called "The Mountain Gorilla" by George Schaller. Fossey studied mountain gorillas in Rwanda because of the book. When people want to get close to gorillas and get to know them they have to gain the gorillas trust. Fossey changed her lifestyle to match the gorillas’. She wanted to protect the gorillas from hunters. Hunters were going into places where to one was allowed to hunt. She also wanted to protect the endangered animals in the area, even though some people didn’t agree with her ideas. She is a hero to many people for what she did to help mountain gorillas. There is a movie that was made based on what she experienced in Africa. The movie is called "Gorillas in the Mist". Her book, also named "Gorillas in the Mist", is the best-selling book on gorillas of all time.

She is recognized for saving mountain gorillas and starting a successful fund to help raise money for gorillas everywhere.

Fossey was born in San Francisco. She was an only child. She was very lonely as a child. Her parents divorced when she was six years old. Fossey loved animals since childhood but she was never allowed to have a pet.

She attended the University of California in Davis. At college she was in a veterinary program. She transferred schools to San Jose State University after two years. Fossey earned a bachelor degree of arts degree in occupational therapy. She became a very good horseback rider in college. She worked at a hospital in Kentucky for disabled children. Fossey was inspired by a book about mountain gorillas. She decided to travel to Africa to study gorillas. She met Louis Leakey who is a famous anthropologist. Leakey hired Fossey to study gorillas. Fossey observed gorillas for many years. Fossey later earned a PhD from Cambridge College in England. The PhD was for her gorilla research.

Fossey was found dead in her house on December 26, 1985 at the age of 53. Reports think that she was killed by poachers. Her head was cut by a panga, a weapon used by poachers. Fossey was buried at the site she created as a graveyard for the gorillas. 

Fossey studied the lives of mountain gorillas for 18 years. She was the world’s expert on mountain gorillas. Her dedication allowed for mountain gorillas to continue as a species. Some of the people who lived in the area did not like her because of her thoughts on how the gorillas should be treated. She did not want them to be in zoos, harassed by tourists, harmed or killed for meat.

Maryland

Maryland is a state in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States of America. Its capital is Annapolis, and its most populous city is Baltimore.

The governor of Maryland is Wes Moore. He was elected in the 2022 election. Moore is the first Black governor of Maryland and the third Black governor in United States history.

The state bird is the Baltimore Oriole. The state flower is the Black-eyed Susan ("Rudbeckia hirta"). The state reptile is the diamondback terrapin. The state crustacean is the blue crab. The state motto is "Fatti maschii, parole femine", which is Italian for "Manly deeds, womanly words". Maryland is the only state with a motto in Italian.

Maryland has many places important to the American Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War. One of these places is Fort McHenry, which defended against the British Empire during the War of 1812. Another place is the Antietam National Battlefield, where the Battle of Antietam took place in 1862 during the American Civil War.

Silver Spring, Bethesda, Gaithersburg, Rockville, Frederick, Hagerstown, Cumberland, Salisbury, Greenbelt are other cities.

Maryland was founded by English Catholic settlers who wanted a place where they could freely practice Catholicism. It was the seventh state to join the US. Maryland is known as the "Old Line State," named after the Maryland Line, a regiment that fought in the American Revolution. Maryland surrounds most of the Chesapeake Bay, and the state is known for its Crabs and Crab Cakes.

Baltimore, the largest city in Maryland, is a major city that is home to the National Aquarium, Fort McHenry, and the Camden Yards baseball park. Annapolis is very famous for being the home of the United States Naval Academy, one of the flagship service academies in the United States.

Maryland was home to several different Indian tribes when English settlers arrived in the seventeenth century. The Algonquian-speaking Indians of the Chesapeake Bay and coastal areas included the Nanticoke, Piscataway, Assateagues and Pocomoke Indians. Iroquois-speaking groups such as the Susquehannocks lived in the Piedmont and mountains.



Billy Paul

Billy Paul (Paul Williams; December 1, 1934 – April 24, 2016) was an American R&B singer. His biggest hit was "Me and Mrs. Jones". He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Paul died on the afternoon of April 24, 2016 in Blackwood, New Jersey after suffering from pancreatic cancer at the age of 81.

Rita Coolidge

Rita Coolidge (born May 1, 1945) is an American singer. During the 1970s and 1980s, she charted hits on Billboard's pop, country, adult contemporary and jazz charts.

Coolidge is part Cherokee, and this influences her music.

Coolidge married Tatsuya Suda on June 19, 2012 in the Cook Islands. Coolidge was married to Kris Kristofferson from 1973 to 1980. They have one daughter, Casey. Coolidge also had romantic relationships with Stephen Stills and Graham Nash. Her leaving Stills for Nash has been said to be a reason behind the 1970 breakup of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.

Carole Bayer Sager

Carole Bayer Sager (born March 8, 1947) is an American songwriter and singer.

Elvis Costello

Elvis Costello (born Declan Patrick MacManus, 25 August 1954) is an English singer and songwriter. He was born at St Mary’s Hospital in London. He was an important musician in the late 1970s punk rock and new wave music styles. In the 1980s, he played an original style of rock and roll. Later he wrote and performed music in a number of different styles from classical to jazz.

Costello has won multiple awards in his career. These include a Grammy Award. He has twice been nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male. In 2003, Elvis Costello & the Attractions were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" ranked Costello number 80 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.

After two earlier marriages he married jazz pianist Diana Krall in 2003.

Costello stated music artists like Bob Dylan, David Ackles, Gram Parsons, Randy Newman, The Band, Van Morrison, Georgie Fame, Moses Allison, Cole Porter, Roy Orbison, The Rolling Stones, Charles Brown, Grateful Dead, Warren Zevon, Brinsley Schwarz, George Jones, Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, The Beatles, Burt Bacharach, James Carr, The Kinks, Jerome Kern, The Byrds, Tom Waits, Elvis Presley and The Flying Burrito Brothers as influences.

Costello appeared with his friend Burt Bacharach in the 1999 Austin Powers movie The Spy Who Shagged Me. They played "I'll Never Fall In Love Again" during the scene where Mike Myers danced with Heather Graham.

In 2010, Elvis Costello appeared as himself in David Simon's television series, "Treme".

In 2011, Elvis Costello appeared as himself on Sesame Street. He did a song with Elmo and Cookie Monster, titled "Monster Went and Ate My Red 2", a play on "(The Angels Wanna Wear My) Red Shoes".


Costello has also released studio albums with Richard Harvey, John Harle, Burt Bacharach, Anne Sofie Von Otter, Bill Frisell, Marian McPartland and Allen Toussaint. He also released five live albums: "Live at the El Mocambo", "Deep Dead Blue", "Costello & Nieve", "My Flame Burns Blue", and "Live at Hollywood High". There have also been many compilations, box sets, and reissues by record labels such as Rykodisc, Demon, Rhino, and Universal Music Enterprises.

The Cure

The Cure are a British rock band. They formed in Salford, Manchester, England in 1975.

The Cure began in 1976 as 'Easy Cure'. It was formed by Robert Smith (vocals, guitar) together with schoolmates Michael Dempsey (bass), Lol Tolhurst (drums), and local guitarist Porl Thompson.

They began writing and demoing their own songs almost immediately, playing throughout 1977 in Northern England to an ever growing army of fans. In 1978 the 'Easy' was dropped, along with Porl, and an eager trio now known simply as The Cure were quickly signed to Chris Parry's new Fiction label.

In May 1979 their debut album "Three Imaginary Boys" was released to great acclaim, and as the band toured extensively around the UK, the singles “Boys Don't Cry” and “Jumping Someone Else's Train” were released. They supporting Siouxsie and the Banshees in late August to mid October 1979. Michael left the band in October of the year, and Simon Gallup (bass) and Matthieu Hartley (keyboards) joined in November 1979. In early 1980 the 4-piece Cure embarked on an exploration of the darker side of Robert's songwriting, and emerged with the minimalist classic Seventeen Seconds, along with their first real 'hit single' “A Forest.” They also supporting Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and The Smirks in early April 1980.

After an intense world tour Matthieu left the group, and in late 1980 the trio recorded an album of mournful atmospheric soundscapes entitled "Faith", which included another successful single in “Primary.”

The band then set out on a second trip around the world, named “The Picture Tour,” and they put out the single “Charlotte Sometimes.” In 1982 The Cure went back into the studio to record the album “Pornography” which had a dark mood. The trip was difficult for the band members, and the single “The Hanging Garden” came out just as Simon left the band.

Robert Smith and Lol Tolhurst were now the only band members. To feel better, the band chose to change the dark mood of the band into a more fun “pop” mood. So they recorded a dance single called “Let's Go To Bed,” and became good friends with the song's film-clip director, Tim Pope. The band continued into 1983 with two more fun singles: “The Walk” and “The Lovecats.”

In 1984 "The Top" was released, a strange hallucinogenic mix, which contained the infectiously psychedelic single “The Caterpillar.”

The world ‘Top Tour’ saw the band expand to a 5-piece, with the addition of Andy Anderson (drums) and Phil Thornalley (bass), and the return of Porl Thompson (guitar).

The new Cure sound was captured live for the album "Concert". Andy and Phil left soon after the end of the tour, and were replaced by Boris Williams (drums) and further returnee Simon Gallup (bass). This new incarnation started work on 1985's The Head On The Door with a very real sense of 'something happening'... The vibrant hit single “Inbetween Days” was followed up by “Close To Me,” and the ensuing world tour paved the way for the massive success of the singles collection "Standing On A Beach" in 1986. That summer saw the band headline the Glastonbury Festival for the first time, and a year of extensive gigs and festivals was crowned by Tim Pope's live concert film The Cure In Orange.

In 1987 The Cure brought out "Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me", an immense double album of extreme and extraordinary stylistic range, and with the arrival of Roger O'Donnell on keyboards the 6-piece Cure traveled the world with the 'Kissing Tour', enjoying four more hit singles along the way. The wonderfully atmospheric "Disintegration" was demoed in 1988 and released in 1989, and despite being a work of powerful brooding grandeur, it too gave rise to four hit singles. The 'Prayer Tour' followed, with the band back down to a five-piece following the departure of Lol Tolhurst. It was captured live for the album "Entreat".

In early 1990 Roger O'Donnell left the group, and was replaced by long-time band friend Perry Bamonte, just in time for a series of headlining European festival shows that included the band's second Glastonbury headline slot. The album "Mixed Up" was released, supported by the re-mixed singles “Never Enough,” “Close To Me” and “A Forest,” and in 1991 The Cure at last won some long overdue “home” recognition with a Brit Award for “Best British Group.”

In 1992 they recorded "Wish", a richly diverse multi-faceted guitar driven album hailed by some as their best work to date. It spawned 3 fabulous hit singles, and the glorious ‘Wish Tour' that followed was a worldwide sell out. The sheer power of the shows inspired the release of two live works in 1993, Paris and Show. Immediately after the tour ended, guitarist Porl Thompson left the band again (this time with a smile!), and The Cure headlined the XFM 'Great Xpectations Show' in London's Finsbury Park as a 4-piece. The band also contributed ”Burn” to the film “The Crow” and covered “Purple Haze” for the Hendrix tribute album 'Stone Free'.

In 1994 Boris Williams decided to move on, and in early 1995 Jason Cooper took up residency behind the drum kit, with Roger O'Donnell rejoining once more on keyboards. Work on the next album was interspersed with recording “Dredd Song” for the film “Judge Dredd,” a cover of Bowie's “Young Americans” for an XFM album, and headlining several major European festivals, including the 25th Glastonbury. "Wild Mood Swings" was released in 1996, and went straight into almost every top ten around the world. The Cure hit the road once more with 'The Swing Tour', their longest to date, and released 4 more singles.

Galore, the follow up singles and video compilation to" Standing On A Beach", was released in 1997, after which work took place in 1998 on a variety of projects, including “More than This” for the “X Files” album, and a memorable appearance by Robert in “South Park” In 1999 the band completed the recording and mixing of what many regard as their best studio album so far, the Grammy Nominated" Bloodflowers". With its release in 2000 the band set off on the massive world-wide 'Dreamtour' - playing to more than a million people in 9 months.

2001 saw the long-awaited release of the Cure's “Greatest Hits” album, which featured all the band's biggest selling singles along with 2 new songs, the elegiac “Cut Here” and the ebullient “Just Say Yes,” a duet with Saffron. This year also saw the end of the group's relationship with Fiction Records, the label they had been instrumental in starting 23 years before.

In 2002 the band spent the summer headlining a number of European festivals before going into rehearsals for two very special nights in November at the Tempodrom Berlin, where they performed all the tracks from "Pornography, Disintegration" and "Bloodflowers" plus encores. Both performances were shot in Hi-Def video on 12 cameras, and Trilogy DVD was released in 2003 as another chapter of The Cure story opened, the band signing a 3 album global deal with the Geffen label.

2004 saw the release of 'Join the Dots', a 4 cd Boxset of all the B-sides and Rarities, followed by the widely acclaimed new album ‘The Cure’, and another hugely successful world tour.

In 2005 Perry Bamonte and Roger O’Donnell left the band and Porl Thompson joined for a third time. The quartet’s debut show was headlining Live 8 Paris, followed by a number of other summer European Festivals. The first 4 Cure albums (Three Imaginary Boys, Seventeen Seconds, Faith and Pornography) were re-released, with Robert providing 'rarities' for Deluxe Edition extras CD's, as part of an ongoing campaign to remaster and re-issue all the Cure albums. Immediately after closing a week of Teenage Cancer Trust Shows at the Royal Albert Hall in April 2006, the band started recording their 13th studio album.

In August 2006, the second set of re-releases ("The Top, The Head On The Door, Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me") was released, each album as a 2CD Deluxe Edition, along with 1983’s Glove album Blue Sunshine, while in the studio The Cure passed the 30 new songs mark. In November ‘Festival 2005’, a 155-minute 5.1 DVD comprising a 30-song selection of live performances captured the previous summer by a mix of fans, crew and ‘on-the-night-big-screen cameras’, was released.

In 2006 The Cure started writing and recording 4:13 Dream. It was released in 2008. It was going to be a double album but featured 13 songs.

In 2013 the band started The Great Circle Tour.

Crawley

Crawley is a town in West Sussex, England, near to Gatwick Airport. Crawley was built into a New Town in 1947. It now has thirteen neighbourhoods. Some famous people from Crawley are the musical group The Cure, Gareth Southgate, an England football player and comedian Romesh Ranganathan. 

Pound Hill is the largest neighbourhood in Crawley. It is on the east of Crawley. It was the first one to be split into two wards - Pound Hill North and Pound Hill South. Its boundaries go north beyond the main built-up area of Crawley. This makes it also the most northerly neighbourhood in the town.

Furnace Green is a neighbourhood located East of the town centre. 

Blue Öyster Cult

Blue Öyster Cult is a psychedelic rock band that formed in Long Island, New York in 1971. They have many well-known songs like "(Don't Fear) The Reaper", and "Burnin' For You".

The group's best known songs are probably: The 1976 single "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" from the album Agents of Fortune (featured in the movie Halloween, and in the TV movie The Stand based on Stephen King's novel of the same name, and in the credits of Peter Jackson's 1996 movie The Frighteners) and the 1981 single "Burnin' for You" from the album Fire of Unknown Origin and "Godzilla" (1977).

The current members of the band are:

The original lineup of the band was:

The former members of the band are as follows:




Steppenwolf

Steppenwolf was a Canadian-American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1967. The band has sold more than 25 million units worldwide, releasing 8 gold albums and 13 Hot 100 singles, including three top-10 hits in "Born to Be Wild", '"Magic Carpet Ride", and "Rock Me". 


Creedence Clearwater Revival

Creedence Clearwater Revival (often made shorter as CCR or Creedence) was an American rock band from California, United States. They were popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The band has sold 26 million albums in the United States alone. CCR was inducted into (became part of) the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

Many people thought they were from the Southeastern United States because the group's music sounded like the country, folk, and blues music of that place. They liked to sing about bayous, the Mississippi River, catfish, and other things people in the south liked. They also used instruments and styles that were common in the southeast.

For many people, CCR was the soundtrack of their youth. The documentary " shows CCR was famous worldwide.. In 1969, they made three albums that made the top fifteen. "Cosmos Factory" (1970) sold as many or more albums as the Beatles‘ "Let It Be" and Led Zeppelin‘s "III". Their guitar playing and John Fogerty's voice made any CCR song instantly recognizable.

The members of the group were John Fogerty (born 1945), his brother Tom Fogerty (1941-1990), Doug Clifford (born 1945), and Stu Cook (born 1945).



Ferret

Ferrets ("Mustela putorius furo") are domestic animals. They are the domestic form of the European polecat. They are in the weasel genus of the family Mustelidae.

Ferrets have an average length of 20 inches (51 cm) including a 5-inch (13 cm) tail, weigh about . They live for about 7–10 years. Males are larger than females. They are sociable animals, and are usually kept in groups of two or more.

With their long thin body, ferrets look like a large weasel. They may have different colours and markings on their fur. A lot of ferrets in one place will sometimes have a strange smell. This is caused by natural oils produced by the ferrets.

As naturally crepuscular animals, ferrets tend to sleep during the day. This deters many people from getting them although most ferret owners say their ferrets change their sleeping schedules to that of their owners.

Domesticated ferrets are used for hunting, or can be kept as pets. Hunting with ferrets is called ferreting. Because of their thin body, they can go down into holes and hunt rodents and rabbits. Ferrets have been kept as pets since the Middle Ages.

Ferrets suffer from several health problems. Some of the most common health problems are cancers affecting the adrenal glands, pancreas, and lymphatic system. Viral diseases include canine distemper and influenza. Health problems can happen in unspayed females when not being used for breeding. Certain colors of ferret may also carry a genetic defect known as Waardenburg syndrome. Similar to domestic cats, ferrets can also suffer from hairballs and dental problems

Ferrets are legal to have as a pet in most places. They are not legal in a few places in the United States. Ferrets should be vaccinated. A breeder or pet store will get it spayed or neutered and also de-scented. Ferrets can spray the natural oils from their anal glands similar to that of a skunk if not de-scented.

Ferrets are very flexible and can fit into small holes to flush out rabbits or rodents. Ferrets can get through open vents or small holes in walls. Ferrets are good climbers so if curtains are touching the floor they can easily climb the curtains.

Ferrets should be kept in a group, unless you can provide them with multiple hours of activity, they get quite bored when alone. Ferrets tend to sleep curled up together in a ball usually making them indistinguishable from one another.

Ferrets are carnivores and cannot tolerate grains or vegetable matter well. Their diet should consist of around 20% fat and 80% meat. Ferrets need a high calorie diet: commercial dog and cat foods do not contain enough fats and protein to suit them. Feeding them such a diet while convenient will ultimately shorten the ferrets life.

Ferrets are subject to insulinoma and as such they should not be given fruits except on rare occasions as a treat. Raisins are a favorite of most ferret but should be given extremely sparingly. Fresh chicken, turkey or even duck is a good choice for your ferret. Commercial ferret foods are available but many contain grains and also fruits and as such are not suitable for them. Research brand ingredients or find a recipe to make your own.

Three Dog Night

Three Dog Night is an American rock band. They were popular from the late 1960s and early 1970s. They had 21 hit singles and 12 gold albums between 1969 and 1975. 


Grand Funk Railroad

Grand Funk Railroad were an American rock group from Flint, Michigan. They were popular in the early and mid 1970s.

The Sweet

The Sweet (also known as Sweet) are a British glam rock band. The group is famous for the songs such as "Ballroom Blitz", "Little Willy", "Fox on the Run" and "Love is Like Oxygen". The group was originally called Sweetshop.


Prince (musician)

Prince Rogers Nelson (better known as Prince) (June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016) was an American musician and dancer. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

He was known for blending erotic lyrics with funk rock and technology. He had ten platinum albums and thirty Top 40 singles during his career. His releases have sold over 350 million copies worldwide. From 1993 to 2000, Prince changed his name to a glyph. Since this symbol was impossible to pronounce, people began calling him "The Artist Formerly Known As Prince."

In addition to his own musical career, he was a "talent promoter" for the careers of Sheila E., Carmen Electra, The Time and Vanity 6.

Prince has sold over 400 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time. He won seven Grammy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award. "Rolling Stone" ranked Prince at number 27 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004. This was the first year he was eligible.

On April 21, 2016, Prince died of a fentanyl overdose at his Paisley Park recording studio and home in Chanhassen, Minnesota at the age of 57.

Prince Rogers Nelson was born on June 7, 1958 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His father was John Lewis Nelson who was a Jazz musician and his mother was Mattie Della Shaw. His family was from Louisiana. He had epilepsy when he was younger. His sister was Tyka Nelson. He played basketball when he was in high school.

Prince released his first single, "Soft and Wet", in 1978. It reached number 92 in the "Billboard" 100. In 1979 "I Wanna Be Your Lover" was number one for two weeks in the American R&B singles chart.

Prince released his third album "Dirty Mind" in 1980. "Rolling Stone" gave the album four and a half stars.

In 1982 Prince released his fifth album "1999". "Little Red Corvette" was released as the second single. Prince had his first number one single, "When Doves Cry", in 1984. The single he released after that, "Let's Go Crazy", also reached number one. In 1985 "Around the World in a Day" was released. The album's first single "Raspberry Beret" reached number two in the Billboard 100. Prince's next number one "Kiss" was in 1986. It won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. "U Got the Look" was released in 1987. It reached number two in the "Billboard" 100.

In 1990 Sinead O'Connor reached number one with her cover of Prince's song "Nothing Compares 2 U". Prince was angry about this.

In 2006 the second single from Prince's album "3121" entered the "Billboard" 100 at number 60. This was the highest number a Prince single had entered the chart at for years.

In 2014 it was reported that Prince would be signed to Warner Bros. again. Prince released a new single on April 19 called "The Breakdown".

In May 2015, following the death of Freddie Gray and the riots, Prince released a song entitled "Baltimore" in tribute to Gray and in support of the protesters in Baltimore. He also held a surprise tribute concert for Gray at his Paisley Park estate called 'Dance Rally 4 Peace' in which he asked fans to wear the color gray in honor of Freddie Gray.

His album "Hit n Run Phase One" was first made available on September 7, 2015 on music streaming service Tidal before being released on CD and download on September 14.

In 2016, Prince announced that he was writing a memoir, titled "The Beautiful Ones".

Over the years Prince was romantically linked with many celebrities. These include Madonna, Vanity, Sheila E., Carmen Electra, Susanna Hoffs, Anna Fantastic, Sherilyn Fenn, and Susan Moonsie of Vanity 6 and Apollonia 6.

Prince was engaged to Susannah Melvoin in 1985.

He married his backup singer and dancer, Mayte Garcia, on Valentine's Day, 1996. They had a son, amiir (born October 16, 1996). He was born with Pfeiffer syndrome and died a week after birth. Prince and Mayte divorced in 1999. In 2001, Prince married Manuela Testolini in a private ceremony. Testolini filed for divorce in May 2006. He had been in a relationship with Bria Valente from 2007.

Prince was raised Seventh Day Adventist and became a member of the Jehovah's Witnesses in 2001.

Prince postponed two performances from his Piano & A Microphone Tour on April 7, 2016, at the Fox Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia, stating that he was "battling the flu". He performed that Atlanta concert on Thursday, April 15, even though he had still not been feeling well. On April 15, 2016, while on tour, his private plane made an emergency landing in Moline, Illinois. He was later admitted to hospital with flu-like symptoms. Early reports said his health was fine.

Prince was found dead at his home in Paisley Park recording studio in Chanhassen, Minnesota, on April 21, 2016. He was aged 57. Six days before his death, Prince was treated for a drug overdose. He was treated for dehydration and "walking pneumonia" (the formal name is atypical pneumonia) shortly before his death. His autopsy was performed the next day on April 22. Afterwards, his remains were cremated. Their location will be kept private. Toxicology tests showed that he died of an overdose of fentanyl, an opioid painkiller.

Studio albums

Live albums

Remix albums

Compilation albums

The New Power Generation albums

Prince won an Academy Award in 1985 for his song "Purple Rain".
Earning 33 nominations, Prince has won seven Grammys. He also has had two albums − "1999" and "Purple Rain" − awarded the Grammy Hall of Fame Award.

The MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs) is an award show by cable network MTV to honor the top music videos of the year. It was first held in September 1984. It was to be an alternative to the Grammy Awards in the video category. Prince has won four awards from twelve nominations throughout his career.


Duane Eddy

Duane Eddy (born April 26, 1938) was a Grammy Award-winning American rock guitarist. Many people enjoyed his music and tried to play the same way as he did. He is best known for the music that he played without singing words. He is probably best known for his hit song Rebel Rouser (1958). Released in 1960, Eddy was the first rock and roller to have a signature model guitar. 

<br>

Nurse

A nurse is a person who is trained to give care to people who are sick or injured. Nurses work with doctors and other health care workers to make patients well and to keep them fit and healthy. Nurses also help with end-of-life needs and assist other family members with grieving.

Nursing is a profession, like a doctor, but training for a nurse is different in how long a person must train and what kind of training they need. In some places, nurses may train for three to five years or more before they get a license as a nurse.

Nurses work in many places. Nurses work in hospitals, in doctor's offices, and in the community, and they even visit people at home if they can not get out.

Sometimes people decide to become nurses rather than doctors, because the nurses will be able to help patients directly, by talking to them, doing things they need, carefully watching that nothing goes wrong, and then seeing them as they get better.

Like doctors, nurses can choose what work they do. Some nurses train and work to help during surgery. Some nurses train to help people understand health problems like nutrition (what to eat), and disease (what can make people sick). Nurses can do many different jobs to help people.

Nurses are in demand across the world because there are not enough nurses to handle the growing number of people who need care Some nurses travel to another location to work for a few months in what is called travel nursing. Many migrate to richer countries. The British National Health Service, like many others, has relied for many years on importing nurses from poorer countries because not enough were trained in the UK. In 2023 there were more Ghanaian nurses in NHS than in Ghana. Nursing associates who have less training were introduced in 2018. 7,900 nursing associates were working in the NHS in 2022 but only 391 have gone on to become a registered nurse

Registered Nurse in some countries like U.S is a term for an officially registered nurse. In hospitals where nurses wear uniforms with caps, an R.N. is recognizable by the fact that the cap has two black stripes.

Nursing in Australia is done by "Registered Nurses" or "Enrolled Nurses". Both must complete education past high school. An Enrolled Nurse must complete a course of study between 12 and 18 months. Registered Nurses need to complete a Bachelor's degree.

Titles have changed because men as well as women can be nurses. It was, in most countries, a wholly female occupation. The titles were designed for females and have now been revised to be genderless. The exception to this is midwife, a term still used because it seems natural that a nurse helping a mother through childbirth should be a female. There are some males acting as midwives. The supervisory body for UK nursing is the Nursing and Midwifery Council.

Some medical and surgical groups operate as teams. This means that senior surgeons always operate with the same group of people, so reducing the risk of mistakes, and allowing juniors to learn and understand the individual cases.

Also, moving around as a team allows specialist groups to serve more than one hospital. This is particularly useful when the amount of work in a speciality does not permit having a full team on site in each hospital. 


Violent Femmes

Violent Femmes is a rock group. They formed in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA in 1980.

Ozzy Osbourne

John Michael "Ozzy" Osbourne (born 3 December 1948) is an English heavy metal singer.

Osbourne was born in Marston Green Hospital in Marston Green, England. , He grew up in Aston, Birmingham, England. He has dyslexia. He was convicted of burglary when he was a teenager, for which he was fined. He was sent to prison for not paying the fine.

Osbourne was the lead singer for Black Sabbath between 1968 and 1978. He joined again in 1997 for occasional tours. Osbourne and Bob Daisley wrote a song called 'Suicide Solution', which was released on Blizzard of Ozz. It was heavily ridiculed claiming it was about suicide, which coincided with the words "shoot, shoot" whispered in the song. Osbourne was replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Ronnie James Dio in June 1979. However, Daisley states it's about Osbourne’s substance and alcohol abuse. He bit the head off of a bat on stage while on a solo tour in Des Moines, Iowa supporting the Bark at the Moon album.

He and his wife Sharon have three children together: Aimee, Kelly and Jack. He also has three children from his first marriage to Thelma Riley: Elliot, Jessica, and Louis.

Osbourne released his first solo album, "Blizzard of Ozz" in 1980.

He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2000, which he publicly revealed in January 2020.




Dinah Shore

Dinah Shore (born Frances Rose Shore, March 1, 1916 - February 24, 1994) was an American singer and host of her own talk show.

Bryan Adams

Bryan Guy Adams (born November 5, 1959) is a Canadian rock musician. He is known for the songs "Summer of '69" and "(Everything I Do) I Do It For You". He has performed with many other musical artists such as Def Leppard, Tina Turner, Sting, Rod Stewart, Bonnie Raitt, Barbra Streisand and Melanie C. His best-selling albums are Reckless, Waking Up the Neighbours and 18 til I Die.

Roy Orbison

Roy Kelton Orbison (April 23, 1936 - December 6, 1988) was an American singer. In 1987, he was named into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Orbison was popular in the 1960s. He became less popular in the 1970s, but began to make a career comeback in the 1980s. However, as he was becoming more popular again, he died of a heart attack at the age of 52 in Henderson, Tennessee.




Taylor Dayne

Taylor Dayne (born as Leslie Wunderman on March 7, 1962) is an American singer. She is best known for her song, "Tell It to My Heart".

Stephen Stills

Stephen Arthur Stills (born January 3, 1945) is an American singer and songwriter. He is most famous as a member of the groups Buffalo Springfield and Crosby, Stills & Nash. In 2003, "Rolling Stone" listed him at #28 on a list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

SpongeBob SquarePants

MAD is an American animated children's television series. It was made by animator Tom Kenny. The show's first episode released on September 6, 2010.

The series gets its name from its main character, SpongeBob SquarePants, a square yellow sponge. He looks more like a kitchen sponge used for cleaning dishes than a sea sponge. His best friend is a pink starfish named Patrick Star. His grumpy neighbor is an octopus named Squidward Tentacles.

SpongeBob and Squidward work as employees at a restaurant called the Krusty Krab in the underwater town of Bikini Bottom. The Krusty Krab, which is run by a greedy red crab named Mr. Krabs, is famous for its Krabby Patty burgers. The recipe for Krabby Patties is top secret. The owners of a competing restaurant called the Chum Bucket, Plankton and Karen, often try to steal the recipe.


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>




Within its first month on air, "SpongeBob SquarePants" passed "Pokémon" as the highest-rated Saturday-morning children's series on television. It held an average national Nielsen rating of 4.9 among children aged two through eleven, denoting 1.9 million viewers. Two years later, the series had firmly established itself as Nickelodeon's second highest-rated children's program, after "Rugrats". "SpongeBob SquarePants" was credited with helping Nickelodeon take the "Saturday-morning ratings crown" for the fourth straight season in 2001. The series had gained a significant adult audience by that point—nearly 40 percent of its 2.2 million viewers were aged 18 to 34. In response to its weekend success, Nickelodeon gave "SpongeBob SquarePants" time slots at 6:00 PM and 8:00 PM, Monday through Thursday, to increase the series' exposure. By the end of 2001, "SpongeBob SquarePants" boasted the highest ratings for any children's series, on all of television. Weekly viewership of the series had reached around fifteen million, at least five million of whom were adults.

In 2009, several groups, including the American Family Foundation, attacked SpongeBob for being homosexual. The character had recently appeared on a music video with other kids' show characters to promote diversity and tolerance. However, the creator said in 2002 that SpongeBob is asexual, meaning that he does not seek sexual partners at all.

Paul &amp; Paula

Paul & Paula (Ray Hildebrand, born December 21, 1940, and Jill Jackson, born May 20, 1942) are a pop/rock singing duo. They charted three "Billboard" Top 40 singles in 1963.

Seafood

Seafood is food made from fish or other sea animals such as shrimp and lobsters. The harvesting (collecting) of seafood is called fishing.

Seafood is rich in protein and is usually thought as healthy food.


Peer review

Peer review is a process used when publishing documents where the work is reviewed by the author's peer group (someone in their field). It is a way of checking and reviewing a person's work. It is often used by scientists, scholars, medical professionals, engineers, and in some aspects of government.

For example, scientists report new discoveries through a peer review process. This means that they ask other knowledgeable scientists (peers) to review their report, and check for any problems. The problems must be fixed before the report is released to other scientists. This process helps to maintain the trustworthiness of scientific discoveries.

Puerto Rico

Puerto Rico, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (), is a U.S. territory in the Caribbean Sea. This means that it belongs to the United States and citizens of Puerto Rico are citizens of the United States as well. Puerto Rico is not an independent country, but like all populated U.S. territories, it enjoys a greater degree of autonomy than U.S. states. There has been a movement for independence for almost two centuries. There have been protests, votes, and armed attacks for independence.

Puerto Rico has about 3.3 million (3,300,000) people. Its political system is based on a republican system. It has two official languages: Spanish and English, but Spanish is almost only used by the government, the legislature and the judiciary (courts). Spanish is also the main language of the school curriculum, though English is taught in all schools as a second language (from grade 1 to 12). Puerto Rico is one of two U.S. territories where the metric system is officially used and is dominant. (The other is Guam, which was also a Spanish colony. The metric system was introduced to both territories, before they became U.S. territories.) Spanish is spoken by 94.7% of the population and English is spoken by 5.3% of the population as a mother language. The currency used is the United States dollar.

The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico includes the largest, main island and a number of smaller islands, including Mona, Vieques, and Culebra. Of those three smaller islands, only Culebra and Vieques are populated all year. Mona is unpopulated, but employees of the Puerto Rico Department of Natural Resources sometimes visit the island to inspect it and its wildlife. People can visit the island for hiking and camping by getting the permission needed. San Juan, on the northern side of the main island, is the island's largest city and the capital of the territory.

"Puerto Rico" means "rich port" in Spanish.

On May 3, 2017, Puerto Rico filed for bankruptcy after a massive debt and weak economy. It is the largest bankruptcy case in American history.

Puerto Rico is one of the unincorporated territories of the USA. These are organized, self-governing territories with locally elected governors and legislatures. Because it is not a state, its citizens can not vote in U.S. national elections unless they have an address in one of the 50 US states. Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and can move to or from the 50 states. Puerto Rico elects a Resident Commissioner to the U.S. House of Representatives.

The history of Puerto Rico began when the Ortoiroid people started living in the island between 3000 and 2000 BC. Other tribes, for example the Saladoid and Arawak Indians, lived in the island between 430 BC and 1000 AD. When Christopher Columbus arrived at the island in 1492 and named it "San Juan Bautista", the people living there were the "Taínos".

Since it is in the northeastern Caribbean Sea, Puerto Rico formed an important part of the Spanish Empire from the early years of the exploration, conquest, and colonization of the New World. The Spanish spread race-based slavery across the island. In the 19th century, slave revolts and the abolitionist movement brought an end to legal slavery.

The island was a major military post during many wars between Spain and other European countries for control of the region in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. In 1898, during the Spanish-American war, Puerto Rico was invaded and became a possession of the United States.

During the 20th century, Puerto Rico's political status changed from time to time. The Foraker Act of 1900 created a civil government to replace the military government made after the Spanish–American war, and the Jones Act of 1917 gave Puerto Rican people United States citizenship. Afterwards, in 1952, the drafting of Puerto Rico's own Constitution and democratic elections were established.

The political status of Puerto Rico, a Commonwealth controlled by the United States, is still not completely defined. Many people want to resolve this status, while others want the status to remain the same. Of the people who want to change the status, some want Puerto Rico to become a new U.S. state, while others want Puerto Rico to become a fully independent country.

In May 2022, Members of Congress sponsoring competing bills on how to resolve Puerto Rico’s territorial status and its relationship to the U.S. have come together to introduce new legislation combining both. The proposed legislation combines elements of the pro-statehood bill introduced by Rep. Darren Soto, D-Fla., and Rep. Jenniffer Gonzalez, Puerto Rico’s nonvoting member of Congress and a Republican, alongside the Puerto Rico Self-Determination Act from Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Nydia Velázquez, both New York Democrats. The draft legislation says that a plebiscite to resolve Puerto Rico’s political status shall be held on November 5, 2023.

On December 15, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives voted in favor of the Puerto Rico Status Act. The act sought to resolve Puerto Rico's status and its relationship to the United States through a binding plebiscite.

Puerto Rico is an archipelago, with a main island where most of the population lives, two smaller islands (Vieques and Culebra) with residents, and many other smaller islands. The main island has a mountain range in the center, which covers most of the island. The highest point is 4,390 feet (1,338 meters)

Puerto Rico has three main political parties: the Puerto Rican Independence Party, which favors Puerto Rico becoming an independent nation; the New Progressive Party, which supports Puerto Rico's transition to becoming a state of the U.S; and the Popular Democratic Party, which supports Colonialism.

The issue of the political status of the island (meaning whether it's a country, a U.S. state, or a colony) is an issue of debate amongst the Puerto Rican people. In the past there have been many attempts to clearly define the island's political status by means of voting. Most of the time the majority of the people have chosen to remain a colony. However, in the last "status voting" the colonial option appeared to have lost well over 90% of its support, while the U.S. state option has only gained strength in the last few decades. The Puerto Rican Independence party, on the other hand, has mainly lost a great deal of support within the last six decades.

Puerto Rico is said to comprise a White majority, an extinct Amerindian population, persons of mixed ancestry, Africans and a small Asian minority. Recent genetic research, however, contradicts that information. According to the 2010 US Census, 99% of the population consider themselves of Puerto Rican descent (regardless of race or skin color), making Puerto Rico one of the most culturally unified societies in the world.

The population of Puerto Rico is nearly about 4 million people. The ethnic composition of the population is:

Puerto Rico has a strong literary tradition. The most important playwrights are René Marqués (author of "The Oxcart") and Lin Manuel Miranda (creator of the Broadway musical "Hamilton"). The most famous poets are Julia de Burgos ("Yo fui mi ruta") and Giannina Braschi (author the poetry epic "Empire of Dreams"). Celebrated Puerto Rican novelists include Rosario Ferre (Eccentric Neighborhoods), Giannina Braschi (United States of Banana), and Esmeralda Santiago (When I Was Puerto Rican). Puerto Rican poets who live in New York are called Nuyorican poets.

José Campeche (1751-1809) is the first known Puerto Rican painter. He painted in the best rococo style. Franciso Oller painted Puerto Rican landscapes and still life paintings the 19th Century. In the 20th century Franciso Rodón who paints portraits of celebrities. In the 21st century, Allora and Calzadilla are conceptual artists in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Puerto Rico music is often called Latin music. There are many popular styes of Puerto Rican dance music, including Salsa, Bomba, Plena, and R"eggaeton". One of the most popular bands today is Calle 13. World famous Puerto Rican singers include Jennifer Lopez, Hector Lavoe, Tito Puentes, and Marc Anthony. Ricky Martin won the 1999 Grammy Award for "Best Latin Pop Performance" for Living La Vida Loca.

Puerto Rican philosophy deals with Puerto Rican independence, education, racism, and liberty for all. The first major Puerto Rican philosopher was Eugenio María de Hostos. He was born in the 19th Century in Puerto Rico. He believed that Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic and Cuba should unite to be free from Colonial powers. Francisco José Ramos was born in the 20th century. His philosophy deals with Ancient Greeks, American imperialism, and Buddhism. Giannina Braschi is a contemporary political philosopher. She writes about freedom, immigration, revolution, and justice. Braschi was inspired by a major Mexican woman philosopher Sor Juana Inez de la Cruz. Puerto Rican philosophers are sometimes called Latinx philosophers or Latin American philosophers.

Melissa Cristina Márquez is a marine biologist from Puerto Rico.


Pilgrimage

A pilgrimage is when people travel to a place of worship that is usually far away. They may have to go to a different city or country. Usually a pilgrimage is done for spiritual or religious reasons. The purpose of Christian pilgrimage was summarized by Pope Benedict XVI this way:

There are also non-religious pilgrimages; they include for example:


1703

1703 (MDCCIII) started on a Monday (or a Friday by the 11-day slower Julian calendar).






Watermelon

A watermelon ("Citrullus lanatus") is a plant which was first domesticated in Africa. It is a cultivated edible fruit. It is grown worldwide, there are more than 1000 varieties. 

About 6% of a watermelon is sugar, which makes it very sweet. There are many different types of watermelon. Some have a green rind on the outside and a red-pink flesh on the inside, with brown seeds. Some can have yellow flesh, and some can be seedless. The green rind on the outside is not usually eaten, though it can be used as a vegetable. It can also be stewed or pickled. Most watermelons are oblong or spherical. In Japan, watermelons are grown in different shapes, such as hearts and squares.

Watermelons are a great source of vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin B1 and vitamin B6. They also contain potassium, magnesium, carotenoid antioxidant, and lycopene. The watermelon flesh is healthy to eat.

Monrovia

Monrovia (; ) is the capital of Liberia. It is Liberia's most populous city with a population of 1,010,970. The city is named after 5th U.S. President James Monroe.

Monrovia was founded in 1822 by the American Colonization Society. They wanted free slaves to have their own home back in Africa.

Paul Anka

Paul Albert Anka (born July 30, 1941) is a Canadian-American singer and songwriter. He is best known for such songs as "Diana" (1957) and "Lonely Boy" (1959).

Anka was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 2005.

Anka was born in Ottawa, Ontario to Camelia and Andrew Emile "Andy" Anka, Sr. They owned a restaurant named the Locanda. His parents were both Antiochian Orthodox Christians in Syria. Anka's mother was Canadian-Lebanese "from a small town of, in Syria " and Anka's father was Syrian.

Anka grew up singing in the St. Elias Antiochian Orthodox Church choir. He went to Fisher Park High School where he was part of a vocal trio called the "Bobby Soxers".

He became an American citizen in 1990. He is married to Polish-born Anna Anka.


Neil Young

Neil Percival Young (born November 12, 1945) is a Canadian-American musician. He is known for his country and rock songs. 

Many of his songs have a political and/or personal message. He was also a member of the groups Buffalo Springfield and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.

Some of his best-known songs are "Heart of Gold", "Helpless", "After the Gold Rush", "Rockin' in the Free World", "Cinnamon Girl", "Southern Man" and "Like a Hurricane".

Young has explored many different styles of music during his career, and not all his records have been popular. During the 1980s, he was sued by his record company, Geffen Records, who believed he was making records that would not sell very many copies on purpose. Young won out over Geffen in court.

Sometimes, people call him the "Godfather of Grunge" because the style of some of his songs led to the kind of music called grunge music that started to be popular in the early 1990s.

From 1978 until their divorce in 2014, he was married to singer-songwriter Pegi Young. They had two children.

He became a United States citizen, taking dual citizenship on January 22, 2020.

Young is known as an environmental and political activist and his views can sometimes be found in the lyrics of his songs. He is a long-time supporter of the family farmer. In 1985 Young, along with Willie Nelson and John Mellencamp, co-founded the benefit concert called Farm Aid which has continued every year to help raise money to keep farmers in business. He also did not support George W. Bush when he was the president of the United States, and even wrote a song called "Let's Impeach the President" about how he thought Bush should lose his powers.

In the 1970s, Young released two songs (on his "After The Gold Rush" and "Harvest" albums) critical of racism in the Southern United States. These songs were called "Southern Man" and "Alabama". Lynyrd Skynyrd, a band from the Southern United States, made a song in response called "Sweet Home Alabama" that has become a very popular rock classic. Young's name is said in the lyrics of "Sweet Home Alabama".

In 2016 and in 2020, Young supported Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

Neil Young has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice, first as a solo artist in 1995 and again as a member of Buffalo Springfield in 1997.

The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a science fiction comedy series by Douglas Adams. It started out as a radio show series for the BBC Radio 4 in 1978. 

Between 1979 - 1992, Adams wrote a series of five books.

In 1980, a second radio series was broadcast.

In 1981, it was made into a television series. 

In 2004, the third radio series was broadcast.

In 2005, it was made into a movie, and the fourth and fifth radio series were broadcast. A CD was released following the final episode transmission of each radio series.

It has also been a computer game, and several stage plays and comic books. Douglas Adams also suggested he would write a sixth book but he died before he could complete it, so Eoin Colfer wrote the sixth book in the series.

In 2018, the sixth radio series, the "Hexagonal Phase", was broadcast on BBC Radio 4. 
It featured Professor Stephen Hawking introducing himself as the voice of "The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy Mk II" by saying: "I have been quite popular in my time. Some even read my books".

The six books in the "Hitchhiker's Guide" series are:

The radio, book, TV and movie versions differ from each other. The same basic plot is used but they sometimes contradict each other. This is due to Adams rewriting the story for each new medium. 
In all versions, the story follows the adventures of Arthur Dent. He is an Englishman. His house is being bulldozed to make way for a bypass. At the same time the Earth is being demolished by the Vogons to make way for an intergalactic bypass. The vogons are a race of unpleasant and bureaucratic aliens. 

Dent's friend, Ford Prefect, is an alien. He is a researcher for the eponymous guidebook. He rescues Dent from Earth's destruction.

Zaphod Beeblebrox is Ford's eccentric semi-cousin. Beeblebrox is the Galactic President. He has stolen the "Heart of Gold", a spacecraft equipped with the Infinite Improbability Drive. The depressed robot Marvin the Paranoid Android and Trillian are crew members.
Trillian was known as Tricia McMillan, a woman Arthur once met at a party in Islington. Beeblebrox saved her from Earth's destruction. She is the only other human survivor.

Arthur learns that the Earth was actually a giant supercomputer. It was created by another supercomputer, Deep Thought. Deep Thought had been built to give the answer to the "Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything". It gave the answer as "42". The creators of Deep Thought were disappointed and Deep Thought was then instructed to design the Earth supercomputer to determine what the question actually is.

The Earth was destroyed by the Vogons just before its calculations were due to complete. Arthur becomes the target of the descendants of the Deep Thought creators, believing his mind must hold the Question. With his friends' help, Arthur escapes and they decide to have lunch at The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. They have more adventures.

Cookbook

A cookbook, or cookery book, is kind of book that tells people how to prepare food for eating using specific instructions called a recipe. Most cookbooks also have tips on how to eat and present the food as well. They usually list the ingredients needed, time needed to cook, and the instructions. They may give other tips too. 

Somalia

Somalia (; ), officially called the Federal Republic of Somalia (; ), is a country located on the Horn of Africa. It used to be known as the Somali Republic. 

It is bordered by Djibouti to the northwest, Kenya with Yemen to the north, the Guardafui Channel and Somali Sea to the east, and Ethiopia to the west. It has a hot, dry climate. A person from Somalia is called a "Somali".

Somalia is a republic governed by a federal administration with various regional administrations governing on a micro level.

Somalia is an independent country. Since the Somali Civil War in the early 1990s, there has been no working government that covers all of Somalia; instead, different pirates have been destabilizing the region to the southwest, the Gulf of Aden. Somalia is now trying to gain control of their people and get back up on its feet with very little resources.
Somalia is one of the poorest and least developed countries. It has the world's second-highest fertility rate.

There are four big tribes in Somalia, the Hawiye, the Dirweyn, the Koofur Orsi inhabitants and the Darood. Somalis are a nation of related families, which are called clans. Groups of clans sometimes band together based on a common ancestor or other blood relationship. Sometimes these family relationships date back hundreds or even thousands of years in the past. Somalis are mostly camel or goat herders, and depend on their livestock to live. In Somalia there are limited sources of drinking water and grazing land, and disputes over grazing rights, water rights, or land in general can lead to fighting between families. Because of the clan system, the families involved will call on their clan for help, leading to a clan war. The discovery of oil and minerals in Somalia, as well as the power and money associated with politics and business, has created more opportunities for families to get ahead, and has also created more reasons for families to have disputes.

Because Somalia does not have a working legal system, the only help a family in Somalia has to solve a dispute with another family is to get their clan involved. The only solution to the clan wars in Somalia is a working legal system, but the only group who has succeeded in creating one is the Islamic Courts Union. Unfortunately the Islamic Courts Union was accused of being terrorists and Ethiopia invaded Somalia to topple their government and put the government they created in power instead.

In ancient times, Somalia was a place where people from Egypt and Arabia went to buy gum arabic, myrrh and ebony wood. The Ancient Egyptians used to call it Punt, which meant "God's Land". Somalis started herding camel and goats about 4,000 years ago, and they remain mostly herders today.

Visitors from as far away as China visited Somalia, including Zheng He.

400 more years later, the king of Ethiopia told his subjects that God hated Ifat, and he invaded Ifat with his army, destroying everything he came across and driving the king of Ifat to an island off the coast of Zeila, where he died. The king of Ethiopia then took part of Ifat and added it to his kingdom, and made Ifat pay him lots of money once a year. The remains of Ifat put their kingdom back together again and renamed it Adal.

About a hundred years later, the King of Adal was deposed by an influential warlord by the name of Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi, who had lots of influence with Somali clans across the north. He declared a jihad against Ethiopia, brought together a huge army that included Turkish musketeers and Somali cavalry. The Somali cavalry were especially deadly because they could shoot arrows while riding their horses, something that the Mongol hordes and Japanese Samurai are also famous for.

Ahmad chose a bad time, however, because the Portuguese Empire was muscling into East Africa. They had taken over the whole east African coast up to Baraawe, and were trying to take over Mogadishu. The Portuguese decided to help out the Ethiopians because the Ethiopians were Christians and the Portuguese did not like Muslims. Ahmad had taken over more than half of Ethiopia when a troop of Portuguese musketeers showed up to help the Ethiopians out. One Portuguese musketeer managed to shoot Ahmad himself, killing him.

A lot of the Somali cavalry was only there because of Ahmad, so the Jihad ended and Ethiopia wound up invading Adal. The Turks had to send an army to stop them from taking over Zeila, and Adal ended up becoming part of the Turkish Ottoman Empire. On those days we do not find the exact people dwell in Zeila, but the history ascribed the black people, without tracing their origin and their tribes. However, some historians attributed Zeila inhabitant were called semaale without farther lucid explanation.

The Turks and Portuguese fought over East Africa for the next 200 years, but the Turks eventually won about 270 years ago. Northern Somalia stayed under Turkish protection after Ahmad died, and the east coast including Mogadishu ended up under the protection of the King of Oman. When Egypt declared independence from the Turks a hundred years later, Northern Somalia became part of Egypt. Egypt came under British protection shortly after that, and northern Somalia basically became a British protectorate as well. This became official about 130 years ago, and northern Somalia officially became British Somaliland.

The Kingdom of Italy had just come together as one country around this time, and wanted the same things that the other big countries had, like colonies. Italy offered to buy the rights to the east Africa coast from Oman, who was in charge of protecting the cities and small kingdoms there, and Oman agreed. Italy made deals with some of the larger kingdoms/sultanates (like the Sultanate of Nugaal) for them to be under Italian protection, but the smaller ones Italy just invaded. This became Italian Somalia in 1905, with capital Mogadishu.

Ethiopia, which had fallen apart again after Ahmad's Jihad, had recently put itself back together again as well, and started invading small Somali kingdoms as well, and by 1890 there were not many left. The French got in on this too, but they just took over a small area which today is Djibouti.

Lots of Somalis did not like what was going on, so a Muslim religious leader named Mohammed Abdullah Hassan started a group called the Darwiish to fight the British, Italians and Ethiopians. The British called him the "Mad Mullah" and spent about 30 years fighting him, eventually using fighter planes against his cavalry. At their height the Darwiish controlled almost a third of Somalia.

Italy created a colony around Mogadishu and enlarged the territory of Italian Somalia after WW1 with the areas south of the Juba river. In the next 20 years the Italian colony grew in importance, having at Hafun the biggest salt production in the world and in the Scebeli river a huge production of bananas exported to Europe. In 1928 was created the first airport in Somalia's capital and later in 1939 was started the longest air route in Africa with the Linea dell'impero, a flight between Rome and Mogadishu.

When Benito Mussolini took power in Italy, he ended the deals he made with the bigger Somali sultanates and invaded them conquering all the area that was to be the colony of Italian Somalia. Then he invaded and took over Ethiopia, using poison gas on the Ethiopians. Shortly afterwards, World War 2 broke out and he invaded British Somaliland, but two years later the British returned and liberated British Somaliland and Ethiopia as well as taking over Italian Somaliland.

After the war, Britain wanted to put all of the places Somalis lived in one country, which would be a British protectorate. The Ethiopians complained that they should be able to keep the areas they conquered, and the Italians also complained the same thing, so in the end the Ethiopians got to keep their bit, and the Italians did too. However, Italian Somaliland was put under a United Nations mandate, so the Italians could not make it a colony.

In 1960 both British and Italian Somaliland declared independence together as the "Somali Republic". It was chosen the Latin alphabet for the Somali language. Many areas where Somalis lived were still part of Britain, Ethiopia and France. Somalia wanted to get back all the areas that had been colonized by the French, Ethiopians and British. Somalia and Ethiopia had a short war in 1964 over the Ethiopian part of Somalia, and it was obvious that more fighting was to come.

In 1969, the President of Somalia was killed by a man whose clan had been hurt by his policies, and General Mohammed Siad Barre took over the country. Siad Barre built a huge army with help from the Soviet Union and when Ethiopia fell for the fourth time (this time because of a communist takeover) he invaded. The Soviet Union decided that Ethiopia was more important than Somalia and double-crossed Siad Barre, supplying huge amounts of weapons to Ethiopia. Some other countries including Cuba and Israel also sent help to Ethiopia, so in the end Siad Barre lost the war.

Ethiopia's new government then began helping Somali rebel groups, who did not like how Siad Barre took over the country, and these rebel groups toppled Siad Barre' government in 1991 and forced him out of the country. After this, however, all of the rebel groups started fighting amongst themselves over who would be in charge now that Siad Barre was gone.

Eventually, some of the rebel groups decided to make their own governments in the land that they controlled. One, called Somaliland, declared independence from Somalia entirely, while another called Puntland declared independence "for now" until a new Somali national government can be put together. Dozens of attempts to create a new national government failed.

Because there was no government in most of Somalia (except where one had been built from scratch, like Puntland and Somaliland) Somalia's only legal system, beyond the law of the gun, was traditional custom and Islamic Sharia law. Because of this, Sharia legal scholars in the lawless south of Somalia gained quite a bit of influence. Around the same time, the people fighting for Somali lands in Ethiopia to be part of Somalia turned to the example of the Afghani Mujahideen, and created their own group called al-Ittihad al-Islamiyya or the Islamic Union. During the 1990s Ethiopia invaded Somalia several times to attack the Islamic Union, who were helping Somali rebels in Ethiopia.

After 2001, the United States of America became very suspicious of both the Sharia courts and the Islamic Union of being terrorists. Warlords made a group called the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism. The Sharia courts banded together to protect themselves and created the Islamic Courts Union. People liked the Sharia courts and hated the gangsters, so everyone helped the Islamic Courts Union, who defeated the gangsters and drove them out of Mogadishu in 2006. The Islamic Courts Union then formed an army and took over most of southern Somalia.

The United States of America and Ethiopia was alarmed by this takeover, so Ethiopia invaded southern Somalia in 2007 and put a new government in power that was made up of the rebel groups that Ethiopia had funded 15 years earlier. Almost everyone disagreed with this decision, and that same year a rebellion against this new government broke out in Mogadishu and spread across the whole country by 2008. At around the same time, Somali pirates kidnapped westerners from cargo ships and tourist boats for ransom. In 2006, jihadist group al-Shabaab began an insurgency.

Mel Blanc

Melvin Jerome Blanc (May 30, 1908 – July 10, 1989) was an American voice actor, radio personality and comedian. Nicknamed The Man of a Thousand Voices, he was best known for his voice roles such as in "Looney Tunes", Hanna-Barbera cartoons, and others.

Blanc was born on May 30, 1908 in San Francisco, California. He studied at Lincoln High School in San Francisco. He was married to Estelle Rosenbaum from 1933 until his death in 1989. He has one son. Blanc died on July 10, 1989 from heart disease, at age 81.


Conagra Brands

ConAgra Foods, Inc. is a food packing company that packs food for supermarkets, restaurants, and other businesses. It is located in North America.


IPod

The iPod is a discontinued range of portable music players designed by the company Apple Inc. in California. The iPod comes with computer cables so that the user can put music from their computer onto the iPod, and play music from it using headphones. Newer iPods allow a user to play games, view pictures, watch videos and use the internet, too.

The first iPod was named the iPod Classic. This iPod was released on October 23, 2001. Apple Inc. made the iPod like this until September 9, 2014.

Apple made a smaller iPod called the iPod mini. It was much smaller than the iPod Classic, but did not hold as many songs. It used flash memory, a special kind of memory for very small electronics, instead of a hard drive. It was replaced by a version of the iPod called the iPod nano.

Another type of iPod, called the iPod shuffle, was very small, and it used flash memory, like the iPod mini but it had no screen. It was the least expensive iPod.

The most expensive iPod is called the iPod touch. It has a touch screen, like the iPhone. It's very similar to the IPhone, but it's not a smartphone. The first generation of iPod touch was released on September 5, 2007 and was discontinued on May 10, 2022.

iPods often contain songs downloaded from an online music store, using a program called iTunes. (The name of Apple's music and video store is the iTunes Store.) Songs are sold in AAC file format, not MP3 or WMA. These are popular formats for compressing (making smaller) music until it does not take up much space and can easily be put on a media player such as the iPod.

The App Store is an online shop that is run by Apple Inc. where people can buy software for their iPhone or iPod Touch. It opened on July 11, 2008. Over 2 million applications (or apps for short) are available for people to buy. Some apps are available for free.


Costa Rica

Costa Rica (officially called Republic of Costa Rica), is a country in Central America. It is bordered by Nicaragua to the north, Panama to the southeast, the Pacific Ocean to the west, and the Caribbean Sea to the east. The official language of Costa Rica is Spanish. The official currency is the colón. It has enjoyed a long period of peace since the 1863 civil war. Because of its natural beauty and political stability, it is nicknamed the "Switzerland of Latin America". Costa Rica has had no army since December 1, 1948. Instead of spending money on the military, the government spends money on education and health.

5,094,118 people live in Costa Rica. The capital city is San José. The current President is Rodrigo Chaves. He was elected in 2022.

The indigenous people of Costa Rica belong to the Intermediate Area. This Intermediate Area is where the Mesoamerican and Andean indigenous cultures mixed together. The country was influenced by various Chibcha speaking indigenous people.

The impact of indigenous peoples' culture on modern Costa Rica has been small. The country did not have a strong native civilization to begin with. Most of the indigenous population was absorbed into the Spanish colony. There are still some small indigenous groups. The largest is the Bribri and Boruca tribes in south Costa Rica.

Christopher Columbus sailed to the eastern shores of Costa Rica during his last trip in 1502. He reported large amounts of gold jewelry among the indigenous people.

During the colonial period, Costa Rica was the most southern province of the Captaincy General of Guatemala. But it mostly ruled itself as a part of the Spanish Empire. Costa Rica's distance from the capital in Guatemala, its legal prohibition to trade with the Viceroyalty of New Granada, and the lack of gold and silver made Costa Rica into a poor, little populated region of the Spanish Empire. Costa Rica was called "the poorest and most miserable Spanish colony in all America" by a Spanish governor in 1719.

Costa Rica's poverty was also because there were not enough indigenous people available for slavery. Most of the Costa Rican settlers had to work on their own land. There were no large "haciendas" (plantations). For all these reasons, Costa Rica was unappreciated and forgotten by the Spanish Crown. It had to develop on its own.

Costa Rica became a "rural democracy" with no oppressed mestizo or indigenous class. It was not long before Spanish settlers turned to the hills, where they found rich volcanic soil and a better climate.

Costa Rica never fought for independence from Spain. On September 15, 1821, after the last Spanish defeat in the Mexican War of Independence (1810–21), the authorities in Guatemala declared the independence of all of Central America. That date is still celebrated as Independence Day in Costa Rica.

Costa Rica joined the First Mexican Empire of Agustín de Iturbide. After its collapse in 1823, Costa Rica became a province of the new Federal Republic of Central America. it existed from 1823 to 1839. It had a very loose authority over its provinces, especially the poor and remote Costa Rica.

In 1824, the Costa Rican capital was moved to San José. This led to a brief battle with the old capital, Cartago.

While civil wars were common in the Federal Republic of Central America, Costa Rica was largely peaceful.

In 1838, Costa Rica formally proclaimed itself an independent country. The local population had little allegiance to the federal government in Guatemala. From colonial times to now, Costa Rica's reluctance to become politically tied with the rest of Central America has been a major obstacle to efforts for greater regional integration.

Coffee was first planted in Costa Rica in the early 19th century. It was first shipped to Europe in 1843. It became Costa Rica's first major export. Coffee would remain Costa Rica's biggest export until the 20th century.

Most of the coffee exported was transported by oxcart to the Pacific port of Puntarenas. Since the main market for the coffee was in Europe, it soon became a high priority to develop a transportation route from the Central Plateau to the Atlantic Ocean. For this purpose, in the 1870s, the Costa Rican government asked U.S. businessman Minor C. Keith to build a railroad to the Caribbean port of Limón. Despite enormous difficulties with construction, disease, and financing, the railroad was completed in 1890.

Most Afro-Costa Ricans come from Jamaican immigrants who worked on the railway. United States convicts, Italians and Chinese immigrants also worked in the construction of the railroad.

In exchange for making the railroad, Costa Rican gave Keith large amounts of land and a lease on the train route, which he used to produce bananas and export them to the United States. As a result, bananas became the largest export. The United Fruit Company began to hold a major role in the national economy.

Costa Rica has enjoyed greater peace and political stability than other Latin American nations.

But in 1917–19, General Federico Tinoco Granados ruled as a military dictator until he was overthrown. The unpopularity of Tinoco's government led to a considerable decline in the size, wealth, and political influence of the Costa Rican military.

In 1948, José Figueres Ferrer led an armed uprising between the previous president Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia (he served as president between 1940 and 1944) and Otilio Ulate Blanco. With more than 2,000 dead, the 44-day Costa Rican Civil War was the bloodiest event in Costa Rica during the 20th century.

The victorious rebels formed a government that abolished the military. It oversaw the drafting of a new constitution by a democratically elected assembly. Having enacted these reforms, the junta relinquished its power on November 8, 1949, to the new democratic government. After that, Figueres became a national hero, winning the country's first democratic election under the new constitution in 1953. Since then, Costa Rica has held 14 presidential elections, the latest in 2020. All of them have been widely regarded by the international community as peaceful and transparent.

Costa Rica is on the Central American isthmus. It is between latitudes 8° and 12°N, and longitudes 82° and 86°W. It borders the Caribbean Sea to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west. It has a total of of coastline. Costa Rica also borders Nicaragua to the north ( of border) and Panama to the southeast ( of border). In total, Costa Rica has plus of territorial waters.

The highest point in the country is Cerro Chirripó, at . The largest lake in Costa Rica is Lake Arenal.

Costa Rica is located between 8 and 12 degrees north of the Equator. The climate is tropical all year. The country has many microclimates depending on elevation, rainfall, and the geography of each region.

Costa Rica's seasons are defined by how much rain falls. It does not have the four seasons other countries have. The year can be split into two seasons: the dry season (known as summer), and the rainy season (known as winter). The "summer" starts in December and ends in April. "Winter" starts in May and ends in November. During this time it rains constantly in some regions.

The location receiving the most rain is the Caribbean. Annual rainfall is over . Humidity is also higher here. The mean annual temperature on the coast is around . in the main populated areas, and below on the highest mountains.

There are many national parks in Costa Rica, including Manuel Antonio National Park.

Costa Rica is home to many plants and animals. The country has only about 0.25% of the world's landmass, but it has 5% of the world's biodiversity. Almost 25% of Costa Rica's land area is in national parks and protected areas. This is the largest percentage of protected areas in the world.

Costa Rica successfully reduced deforestation. It had one of the worst deforestation rates in the world from 1973 to 1989. But it was almost zero by 2005.

The Corcovado National Park is internationally known by ecologists for its biodiversity. Visitors can see many different types of animals. An example is the big cats and tapirs. Corcovado is the only park in Costa Rica where all four Costa Rican monkeys can be found. These include the white-headed capuchin, the mantled howler,the endangered Geoffroy's spider monkey and the Central American squirrel monkey. The squirrel monkey is found only on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and a small part of Panama.

Tortuguero National Park is home to spider, howler, and white-throat Capuchin monkeys. It is also the home of three-toed sloth and two-toed sloth. It has 320 species of birds and many reptiles. There is an annual nesting of the endangered green turtle, and is the most important nesting site for the species. Giant leatherback, hawksbill, and loggerhead turtles also nest here.

The Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve is home to almost 2,000 plant species. Including many orchids. It is also home to more than 400 types of birds. There are more than 100 species of mammals here.

Costa Rica is a center of biological diversity for reptiles and amphibians. They have the world's fastest running lizard, the spiny-tailed iguana ("Ctenosaura similis").

Article 168 of the Constitution of Costa Rica says the political divisions are classified into 3 groups: provinces, cantons, and districts.
Costa Rica has seven provinces. The provinces are divided into 81 cantons. The canton is directed by a mayor. Mayors are chosen democratically every four years by the canton's people. There are no provincial legislatures. The cantons are further divided into 463 districts.

The provinces are:

Costa Rica entered the Summer Olympics for the first time in 1936 with the fencer Bernardo de la Guardia. They entered the Winter Olympics for the first time in 1980 with the skier Arturo Kinch. All four of Costa Rica's Olympic medals were won by the sisters Silvia and Claudia Poll in swimming. Claudia won the country's only gold medal in 1996.

Association football is the most popular sport in Costa Rica. The national team has played in four FIFA World Cup tournaments. They reached the quarter-finals for the first time in 2014. Its best performance in the regional CONCACAF Gold Cup was runner-up in 2002.



Wisconsin

Wisconsin is a state in the Upper Midwest region of the United States. The capital of Wisconsin is Madison. The biggest city in Wisconsin is Milwaukee.

In 2018, most of Wisconsin’s immigrants came from Mexico, India, China, Laos and the Philippines.

Native first settled in Wisconsin before the arrival of Europeans.

The word "Wisconsin" comes from the name that one of the Algonquian speaking American Indian groups living in the area gave to the Wisconsin River. They named the Wisconsin River at the time that the European contact happened. Jacques Marquette, a French , was the first European (or person from Europe) to get to the Wisconsin River and write down the name. He reached the Wisconsin River in 1673. He wrote the name of the river as "Meskousing" in his journal. Over time, other explorers from France this name into "Ouisconsin". This is now the French name for the Wisconsin River. As of 1845, the government of the Wisconsin Territory gave the name "Wisconsin" to the Wisconsin River.

Many people in Wisconsin go skiing, ice fishing and to snowmobile races. The Major League Baseball's Milwaukee Brewers are popular. Music events include the Summerfest. There is the Milwaukee Art Museum. Circle Sanctuary is the largest Wiccan organization in the U.S.

The Montreal River flows along the border of Wisconsin. Lake Superior and Michigan border Wisconsin to the north. Lake Michigan is to the east of Wisconsin, and Illinois is found directly south of Wisconsin. Other rivers that make up the border of Wisconsin include the Mississippi River and St. Croix Rivers to the west and the Menominee River to the northeast.

Wisconsin has a lot of different kinds of geography and is very diverse. Wisconsin is made up of five main areas of geography. The Lake Superior Lowland to the north is an area of land that is right against Lake Superior. The Northern Highland area of Wisconsin is to the south of the Lake Superior Lowland. This area contains trees and other kinds of forests. The Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest (1,500,000 acres big), is found in this area. The highest point in Wisconsin, Timms Hill, is in the Northern Highland area. The Central Plain area is found in the central part of Wisconsin. Lots of sandstone , such as the Dells of the Wisconsin River, are found in the Central Plain area. The Eastern Ridges and Lowlands area is found in the southeastern part of Wisconsin. Many of the biggest cities in Wisconsin are in the Eastern Ridges and Lowlands area. The Western Upland area is in the southwestern part of the state. This area includes features like bluffs along the Mississippi River and forests and farmland (land put aside for farming).

The highest temperature ever recorded in Wisconsin was in the Wisconsin Dells. It was recorded on July 13, 1936. The temperature reached 120 °F (46 °C). The lowest temperature in Wisconsin ever written down was in the village of Couderay. The temperature there was only –55 °F (-48 °C). This was recorded on both February 2 and February 4, 1996.

Wisconsin has cities and towns of many different sizes. Nearly 70 percent of people living in Wisconsin live in urban areas (cities like Milwaukee). 33 percent of the population of Wisconsin lives in the Greater Milwaukee area. Milwaukee is found at the northern end of a string of cities and towns along Lake Michigan. With almost 600,000 people living in Milwaukee, that makes Milwaukee the 22nd-largest city in the country. Madison is also another important city in Wisconsin. With a population of just over 225,000 people, it is a city that grows very fast. A suburb of Madison, Middleton, was also ranked the "Best Place to Live in America" in 2007 by "CNN Money". There are a bunch of medium-sized cities and towns (meaning their populations are between 25,000 and 100,000 people) in Wisconsin. 12 cities in Wisconsin with a population of 50,000 or more.



Odia Coates

Odia Coates (November 13, 1941 – May 19, 1991) was an American singer. She is best remembered for her duet with Paul Anka, "(You're) Having My Baby" from 1974. The song was #1 on the "Billboard" Top 100 chart for three weeks in 1974.

Amy Grant

Amy Lee Grant (November 25, 1960) is an American singer and songwriter. She is known for her Contemporary Christian music, as well as pop music hits. Grant is the best-selling contemporary Christian music singer ever. She released her first album in 1977 at the age of 16.

Grant was born in Augusta, Georgia.


Dalida

Dalida (real name: Iolanda Cristina Gigliotti) (January 17, 1933 - May 3, 1987) was an Egyptian-born Italian/French biggest international singing icon and actress. She was born in Cairo to an Italian family. She had Italian citizenship all her life. From 1961, she also had French citizenship. She died in 1987 by suicide.

The Bangles

The Bangles are an all-female American rock band. The band started in Los Angeles, California in 1981. The Bangles are best known for their hit (popular) songs "Walk Like an Egyptian" (which featured a dance where a person walks by bending the left hand forward and the right hand backward), and "Manic Monday".


Britcom

"Britcom" is short for "British sitcom". It is a situation comedy show produced in the United Kingdom. This is what they are called especially in the United States and Australia, where they have cult followings. Some of them like "Till Death Do Us Part" and "Steptoe and Son" were remade as American comedy TV shows ("All in the Family" and "Sanford and Son").


Millimetre

The millimetre is a metric unit of length. The symbol for the millimetre is mm. There are 1,000 millimetres in a metre.

Kris Kristofferson

Kristoffer "Kris" Kristofferson (born June 22, 1936) is a former American actor, musician, and writer. He is known for writing country songs for other people or singing them himself. He is also a well-known actor and appeared in films like "Star is Born", "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia", "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore", "Blade", "He's Just Not That Into You", and "Planet of the Apes".

He is the author of a number of country standards, such as "Me and Bobbie McGee" and "Sunday Morning Coming Down". He was born in Brownsville, Texas and was raised in San Mateo, California. He studied at Pomona College and Merton College, Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar.

He began playing music in 1959, however his career began in Nashville, Tennessee in 1965 after coming back from military service.

In 2015, Kristofferson was diagnosed with Lyme disease after having Alzheimer's-like symptoms for ten years.

Kristofferson was married to Frances Beer from 1960 until they divorced in 1969. He later married singer Rita Coolidge in 1973 and they divorced in 1980. In 1983, he married Lisa Meyers. Kristofferson has eight children.

In January 2021, it was confirmed that Kristofferson had retired from performing and acting.

In 1976, he won a Golden Globe Award for acting and in 2014 he was honored with a Lifetime Grammy Award. In 2004, he was honored into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum.

Mathematical constant

A mathematical constant is a number, which has a special meaning for calculations. For example, the constant π (pronounced "pie") means the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter. This value is always the same for any circle. A mathematical constant is often a real, non-integral number of interest.

In contrast to physical constants, mathematical constants do not come from physical measurements.

The following table contains some important mathematical constants:
The following table contains a list of constants and series in mathematics, with the following columns:
"Note that the list can be ordered correspondingly by clicking on the header title at the top of the table."




Leaning Tower of Pisa

The Leaning Tower of Pisa is a building in Pisa, Italy. It is a bell tower. It is famous for its nearly four-degree lean. In 1990 the tower was leaning at 5.5 degrees and increasing. After that, much restoration work has been done to stop it from falling over completely. There was scaffolding all around the tower for 20 years. On 26 April 2011, the last bit of scaffolding was removed so that the tower can be seen properly again.

The height of the tower is about 56 metres from the ground. Its weight is about 14,500 tons. It now leans at about 88 degrees. The tower has 294 steps.

The tower construction began in 1173. When the second floor was built in 1178, the tower started to lean. This was because it had a small three-meter foundation in soft soil. The design of this tower was bad from the beginning. Construction was stopped for almost 100 years because the people of Pisa were often at war with Genoa, Lucca, and Florence.

There is an old story that Galileo Galilei used the Tower for a physics experiment.

The reason why it's leaning is because of the weak, unstable subsoil.

The Leaning Tower of Pisa has survived four earthquakes since 1280. 


Tower

A tower is a tall structure. Towers are different from buildings because people do not live in them. Many castles have towers. Today, towers are very tall. Some things they are used for are to send radio signals, for observation, or to hold up bridges.

Tel Aviv

The city of Tel Aviv-Yafo (;  ) is a municipality in Israel, often just called Tel Aviv. It is Israel's second largest city and main commercial, financial, industrial and cultural center. It is on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea.

As of 2024, there are 4.4 million people living in Tel Aviv. Tel Aviv is a part of an area of cities called Gush Dan, which is the largest metropolitan area of Israel. There is around 3.4 million people living in this urban area.

In 1909, Jewish people started building Tel Aviv northeast of Jaffa, making it the first city founded by Jews in modern times. Tel Aviv was part of Jaffa at first, but it became a separate town in 1921. Tel Aviv grew quickly as Jewish immigrants arrived, mainly from Europe.

Between the years 1925-1929 the Scottish city planner Sir Patrick Geddes was design the first city plan for Tel Aviv.

In the early 1930s the area of the Yarkon River mouth has began to develop with the opening of the international trade fair - the "Orient Fair" and the opening of the "Tel Aviv Port" beside him. from the other side of the Yarkon River was built the Reading Power Station and the Sde Dov Airport.

It was Israel's first capital when the nation was established in 1948. The capital was moved to Jerusalem in 1949, but the Israeli Ministry of Defense and many foreign embassies stayed in Tel Aviv. Most Israeli ministries that are located in Jerusalem, have offices in Tel Aviv. The national intelligence agencies of Israel, Mossad (external security), Aman (military intelligence) and Shin Bet (internal security) also have their headquarters in Tel Aviv.

In 1950, Tel Aviv and Jaffa (called "Yafo" in Hebrew) joined to into the city of Tel Aviv-Yafo. Tel Aviv-Yafo is the official name of the city, but it is almost always called Tel Aviv.

Tel Aviv continued to grow quickly in the 1950s and 1960s. The fast growth of the Tel Aviv area caused problems such as air pollution, slums, and traffic that took until the 2000s to fix. Traffic is still a problem. That is why the Tel Aviv Light Rail is being built to ease the road traffic. Most of the people of Tel Aviv live in apartment buildings.

During the Persian Gulf War of 1991, Iraq fired about 25 missiles toward Tel Aviv. Several missiles and falling debris struck residential areas in or around Tel Aviv. Two people were killed, and about 7,500 apartments were damaged.

The cultural center of Tel Aviv is a downtown intersection of streets at Dizengoff Circle. Fashionable shops and sidewalk cafes line the nearby streets. The 37-story Shalom Tower is in the city's financial district, several blocks south of Dizengoff Circle. It is the tallest building in Israel. The southwestern part of the city was once the separate town of Jaffa. Jaffa, an ancient port from Biblical times, has many historic place that have been restored by archaeologists. Jaffa also has many art galleries, cafes, restaurants, and nightclubs.

The Israeli opera, and Habima Theater, Israel's national theater, was are in Tel Aviv. 
Tel Aviv is home to a number of dance centers and companies. The Batsheva Dance Company, a contemporary dance group, as well as the Bat-Dor Dance Company and the Israel Ballet are headquartered in Tel Aviv. Tel Aviv's center for modern and classical dance is the Suzanne Dellal Center.

Museums in Tel Aviv include Haaretz Museum and the Tel Aviv Art Museum.

Tel Aviv University is one of the city's several institutions of higher learning. Bar Ilan University is in Ramat Gan, a suburb of the city.

Tel Aviv is also described as the LGBTQIA+ capital of Israel with 25% of the population being gay and having the most gay strip clubs, gay night clubs, and gay bars.

The Tel Aviv area is Israel's main manufacturing district. About half of the nation's business companies are in the area. Their products include computer software, electronic equipment, machine tools, building materials, chemicals, clothing, and processed foods. The city is also the nation's main center for banking, publishing, and trade and the home of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Abu Kabir Forensic Institute, the nation's only forensics institute, is located there.

Tel Aviv has a partnership with Los Angeles (), and is twinned with:




Trigonometry

Trigonometry (from the Greek "trigonon" = three angles and "metron" = measure) is a part of elementary mathematics dealing with angles, triangles and trigonometric functions such as sine (abbreviated sin), cosine (abbreviated cos) and tangent (abbreviated tan). It has some connection to geometry, although there is disagreement on exactly what that connection is; for some, trigonometry is just a section of geometry.

Trigonometry uses a large number of specific words to describe parts of a triangle. Some of the definitions in trigonometry are:

There are three main trigonometric ratios for right triangles, and three reciprocals of those ratios, making up a total of 6 ratios. They are:


The reciprocals of these ratios are:

Cosecant (cosec) - The cosecant of an angle is equal to the formula_4 or formula_5.

Secant (sec) - The secant of an angle is equal to the formula_6 or formula_7.

Cotangent (cot) - The cotangent of an angle is equal to the formula_8 or formula_9.

Students often use a mnemonic to remember this relationship. The "sine", "cosine", and "tangent" ratios in a right triangle can be remembered by representing them as strings of letters, such as SOH-CAH-TOA:

With the sines and cosines, one can answer virtually all questions about triangles. This is called "solving" the triangle. One can work out the remaining angles and sides of any triangle, as soon as two sides and their included angle or two angles and a side or three sides are known. These laws are useful in all branches of geometry, since "every polygon may be described as a combination of triangles".

Trigonometry is also vital in surveying, in vector analysis, and in the study of periodic functions. It developed from a need to compute angles and distances in fields such as astronomy, mapmaking, surveying, and artillery range finding.

There is also such a thing as spherical trigonometry, which deals with spherical geometry. This is used for calculations in astronomy, geodesy and navigation.

formula_10

formula_11

formula_12



Monotheism

Monotheism is the belief in only one god, rather than two or more, which would be polytheism such as Ancient Greece, Ancient Rome, Ancient Egypt and partly Hinduism. Many religions are monotheistic, such as Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Baha'i Faith, Sikhism, Eckankar, Zoroastrianism, Cao Dai and Tenrikyo. Some pagan and neo-pagan religions are also monotheistic. Deism is the belief that a higher being like god exists, but rejects the belief in many gods, revelation, religions, rituals, sacred books (like the Bible or Quran), prophets (like Jesus or Muhammad), etc. Judaism and Zoroastrianism are thought to be the oldest living monotheistic religions.


Polytheism

Polytheism means believing in many gods. A person that believes in polytheism is called a polytheist. A religion with polytheism can be called a polytheistic religion.

Polytheism is well documented in historical religions of classical antiquity, especially those of ancient Greeks and Romans. Other ancient people who were polytheists include German pagans, Turkic peoples, Ancient Egyptians, the Celts and the Norse. 

There are various polytheistic religions practiced today. Examples include Sanamahism (Meitei paganism), Tengrism, Shinto, Chinese folk religion, Thelma, Wicca, Druidism, Taoism, Asatru and Candomblé.

Usually, a polytheistic religion has a set of stories about the gods. This is called mythology. 

The opposite of polytheism is monotheism, which is the belief in only one god, practiced by the monotheistic religions of Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Sikhism, etc.

Nelvana

Nelvana Limited (; often called Nelvana Studios or simply Nelvana) is a Canadian animation studio. It was founded in 1971 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Michael Hirsh, Patrick Loubert, and Clive A. Smith. The company is now owned by Corus Entertainment. It is named after a local comic book superheroine of the 1940s.

It specialises mainly in the field of child-friendly TV shows and movies.







Jeb Bush

John Ellis "Jeb" Bush (born February 11, 1953) is an American businessman and politician. He served as the 43rd Governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007.

Bush is the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush, the younger brother of former President George W. Bush, and grandson of the late Prescott Bush, United States Senator from Connecticut. Following his father's successful run for Vice President in 1980, he moved to Florida and pursued a career in real estate development. In 1986, Bush was named Florida's Secretary of Commerce, a position he held until his resignation in 1988 to help his father's successful campaign for the Presidency.

In 1994, Bush made his first run for office, losing the election for governor by less than two percentage points to the incumbent Lawton Chiles. Bush ran again in 1998 and defeated Lieutenant Governor Buddy MacKay with 55 percent of the vote. He ran for reelection in 2002. He won with 56 percent to become Florida's first two-term Republican governor. During his eight years as governor, Bush helped create environmental improvements, such as conservation in the Everglades, supporting caps for medical malpractice litigation, moving Medicaid recipients to private systems, and creating reforms to the state education system, including the issuance of vouchers and promoting school choice.

Bush was a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election.

Bush was born in Midland, Texas. He was raised in Houston, Texas. His father is George H. W. Bush, the 41st President of the United States and 43rd Vice President of the United States. His mother is Barbara Pierce. The nickname "Jeb" is made up of his initials J.E.B. (John Ellis Bush).

Bush received poor grades at first and occasionally smoked marijuana. He made the honor roll by the end of his senior year and served as captain of the tennis team. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin. At the age of 17, Bush taught English as a second language and worked in the building of a school in Ibarrilla, a small village outside of León, Guanajuato, Mexico/ It was part of a student exchange summer program. While in Mexico, he met his future wife, Columba Garnica Gallo.

Following his father's successful run for Vice President in 1980, he moved to Florida and pursued a career in real estate development. In 1986, Bush was named Florida's Secretary of Commerce, a position he held until his resignation in 1988 to help his father's successful campaign for the Presidency.

In 1994, Bush made his first run for office. He lost the election for governor by less than two percentage points to the incumbent Lawton Chiles.

Bush ran again in 1998 and beat Lieutenant Governor Buddy MacKay with 55 percent of the vote. Bush's administration was marked by a focus on public education reform.

While Governor, Bush reduced taxes by $19 billion, reduced the size of state government by 6.6 percent, and vetoed $2 billion in new spending. Bush eliminated civil service protection for over 16,000 state jobs, which had the effect of making it easier to fire employees in those positions.

Bush signed legislation to restore the Everglades as part of an $8 billion project in conjunction with the federal government. Bush supported more than a dozen new protections for gun owners. In 2005, Bush signed into law Florida's stand-your-ground law, which was the first such state law in the United States. In 2004, Bush supported an unsuccessful bill to allow illegal immigrants to be issued drivers licenses by the state.

He ran for reelection in 2002 and won with 56 percent to become Florida's first two-term Republican governor.

During his eight years as governor, Bush was credited with initiating environmental improvements, such as conservation in the Everglades, supporting caps for medical malpractice litigation, moving medicaid recipients to private systems, and instituting reforms to the state education system, including the issuance of vouchers and promoting school choice.

Bush was considered a potential candidate in the 2016 presidential election since the end of the 2012 election.

At a press conference on April 16, 2013, at Bluefield College, Bush stated he had not begun the decision-making process about a run but that he would begin to consider a run soon. On October 2, 2014, Bush's brother George said that his brother "wants to be President". On December 16, 2014, Bush announced via Facebook that he would be "actively exploring" a 2016 run to become President of the United States and at the end of the year resigned several corporate boards.

Bush announced his candidacy on June 15, 2015. Bush was high on Republican polls for president in June, but slipped as he lost to Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and to Marco Rubio. After losing the Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina caucuses, Bush suspended his campaign on February 20, 2016.

Bush married Columba Bush in 1974. They have three children: George, Noelle, and John.

In 1995, Bush converted from Anglicanism to Roman Catholicism. In 2004, he became a Fourth Degree Knight of Columbus. Bush, a member of Father Hugon Council 3521 in Tallahassee, has joined Father Hugon Assembly.



Auckland

Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand. About 2 million people live in the . For a short time in New Zealand's history it was the capital city. Now Wellington is the capital city.

Auckland is in the north of the North Island. It is on two harbours: the Manukau and Waitemata harbours. It is known as the "City of Sails" because there are many sailing boats in the city. The Hauraki Gulf has many different islands and provides safe anchorage and good sailing that is recognised around the world. It has a temperate oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

Auckland is built on a series of dormant volcanos. The youngest and largest of these is called Rangitoto. Rangitoto is an island just a few kilometres from the city centre. It has many pohutukawas, native trees also known as the New Zealand Christmas tree because of their brilliant red flowers which bloom in December.

In 2010, Len Brown became the 1st Mayor of Auckland. In 2016, he was replaced by Phil Goff.

According to the NIWA, Auckland has a subtropical climate, with warm, humid summers and mild, rainy winters. Under Köppen's climate classification, the city has an oceanic climate ("Cfb"). It is the warmest main centre of New Zealand and is also one of the sunniest, with an average of over 2000 sunshine hours per annum. The average daily maximum temperature is in February and in July. The absolute maximum recorded temperature is , while the absolute minimum is . High levels of rainfall occur almost year–round with an average of per year spread over 136 rain days, but is most frequent in Winter. Snowfall in Auckland is extremely rare; recorded instances include 27 July 1939 and 15 August 2011, although without any accumulation.

The early morning calm on the isthmus during settled weather, before the sea breeze rises, was described as early as 1853: "In all seasons, the beauty of the day is in the early morning. At that time, generally, a solemn stillness holds, and a perfect calm prevails...". Many Aucklanders use this time of day to walk and run in parks.

Auckland occasionally suffers from air pollution due to fine particle emissions. There are also occasional breaches of guideline levels of carbon monoxide. While maritime winds normally disperse the pollution relatively quickly it can sometimes become visible as smog, especially on calm winter days. The west of Auckland is slightly wetter and cooler than the eastern side, with the gulf islands being warmer and drier still.


Capitalism

Capitalism is an economic system where means of production is privately owned and operated for profit.

Property owned by individuals, not by the government is often called private property. In theory, under competition, in capitalist free market economies, prices move up or down according to the availability of products and how many people want them. In most countries, there is some regulation (trade laws) and some planning done by the government. They are sometimes called "mixed economies" to indicate this. Some people disagree on whether capitalism is a good idea, or how much of capitalism is a good idea.

The word comes from "capital", meaning something of value that is used to make things. This can be money (""financial capital"") or any other goods that can be traded. The word "capital" originally comes from the Latin word "caput", meaning "head." It was used to mean how many "head" of cattle a rich person owned, in days long ago when cattle were used as money. In fact, the words "capital" and "cattle" both come from "caput".

The philosopher Adam Smith's book, "The Wealth of Nations", was an important book that developed the ideas of capitalism and the free market. The word "capitalism" was not used until the 19th century. The greatest invention of capitalism is often said to be the joint stock company. A joint-stock company is a business where different stocks can be bought and owned by shareholders. Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion to the number of their shares.

In capitalism, people may sell or lend their property, and other people may buy or borrow it. If one person wants to buy, and another person wants to sell to them, they do not need to get permission from higher power. People can have a market (buying and selling with each other) without anyone else telling them to. People who own capital are sometimes called "capitalists" (people who support capitalism are called capitalists, too). They can hire anyone who wants to work in their factories, shops or lands for them for the pay they offer.

The word "capital" can be used to mean things that produce more things or money. For example, lands, factories, shops, tools and machines are capital. If someone has money that can be "invested", that money is capital too.

In capitalist systems, many people are workers (or "proletarians"). They are employed to earn money for living. People can choose to work for anyone who will hire them in a free market.

This is different from many older economic systems. In "feudalism", most people were "serfs" and had to work for the people who owned the land they lived on. In "mercantilism", the government makes it hard to buy things from other countries. In many countries with "mixed economies" (part capitalism and part socialism) there are laws about what you can buy or sell, or what prices you can charge, or whom you can hire or fire.

An "investment" is when people invest (put) their money in things. People can put their money together to buy or build things, even if they are too big for one person to make alone. The people who invest get to be the owners of what they buy or build together. The stock market lets people buy and sell investments.

Investing is important to capitalism. The word "capitalist" can mean two things: it can mean someone who likes capitalism; but it can also mean someone who invests. For example, a "venture capitalist" invests in new businesses.

People who start businesses, or invest in businesses, can make a lot of money. A business sells things that people want. The investors make extra money, which is called "profit". Investors can take their profit and invest it in more businesses, or in making the business bigger. The investors can get more and more profit if the businesses are successful.

"Socialists" and "communists" are people who do not support capitalism. They say it hurts workers, because businesses make more money by selling things than they pay the workers who make the things. Business owners become rich while workers remain poor and exploited (taken advantage of). They also argue society would be more efficient if people thought less about competing against one another for their own interests and thought more of working together for the overall good of society. Another argument is that each person has a right to basic needs (such as food and shelter). Within capitalism, sometimes people might not get everything they need to live. Capitalism is also said to be the main culprit of economic inequality.

Karl Marx was a famous communist philosopher from Germany. He wrote a famous book called "The Capital" (or "Das Kapital" in German). He said that capitalism would go away after workers decided to take over the government in a revolution because of the exploitation. There were violent communist revolutions in many countries. Many people were killed because of this. But capitalism did not go away, and most of these communist systems have collapsed and do not exist today, or else they have become more capitalist. Some people think that communism in those countries did not work because Marx's ideas, though nice in thought, did not really work. Others think that communist countries collapsed because of the attacks (military, political and economic) from capitalist countries.

Anarchists (that are not anarcho-capitalists) do not support capitalism either. They do not think there should be any bosses because it is a hierarchy. They think that Marxist–Leninist governments were unsuccessful because they were dictatorships that said that they would rule in the name of workers, but ruled in the name of their leaders. They think that these governments were state capitalist and not socialist.

There are different words for people who support capitalism. In many parts of the world, these people are called either "conservatives" or "liberals". In the United States, the word liberal means someone who supports capitalism but wants some rules on what the market can do and cannot do. "Libertarian" is a word that in America and some other countries means someone who wants the government to have little or no power to tell people what to buy or sell.

The reasons for capitalism are not just economic. They are political. People who like capitalism believe that capitalism provides liberty by the citizen by allowing them to be independent. Friedrich Hayek agreed with this and connected the open society with respect for the individual, and tolerance for the differences between people.

Another argument for the endorsement of capitalism is that it is arguably better than other economic models, like communism, for example. While most communist nations (such as the Soviet Union and Democratic Kampuchea) collapsed deep in poverty, hunger, dictatorships and/or genocides, capitalist countries (such as the United States and the UK) prospered economically.

People who support capitalism also have disagreements. Most people agree that capitalism works better if the government keeps people from stealing other people's things. If people could steal anything, then nobody would want to buy anything. However, if people shared everything, then no one would need to buy anything.

In most countries, the government does more than that. It tries to make sure that people buy and sell fairly and that employment is fair. But most of the time, the government making sure that employment is fair is also on the benefitting side of capitalism. The government takes money in taxes and spends it according to what the governing body wants, often not what the citizens who elected the governing body want their taxes to be spent on. People in power spend money on guns and ships for the military. When the government is in charge of part of the economy, this is called a "social democracy." However, when the government spends money, it causes arguments about what the money should be spent on, because often times we don't vote on policies, we vote on people we depend on making the policies.

A few people think that people can protect themselves without any government. Instead of having laws against stealing, people could protect their own things, or agree to pay other people such as arbitrators, insurers, and private defenders to protect them. This belief is called "anarcho-capitalism." These people think that the government is trying to take away their earnings, because it takes taxes away from people against their will and keeps them from making agreements between themselves.


Ghana

Ghana (formerly the Gold Coast) is a country in West Africa. Thirty-one million people live there; its capital is Accra. It is in Western Africa, bordering the Gulf of Guinea, between Côte d'Ivoire and Togo.

Since Ghana is near the Equator, the climate is very warm and tropical. The eastern coastal belt is warm and comparatively dry. South west corner is hot and humid. The north is hot and dry. Lake Volta (the world’s largest artificial lake) extends through eastern Ghana.

Most Ghanaians have access to primary and secondary education. Ghana has a 6-year primary school system. There are 6 public universities and 10 private universities.

Ghana has many natural resources. The main exports are gold, timber, cocoa, diamonds, and more. Ghana has one of the strongest economies in Africa.

Ghana used “Cedi” for their currency but in July 2007, “Ghanaian Cedi” became the new currency. 1 Ghana Cedi is equal to 1000 Cedi. 1 US dollar is currently exchanged at about 8 Ghana Cedi.

Ghana is a country located on the Gulf of Guinea. It is only a few degrees north of the Equator. This gives it a warm climate. The country has an area of . It is surrounded by Togo to the east, Côte d'Ivoire to the west, Burkina Faso to the north and the Gulf of Guinea (Atlantic Ocean) to the south.

The country has flat plains, low hills and a few rivers. Ghana can be divided into five different geographical regions. The coastline is mostly a low, sandy shore backed by plains and scrub. It is crossed by several rivers and streams. The northern part of the country has high plains. Southwest and south central Ghana is made up of a forested plateau region with the Ashanti uplands and the Kwahu Plateau. The hilly Akuapim-Togo ranges are found along the country's eastern border.

The Volta Basin also takes up most of central Ghana. Ghana's highest point is Mount Afadjato. It is and is found in the Akwapim-Togo Ranges.

There are two main seasons in Ghana: the wet and the dry seasons. Northern Ghana has its rainy season from March to November. The south, including the capital Accra, has the season from April to mid-November.

Ghana is divided into 16 administrative regions, sub-divided into 275 districts:

In 1482, Portuguese colonists from the expedition of Diogu de Azambuja were first on the coast who built Elmina Castle, then Aksim Fortresses, Shama and others. The Portuguese exported gold (the country was then called the Golden Beach) and slaves. By the middle of the 19th century, the United Kingdom pushed out from the other European competitors from the Golden coast.

Football is the most popular sport. The national men's football team is known as the Black Stars. The under-20 team is known as the Black Satellites. Ghana has been in many championships including the African Cup of Nations, the FIFA World Cup and the FIFA U-20 World Cup. In the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Ghana became the third African country to reach the quarter final stage. There are several club football teams in Ghana, which play in the Ghana Premier League and Division One League. Both are managed by the Ghana Football Association.

The country also has quite a few quality boxers such as Azumah Nelson a three time world champion, Nana Yaw Konadu also a three time world champion, Ike Quartey, and Joshua Clottey.
There are also notable games like Oware,Dame and the others which traces back to their Ancestry background.




Strawberry Shortcake

Strawberry Shortcake is a doll. The doll has red hair and smells like strawberries. Kenner products created the first Strawberry Shortcake doll in 1979. At that time she resembled a typical rag doll, complete with freckles, a mop of red yarn hair, and a strawberry printed bonnet but the unique selling point was that, she smelt of strawberries. The Strawberry Shortcake line of characters each had their own fruit or dessert-themed name with clothing to match, and they each had a dessert or fruit-named pet. Like the Strawberry Shortcake doll, all the other characters’ dolls had hair scented to match their dessert theme.

There was Apple Dumpling, the baby and Raspberry Tart who, in the television programs, was capable of the odd cutting remark. This is what Apple Dumpling looked like back in the 1980s.

She first appeared on cards by American Greetings, and there soon were a series of dolls (each that smell like a different fruit and had a pet) and several TV specials produced by DIC and Nelvana. The characters in the collection from the 1980s were:


In 2002, after other 1980s toys (Care Bears, G.I. Joe,etc.) were brought back for youndger kids and parents who played with them and new line of dolls was released and along with several direct-to-DVD specials. 
The new dolls are:

Strawberry Shortcake: Berry In The Big City Is A Canadian animated television series produced by Wildbrain Studios Which airs on Netflix (United States) and Family Jr. (Canada)

Christina Aguilera

Christina María Aguilera (born December 18, 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress and dancer. She has earned five Grammy Awards and five number-one singles on the US "Billboard" Hot 100: "Genie in a Bottle", "What a Girl Wants", "Come on Over Baby (All I Want Is You)", a cover of "Lady Marmalade" (with P!nk, Mýa, and Lil' Kim), and "Moves like Jagger" (with Maroon 5). She also earned the top-ten hits "I Turn to You", "Beautiful", "Ain't No Other Man", "Keeps Gettin' Better", "Feel This Moment" (with Pitbull), and "Say Something" (with A Great Big World).

Christina María Aguilera was born in Staten Island, New York, on December 18, 1980. Her parents Fausto Xavier Aguilera, was a soldier in the United States Army and Shelly Loraine (née Fidler), was a violinist and pianist, respectively. Her father has Ecuadorian ancestry. Her American mother has German, English, Irish, Scots-Irish, and French ancestry. Throughout her father's service in the Army, her family moved to various locations, including New Jersey, Texas, New York, and Japan. Her parents divorced when Aguilera was six years old. She, her mother, and her younger sister Rachel then lived at her grandmother's home in Rochester, Pennsylvania, a town outside Pittsburgh. Her mother later remarried.

Aguilera made her debut in "Star Search" in 1990. Three years later, she starred on "The New Mickey Mouse Club". She starred alongside entertainers Britney Spears, Fergie, Ryan Gosling, JC Chasez, and Justin Timberlake.

She was signed to RCA Records after making the song "Reflection" for the movie "Mulan". Aguilera received a Best New Artist Grammy Award for her first album "Christina Aguilera" (1999). She made a Latin pop album, "Mi Reflejo", and a Christmas album, "My Kind of Christmas". "Mi Reflejo" won a Latin Grammy Award. Aguilera received Grammy Awards for her second album "Stripped" (2002), and her third album "Back to Basics" (2006). 

In 2007, Aguilera was featured on rapper Diddy's single "Tell Me".

In 2008, she released her first greatest hits album, "Keeps Gettin' Better – A Decade of Hits", a new song, "Dynamite", and new versions of her hits "Genie in a Bottle" and "Beautiful", called "Genie 2.0" and "You Are What You Are (Beautiful)". In 2011, Aguilera became a coach on "The Voice".

Aguilera released her sixth album, "Bionic", in 2010. It featured the single "Not Myself Tonight". The song's music video was compared to the style of fellow entertainer Lady Gaga. 

In October 2011 Aguilera performed "Smile" and "Dirty Diana" at Michael Jackson Forever. Aguilera released her seventh album "Lotus" on November 9, 2012. Two singles were released from the album. The first single, "Your Body", reached the top ten in Canada and the top 40 in the US. Aguilera made a Spanish song for the 2012 movie "Casa de Mi Padre". Aguilera also sung a song on the sound track of the 2013 movie "" called "We Remain". 

Aguilera was also a featured artist on rapper Pitbull's single "Feel This Moment" in 2013. Later that year, she performed a duet of Lady Gaga's single "Do What U Want" on "The Voice" with Gaga. The studio version of the duet was released January 1, 2014. 

She sang on the single version of A Great Big World's single "Say Something", which reached number one in Canada and Australia and the top five in other countries. She released the standalone song "Change" in 2016, after the Pulse Nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida.

On June 15, 2018, Aguilera released her eighth studio album, "Liberation". In 2022, she released the EP "La Fuerza", returning to Latin music.

Aguilera possesses a four-octave soprano vocal range. She is also recognized her ability to sing in the whistle register.

She lists Cher, Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald, Etta James, Aretha Franklin, Madonna, Janet Jackson, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Michael Jackson, Pearl Bailey, and the bands Red Hot Chili Peppers and Guns N' Roses as her musical influences.

Aguilera has two children, son Max Liron Bratman (born January 12, 2008) from her former husband Jordan Bratman and daughter Summer Rain Rutler (born August 16, 2014) with her current fiancé Matthew Rutler. Both of her children were born via cesarean section.

In 2010 Aguilera acted in a film for the first time. It was a musical called "Burlesque". She played a woman called Ali. She sang eight of the songs in the soundtrack.




Chicken

Chicken ("Gallus gallus domesticus") is a term which refers to a species of poultry. It is raised in many places for its meat and eggs. They are usually kept by humans as livestock. Some breeds of chickens can fly for a short distance. Some sleep in trees (if there are trees around).

A male chicken is called a rooster or a cock(erel). Roosters do not have penises. A female chicken is called a hen; a young chicken is called a chick. Like other female birds, hens lay eggs. The eggs hatch into chicks. 

When raising chickens, a farmer needs a chicken coop (like a little house) for the chickens to roost (sleep) in. They also need a run or yard where they can exercise, take dust baths, eat and drink. The chickens also need to be protected from predators such as foxes. Fences are often used for this. 

Chickens can also be farmed intensively. This lets farms make a lot of chicken meat and eggs.

Chickens are well known for their eggs. Many people eat them for their breakfast. The eggs can be prepared in many different ways. 
Because of their low cost, chicken meat (also called "chicken") is one of the most used kinds of meat in the world. Americans eat 8 billion chickens every year. Some popular dishes with chicken are: Buffalo wings, butter chicken, chicken rice, chicken balls, chicken pot pie, chicken soup, fried chicken (see picture), roasted chicken and tandoori chicken.

There are different cuts of chicken. Chicken meat can also be bought whole. The leanest part is known as the breast. Sliced pieces of the breast are known as the tender(loin). There are also wings, thighs, and legs (also known as drumsticks).

Chickenpox has nothing to do with chickens. When chickenpox was first described, people thought that the pox spots looked like chickpeas placed upon the skin. The Latin word for chickpeas is "grana". That is the original word that chickenpox got its name from.

In some parts of the world people breed chickens to fight. They bet money on which of two birds will win. In many places this is illegal.

<br>
<br>

Floppy disk

The floppy disk is a removable magnetic storage medium. Floppy disks are used for moving information between computers, laptops or other devices. Some early digital cameras, electronic music instruments and older computer game consoles use floppy disks. Floppy disks are inserted in to a floppy disk drive or simply floppy drive to allow data to be read or stored.

Floppy disks store much less data than a CD-ROM disk or USB flash drive. A normal 3 inch disk can store 1.44 megabytes of data. This is usually enough for simple text documents.

A special type of floppy disk was made in the late 1980s. It could store 2.88 MB of data. They did not become popular. Larger size floppy disks became available in the 1990s. The two most popular were the Zip drive and the Jaz drive, both made by Iomega.

Floppy disk technology has been around since the early 1970s (the 8-inch floppy was the first). Today, floppy disks have been replaced by other storage media, like USB flash drives. Floppy disks and drives are no longer manufactured, but are still widely-available as new old stock.

set

Nat King Cole

Nathaniel Adams Coles, professionally known as Nat King Cole, (March 17, 1919 – February 15, 1965) was an American jazz musician, singer and songwriter. He was born in the southern city of Montgomery, Alabama. His father was a Christian minister. Millions of Nat King Cole’s recordings were sold while he was alive. He died of lung cancer in February, 1965, when he was 45 years old. People around the world still enjoy listening to the music of one of America’s greatest performers of popular and jazz music.

When Cole was four years old, his parents moved the family to North Chicago, Illinois. His younger brother was Freddy Cole. He learned to play the piano when he was very young. His mother was the only piano teacher he ever had. He gave his first public performance when he was four. By the time he was twelve, Cole was playing piano at his father’s church. His father was pastor of the First Baptist church in North Chicago, Illinois for 29 years.

Cole played piano in New York City and Los Angeles, California when he was a young man. In 1937, he formed a group that played jazz music. Oscar Moore played the guitar and Wesley Prince played the bass. The trio reportedly did not need a drummer because Cole’s piano playing kept the beat so well. They named the group, The King Cole Trio. At the same time, Cole also changed his name into Nat King Cole. The trio soon became very popular. Nat sang some songs, but mostly played the piano.

By the middle 1940s, Nat King Cole was beginning to be known as a popular singer as well as a jazz piano player. He was one of the first musicians to record with new Capitol Records.

The first song he recorded for Capitol was "Straighten Up and Fly Right". He wrote the song. The words were based on his father’s teachings. The song became one of the biggest hits of 1943. It sold more than 500,000 copies.

Nat recorded hundreds of songs. Some of the most popular include "Sweet Lorraine", "Nature Boy", "Those Lazy-Hazy-Crazy Days of Summer", "When I Fall in Love", and "Mona Lisa". In 1950, the American film industry gave him an award for his recording of "Mona Lisa". That song made him famous as a singer.

Nat King Cole also acted in movies. The best known one is "Saint Louis Blues". He played the part of the jazz composer W.C. Handy. He also appeared in a movie about himself called "The Nat King Cole Story".

In the 1950s, he sang with some of the best known orchestras of the time.

He received many awards during his life. He also received many more after his death. One was a 1990 Grammy Award for lifetime achievement.

By 1956, Nat King Cole was known internationally. He signed an agreement to perform at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Cole often performed in places that only admitted white people. Black leaders did not like this about him. Cole said he tried to take legal action against those places but often failed.

Cole earned more money and moved to California. He bought a house in an area where white people lived. At that time, many white Americans did not want to live near blacks. White home owners nearby protested the purchase of a house by a black family. Cole and his family refused to leave and lived in the house without problems.

Cole was the first black man to have his own television program. His program began on NBC Television in 1956. NBC agreed to support "The Nat King Cole Show" for a while. It hoped American companies would pay to sell their products on the program. However, major companies were not willing to advertise on a program that had a black performer. They believed that white people in the southern part of the United States would not buy their products. Many Americans watched the show, but NBC stopped production after a year.

Nat King Cole was married twice. In 1936, he married a dancer, Nadine Robinson. Their marriage failed. In 1948, he married Maria Ellington. They had three children. They also adopted and raised two other children.

Nat’s daughter, Natalie followed her father as a singer. She recorded many songs after her father died. In 1991, Natalie Cole recorded an album called "Unforgettable". It contains 22 of Nat King Cole’s songs, including the song "Unforgettable". Modern technology made it possible to mix her voice with a recording of her father singing the same song.


Voice of America

The Voice of America (VOA) is the official broadcasting service of the United States government. It is one of the best-known stations in international broadcasting. Along with English, VOA broadcasts in many other languages. VOA's broadcasts are made to share a positive view of the United States with the world. Americans in the United States are not part of VOA's intended audience, but many Americans do listen to the program.

VOA was organized in 1942 under the Office of War Information with news programs aimed at Europe and North Africa occupied by Germany. VOA began broadcasting on February 24, 1942, but VOA noted in its site that it began broadcasting on February 1, 1942. Transmitters used by VOA came from shortwave transmitters used by the Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) and National Broadcasting Company (NBC). Voice of America began to transmit radio broadcasts into the Soviet Union on February 17, 1947.

During the Cold War, VOA's budget was reduced. On August 1, 1953, VOA was separated from the Department of State and it was included under the Information Agency. VOA moved its headquarters from New York to Washington, DC. next year. In 1959 VOA started "Special English" programs. In the 1980s, VOA also added a television service, as well as special regional programs to Cuba, Radio Marti and TV Marti.

One of VOA's famous programs was remembered as "Jazz Hour" presented by Willis Conover. This program continued for 40 years, and its record remains at the National Museum of American History, also known as ""Smithsonian".

The Voice of America broadcasts in 46 different languages. Television broadcasts are marked with a star:


George Gershwin

George Gershwin (September 26, 1898; Brooklyn, New York – July 11, 1937; Hollywood, California) was an American composer and a pianist.

George Gershwin was born on September 26, 1898, in Brooklyn, New York.
His family immigrated to the United States. Gershwin, his two brothers and sister had a close, happy family life. George liked playing games on the streets of New York. He liked exploring the city, but he did not like school or studying.

While exploring the city, Gershwin heard jazz and blues music spilling out of public drinking places. However, he did not become seriously interested in music until he heard another boy playing the violin in a concert at his school. Gershwin began to take piano lessons. His teacher was a fine classical musician. He immediately recognized Gershwin's unusual ability. The teacher wrote about him to a friend: "I have a student who will make his mark in music, if anybody will. The boy is a genius, without doubt."

Gershwin studied classical piano, and he was a first-rate pianist,but his strongest interest continued to be jazz and popular music. He loved playing piano and it was his passion. At the age of fifteen, he left school and went to work in the music business. The New York City street where most music publishers had their offices was called "Tin Pan Alley."

The phonograph and radio had been invented in the late 1800s. But it would be many years before there were musical recordings or regular radio broadcasts. Tin Pan Alley publishers needed another way to sell new songs, so they employed people to play the piano to do this.

The piano players played the songs all day long to interested singers and other performers. Gershwin was one of the youngest piano players in Tin Pan Alley. Soon, he was considered one of the finest there. He was already writing his own songs. He succeeded in getting one published when he was only 18 years old. It had a long title: "When You Want 'Em, You Can't Get ‘Em, When You've Got 'Em, You Don't Want 'Em. "

Gershwin was now a real composer. The rest of his life was an unbroken record of success. He wrote song after song. His ideas were so endless that he was not even troubled when he once lost some music he had been writing. "There is plenty more where that came from," he said.

Gershwin had his first big hit in 1919, when he was twenty-one years old. It was a song called "Swanee." A popular entertainer, Al Jolson, sang the song. "Swanee" was made into one of the first musical recordings. Gershwin was suddenly famous. He also was in the Grammy Hall of Fame.

Music critics note that "Swanee" is not like most of Gershwin's music. Later, he wrote true love songs. Some were light and funny. Some were full of intense feeling. Many of these songs were written for the popular musical theater. One of his most emotional love songs never became part of a musical play, however. It is called "The Man I love." The song was sung by the Francine Evans role [played by Liza Minnelli in Martin Scorsese's film, New York, New York] and supposedly 'written' by her character for her soon to be husband, Jimmy Doyle [superbly played by Robert De Niro], of the Jimmy Doyle Orchestra. His character also 'wrote' the title song, New York, New York, who was actually written by Fred Ebb, music by Kanter, his partner. The song became New York's official anthem in 1985.

Gershwin's older brother, Ira, wrote the words to "The Man I Love". As George became famous, Ira wrote the words to more and more of his songs.

The two brothers were very different. Ira, the writer, was quiet and serious. George, the musician, was outgoing—the life of any party. When they had to finish a new musical Ira locked George in a hotel room until it was done. But George wrote better songs with Ira than with anyone else.

One of many examples of the Gershwin's combined work is the song "They Can't Take That Away From Me." The Gershwins wrote the song for dancer and actor Fred Astaire for the film "Shall We Dance." That was George and Ira Gershwin's first movie musical.

Many of George Gershwin's songs were first written for musical plays performed in theaters in New York City. These comedies, with plenty of songs, were a popular form of entertainment in the 1920s and 1930s.

One of Gershwin's musical plays, "Girl Crazy," introduced a young singer named Ethel Merman. She became one of the most celebrated performers in America. In the play, Merman sang a song George Gershwin wrote just for her. It was called "I Got Rhythm".

Many songs that George Gershwin wrote for musical plays and movies have remained as popular as ever. Over the years, they have been sung and played in every possible way—from jazz to country.

One example is the song, "Someone to Watch Over Me." It was written for the 1926 musical "Oh, Kay!"

In the nineteen twenties, there was a debate in the United States about jazz music. Could jazz, some people asked, be considered serious music?

In 1924, jazz musician and orchestra leader Paul Whiteman decided to organize a special concert to show that jazz was serious music. Gershwin agreed to compose something for the concert before he realized how little time he had to do it. The concert was just a few weeks away. Gershwin got busy, and, in that short time, he composed a piece for piano and orchestra. He called it "Rhapsody in Blue."

Gershwin himself played the piano part of "Rhapsody in Blue" at the concert. The audience included some of the greatest classical musicians of the time. When they heard his music, they were electrified. It seemed to capture, for the first time, the true voice of modern American culture. Today, we can still hear Gershwin playing "Rhapsody in Blue." An old mechanical piano recording Gershwin created has been reproduced exactly. There are also very early versions of "Rhapsody in Blue" which feature Gershwin playing the piano with Whiteman's orchestra. Those recordings, because they are early, do not sound like modern recordings. But they are recordings of Gershwin at the piano. This makes those recordings important.

"Rhapsody in Blue" made George Gershwin famous all over the world. Several hundred thousand copies of the printed music sold immediately. Gershwin was satisfied that he had shown that jazz music could be both serious and popular.

Gershwin also wrote an opera, "Porgy and Bess. " It was based on a book by DuBose Heyward. It is a tragic love story about black Americans along the coast of South Carolina.

"Porgy And Bess" opened in Boston, Massachusetts in 1935. Audiences loved it. But most critics did not know what to think of it. It was not like any other opera or musical play they had ever seen.

Gershwin did not care about the critics' opinions. He believed some of his greatest music had gone into the opera. He said he had created a new musical form—an opera based on popular culture. Today "Porgy And Bess" is considered a masterpiece.

Another well-known Gershwin piece is "An American in Paris. " It is a long tone poem for orchestra. Its first public performance was by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in 1928.

Once again, opinion was mixed. Most people loved "An American in Paris," as they loved all of Gershwin's music. Some critics liked it, too. They called it happy and full of life. Others hated it. They called it silly and long-winded.

George Gershwin died in 1937, just days after doctors learned he had brain cancer. He died while having surgery to remove the brain tumor. He was only thirty-eight years old. Newspapers all over the world reported his death on their front pages. Everyone mourned the loss of the man and all the music he might have written. Gershwin is still considered one of America's greatest composers. His works still are performed by many singers and groups. They are probably performed more often than any other serious American composer.

Austrian composer Arnold Schoenberg was one of the people who praised George Gershwin. Schoenberg said Gershwin was a man who lived in music and expressed everything through music, because music was his native language.

Gershwin stated composers like Henry Cowell, Frédéric Chopin, Maurice Ravel, Stephen Foster, Aaron Copland, Igor Stravinsky, Scott Joplin and Zez Confrey as influences.


Aaron Copland

Aaron Copland (, ; November 14, 1900December 2, 1990) was an American composer who wrote modern music.

Aaron Copland wrote many kinds of music. He wrote music for the orchestra, piano, and voice. He wrote music for plays, movies, and dance. Copland also was a conductor, pianist, speaker, teacher, and writer.

Music critics say Copland taught Americans about themselves through his music. He used parts of many old American folksongs in his work. He wanted to do this after studying music in France. He said that composers there had a very French way of writing music. He said Americans had nothing like that in this country. So he decided to compose music that was truly American.

Aaron Copland was born November 14, 1900 in Brooklyn, New York. He died at the age of 90 on December 2, 1990. He was the youngest of five children. His parents had come to the United States from eastern Europe. They owned a store in Brooklyn. Aaron began playing the piano when he was a young child. He wrote his first song for his mother when he was eight years old. His dreams of becoming a composer began when he was young. When he was sixteen, he asked his parents to let him study composing with Rubin Goldmark. Goldmark had taught the composer George Gershwin.

When he was in his early twenties, Copland went to Paris, France, where he studied music with Nadia Boulanger. She was one of the most important music teachers of the time. He returned to New York in 1924.

The famous conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Serge Koussevitzky, learned about Copland's music. Koussevitzky led the orchestra for the first performance of Copland's early work, "Music for the Theater", in 1925. Koussevitzky also conducted Copland's "Concerto for Piano and Orchestra" in 1927. This work was unusual because Copland used ideas from jazz music in his concerto.

Copland later wrote the music for two ballets about the American West. One was about the life of a famous gunfighter called Billy the Kid. Copland used music from American cowboy songs in this work. This piece from "Billy the Kid: Ballet Suite" is called "Street in a Frontier Town".

In 1942, the conductor Andre Kostelanitz asked Copland to write music about a great American, Abraham Lincoln. Copland wrote "Lincoln Portrait" to honor America's 16th president. Copland's music included parts of American folk songs and songs popular during the American Civil War. He added words from President Lincoln's speeches and letters.

"Lincoln Portrait" has been performed many times in America. Many famous people have done the speaking part.Eleanor Roosevelt, the wife of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, was one of them. Here, actor James Earl Jones performs in Copland's "Lincoln Portrait."

In 1942 the music director of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra asked 18 composers to write music expressing love for America. For the competition, Copland composed "Fanfare for the Common Man. " This music is played in America during many national events, including some presidential inaugurations (when they become presidents).

Experts say "Fanfare for the Common Man" was an example of the way Copland changed the kind of music he wrote during the 1940s. He began writing music that was more easily understood and more popular. Copland wrote about this in 1941 in his book, "Our New Music".

He wrote that the radio and record player was helping people who had never listened to music before to enjoy music. He said that there was no reason to continue writing music as if these things had not been invented. So he decided to write music in a simpler way.

Copland spread his ideas about music in other ways. He taught at the New School for Social Research in New York City and at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. One of the many awards he received was the Pulitzer Prize. He won it in 1945 for his famous music for a ballet called "Appalachian Spring." It is one of his most popular works. The last part of the ballet is based on a traditional song, "A Gift to be Simple".

Copland also wrote music for several major movies. He won an Academy Award in 1950 for composing the music for the movie "The Heiress". Then he began experimenting with what is called the twelve-tone system. His music was no longer as easy to understand, nor as popular.

Copland stopped composing at the end of the 1960s. Yet he continued to be active as a conductor and speaker. In 1982, Queens College of the City University of New York established the Aaron Copland School of Music.

Copland was a strong supporter of liberal ideas. In the early 1950s, he and other famous writers, actors and intellectuals were accused of supporting communism. Public opinion changed, though. In 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson presented him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. It is America's highest award to civilians. Aaron Copland died in 1990 at the age of 90. But his music lives on.
The article above is a reuse and modification from a script available as public domain under Terms of Use & Privacy Notice of Voice of America.


464 BC

464 BC is a year in the pre-Julian Roman calendar. It was at the time known as year 290.

Diphthong

A diphthong (pronounced "DIF-thong" or "DIP-thong") is a vowel where the speaker has to move their mouth into two different positions to make. It is a vowel where two different vowel qualities can be heard. Examples are:
waist, die, noise, road, house, fierce, bear, sure. Each of these is a different vowel sound.

A monophthong is a simple vowel sound that a person does not have to move his or her mouth to make, like the "oo" sound in "book." In a diphthong, the person combines two different monophthongs, as with the "oi" sound in the word "oil". The speaker starts with the mouth in the position to make an "o" sound, then quickly moves the mouth to make a hard "e" sound. Another example is the "ou" sound in the word "house". The mouth starts out making a sound like the soft "a" sound in "flat", then moves to make the a hard "oo" sound like the one in "caboose".

Just like with every other part of language, the exact way to pronounce a diphthong is a little different for different accents.

The word diphthong is derived from the old Greek language. Here, "di" means "two" or "double", while the part "-phthong" means "sound" or "tone", from the basic word "phthalein", which means "speak", "creating sound by the voice". 

A diphthong can be a lexeme of a language and as such it may be one syllable, but rarely. 

The Price is Right

The Price is Right is a USA game show on CBS. The current version started in 1972, and was hosted by Bob Barker for a long time. However, in 2006, Bob Barker announced that he would leave the show. His last episode aired in June 2007. Comedian Drew Carey is now the host; his first episode aired in October 2007.

In this game, a person uses his shopping skills to correctly guess the price of different products, like in a market. Some products are simple household items, like toothpaste and vitamins. Other items are more expensive products, like furniture and cars. After the third and sixth games, the "Showcase Showdown" is played. The three players who got on stage in both halves of the show spin a wheel. They get two spins of the wheel. They have to be closest to $1.00 without going over. The person with the highest total moves on to the Showcase at the end of the show. If a player gets $1.00, they win $1,000 and get another spin. If they hit the $1.00 space on that spin, they win another $25,000. If they hit the 5¢ or 15¢ space, they win another $10,000. In the Showcase, the winners of the two Showcase Showdown games are shown prize packages. They make a bid on them, and whoever comes closest to the price of their showcase without going over wins it. If they are $250 or less from the price of their showcase, they win both showcases. If someone's bid was higher than the price of the real price, that person went over, and was disqualified from winning in that round.

From 1956 - 1963, the show aired on NBC and was hosted by Bill Cullen. From 1963 - 1965, the show aired on ABC and was also hosted by Bill Cullen.

Three nighttime syndicated versions of the show aired. The first one aired from 1972 to 1980. Until 1977, it was hosted by Dennis James. For the rest of its run, it was hosted by Bob Barker. From 1985 - 1986, another nighttime version of the show, named "The Nighttime Price Is Right", was made and was hosted by Tom Kennedy. A third nighttime version, "The New Price Is Right", was made from 1994 - 1995 and was hosted by Doug Davidson. Also special million dollar prime-time episodes where people could play different versions of games for $1,000,000 were made due to CBS shows being canceled.

Monophthong

A monophthong (pronounced "Mono-F-thong") is simply a vowel. The word monophthong comes from the old Greek language. "Mono" means "one" or "single", and the "-phthong" means "sound" or "tone", from the basic word "phthalein", which means "to speak", "create sound with the voice". The word monophthong shows that a vowel is spoken with exactly one tone and one mouth position. For example, when you say "teeth", then while you are creating the sound of the "ee", nothing changes for that sound.

A monophthong can be a lexeme of a language and as such it can as well be a syllable. There is no shorter syllable than a single monophthong.


Kalua

Kalua is a Hawaiian cooking method. The word "kalua" means "to cook in an underground oven" in Hawaiian. The oven is a hole in the ground called an imu. Kalua is most often used to cook pig. Kalua pig is a popular food at luaus.

Ancient Hawaiians used rocks from rivers to cook pig. They heated the rocks in the imu and the pig cooked with steam. They covered the pig with banana leaves, ti leaves, old mats and then dirt to keep the heat inside. This produced a unique taste that cannot be reproduced.

People today kalua pig in the same way that ancient Hawaiians did. Kalua pig is still served at luaus.


Ultraviolet

Ultraviolet is the part of the electromagnetic spectrum shown on the left side of the picture below as black—because humans cannot see light of such short wavelength (or high frequency). Many animals such as some insects, some reptiles, crocodiles, salamanders, and small birds can see things that this light. UV is a common abbreviation of ultraviolet, mainly used in technical contexts.
Ultraviolet is beyond the visible violet light in terms of frequency, wavelength, and energy. Its wavelengths are between about 10 nanometers (nm) to about 400 nanometers. Frequency and wavelength are closely related. The equation that shows this relationship is: ν = c/λ . Saying that something has a short wavelength is the same as saying that it has a high frequency.

Ultraviolet light is a type of ionizing radiation. It can damage or kill cells. Any electromagnetic radiation (light) that has a wavelength shorter than 450 nm may cause trouble. Therefore, humans that live in places with more ultraviolet light have adapted by getting darker skins. Pigments absorb the ultraviolet radiation, so it does not get through the skin to kill or injure cells inside. Injury to the skin by ultraviolet is called "sunburn."
The violet light and ultraviolet light differ in their wavelength, frequency, and quantum energy. The differences between ultraviolet light and x-rays are also wavelength, frequency and quantum energy. In the electromagnetic spectrum, ultraviolet is beyond violet, x-rays are beyond ultraviolet, and gamma rays are beyond x-rays.

Electromagnetic waves with a wavelength from about 400 nanometers down to about 10 nanometers are commonly called ultraviolet. Their characteristic photon energy is about 3 to 124 electronvolts.

Although the air of the Earth is transparent to a broad range of ultraviolet, some ultraviolet sunlight is absorbed at a very high altitude by the ozone layer. Recent and ongoing destruction of ozone in high altitudes caused by human influence—mostly by industrial chemicals and air travel—has greatly increased the amount of ultraviolet light reaching the Earth's surface. This, in turn, has increased the risk of skin cancer to mankind, and this risk will only increase with time unless the ozone layer is better protected.

Ultraviolet wavelengths less than 200 nanometers, X-rays, and gamma rays, are collectively called ionizing radiation since the energy in any such light quantum is high enough to 'kick' an electron out of an atom. This is why these kinds of radiation are dangerous to life. Ultraviolet light is subdivided into three main bands. UV-C has the shortest wavelengths and is dangerous ionizing radiation. Nitrogen and oxygen absorb the UV-C from solar radiation. UV-B has medium wavelength and is less dangerous to living things. The Earth's ozone layer absorbs most of it. UV-A from the Sun gets through the atmosphere entirely. It has wavelength almost as long as visible light, and many animals can see it but humans cannot.

Ordinary glass does not let radiation through if its wavelength is less than 200 nanometers, so it acts as a shield against the more dangerous range of ultraviolet light, but some special sorts of glass do not shield as well, including many car windows.

One use for ultraviolet radiation is tanning. Use of tanning devices can cause skin cancer because ultraviolet goes through the skin and causes destruction to cells, causing sunburn.

Because of the destructive power of ultraviolet light, it can be used to kill germs. Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant.

People need some ultraviolet light to convert cholesterol into vitamin D.

An ultraviolet lamp is one that emits mostly ultraviolet light. These germicidal lamps are often used to kill microbes (germs). They can be very powerful, so the people who work around them when they are turned on may need to wear protective glasses and keep their skin covered to avoid injury.

In the laboratory pictured, ultraviolet lights are turned on when the workers are gone, so that anything on the table surface will be killed. Besides ultraviolet light, which makes up most of the light produced by these lamps, there is also a little violet and blue light. This lets people know when the ultraviolet lamps are turned on.

Ornithology

Ornithology is the study of birds. A person who studies birds is called an ornithologist. 
Several aspects of ornithology differ from other disciplines, because they are easy to see and are often attractive. Many studies of birds have been done by amateurs working in a scientific manner.
Konrad Gesner wrote his "Vogelbuch" and "Icones avium omnium" around 1557. Later, England developed a tradition of ornithology. Francis Willughby, John Ray, Gilbert White, John Gould (who studied the birds of Australia) and Peter Scott are good examples.
Ornithologists typically trap birds for a closer look at them. This does not hurt the bird. Trapping birds can be done with in different ways, depending on the type of bird. For example, mist nets cause birds that fly into them to fall into a small pocket where the ornithologist can come back later and take a closer look.

After the bird has been caught, the ornithologist will usually inspect (take a close look at) the bird. They may also attach a small ring to the bird's leg before releasing the bird. The ring allows ornithologists to study the bird's migration patterns, how long they live, and other information about the bird's species.

Rod Stewart

Sir Roderick David Stewart, (born 10 January 1945) is a British pop singer, known professionally as Rod Stewart. He was born in London to an English mother and Scottish father. When he started singing in the 1960s, he was player for Brentford F.C., a football team. He started singing in local R&B groups, in the 1970s he began a solo career which made him very famous.

Sean Connery

Sir Thomas Sean Connery (25 August 1930 – 31 October 2020) was a Scottish actor. He was known for his charm and good looks, which have made him very famous. He was best known for playing James Bond in seven of the James Bond movies. He appeared in 94 movies. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Jimmy Malone in "The Untouchables" (1987).

Connery was born in Fountainbridge, Edinburgh. He was born as Thomas Connery, but later added Sean as his stage name which is what most people call him. His mother, Euphemia "Effie" McBain McLean, was a cleaning woman.

In 1946, at the age of 16, Connery joined the Royal Navy, during which time he got two tattoos. He trained in Portsmouth at the naval gunnery school and in an anti-aircraft crew. He was discharged from the navy three years later due to an ulcer.

Connery had been in smaller theatre and television productions. He became well known when he became the first actor to play James Bond. Connery was the tallest actor to play James Bond to this day. He later went on to star on "Marnie" (1964), "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974), "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975), "A Bridge Too Far" (1977), "Highlander" (1986), "The Untouchables" (1988), "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" (1989), "The Hunt for Red October" (1990), "Dragonheart" (1996), "The Rock" (1996), and "Finding Forrester" (2000). Connery retired from acting in 2006. 

During his career, he won one Academy Award, two BAFTA Awards (one being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award), and three Golden Globes. He received a lifetime achievement award in the US with a Kennedy Center Honor in 1999. Connery was knighted in 2000.

Connery was offered the role of Gandalf in "The Lord of the Rings" series but turned down the role because he didn't understand the script. Connery also turned down the opportunity to appear as the Architect in "The Matrix" trilogy for similar reasons.

Connery was married to Diane Cilento from 1962 until they divorced in 1973. They had a son, actor Jason Connery. Sean Connery married Micheline Roquebrune in 1975.

In 1993, news that Connery was undergoing radiation treatment for an undisclosed throat ailment sparked media reports that the actor was suffering from throat cancer following years of heavy smoking. He was falsely declared dead by the Japanese and South African news agencies. In 2008, he chipped a bone in his shoulder after falling while playing golf. In October 2009, he told "Wine Spectator" magazine that he has been diagnosed with a heart condition.

Connery died in his sleep at his home in Nassau, The Bahamas on 31 October 2020, aged 90. He had dementia in his later years. The cause of death was pneumonia caused by heart failure.



The Specials

The Specials were an English new wave/ska band. They were originally from Coventry, England and formed in 1977. They were part of the ska revival in Britain in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

During the ska revival, bands began playing 1960s-style Jamaican ska music. The Specials often mixed other popular music styles from the 1970s and 1980s into their music, such as punk rock.

KC and the Sunshine Band

KC and the Sunshine Band was a disco group, that was popular in the 1970s. They formed in Miami in 1973.
Hits are "That's the Way (I Like It)", "(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty", "Give It Up", "Get Down Tonight", and "Please Don't Go".



Roberta Flack

Roberta Cleopatra Flack (born February 10, 1937) is a retired American singer. She was born in Black Mountain, North Carolina. She has released nineteen studio albums. She has had three number one singles. "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" was her first number one. It won the 1973 Grammy Record of the Year. In 1974 Flack performed "When I Grow Up" with Michael Jackson. In 1999 a star was put in the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her.

Roberta Flack was born in Black Mountain, North Carolina. She was raised in Virginia. Howard University gave her a music scholarship because she was good at playing piano. When she was fifteen she became a student there.

Flack released her first album "First Take" in 1969. The album went to number one in the US album chart. It was her most successful album. In 1970 Flack's second album "Chapter Two" was released. It was less successful. In 1972 "Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway" was released. In 1973 "Killing Me Softly" was released. In 1980 Flack's second album with Donny Hathaway was released.

On November 14, 2022, it was announced by a spokesperson that Flack had been diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and had retired from singing, due to the disease making it "impossible to sing", according to her spokesperson.

Arad, Romania

Arad (pronunciation in Romanian: ; Hungarian: "Arad"; Serbian: Арад, "Arad") is the capital city of Arad County, in the western part of Romania, in Crişana, Ardeal. It is found on the Mureş River.



Transsexual

Transsexual people are people who change their appearance to more closely resemble that of the opposite sex. Transsexuals may be male or female. They typically take hormones and often undergo surgeries to support this process. They usually adopt a new name and may legally have their name changed. 

People who go from male to female (MTF) are referred to as transsexual women. People who go from female to male (FTM) are referred to as transsexual men.

Transsexual women take female hormones. They may also take drugs that stop male hormones called androgens. Taking estrogen pills makes breasts grow. It does not make beards go away. It does not make voices higher. Transgender women may remove their facial hair so it does not grow back. This takes a long time and hurts. Some transsexual women with low voices have surgery to raise their voices. Other transsexual women try to make their voice sound higher and more female without surgery. Some transsexual women also get surgery on their genitals. This is called a vaginoplasty. This is done by making a vagina from the skin of their penis, which is turned inside out. Some transsexual women also have surgery to make their faces look more feminine. Some also have surgery to make their breasts larger.

Transsexual men take male hormones. This will make their voices lower. It will make a beard grow. It can also stop their menstruation. Some transsexual men look like any other man after hormones. 

Some transsexual men have surgery. One surgery is removal of breasts (mastectomy). Some transsexual men also get surgery on their genitals. One surgery is removal of the uterus and ovaries (hysterectomy). Some may also get surgery on their outside genitals. One way takes their skin and tissue and makes it into a penis (phalloplasty). Another way takes the clitoris (which grows bigger with hormones) and puts it where the penis usually is (metoidioplasty). The place where urine comes out (urethra) can be run through the new penis. The phalloplasty looks more like a penis. A metoidioplasty has more sexual function, but it is 5 or 6 centimeters long. Some ways also make a scrotum from the labia. They may also have the vagina taken out or closed.

Very rarely, some people (called "detransitioners") who have changed sex decide this was a mistake and return to living as members of the sex in which they were born.
Some of the effects of surgery and hormones can be reversed but others are permanent.



Pianist

A pianist is a person who plays the piano.

A pianist can play music for piano alone or play together with other musicians in an ensemble or orchestra. Pianists also play along singers, solo musicians, and other performers in their leading performance.


Telephone book

A telephone book or phone book or telephone directory is a book that has lists of telephone numbers of people and businesses. People use phone books to look up the phone numbers of people and places when they need to call them. One example of a telephone book is Yellow Pages.


French dip sandwich

The French dip sandwich is a popular dish. It is a sandwich, usually on French bread, with roast beef on the inside. It comes with a special sauce called "jus" which is usually made with the juice and fat that came off the roast beef when they were cooking it. It was not originally from France; two restaurants in Los Angeles, California, "Cole's" and "Philippe's", both claim to have invented it.


Coventry

Coventry is a city in England. Coventry is the ninth biggest city in England. It is also a metropolitan borough. It is in the West Midlands county. It used to be in Warwickshire. 

During the 19th century Coventry became a great manufacturing area, especially for bicycles. In the 20th century it made many motor cars. It also made aeroplanes. It was badly bombed in World War II. During the November 1940 bombing, the city's cathedral was destroyed. A new cathedral was built after the war.

The city has three universities. Coventry University is in the city centre. The University of Warwick is in the southwest of Coventry and private Arden University in the southeast.

The local football team is Coventry City F.C..

Coventry was UK City of Culture in 2021. 

Coventry is located on the Birmingham loop of the West Coast Main Line. There are four railway stations, the main Coventry station and three local stations at Canley, Coventry Arena and Tile Hill.


Billy Preston

Billy Preston (September 2, 1946 - June 5, 2006) was an American R&B musician. He is best known for his piano and organ playing.

Preston began playing piano when he was three years old. He worked with many other musicians including Aretha Franklin, Sammy Davis Jr., Quincy Jones, Eric Clapton, the Jackson 5 and the Rolling Stones.

He worked on The Beatles's last album, "Let It Be", in 1969, including the song "Get Back". Many people thought that Preston would join the group, but the Beatles broke up shortly afterwards. He later worked with George Harrison, who had been a Beatle.

Preston's biggest success also came from working with another musician. He did a duet with Syreeta Garrett on "With You I'm Born Again" in 1979. It sold over a million copies and reached Number 2 in the United Kingdom singles chart.

Preston was gay. He died of respiratory failure after being in a coma from a heart infection.

Pop

A pop is an onomatopoeic term for a quick sharp explosion.

Pop or POP could also mean:







Computer virus

A computer virus is a program that is able to copy itself when it is run. Often, computer viruses are run as a part of other programs. Any program that is affected by the virus is "infected". Biological viruses also work that way, as they copy themselves as part of other organisms. This is how the computer virus got its name.

In addition to copying itself, a computer virus can also execute instructions that cause harm. For this reason, computer viruses affect security. They are part of malware.

Very often, the term is also used for other kinds of malware, such as trojan horses and worms. Even though this is wrong, it may be difficult to tell the difference between different kinds of malware; they often occur together, and only an expert may be able to tell them apart. Such programs also fit more than one category.

Computer viruses are created for a cause, sometimes they are created to spread political messages and they are also created to hack some system files.

Computer viruses are spread through many ways. Some of the common ways of spreading are through downloads, email attachments, removable hardwares, and so on. Most viruses are very dangerous kind of malware.

There are different kinds of computer viruses:

In the beginning, operating systems on personal computers (or PC) did not have the concept of access control. There were no "users", everyone could do everything. Modern operating systems have the concept of access control. There can be more than one user and some users may have more "privileges" than others. Certain users may only have access to certain files and are unable to access others. Other users may be able to modify or delete certain files. These privileges can be specified for each file.

The damage a virus can cause is influenced by the rights the user has; if the user has no rights to write to certain places in the system, the virus will not be able to spread to those places.

Another problem is that sometimes the system for rights management may be available, but that it is not used by default. This is the case with systems such as Windows NT or Windows XP, where by default all users have same rights.

Antivirus software can protect computers against known viruses. Some antivirus software scan files and compare a hash code for each file with its database of hash codes (or "signature"). If the code matches, it has likely found a virus. This way of doing things has created some problems. It will only protect against viruses whose hash code is known. The companies that wrote the antivirus need to keep the virus signatures up-to-date and need to give this information to the PC to be protected.

There are two possible modes of scanning: Either the file is scanned ""on demand"" (or ""manually""), or it is scanned when the system registers an access to the file called ""on access"".

Antivirus software cannot offer full protection, even in the case the virus is known. Some viruses use something called polymorphic code to change their signature every time they move. No matter how many signatures the company has, they will not be able to stop these types of viruses.

Another way that antivirus software can protect against viruses is to use heuristics. Instead of knowing each virus by its signature, heuristic antivirus software look at the behavior of other software. If a software does something that seems bad, the antivirus software steps-in to stop it. Since every step needs to be watched, this is a slow way to do things.

The best protection against viruses can be obtained by using a system that boots off a read-only medium, such as a compact disc (called CD), digital versatile disc (called DVD), or USB flash drive (called USB) that does not allow write access to hard disk (or other removable media). This limits the usability of the computer as it is not possible to save documents or install new programs. Only -R media (not -RW) should be used, and the media should be finalized to prevent creating a new session that might possibly contain a virus.

Mac

Mac can be:

"MAC" can be:

Tom Jones

Tom Jones can refer to:


Hades

Hades (, "Háidēs") is the king of the underworld (not to be confused with the god of the dead, Thanatos) in ancient Greek religion and myth. He is the eldest son of the Titans Kronos and Rhea and brother to Zeus, Poseidon, Hestia, Hera, Demeter and Chiron. 

As the lord of the dead, Hades was greatly feared by the Greeks, and he had few temples or shrines dedicated to him. He was married to the goddess Persephone, the daughter of Zeus and Demeter. Hades’ symbols were the cornucopia, a sceptre, the cypress, narcissus, poplar and his Helm of Darkness; the screech owl was his sacred animal. His sacred fruit was the pomegranate, the fruit that Persephone ate one- third of when she was kidnapped and in the underworld.

Hades’ Roman equivalent was Pluto, whose name is merely a Latinization of the Greek "Plouton".

Superlative

A superlative, in grammar, is an adjective describing a noun that is the best example of a given quality. In other words, a superlative describes a noun that has more of some quality than any other. 

Some examples:

In English, most superlatives can be formed by adding -EST to an existing adjective, like the examples above. (For adjectives that end in "-y", like "crazy", you often change the "y" to an "i" before you add the -EST on the end.)

Some adjectives have irregular superlative forms, which do not follow the rules, such as far ("farthest") and bad ("worst"). 

Other adjectives have no superlative form at all, and the superlative is made simply by adding the adverb "most" before the adjective. For instance, you do not say "funnest," or "interestingest". Instead, you say "most fun," and "most interesting." 
This way of making the superlative is used for almost all adjectives ending in "ing" (like "interesting", "fascinating", "disgusting" or "appealing".)

Learning disability

Learning disabilities, also called learning difficulties, are conditions that make it difficult to learn and understand things in the same way others do. Some people with learning difficulties also find it hard to fit in with other people because there are many things that people must know to live in society that are not easy to learn.

Learning difficulties can be things that people can learn to live with on their own, like dyslexia (a difficulty with reading) and dysgraphia (a difficulty with writing). They can also be big things that mean a person needs more help (like autism). People with learning disabilities may have average intelligence. Learning disabilities are not the same as mental illnesses. They may be able to deal with their difficulties by doing things in different ways.



Wheelbarrow

A wheelbarrow is a kind of vehicle that is built to be pushed around with a load inside it. It is usually used in gardens.

Most wheelbarrows have one wheel, but some have two.
Wheelbarrows are used to carry heavy stuff which some people cannot carry.

Cold

Cold is a relative term used in comparison with the adjective warm (opposite of cold). Because it is relative, there is no range in coldness. The temperatures in the winter season are often categorized as being cold. Cold is the opposite of hot. 

The coldest possible temperature is −273.15 °C, which can be expressed as −459.67 °F on the Fahrenheit scale. This is called absolute zero. Absolute zero is also 0 K on the Kelvin scale and 0 °R on the Rankine scale

Cooling is when an object gets cold, or lowers in temperature. This can happen by taking away heat, or by putting something in a place with a lower temperature. Fluids used to cool objects are called coolants.

Air cooling is making the temperature of an object lower using air. This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object. The process will work better if there is more surface area on the object or if the item's mass can be made smaller.

Other ways to cool objects include using ice, dry ice, or liquid nitrogen. This works by convection; the heat is taken from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant.


Electrical conductivity

Electrical conductivity is the measure of a material's ability to allow the transport of an electric charge. Its SI is the "siemens per meter", (Asmkg) (named after Werner von Siemens) or, more simply, Sm. 

It is the ratio of the current density to the electric field strength. It is equivalent to the electrical conductance measured between opposite faces of a 1-metre cube of the material under test. 


Electrical conductance is an electrical phenomenon where a material contains movable particles with electric charge (such as electrons), which can carry electricity. When a difference of electrical potential is placed across a conductor, its electrons flow, and an electric current appears.

A conductor such as a metal has high conductivity, and an insulator like glass or a vacuum has low conductivity. A semiconductor has a conductivity that varies widely under different conditions.

Electrical conductivity is the reciprocal (or inverse) of electrical resistivity.

Pierre Omidyar

Pierre Omidyar (born June 21, 1967) created and is now the chairman of eBay. He was born in Paris, France to a French-Iranian family. Born in Paris, France, brought up by Iranian parents, Omidyar moved to the United States at the age of six. He grew up in Washington D.C. and developed an interest in computing while still at St. Andrew’s Episcopal School in Bethesda, Maryland. He graduated high school in 1984. In 1988 he graduated in computer science from Tufts University. He helped write MacDraw in 1989 for Claris, a part of Apple Computer. Two years later he co-founded Ink Development (later renamed eShop). He was 28 when he wrote the original computer code for what eventually became e-Bay. The site was launched on Labor Day, Monday, September 4 1995, under the more basic name “Auction Web.”

Caribert of Laon

Caribert of Laon, son of Martin of Laon, was the grandfather of Charlemagne. He was the father of Charles's mother, Bertrada of Laon. In 721, he signed, with his mother Bertrada of Prüm, the foundation act of the Abbey of Prüm. The same year, also with his mother, he made a donation to the Abbey of Echternach. In 744, his daughter Bertrada of Laon (by Bertrada of Cologne) married Pepin the Short, mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy and later king of the Franks. He died before 762.

First Lady of the United States

First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) is the title and role held by hostess of the White House and usually the wife of the president of the United States, during the president's term in office.

Jill Biden is the current first lady of the United States, in role since January 2021 as the wife of President Joe Biden.

The first lady is not elected by the people of the United States. There are no official jobs she is officially required to perform and she is not paid for being the first lady, but she is often involved in political campaigns, managements of the White House, participating in social causes and representing the president at official and ceremonial occasions and accompanying the president on foreign summits and events.

The Office of the First Lady of the United States helps the first lady carry out her duties as the official hostess of the White House, and is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House.

The first lady has her own staff that includes a chief of staff, press secretary, White House Social Secretary, and Chief Floral Designer. The Office of the First Lady is located in the East Wing of the White House.

Since the 1920s, many first ladies have become public speakers, to promote public initiatives. A staff supports her agenda.

Some first ladies have had an inspirational fashion style such as Martha Washington, Abigail Adams, Dolley Madison, Elizabeth Monroe, Mary Todd Lincoln, Edith Roosevelt, Grace Coolidge, Eleanor Roosevelt, Mamie Eisenhower, Jacqueline Kennedy, Lady Bird Johnson, Pat Nixon, Betty Ford, Nancy Reagan, Barbara Bush, Hillary Clinton, Laura Bush, Michelle Obama, Melania Trump, and Jill Biden.

As of 2024, there are four living former first ladies.

Star Wars

Star Wars is an American science-fiction media franchise created by George Lucas. As of December 2019, nine movies in the main series have been made by Lucasfilm Ltd, released by 20th Century Fox, and distributed by Disney.

"Star Wars" has been so popular that there have been "Star Wars" books, video games, television shows, toys, spin-off movies/television series and more. It is also known for its iconic music by John Williams. With influences such as, "Starcrash", "The Man Who Saved The World", etc.

The Force is a mystical power. Those who can harness if for good follow a religion known as the Jedi. It is a belief that the force flows through every living thing. In the words of Obi-Wan Kenobi:

People who can control the Force with their minds get a number of psychic powers, such telepathy (reading others thoughts), telekenesis (moving things with their minds), precognition (knowing about things before they happen), mind control (telling people commands they must follow), and the ability to heal others (they are healed by transferring ones life force to another to heal there wounds)

The Jedi are a group of beings who use the Force to bring peace and harmony to people, planets, and cultures. They are trained to use the force for good purposes. They are sworn enemies with another group called the Sith.

The Sith are a group of beings who use the force as a power source; they are trained to use the force to gain ultimate power. The Sith normally use the force to gain power in battles with their enemy who are the Jedi. They also use the force to bring destruction to the universe and anything in their way. They are the antagonists, and they usually use red lightsabers in contrast to the variety of colors used by the Jedi. There are usually only two Sith, a master and an apprentice.

The lightsaber is a dangerous and powerful weapon used by the Jedi and the Sith. It can be described simply as a light sword. These weapons are very special to a Jedi or Sith. They are custom built to special specifications by the Jedi or Sith. The Sith tend to take a Jedi's lightsaber as a prize if they win the battle. Many epic battles have been fought with lightsabers between the Jedi and the Sith. For the lightsaber to be a weapon it is powered by a special crystal called a kyber crystal.The kyber crystal comes in many different cololrs such as: Red, white, yellow, orange, and many more. The reason it is powerful and dangerous is that when someone touches the blade, one gets burned straight away.

The main nine movies (Episodes 1 to 9) are about the Skywalker family. However, the story is told from the point of view of R2-D2 and C-3PO, two droid (robots), who appear in every movie.

Two Jedi, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn travel to a remote desert planet and find a young boy named Anakin Skywalker. They free Anakin from slavery and take him to learn the ways of the Force and to become a Jedi. 

Although Jedi are not allowed to get married, as an adult, Anakin falls in love with Senator Padmé Amidala and they get married. Anakin's later has nightmares of Padmé dying in childbirth so he asks for help from the evil Darth Sidious. Sidious teaches Anakin to become a Sith and Anakin becomes Darth Vader. Sidious uses his army to kill all of the Jedi, with only Yoda and Obi-Wan surviving. 

Padmé gives birth to two twins: Luke and Leia, who Vader doesn't know about. After birth, the twins are separated to prevent Vader and the Dark Side from finding and hurting the children. Padmé has died shortly after giving birth. Obi-Wan Kenobi sends Luke to a planet called Tatooine to live with his Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru. Leia is raised by Senator Bail Organa of the planet Alderaan; she is called Princess Leia Organa.

Nineteen years later, Luke meets Obi-Wan, Han Solo and Chewbacca. They rescue Princess Leia, who has been captured by Darth Vader and the evil Galactic Empire. After Darth Vader kills Obi-Wan, Luke travels to a remote swamp planet to learn the Jedi ways from Yoda. Luke becomes a Jedi and rescues Han Solo from a gangster called Jabba the Hutt. 

They join the Rebellion and help to fight the Empire. Vader tells Luke that he is his father. Luke and Leia soon find out that they are siblings. Luke meets Darth Sidious, who is now the Evil Emperor. However, Darth Vader turns good again after Sidious begins to torture Luke. Vader kills Sidious and dies.

Thirty years later, however, the Empire's remnants have come together to form First Order. However, the New Republic does not believe that it is a threat. Those who do believe form the Resistance, led by Leia. During this time Leia has married Han Solo. They had a child, named Ben, but Ben was corrupted by the First Order and a dark-side force user named Snoke and is now called Kylo Ren. Luke spent the thirty years rebuilding the Jedi but has now vanished because Kylo Ren turned evil and killed the others. 

Rey, a desert scavenger who doesn't know her family, fights with Han against the First Order, but Kylo Ren kills Han. Rey joins the Resistance and manages to find Luke, who refuses to teach her to become a Jedi. Meanwhile, the First Order has destroyed the New Republic and is chasing the Resistance through space. Luke finally accepts to teach Rey how to be a Jedi. Rey develops a Force-connection with Kylo Ren. She is convinced she can turn him good so she goes to his spaceship. He brings her before Supreme Leader Snoke. Kylo Ren kills Snoke so that he can become Supreme Leader. 

A year later, the Resistance finds out that Darth Sidious has come back from the dead and he is the true leader of the First Order. Rey, Finn (a former stormtrooper), Poe Dameron, Chewbacca and some of their other friends go on a hunt to find the map leading to the planet that Sidious is hiding on. Rey finds out that Sidious is her grandfather. Kylo Ren finally turns good after his mother, Princess Leia dies. Kylo Ren and Rey use the help of the spirits of every dead Jedi to kill Sidious once and for all. Kylo Ren dies shortly after, meaning that all members of the Skywalker family are dead.

Rey returns to Tatooine, the planet where both Anakin and Luke grew up. She buries their lightsabers and when a stranger asks for her name, she says "Rey Skywalker".

There are many more characters in the series who appear in the movies, books and television series such as Ahsoka Tano, Ezra Bridger and Jyn Erso.



Many books, short movies, and video games have been produced that deal with events that do not happen in the original movies. They also tell more about things that did happen in the movies. For example, the book "Death Star" tells about the building and destruction of the space station from the original movie. It tells much about things seen in that movie but from the point of view of the people on the station. A different example is that in the Expanded Universe, sometimes the Sith are shown as the protagonists. Most of the stories in the Expanded Universe are about the rebuilding of the Republic after the Empire's defeat. They are set anywhere from the early Sith Wars which happened 5,000 years before to more than one hundred years after Episode VI.

There are currently eleven live-action movies and one animated movie. 

Nine of the movies are labelled as "episodes". These movies are part of the "Skywalker Saga", which is the central story of the franchise and follows the story of Darth Vader. Episodes 4—6 form the Original Trilogy (1977—1983), Episodes 1—3 form the Prequel Trilogy (1999—2005) and Episodes 7—9 form the Sequel Trilogy.


There have been 18 television series and three television specials. The longest series is . In addition, there have also been some short animated miniseries released on YouTube such as "Forces of Destiny" and "Galaxy of Adventures."
The "Star Wars" franchise has spawned over one hundred computer, video, and board games, dating back to some of the earliest home consoles. Some are based directly on the movie material, while others rely heavily on the non-canonical Expanded Universe (rebranded as "Star Wars Legends" and removed from the canon in 2014). "Star Wars" games have gone through three significant development eras, marked by a change in leadership among the developers: the early licensed games, those developed after the creation of LucasArts, and those created after the closure of the Lucasfilm division by Disney and the transfer of the license to Electronic Arts.

The first officially licensed electronic "Star Wars" game was Kenner's 1979 table-top "Star Wars Electronic Battle Command". In 1982, Parker Brothers published the first "Star Wars" video game for the Atari 2600, "Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back", followed soon the year later by "Star Wars: Jedi Arena", the first video game to depict lightsaber combat. They were followed in 1983 by Atari's rail shooter arcade game "Star Wars", with vector graphics to replicate the Death Star trench run scene from the 1977 film. The next game, "Star Wars: Return of the Jedi" (1984), has more traditional raster graphics, while the following "Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back" (1985) has vector graphics.

Platform games were made for the Nintendo Entertainment System, including the Japan-exclusive "Star Wars" (1987), an international "Star Wars" (1991), and "Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back" (1992). "Super Star Wars" (1992) was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, with two sequels over the next two years.

Lucasfilm founded its own video game company in 1982, becoming best known for adventure games and World War II flight combat games, but as George Lucas took more interest in the increasing success of the video game market, he wanted to have more creative control over the games and founded his own development company, LucasArts. Improved graphics allowed games to tell complex narratives, which allowed for the retelling of the films, and eventually original narratives set in the same continuity, with voice-overs and CGI cutscenes. In 1993, LucasArts released "Star Wars: X-Wing", the first self-published "Star Wars" video game and the first space flight simulator based on the franchise. It was one of the bestselling video games of 1993 and established its own series of games. The "Rogue Squadron" series was released between 1998 and 2003, also focusing on space battles set during the films.

"Dark Forces" (1995), a hybrid adventure game incorporating puzzles and strategy, was the first "Star Wars" first-person shooter. It featured gameplay and graphical features not then common in other games, made possible by LucasArts' custom-designed game engine, the Jedi. The game was well received, and it was followed by four sequels. The series introduced Kyle Katarn, who would appear in multiple games, novels, and comics. Katarn is a former stormtrooper who joins the Rebellion and becomes a Jedi, a plot arc similar to that of Finn in the sequel trilogy films. A massively multiplayer online role-playing game, "Star Wars Galaxies", was in operation from 2003 until 2011. After Disney bought Lucasfilm, LucasArts ceased its role as a developer in 2013, although it still operates as a licensor.

Following its acquisition of the franchise, Disney reassigned video game rights to Electronic Arts. Games made during this era are considered canonical, and feature more influence from the "Star Wars" filmmakers. Disney partnered with Lenovo to create the augmented reality video game "Jedi Challenges", released in November 2017. In August 2018, it was announced that Zynga would publish free-to-play "Star Wars" mobile games. The "Battlefront" games received a canonical reboot with "Star Wars: Battlefront" in November 2015, which was followed by a sequel, "Battlefront II", in November 2017. A single-player action-adventure game, "Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order", with an original story and cast of characters, was released in November 2019. A space combat game titled "Star Wars: Squadrons", which builds upon the space battles from "Battlefront", was released in October 2020.





Korean language

The Korean language is spoken mainly in North and South Korea. It is spoken by more than 78 million people (most are North or South Koreans).

In South Korea, it is called "hangukmal" (한국말) or "hangugeo" (Hangeul: 한국어, Hanja: 韓國語). In North Korea, however, it is called "choseonmal" (조선말) or "choseoneo" (조선어, 朝鮮語). They are named differently because the common names for North and South Korea are different. Additionally, Koreans usually call their language "urimal" (Hangeul: 우리말) or "urinara mal" (Hangeul: 우리나라 말), meaning "our language" or "our country's language."

Korean uses two different writing systems. One is Hangul, the main alphabet. In North Korea, only Hangeul (Known as Choseongeul in North Korea) is used by law. In South Korea, only Hangeul is used in most public areas like education, but the other system, Hanja, is still used in some newspapers and professional areas. Hanja is the system of Chinese characters that are used in Korean. It was the only way to write Korean before the creation of Hangeul in the 15th century, and it was common in novels before the 19th century.

Although King Sejong the Great led the development of Hangeul to allow literacy to spread among common people and to create a writing system that represented the language more accurately than Hanja, it was not adopted by the upper classes of Koreans. Hanja would continue to be the official writing system until the late 19th century. Although it was rejected by the elite classes, Hangeul was used often by lower classes as a way to write down Korean literature and for lower classes to communicate.

Kansas

Kansas () is a state in the Midwestern United States. The name of the state comes from the Kansa Native Americans, whose name comes from a Siouan-language phrase meaning "people of the south wind". The land that would become Kansas was bought in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. Kansas's capital is Topeka, and its biggest city is Wichita.

Kansas was first settled by Americans in 1827 when Fort Leavenworth was built on the Missouri River. In the 1850s, more people came to live in Kansas. This was also when people were fighting about slavery. People were allowed to move to Kansas in 1854 because of the Kansas–Nebraska Act. When this happened, anti-slavery Free-Staters from New England and pro-slavery people from Missouri quickly came to Kansas. They wanted to decide whether Kansas would become a free state or a slave state. Because of this, a lot of fighting happened, and it was known as Bleeding Kansas. The anti-slavery people won. On January 29, 1861, Kansas entered the Union as a free state--the thirty fourth state admitted to the United States.

Kansas is in a region known as "America's Breadbasket". Like other states in this area, Kansas makes a lot of corn, sorghum, soybeans, and wheat; they make one-fifth of all wheat grown in the United States. Kansas has other industries too, including aviation and communications. Kansas has an area of , which is the 15th-biggest state by area. Kansas is also 34th most-populous of the 50 states because 2,913,314 people live there. People who live in Kansas are called "Kansans". Mount Sunflower is Kansas's highest place at .

The terrain of Kansas consists of prairies, minimal forests, with much land being farmed for grain crops. All of Kansas is in the Great Plains.

The name "Kansas" comes from the Algonquian term, "Akansa", for the Quapaw people. These were a Dhegiha Siouan-speaking people who moved to Arkansas around the 13th century. The stem -"kansa" is named after the Kaw people. They are also known as the "Kansa", a federally recognized Native American tribe.

In 1539, Marcos de Niza, a friar, reported rumors of Cíbola, a city of gold, to Spanish colonial officials in Mexico City. Niza said the city was in modern-day New Mexico. In response to the rumors, two years later, Francisco Vázquez de Coronado, with an army of 3000 Spaniards and 8001 Mexicans, marched northward from Culiacán in hopes of finding the city. When Coronado did not find the city in New Mexico, he continued northeast into the Mississippi Valley, crossing the present area of Kansas diagonally. This made Conrado and his army the first Europeans to see the Great Plains, including Kansas. Later, Juan de Oñate also traveled to Kansas in 1601.

In 1682, Jacques Marquette, Louis Jolliet, Louis Hennepin and other French leaders took formal control of the Mississippi Valley, including the land that would become Kansas. This land, known as the Louisiana territory, was used to organize trade with Native Americans. In 1763, France ceded the Louisiana territory to Spain.

Between 1763 and 1803 the territory of Kansas was integrated into the Spanish Louisiana. The governor Luis de Unzaga 'le Conciliateur', during that period, promoted expeditions and good relations with the indians tribes, among the explorers were Antoine de Marigny and others who continued trading across the Kansas River, especially at its confluence with the Missouri River, tributaries of the Mississippi River.

However, in 1803, Spain receded the territory back to France in the Third Treaty of San Ildefonso. On April 30, 1803, Napoleon sold the Louisiana territory to the United States in the Louisiana Purchase. In the early 1800s, Kansas was used to hold Native Americans that were removed from their native lands.

On May 30, 1854, the Congress signed the Kansas-Nebraska Act. The Kansas-Nebraska Act stated that Kansas and Nebraska were both territories of the United States. It also stated that Kansans would vote on the legality of slavery.

Upon hearing this, about 1,200 armed New Englanders came to Kansas to vote against slavery. However, thousands of southerners, mostly from Missouri, came to vote for slavery. The final pre-statehood vote was to allow slavery, and Kansas adopted most of Missouri's slave laws. There was fighting between Southerners and Northerners in Kansas. In one fight, John Brown and his men killed five people in the Pottawatomie Massacre. Later, Southerners destroyed Lawrence, Kansas. Kansas was called "Bleeding Kansas".

Between 1854 and 1861, Kansas proposed four state constitutions. Out of the four proposed constitutions, three did not allow slavery. Finally, in July 1859, Kansas passed the Wyandotte Constitution, which was anti-slavery. The constitution for statehood was sent to the U.S. government in April 1860 to be voted on. The constitution was passed by the House of Representatives, but rejected by the Senate. This is because southern voters in the Senate did not like that Kansas would become a state without slavery. In 1861, after the Confederate states formed, the constitution gained approval from the Union, and Kansas became a state.

Four months after Kansas became a state, the Civil War started. Out of the 381 battles in the Civil War, four were fought in Kansas. Throughout the war, Kansas remained a Union state.

On August 21, 1863, William Clarke Quantrill led a force of 300 to 400 Confederates into the town of Lawrence, Kansas. Quantrill and his troops burned, looted, and destroyed the anti-slavery town. This battle became known as the Lawrence Massacre. In total, 164 Union soldiers and 40 Confederate soldiers died in the Lawrence Massacre. In the Battle of Mine Creek, on October 25, 1864, Union soldiers attacked Confederates as they were crossing the Mine Creek. The Union surrounded the Confederates, and captured 600 men and two generals. 1,000 Confederate soldiers and 100 Union soldiers died in the battle. In total, 8,500 people from Kansas died or were wounded in the Civil War.

After the Civil War, many free slaves came to Oklahoma (before statehood) and Kansas. In fact, between the years of 1879 and 1881, about 60,000 African Americans came to this region. This is because the slaves wanted economic opportunities, which they believed awaited them in Kansas. African Americans also came to Kansas for better political rights and to escape sharecropping. These people were called "Exodusters."

From 1930 to 1936, western Kansas and surrounding areas went through a period of time called the Dust Bowl. During this time, Kansas had little rainfall and high temperatures. Thousands of farmers became very poor and had to move to other parts of the United States. In total, 400,000 people left the Great Plains area. The years from 1930 to 1940 was the only time the population of Kansas went down. The number of people living in Kansas decreased 4.3 percent.

During the 1950s, school segregation was required in fifteen U.S. states. However, Kansas was not one of these states. Instead, school segregation was permitted by local option, but only in elementary schools. In 1896, the ruling from "Plessy v. Ferguson" stated that segregation was allowed, but equal facilities should be made available for blacks and whites. Often, however, black schools received less funding and had fewer textbooks than white schools.

For these reasons, Linda Brown and her family sued the Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas, believing their school was not equal. Brown won the case before the U. S. Supreme Court, and the ruling overturned the "Plessy v. Ferguson" decision. This was considered by many a landmark case in the civil rights movement.

Kansas is the 15th-largest state in the United States. It covers an area of 82,282 square miles (213,109 km). Of this, about 462 square miles (1196.57 km) are water. This makes up 0.60% of the total area of the state.

Kansas shares borders with Nebraska to the north, Oklahoma to the south, Missouri to the east, and Colorado to the west. Kansas is just as far away from the Pacific Ocean as it is the Atlantic Ocean. The geographic center of the main 48 states is near Lebanon, Kansas. The geographic center of Kansas is in Barton County.

The underground of Kansas is made of dipping sedimentary rocks, and they are slightly slanted west. A series of Mississippian, Pennsylvanian, and Permian rocks are found in the eastern and southern parts of the state. In the western part of Kansas, Cretaceous can be found sticking up from the ground. This happened because of the erosion from the geologically uplifted Rocky Mountains west of Kansas. Northeastern Kansas was affected by glaciation during the Pleistocene.

All of Kansas is in the Great Plains, where the land is mostly flat with prairies and grasslands. Eastern Kansas has hills and forests, like the Flint Hills and the Osage Plains in the southeastern part of the state.

Kansas increases in elevation from east to west. The highest place in the state is Mount Sunflower near the Colorado border. Mount Sunflower is 4,039 ft (1,231 m) tall. The lowest point is the Verdigris River in Montgomery County, at 679 ft (207 m) above sea level. It is a common misconception that Kansas is the flattest state – in 2003, a tongue-in-cheek study famously said the state is "flatter than a pancake". Kansas has a maximum topographic relief of . This makes Kansas the 23rd flattest U.S. state.

About of the Kansas's northeastern border is the Missouri River. The Kansas River is created by the junction of the Smoky Hill River and Republican River. This happens at Junction City. The Kansas River then joins the Missouri River at Kansas City. It goes across the northeastern part of the state.

The Arkansas River (pronunciation varies) starts in Colorado. It goes for about across the western and southern parts of Kansas.

Kansas's has other rivers. There is the Saline River and the Solomon River. They are tributaries of the Smoky Hill River. The Big Blue River, the Delaware River, and the Wakarusa River flow into the Kansas River. The Marais des Cygnes River is a tributary of the Missouri River. Spring River is between Riverton and Baxter Springs.

Areas under the protection of the National Park Service include:

In Kansas, there are currently 238 species of rare animals and 400 rare plants. Among those include: "Boechera laevigata", Virginia Rail, Cleft Ledge, Royal Fern, Turkey-tangle, Bobolink, Cave Salamander, Peregrine Falcon, and Black-footed ferret. Common animal species and grasses include: Crows, Deer, Lesser Prairie Chicken, Mice, Moles, Opossum, Prairie Dogs, Raccoon, "Tripsacum dactyloides", Prairie Dropseed, Indian Grass, Little Bluestem, Switch Grass, Northern Sea Oats, Tussock Sedge, Sideoats Grama, and Big Bluestem.

The Köppen climate classification says that Kansas's climate has three types depending on where in the state it is: it has humid continental, semi-arid steppe, and humid subtropical. The eastern 2/3 of the state (especially the northeastern part) has a humid continental climate. This means it has cool to cold winters and hot, often humid summers. Most of the precipitation happens during both the summer and the spring.

The western 1/3 of the state – from about U.S. Route 83 to west of it – has a semiarid steppe climate. Summers are hot, often very hot, and generally less humid. Winters vary a lot. Winters can be anything between warm and very cold. The western region gets an average of about of precipitation per year. Chinook winds in the winter can warm western Kansas all the way into the range.

The far south-central and southeastern parts of Kansas, including the Wichita area, have a humid subtropical climate. This means it has hot and humid summers, and it has milder winters. It also has more precipitation than other places in Kansas. Some things about three climates can be found in most of Kansas. Many parts can get droughts and varied weather. Places can be dry or humid. Places can get both warm or cold in the winter.

Temperatures in many areas in the western half of Kansas reach or hotter on most days of June, July, and August. Because of the high humidity, the heat index can be deadly, especially in Wichita, Hutchinson, Salina, Russell, Hays, and Great Bend. Temperatures are often high in Dodge City, Garden City, and Liberal, but the heat index in those three cities is usually lower than the actual air temperature.

Temperatures of or higher are not as common in the eastern half of Kansas. However, higher humidity and the urban heat island effect make most summer days reach between and in Topeka, Lawrence, and the Kansas City metropolitan area. During the summer, the low temperatures each night in the northeastern part of the state don't get colder than very often. Also, because of the humidity being between 85 and 95 percent, dangerous heat can be felt all day.

Kansas has a varied climate with an average yearly temperature of 56°F (13°C). The highest temperature ever in Kansas is 121 °F (49.4 °C). This happened in Fredonia on July 18, 1936, and in Alton on July 24, 1936. The lowest temperature ever in Kansas is -40 °F (-40 °C). This occurred in Lebanon on February 13, 1905. Kansas is in a temperate area of the country. Like other states in this region, Kansas has four distinct seasons.

Kansas can have extreme weather in all four seasons. For example, in spring and autumn, Kansas has many tornadoes. In fact, Kansas gets about 55 tornadoes per year. This is because Kansas is in the area known as Tornado Alley, where cold and warm air masses come together to make severe weather.

In summer, Kansas has experienced severe droughts. For example, in 1934, 1936, and 1939, Kansas had less than average rainfall and widespread dust storms as a part of the Dust Bowl.

In winter, Kansas has snow in most parts of the state. The average snowfall in the northern half of the state is 16 inches, with the average snowfall in the southern half of the state being 8 inches. Blizzards and related snowstorms are rare in Kansas.

Kansas is organized into 105 counties. Each county has a county seat. There are 625 incorporated cities in Kansas.

Wichita is the biggest city in Kansas; it has almost 400,000 people. It is in Sedgwick County, which has about 520,000 people. Sedgwick County has the biggest city in Kansas, but it does not have the most people of any county in Kansas; Johnson County has more than 600,000 people. Johnson County has four of the biggest cities in Kansas: Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee, and Lenexa. They are all suburbs of nearby Kansas City. Topeka is the capital of Kansas. Lawrence is a college town between Kansas City and Topeka.
Kansas had 625 cities in 2020. The largest city in Kansas is Wichita, which had a population of 397,532 in 2020. The other largest cities in Kansas are: Overland Park, 197,238; Kansas City, 156,607; Olathe, 141,290; and Topeka, 126,587. Between the years of 2010 and 2020, the Kansas population increased 3.0 percent.

The 2010 Census says that the people of Kansas were:

Ethnically 10.5% of the total population was of Hispanic or Latino origin (they may be of any race). They are mostly in southwest Kansas. Many black people in Kansas were from the Exodusters, free black people who left the South.

As of 2011, 35.0% of Kansas's population younger than one year old were part of a minority group (i.e., did not have two parents who were non-Hispanic white).

English is the most-spoken language in Kansas. About 95% of people only speak English. Spanish is second.

The northeastern part of the state, going from the eastern border to Junction City and from the Nebraska border to south of Johnson County, has more than 1.5 million people in the Kansas City (Kansas portion), Manhattan, Lawrence, and Topeka metropolitan areas. Overland Park is the biggest city in the county. Johnson County Community College is there, and the corporate campus of Sprint Nextel is also there. In 2006, Overland Park was ranked as the sixth best place to live in America; the nearby city of Olathe was 13th.

Olathe is the county seat of Johnson County. Olathe, Shawnee, De Soto, and Gardner are some of Kansas's fastest growing cities.

There are many universities and colleges in the northeast. Baker University is the oldest university in the state (created in 1858), and it is in Baldwin City. Benedictine College is in Atchison. MidAmerica Nazarene University is in Olathe. Ottawa University is in Ottawa and Overland Park. Kansas City Kansas Community College and KU Medical Center are in Kansas City. The KU Edwards Campus is in Overland Park. Lawrence has the University of Kansas, the biggest public university in Kansas. Lawrence also has Haskell Indian Nations University.

Topeka is the state capital, and about 250,000 people live in the metropolitan area. Washburn University and Washburn Institute of Technology are in Topeka.

In south-central Kansas, the Wichita metropolitan area has over 600,000 people. Wichita is the biggest city in the state in terms of both land area and number of people. 'The Air Capital' is a major manufacturing area for the aircraft industry. It's also where Wichita State University is. Before Wichita was 'The Air Capital' it was a cowtown. Wichita's population growth has grown by more than 10%. The nearby suburbs are some of the fastest growing cities in Kansas. The number of people in Goddard has grown by more than 11% per year since 2000.

Wichita was one of the first cities to add the city commissioner and city manager in their form of government. Wichita is also home of the nationally recognized Sedgwick County Zoo.

Southeast Kansas is different in that it was a coal-mining region. It has many places on the National Register of Historic Places. Pittsburg is the biggest city in the region. It is where Pittsburg State University is. Frontenac in 1888 was where one of the worst mine disasters in Kansas happened; an underground explosion killed 47 miners. Fort Scott has a national cemetery. It was designated by President Abraham Lincoln in 1862.

Salina is the biggest city in central and north-central Kansas. South of Salina is the small city of Lindsborg. Lindsborg has many Dala horses. Abilene was where President Dwight D. Eisenhower lived. It is where his Presidential Library is. It also has the tombs of the former president, First Lady and son who died in infancy.

The city of Hays is the biggest city in the northwest as it has about 20,000 people living there. Hays is where Fort Hays State University is. It also has the Sternberg Museum of Natural History.

There are very few people that live west of Hays. There are only two towns that have at least 4,000 people: Colby and Goodland.

Dodge City was famous for the cattle drives it had in the late 19th century. It was built along the old Santa Fe Trail route. The city of Liberal is along the southern Santa Fe Trail route. The first wind farm in the state was built east of Montezuma. Garden City has the Lee Richardson Zoo.

The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that Kansas's total gross domestic product in 2014 was billion. In 2015, the job growth rate in was .8%. This was one of the lowest rate in America with only "10,900 total nonfarm jobs" added that year. The Kansas Department of Labor's 2016 report found the average yearly wage was $42,930 in 2015. In April 2016, the state's unemployment rate was 4.2%.

The State of Kansas had a $350 million budget deficit in February 2017. In February 2017, S&P downgraded Kansas's credit rating to AA-.

The median household income for Kansas was $47,709 in 2009. The gross domestic product (GDP) for Kansas was $122,700,000,000 ($122.7 billion) in 2008. Overall, Kansas' GDP accounts for less than 1 percent of total U.S. economy.

Kansas has three big military bases: Fort Riley, Fort Leavenworth, and McConnell Air Force Base. The US Army reserve has about 25,000 soldiers at these bases, and they also have about 8,000 civilian employees there.

40% of Kansas's economy is farming. In 2017, there were 58,569 farms in Kansas.

In 2020, Kansas produced more grain sorghum and wheat than any other state in the United States. Kansas farmers produce about 400 million bushels of wheat per year. Kansas also ranks second in the United States in cropland and silage sorghum, third in cattle and raw meat, and fourth in sunflowers produced. Other agricultural products are cattle, sheep, wheat, sorghum, soybeans, cotton, hogs, corn, and salt.

87.5% of Kansas's land is used for farming. As of 2018, there were 59,600 farms in Kansas, 86 (0.14%) of which are certified organic farms. The size of the average farm in the state is 781 acres (more than a square mile). In 2016, the average cost of running the farm was $300,000.

The industrial products are transportation equipment, commercial and private aircraft, food processing, publishing, chemical products, machinery, apparel, petroleum, and mining. 4% of Kansas's GDP is from the aviation industry. Many parts of airplanes are made in Wichita. Also, many important companies are near Kansas City, Missouri. For example, the Sprint Nextel Corporation is one of the biggest telephone companies in the United States. Its main operational offices are in Overland Park, Kansas.

Kansas has many renewable resources. Kansas is one of the biggest producers of wind power in the United States. In 2019, Kansas had an installed capacity of about 6,100 Megawatts (MW) from about 3,200 wind turbines. Wind produced the biggest amount of electricity from the state at 41%. An additional 700 MW of capacity was scheduled to become available during 2020. Kansas is also one of the biggest national producers of renewable ethanol and biodiesel fuels; Kansas produces about 600 million gallons per year.

Kansas is eighth in US petroleum extraction. Production has slowly lowered because Kansas's limited economical reserves (especially from the Anadarko Basin) are being used up. Since oil prices reached their lowest level in 1999, oil production in Kansas has remained about the same; it had an average monthly rate of about in 2004. The recent higher prices have made carbon dioxide sequestration and other oil recovery techniques more economical.

Kansas is also eighth in US natural gas production. Production has slowly lowered since the mid-1990s with the slow depletion of the Hugoton Natural Gas Field—the state's biggest field which extends into Oklahoma and Texas. In 2004, slower declines in the Hugoton gas fields and increased coalbed methane production contributed to a smaller overall decline. Average monthly production was over .

During his campaign for the 2010 election, Governor Sam Brownback said he would get rid of the state income tax. In May 2012, Governor Brownback signed into law the Kansas Senate Bill Substitute HB 2117. Starting in 2013, the "ambitious tax overhaul" lowered income tax, got rid of some corporate taxes, and created pass-through income tax exemptions. He raised the sales tax by one percent to make up for the loss of the other taxes. However, the sales tax was not enough to make up for it. He made cuts to education and some state services to make up for the lost revenue. The tax cut led to years of budget shortfalls. The worst was a $350 million budget shortfall in February 2017. From 2013 to 2017, 300,000 businesses were considered to be pass-through income entities and benefited from the tax exemption. The tax reform "encouraged tens of thousands of Kansans to claim their wages and salaries as income from a business rather than from employment."

The economic growth that Brownback hoped for never happened. He argued that it was because of "low wheat and oil prices and a fewer aircraft sales." The state general fund debt load was $83 million in fiscal year 2010. By fiscal year 2017 the debt load sat at $179 million. In 2016, Governor Brownback earned the title of "most unpopular governor in America". Only 26 percent of Kansas voters approved of his job performance. 65 percent said they did not. In the summer of 2016, S&P Global Ratings downgraded Kansas's credit rating. In February 2017, S&P lowered it to AA-.

In February 2017, a bi-partisan group wrote a bill that would repeal the pass-through income exemption, the "most important provisions of Brownback's overhaul", and raise taxes to make up for the budget shortfall. Brownback vetoed the bill but "45 GOP legislators had voted in favor of the increase, while 40 voted to uphold the governor's veto." On June 6, 2017 a group of Democrats and newly elected Republicans overrode Brownback's veto. They increased taxes to an amount that is close to what it was before 2013. Brownback's tax plan was described in a June 2017 article in "The Atlantic" as the United States' "most aggressive experiment in conservative economic policy". The tax cuts had made schools and infrastructure difficult to get funding in Kansas.

There are two interstate highways in Kansas. The first part of the interstate highway opened on Interstate 70 west of Topeka. It opened on November 14, 1956.

Interstate 70 is an important east–west highway. People can go from Kansas City, Missouri to Denver, Colorado. Cities on this highway include Colby, Hays, Salina, Junction City, Topeka, Lawrence, Bonner Springs, and Kansas City.

Interstate 35 is a major north–south highway from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma to Des Moines, Iowa. Cities on this highway include Wichita, El Dorado, Emporia, Ottawa, and Kansas City (and suburbs).



Kansas's only major commercial (Class C) airport is Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport. It is along US-54 on the western part of Wichita. Manhattan Regional Airport in Manhattan has flights every day to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. This would it the second-biggest commercial airport in Kansas. Most air travelers in northeastern Kansas fly out of Kansas City International Airport, which is in Platte County, Missouri. Some also use the Topeka Regional Airport in Topeka.

In the state's southeastern part, people often use Tulsa International Airport in Tulsa, Oklahoma or Joplin Regional Airport in Joplin, Missouri. People in the far western part of the state often use the Denver International Airport. Connecting flights are also available from smaller Kansas airports in Dodge City, Garden City, Hays, Hutchinson, Liberal, or Salina.

The "Southwest Chief" Amtrak route goes through the state on its route from Chicago to Los Angeles. Stops in Kansas include Lawrence, Topeka, Newton, Hutchinson, Dodge City, and Garden City. An Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach connects Newton and Wichita to the Heartland Flyer in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Amtrak may change the Southwest Chief route from using train service for the entire route. Plans call for shortening the route to Los Angeles to instead end in Albuquerque. Buses would replace the train on the route between Albuquerque and Dodge City, where train service east to Chicago would continue.

Kansas has four Class I railroads, Amtrak, BNSF, Kansas City Southern, and Union Pacific, as well as many shortline railroads.

Executive branch: The executive branch has the governor, the lieutenant governor, the attorney general, the secretary of state, the treasurer, and the insurance commissioner.

Legislative branch: The legislative branch is the Kansas Legislature. It is a bicameral legislature. It has the Kansas House of Representatives and the Kansas Senate. The House has 125 members, and the Senate has 40 members.

Judicial Branch: The judicial branch is headed by the Kansas Supreme Court. The Kansas Supreme Court has seven judges. If there is a spot open, the governor picks who to replace them.

Since the middle of the 20th century, Kansas has been socially conservative. In 1999 and 2005, the Board of Education voted to stop teaching evolution in schools. In 2005, Kansas banned same-sex marriage. In 2006, Kansas made the lowest age to marry 15 years old.

Kansas allowed women's suffrage in 1912. This was nearly a decade before the United States allowed it.

The state's current delegation to the Congress of the United States includes Republican Senators Pat Roberts of Dodge City and Jerry Moran of Manhattan; and Republican Representatives Roger Marshall of Great Bend (District 1), Steve Watkins (District 2), Ron Estes of Wichita (District 4), and Democratic Representative Sharice Davids (District 3).

Kansas has been strongly Republican. The Republican Party was very strong since Kansas became a state. This is because Republicans were very anti-slavery, and Kansas was also anti-slavery. Kansas has not elected a Democrat to the United States Senate since 1932.

Abilene has the childhood house of Republican president Dwight D. Eisenhower. Two Republican presidential candidates, Alf Landon and Bob Dole, were also from Kansas.

Primary and secondary schools are controlled by the Kansas State Department of Education. Public colleges and universities are controlled by the Kansas Board of Regents.

In 1999 and 2005, the Board of Education voted to teach intelligent design in science classes. Both times, they changed their decision after the next election.

The rock band Kansas was created in Topeka. Many of the band's members are from there.

Joe Walsh, guitarist for the famous rock band the Eagles, was born in Wichita.

Danny Carey, drummer for the band Tool, was raised in Paola.

Singer Melissa Etheridge is from Leavenworth. Singer Martina McBride is from Sharon. Singer Janelle Monáe is from Kansas City.

In 1947, Kansas chose "Home on the Range" as their state song.

Kansas's most famous appearance in a book was as the home of Dorothy Gale. She is the main character in the book "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" (1900).

The Plaza Cinema in Ottawa, Kansas was built on May 22, 1907. It is listed by the Guinness Book of World Records as the oldest operating movie theater in the world.

The group that governs college sports in the United States is the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Their headquarters were in Johnson County, Kansas from 1952 until moving to Indianapolis in 1999.

The state symbols of Kansas are:


 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: 


Maps

James Buchanan

James Buchanan Jr. (April 23, 1791 – June 1, 1868) was an American politician who served as the 15th president of the United States.

He was the only president not to have married. His niece, Harriet Lane, stood in as First Lady. He was an experienced politician, and became president in 1857. His stances on slavery, and actions before the Civil War broke out, have been criticised by scholars.

In 1860, Buchanan announced that he would not be taking part in the election & supported Abraham Lincoln who eventually became president-elect just a week after his announcement in the 1860 election. 

Historians rank Buchanan as one of the worst presidents in U.S. history.

James Buchanan was born on April 23, 1791 in Cove Gap, Pennsylvania, into a prosperous merchant family. He had four sisters and three brothers, and studied at the Old Stone Academy before entering Dickinson College in 1807. There he studied law and was admitted to the Pennsylvania Bar Association in 1812.

Buchanan was engaged to Anne C. Coleman, but she died early, and he never had children. He is the only U.S. president who was never married.

Buchanan served in both the House and Senate, representing Pennsylvania, as well as the Minister to Russia, under Andrew Jackson, before stepping taking the presidential career.

During the beginning of his presidency, he called slavery an issue of "little importance". This was clearly not the case at the time; Northerners and Southerners were very divided on slavery, almost to the point of war.

The Supreme Court declared that African Americans were not American citizens and that the states were allowed to keep slavery legal. James Buchanan supported that decision because he did not want the pro-slavery states to stop being part of the United States.

Buchanan supported the rights of slave owners to keep their slaves and wanted Kansas to adopt a constitution that allowed slavery. Because of that, the Democratic Party was divided on that issue and after the 1858 Congressional election, there were more Republicans in Congress than Democrats. He did not get along with the Republicans.
He ordered troops to fight against Utah based on untrue information that Utah was planning a revolt. Buchanan later realized that he made a mistake and apologized.

During his term, the country was becoming more and more divided over the slavery issue. A few months before his term ended, some of the southern states decided that they were going to not be a part of the United States any more.

Buchanan believed that it was a bad thing, but he did nothing about it because he felt that using force against the south was against the Constitution. He did not even prepare the country for war.

At the end of his term, he left the next president, Abraham Lincoln, to face the greatest crises in United States history, the Civil War. James Buchanan died of respiratory failure in Lancaster Pennsylvania at age 77

Some historians think that Buchanan was the worst president of the United States in the history, because he did nothing to prevent the Civil war.


Hand

A hand is the part of the body at the end of an arm. Most humans have two hands. Each hand usually has four fingers and a thumb. On the inside of the hand is the palm. The five bones inside this part of the hand are called metacarpals. The wrist connects the hand to the arm. The hand has 27 bones including the wrist bones.

When the fingers are all bent tightly, the hand forms a fist. The joints that are the hardest part of the fist are called knuckles. Many other animals, especially other primates, have hands that can hold things. Human hands can do things other hands cannot.



1910s

The 1910s was a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It began on January 1, 1910 and ended on December 31, 1919. It is distinct from the decade known as the 192nd decade which began on January 1, 1911 and ended on December 31, 1920.





Bahrain

Bahrain (officially called Kingdom of Bahrain) is an island country in the Arabian Gulf. Saudi Arabia is to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway, and Qatar is to the south across the Persian Gulf. The Qatar-Bahrain Friendship Bridge, not yet built, will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed bridge in the world. Qatar and Bahrain's flag is the same design but not the same colors because Qatar is white and maroon and Bahrain is white and red.

People have lived in Bahrain before there was writing. It has been ruled and influenced by the Assyrians, Babylonians, Greeks, Persians, and the Arabs, who made the island Muslim. Bahrain was in old times known as Dilmun, Tylos, Awal and Mishmahig.

The islands of Bahrain, set in the middle south of the Persian Gulf, have attracted many invaders in history. The word "Bahrain", "Two Seas", means that the islands contain two kinds of water, sweet water springs and salty water in the sea.

A location between East and West, fertile lands, fresh water, and pearls made Bahrain important in history. About 2300 BC, Bahrain started trading with Mesopotamia (now Iraq) and the Indus Valley (now near India). It was then called Delmon, and was linked to the Sumerian Civilization about 2000 BC. Bahrain also became part of the Babylonian empire about 600 BC. Historical records called Bahrain the "Life of Eternity", "Paradise", the "Pearl of the Persian Gulf" and other names.

Until 1521, Bahrain also ruled Al-Hasa and Qatif (both are now the eastern province of Saudi Arabia) and Awal (now the Bahrain Islands). The country had all of the land from what is now Kuwait to Oman. This was called "Iqlim Al-Bahrain" (Province of Bahrain). In 1521, the Portuguese took Awal (now Bahrain) from the rest and since then the name of Bahrain only means today's Bahrain.

The modern history of Bahrain begins with Great Britain exploring the area, trying to keep Iran from taking more land. The British gave support to the Al-Khalifa family, who made a power base in the island and allied with the British to keep the island from Iran. The British got free passage to the Persian Gulf through this agreement. In November of 1957, the Iranian parliament declared that Bahrain was the Fourteenth Province of Iran. Later the British would become involved in the politics of Bahrain by choosing an Emir of the island. Iran and Britain later agreed that the United Nations Secretary General would judge the political situation in Bahrain. In a Plebiscite to decide the country's future, the majority of the people of Bahrain chose to reject Iran's claims, and to define their country and their culture to be Arabic, and not Persian.

Oil was found in the early 20th century and brought modern improvements to the country. Relations with the United Kingdom also became closer, and the British brought more military bases to the nation. British influence grew, until Charles Belgrave became an advisor; Belgrave brought modern education to Bahrain.

After World War II, anti-British feeling spread through the Arab world and led to riots in Bahrain. The British left Bahrain in 1971, making it an independent country. The sales of more oil in the 1980s brought money to Bahrain, but even when the sales of oil decreased in later years, it did not cause as many problems in Bahrain as in other oil countries, because the economy of Bahrain had grown into other areas.

In 1973 the election of first parliament was done but the government stopped & dissociate the parliament in 1975 which result in strong protests by the Bahraini opposition (Moderate Islamic & non-Islamist opposition).

In 1994, many highly educated Bahraini people signed a letter to Prince of Bahrain at that time Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa to re-establish the parliament life which is strongly refused & the leader of the opposition at that time Sheikh Abdulamir Aljamri was jailed then a huge protest & conflicts occurs between Bahraini nation & the armed forces.

In 1999, Sheikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa followed his father as head of state and called for elections for parliament to resolve the congestion that occurred over that last period. The women were given the right to vote and the new ruler released all political prisoners in 2001.

In 2002 the King released a new constitution without any voting from the nation & canceled 1973 constitution which caused strong refuse from the most of nation parties & opposition.
The situations became worse later & some of political activists were jailed like Abdulhadi Al-Khuwajah, Hasan Mushaima.

Many political websites that refused these changes were blocked like Bahrain online forum (the most popular website in Bahrain): www.bahrainonline.org; Until 2009 there were many riots & conflicts especially from Shia group which faces a huge organized discrimination according to Human Rights Watch & US Congress.

In 2023, Around 700-1000 political detainees in Bahrain begin a hunger strike demanding an end to solitary confinement, access to medical care and religious freedom (right to pray together in groups). A large number of Bahrainis came on streets of Manama in support of prisoners. The hunger strike was suspended after a week as the Bahraini officials agreed to the demands but many prisoners went back to hunger strike again the next day itself, as they say none of the demands were fulfilled.

Bahrain is a constitutional monarchy ruled by the King, Shaikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. The head of government is the Prime Minister, which is currently held by Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. Shaikh Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa was the country's first prime minister from 1971 until his death in 2020. The prime minister has a cabinet of 15 members. 

Bahrain has a bicameral legislature with a lower house, the Chamber of Deputies, elected by all of the people and the upper house, the Shura Council, appointed by the King. Both houses have forty members. The first elections were held in 2002, with Members of Parliament serving four year terms.

Women were given the right to vote and stand in national elections for the first time in 2002's election, but no women were elected to office that year, and Shia and Sunni Islamists won a majority of seats. Because no women were elected, six were appointed to the Shura Council, which also includes members of the Kingdom’s Jewish and Christian people.

The King recently created the Supreme Judicial Council to organise the country's courts and the government offices.

Bahrain is split into five governorates. Until July 3 2003, it was divided into twelve municipalities.


For further information, see: Decree-Law establishing governorates from the Bahrain official website.

The largest cities in Bahrain are:

Other towns include: Awali, Diraz, Hidd, Sar, Bani Jamrah.

In Bahrain, petroleum (oil product) producing and processing is about 60% of the money from export, 60% of government money, and 30% of Gross Domestic Product. The economy has changed as the sales of oil have changed since 1985, for example, during and after the Persian Gulf War of 1990 - 1991. Bahrain has high quality communications and transport, and so the country is home to many international companies with business in the Persian Gulf. A large part of the country's income comes from petroleum products made from imported crude oil. There are several major industrial projects being built. Unemployment, especially among young people, and the decrease of both oil and water resources are major economic problems.

Bahrain is a flat and dry archipelago, with a low desert plain rising gently to a low central hill, in the Arabian Gulf, east of Saudi Arabia. The highest point is the 122 meter Jabal ad Dukhan ("Mountain of Smoke").

Bahrain has a total area of 620 km², which is a few square kilometres larger than the Isle of Man. As an archipelago of 33 islands, Bahrain does not share a land border with any other country, but it does have a 161 km coast line and claims a further 12 nm of territorial sea and a 24 nm contiguous zone. Bahrain enjoys mild winters and has very hot, humid summers.

Bahrain's natural resources include large amounts of oil natural gas as well as fish. Only 1% of the country includes land where crops can be grown. 92% of Bahrain is desert, and droughts and dust storms are the main natural dangers.

Environmental problems in Bahrain include desertification, which is causing the land where crops can be grown to decrease, and damage to coast lines, coral reefs, and sea vegetation caused by oil spills from large tankers and oil refineries.

The official religion of Bahrain is Islam; most of the people are Shi'a and Sunni Muslims, but there are also small Jewish and Christian minorities. Most Bahrainis are Arabs, although some tribes came from Persia. Today, many of the people in Bahrain are guest workers who come from Iran, South Asia and Southeast Asia. A "Financial Times" article from 31 May 1983 found that "Bahrain is a polyglot (speaking many languages) state, both religiously and racially. Leaving aside the temporary immigrants of the past 10 years, there are at least eight or nine communities (groups of people) on the island".

The present communities may be classified as Al-Khalifa, Arab tribes allied to Al-Khalifa, the Baharnah (Shia Arabs), the Howilla (Sunni Arabs from Persia), Sunni Arabs (from the mainland), Ajam (Persian Shia), Indians who traded with Bahrain and settled before the age of oil (used to be called Banyan), a tiny Jewish community, and a group which contains everyone else.

Manama, Bahrain's capital city, is as modern as other cities in the world. But life in the island's many villages (and in parts of Manama itself) remains traditional. Where there is tradition in the Persian Gulf area, there is Islamic conservatism: women cover themselves from head to foot and women travellers are expected to wear long skirts and one-piece bathing suits. Bahrain's population is 85% Muslim and Islam is the state religion. Arabic is the official language, but many people speak English.

Traditional folk art continues in several places around Bahrain: dhows (fishing boats) are built near Manama and Muharraq, cloth is made at Bani Jamrah and pottery is made at A'ali. A few goldsmiths still work in the Manama souk, though much of the work is now done in other countries. One of the important parts of Bahraini culture is the drinking of traditional Arabian coffee. Traditional Arabian street food like shawarma (lamb or chicken cut from a large spit and served in pita bread) and desserts such as baklava are also found.

Bahrain is the home of Formula One racing in the Middle East, hosting the Bahrain Grand Prix.



William Christopher

William Christopher (October 20, 1932 – December 31, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Father Mulcahy on the television series "M*A*S*H". He also played Private Lester Hummel on "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." 

Christopher was born in Evanston, Illinois. He studied at Wesleyan University. His wife was Barbara O'Connor; together they wrote a book, "Mixed Blessings", about their experiences raising their autistic son. He retired in 2012.

Christopher died on December 31, 2016 in Pasadena, California from small-cell carcinoma, aged 84.

Boxer shorts

Boxer shorts are men's underwear. They are shorts with a stretchy band, and named after the shorts worn by boxers.

They were first made in the 1930s, but did not become popular until 1947. These days, briefs (Y-fronts) are sold more than boxer shorts.

Some boxer shorts have openings with a snap button for using the toilet (urinating). Others just have an elastic waistband and can be pulled on or off like briefs. They can be made in different colors or patterns. Television displays more men in boxer shorts than in other underwear.

Compact disc player

A CD player is a device that can read the binary data on a CD (compact disc) and turn that into sound waves.

A CD player has a laser and an optical sensor. A CD has tracks and bumps on the tracks. The CD player passes a laser beam along the track of the CD. The areas that are reflected (without the bumps) are 1s to the player and the areas that are reflected (with the bumps) are 0s to the player. When the 1's and 0's are added to the CD a complicated coding is used that enables error corrections to prevent the CD "skipping" in the event of a small scratch. The CD player converts the series of 1's and 0's into sound waves by sending a varying voltage into an amplifier which then drives a speaker. The conversion of digital data into an analogue signal is achieved through the use a matrix(maths not the movie), imaginary numbers and trigonometric functions.

Fluid dynamics

Fluid Dynamics talks about how fluids (liquids and gases) work. It is one of the oldest parts of the study of Physics, and is studied by physicists, mathematicians, and engineers. Mathematics can describe how fluids move using mathematical formulas called equations. The fluid dynamics of gases are called aerodynamics.

Understanding how fluids behave helps us understand things like flight or ocean currents.Fluid dynamics can be used to understand weather, because clouds and air are fluids. Fluid dynamics can also be used to understand how aeroplanes fly through the air or how ships and submarines move through water.

Computer programs can use the mathematical equations of fluid dynamics to model and predict the actions of moving fluids. Computers have helped us understand fluid dynamics very much, and some people study how to model or simulate fluids only with a computer. Studying how fluid dynamics can be done with computers is called computational fluid dynamics (or CFD for short).

The mathematical equations that govern fluid flow are simple to think about but very hard to solve. In most real life cases there is no way to get a solution that can be written down and a computer must be used to calculate the answer instead. There are three fundamental equations based on three rules.

Conservation of mass: mass is neither created nor destroyed, it simply moves from one place to another. This gives the mass conservation equation. Sometimes this may not apply such as a flow involving a chemical reaction.

Conservation of energy: this is the first law of thermodynamics, energy is never created or destroyed, it just changes form (i.e. kinetic energy into potential energy) or moves around.

Conservation of momentum: this is Newton's Second Law and it states that Force = rate of change of momentum. Momentum is mass times velocity. The momentum equations are the equations that make it hard to solve problems in fluid dynamics. There are a number of different versions that include a number of different effects. The Navier-Stokes equations are momentum equations, and the Euler equations are the Navier-Stokes equations but with viscosity not included. There is one momentum equation in a 1D problem and three, one in each space direction, in 3D.

To solve the equations more information is often needed in the form of an equation of state. This relates thermodynamic properties (usually pressure and temperature) to each other for a specific type of fluid. An example is the "Ideal Gas" equation of state that relates pressure, temperature and density and works well for gases under normal pressures (like air at atmospheric pressure).



Ernest Hemingway

Ernest Miller Hemingway (July 21, 1899 - July 2, 1961) was an American writer. He wrote in a very simple way, which made him very popular. He also did many exciting things, which made many people respect him. He is usually thought to be a member of the Lost Generation. 

He wrote seven stories, six short ones, and two non-fiction ones. Three of his stories, four collections of his short stories, and three non-fiction ones were released after he died. Because he did many exciting things, some people say that, of the many characters he created in his books, he was his best creation.

Ernest Hemingway was born in 1899. He grew up in Oak Park, Illinois, near the midwestern city of Chicago. He was the second child in a family of six. His father was a doctor. His mother was a painter and a pianist.

Each summer, the family traveled to their holiday home in northern Michigan. Ernest's father taught him how to catch fish, hunt, set up a camp, and cook over a fire.

At home in Oak Park, Ernest wrote for his school newspaper. He tried to write like a famous sports writer, Ring Lardner, and he made his writing skills better.

In 1917, Hemingway decided not to go to a university. The United States had just entered World War I and he wanted to join the Army, but they rejected him because his eyesight was not good enough.

Ernest found a job with the "Kansas City Star" newspaper in Kansas City, Missouri. He reported news that happened at the hospital, police headquarters, and the railroad station. One reporter said: ""Hemingway liked to be where the action was.""

The Kansas City Star told its reporters to write short sentences, and to report unusual details of an incident. Hemingway quickly learned to do both.

Hemingway worked for the newspaper for nine months. He then joined the Red Cross to help on the battle fields of Europe. His job was to drive an ambulance and to take wounded soldiers off the battlefield.

The Red Cross sent him to Italy. There, he soon saw the first wounded. This was when a weapons factory in Milan exploded. Later, he was sent to the battle front. He went close to the fighting to see how he could act in the face of danger. Soon, he was seriously wounded.

Soon after healing, the war ended. Hemingway returned to the United States. After less than a year he had changed forever: he needed to write about what he had seen. Hemingway wrote many short stories about people who experienced World War I.

Some time later, Hemingway left home for Chicago to prove to himself, and to his family, that he could earn a living from his writing.

But he ran out of money and began to write for a newspaper again. The Canadian newspaper, the Toronto Star, loved his reports in Chicago. They hired him and paid him well.

In Chicago, Hemingway also met Sherwood Anderson. Anderson was one of the first American writers to write about common people. Hemingway saw that Anderson's stories showed life as it really was. This was similar to what he wanted to do.

Anderson gave Hemingway advice about his writing. He told Hemingway to move to Paris. Life was less costly there. Anderson said that Paris had many young artists and writers from many nations.

Hemingway decided to move to Paris. Before he did, in America, he married a woman he had recently met. Her name was Hadley Richardson.

Paris was cold and grey when Hemingway and his new wife arrived in 1921. They lived in one of the poorer parts of the city. Their rooms were small and they did not have water from pipes. But the "Toronto Star" employed him as its European reporter, so they had enough money for the two of them to live. That job gave Hemingway time to write his stories.

Hemingway enjoyed exploring Paris, learning French customs, and meeting friends. Some of these new friends were artists and writers who had come to the city in the 1920s. Among them were poet, Ezra Pound, and writers Gertrude Stein, John Dos Passos, and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Seeing that Hemingway was a good writer, they helped him publish his stories in the United States. He was thankful for their support at the time, but later denied that he had received their help.

Hemingway travelled all over Europe. He wrote about politics, peace conferences, and border disputes, as well as sports, skiing, and fishing. Later he would write about bullfighting in Spain. The "Toronto Star" was pleased with his work, and wanted more of his reports, but Hemingway was busy with his own writing.

He said this: "Sometimes, I would start a new story and could not get it going. Then I would stand and look out over the roofs of Paris and think. I would say to myself: 'All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence you know.' So finally, I would write a true sentence and go on from there. It was a wonderful feeling when I had worked well."

Hemingway's first book of short stories was called "In Our Time". One of its stories, "Big Two Hearted River," told of the effects of war on a young man who was taking a long fishing trip in Michigan. Hemingway had learned from his father, when he was a boy, about living in the wild.

The story is about two kinds of rivers. One is calm and clear, and is where the young man fishes. The other is a dark, threatening swamp. The story shows its main character trying to forget his past, as well as the war. He does not talk much about the war. The reader learns about the young man, not because Hemingway tells his readers what the man thinks, but because he shows that man learning about himself. Many people believe it is one of the best modern American stories of all time. Because of this, "Big Two Hearted River" is often published in collections of best writing.

After the book was published in 1925, Hadley and Hemingway returned to the United States for the birth of their son, after which they quickly returned to Paris.
Hemingway was working on a long story. He wanted to publish a novel so he would be recognized as a serious writer. And he wanted the money a novel would earn.

The novel was called "The Sun Also Rises". It is about young Americans in Europe after World War One. The war had destroyed their dreams and had given them nothing to replace those dreams. The writer Gertrude Stein later called these people members of "The Lost Generation."

The book was an immediate success. At the age of 25 Ernest Hemingway was famous. Many people, however, did not like Hemingway's art because they did not like what he wrote about.

Hemingway's sentences were short, the way he had been taught to write at the Kansas City Star newspaper. He wrote about what he knew and felt. He used few descriptive words. His statements were clear and easily understood.

He had learned from earlier writers, like Ring Lardner and Sherwood Anderson, but Hemingway brought something new to his writing. He was able to paint in words what he saw and felt. In later books, sometimes he missed. Sometimes he even looked foolish. But when he was right he was almost perfect.

With the success of his novel, Hemingway became even more popular in Paris. Many people came to see him. One was an American woman, Pauline Pfeiffer. She became Hadley's friend. Then Pauline fell in love with Hemingway.

Hemingway and Pauline saw each other secretly. One time, they went away together on a short trip. Years later, Hemingway wrote when he returned that "...I wished I had died before I ever loved anyone but her. She was smiling and the sun was on her lovely face."

But they wouldn't stay married. Hadley knew Hemingway was also in love with Pfeiffer. Hemingway was seeing her in secret, even though he was married with Pauline. Because of this, Ernest Hemingway and Hadley separated. She kept their son. He agreed to give her money he earned from his books. In later years, he said that his marriage to Hadley as the happiest time of his life.

At twenty-five, Hemingway was living in Paris. He was a famous writer. But the end of his first marriage made him want to leave the place where he had first become famous. Much later he said, "the city was never to be the same again. When I returned to it, I found it had changed as I had changed. Paris was never the same as when I was poor and very happy."

Hemingway and his new wife returned to the United States in 1928. They settled in Key West, an island with a fishing port near the southern coast of Florida.

Before leaving Paris, Hemingway sent a collection of his stories to New York to be published. The book of stories, called "Men Without Women", was published soon after Hemingway arrived in Key West.

One of the stories was called "The Killers." In it, Hemingway used a discussion between two men to create a feeling of tension and coming violence. This was a new way of telling a story. Here is an example:Nick opened the thingy and went into the room. Ole Andreson was lying on the bed with all his clothes on. He had been a heavyweight prizefighter and he was too long for the bed. He lay with his head on two pillows. He did not look at Nick.

"What was it?" He asked.

"I was up at Henry's," Nick said, "and two fellows came in and tied me up and the cook, and they said they were going to kill you."

It sounded silly when he said it. Ole Andreson said nothing, "they put us out in the kitchen," Nick went on. "They were going to shoot you when you came in to supper."

Ole Andreson looked at the wall and did not say anything. "George thought I ought to come and tell you about it."

"There is not anything I can do about it," Ole Andreson said.

Any new book by Hemingway was an important event for readers. But stories like "The Killers" shocked many people. Some thought there was too much violence in his stories. Others said he only wrote about gunmen, soldiers, fighters, and drinkers.

This made Hemingway angry. He felt that writers should not be judged by those who could not write a story.

Hemingway was happy in Key West. In the morning he wrote, in the afternoon he fished, and at night he went to a public house and drank. One old fisherman said: "Hemingway was a man who talked slowly and very carefully. He asked a lot of questions. And he always wanted to get his information exactly right."

Soon afterwards, he heard that his father had killed himself. Hemingway was shocked. He said, "My father taught me so much. He was the only one I really cared about."

When Hemingway returned to work there was a sadness about his writing that was not there before.

His new book told about an American soldier who served with the Italian army during World War One. He meets an English nurse, and they fall in love. They flee from the army, but she dies during childbirth. Some of the events are taken from Hemingway's service in Italy. The book is called "A Farewell to Arms".

Part of the book talks about the defeat of the Italian army at a place called Caporetto:"At noon we were stuck in a muddy road about as nearly as we could figure, ten kilometres from Udine. The rain had stopped during the forenoon and three times we had heard planes coming, seen them pass overhead, watched them go far to the left and heard them bombing on the main highroad. . . ."Later we were on a road that led to a river. There was a long line of abandoned trucks and carts on a road leading up to a bridge. No one was in sight. The river was high and the bridge had been blown up in the center; the stone arch was fallen into the river and the brown water was going over it. We went up the bank looking for a place to cross. . . . we did not see any troops; only abandoned trucks and stores. Along the river bank was nothing and no one but the wet brush and muddy ground. "

"A Farewell to Arms" was very successful. It earned Hemingway a lot of money. Because of this money, he could travel to other places.

One place he visited was Spain, a country he loved. He said, "I want to paint with words all the sights and sounds and smells of Spain. And if I can write any of it down truly, then it will represent all of Spain."

He wrote a book called "Death in the Afternoon". It describes the Spanish custom of bull fighting. Hemingway believed that bull fighting was an art, just as much as writing was an art. And he believed it was a true test of a man's bravery, something that always concerned him.

Hemingway also travelled to Africa. He had been asked to write a series of reports about African hunting. He said, "Hunting in Africa is the kind of hunting I like. No riding in cars, just simple walking and feeling the grass under my feet."

The trip to Africa resulted in a book called "The Green Hills of Africa" and many smaller stories.

One story is one of Hemingway's best. The story, called "The Snows of Kilimanjaro", tells of Hemingway's fears about himself. It is about a writer who betrays his art for money and is unable to remain true to himself.

In 1936, the Civil War in Spain gave him a chance to return to Spain and test his bravery again. He agreed to write about the war for an American news organization.

It was a dangerous job. One day, Hemingway and two other reporters were driving a car near a battlefield. The car carried two white flags to show they were not fighting. But rebel gunners thought the car was carrying enemy officers. Hemingway was almost killed. Later he said that "bullets are all the same. If they do not hit you, there is no story. If they do hit you, then you do not have to write it. "

The trip to Spain resulted in two works: a play called "The Fifth Column", and a novel called "For Whom the Bell Tolls". The novel tells the story of an American who has chosen to fight against the fascists. He realizes that there are lies and injustice on his side. But he sees no hope except the victory of his side. During the fighting, he escapes his fear of death and of being alone. He decides that "he can live as full a life in seventy hours as in seventy years."

The book was a great success. Hemingway enjoyed being famous. His second marriage was ending. He divorced Pauline and married reporter Martha Gellhorn. He had met her while they were working in Spain. They decided to live in Cuba, near the city of Havana. Their house looked out over the Caribbean Sea.

But this marriage did not last long. Hemingway was changing. He began to feel that whatever he said was right. Martha went on long trips to be away from him. He drank heavily to forget his loneliness.

When America entered World War Two, Hemingway went to Britain as a reporter. Later he took part in the invasion of Europe and the freeing of Paris.

During the war, Hemingway met another reporter, Mary Walsh. In 1945, when his marriage to Martha was legally over, he married Mary.

After the war, Hemingway began work on his last important book, "The Old Man and the Sea". It is the story of a Cuban fisherman who refuses to be defeated by nature.

Hemingway said, "I was trying to show the experience of the fisherman so exactly and directly that it became part of the reader's experience."

In 1954, Hemingway won the Nobel Prize for Literature. But he was too sick to take part in the ceremony.

Ernest Hemingway was 60 years old, but he said he felt like he was 86. Even worse, he felt that he no longer was able to write. He seemed to be living the story about the writer who had sold his writing skill in order to make money.

In 1961, Ernest Hemingway shot himself dead. Among the papers he left was one that described what he liked best:

"To stay in places and to leave. . . to trust, to distrust. . . to no longer believe and believe again. . . to watch the changes in the seasons. . . to be out in boats. . . to watch the snow come, to watch it go. . . to hear the rain. . . And to know where I can find what I want."

Ernest Hemingway owned many cats, especially cats with extra toes. Today these cats are sometimes called "Hemingway cats" in his honor. His house in Key West, Florida is now a home for his cats and their kittens.

The article above is a rewriting of public domain material, provided by Voice of America Special English


MSN

MSN (formerly the Microsoft Network) is a web portal (a website used to enter the Internet).

The web portal launched on August 24 1995 by Microsoft. The site was launched at around the same time as Windows 95. Through MSN, people can create an e-mail account using MSN Hotmail, a blog using MSN Spaces, a group using MSN Groups and plenty more. It is now the #2 visited site in the world behind Yahoo!. Many people have come across this site in one way or another because it is the default main page of Internet Explorer.

MSN is also the name for MSN Messenger (now called Windows Live Messenger). It is an instant messenger, which allows people to communicate through conversations over an internet connection. As well as conversations using text, this program also allows voice and video conversations. You can even use small "emoticons" to express what you are trying to say. Messages are sent and received very quickly from around the globe. Its current messenger client is Windows Live Messenger.

Hotmail is a free email service from MSN. It started in 1995. It was bought by Microsoft in 1997. Microsoft Hotmail accounts are used to log in to MSN Messenger.


Reed (instrument)

A reed is a piece of dry bamboo that is used in some musical instruments such as saxophones, clarinets and oboes. The musician blows air through the mouthpiece where the reed is firmly placed, and the air makes the reed vibrate; this vibration in the mouthpiece produces sound all along the instrument, which is changed into specific musical notes depending on the physical nature of the instrument.

Musical instruments that use reeds are members of the woodwind family, because many years ago the instruments were all made of wood. Today the instruments can be made of metal (brass, silver, gold), wood, or a hard plastic made to look like wood.

The bassoon family of instruments and the oboe family of instruments play with a double reed. Players play through blowing air through the double reed, making the reeds vibrate. A mouthpiece is not needed.

Other reeds can be made from metal or plastic.

1790

1790 was a common year.



Nuuk

Nuuk (Danish: Godthaab or Godthåb) is the capital of Greenland. It is around the mouth of island Nuup Kangerlua (Danish: "Godthåbsfjorden") on the west coast of Greenland, about 240 km (150 mi) south of the Arctic Circle. The city has a population of 17,635 people.

It was founded in 1728 by the Norwegian missionary Hans Egede. Egede named the city Godthåb which means "Good Hope". Today, the people of Nuuk are mainly Inuit and Danes.

Nuuk is the location of the University of Greenland.

Lumberjack

A lumberjack is a person who cuts down trees to be made into lumber. Lumberjacks used to cut with axes, but now lumberjacks use chainsaws.


Muhammad

Muhammad (5708 June 632) was an Arab religious, social, and political leader, best known for founding the Abrahamic religion of Islam. According to Islamic doctrine, he was a prophet divinely inspired to preach and confirm the monotheistic teachings of Adam, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets. He is believed to be the Seal of the Prophets within Islam, with the Qur'an and his teachings and practices forming the basis for Islamic religious belief.

Muhammad was born in Mecca, Hejaz. He was raised by his grandfather Abd al-Muttalib and later by his uncle Abu Talib. When he was young, Muhammad accompanied his uncle Abu Talib on trade trips. In 610 AD, at the age of forty, while Muhammad was praying, he reportedly met Gabriel and received the first revelation of the Qur'an. At first, Muhammad preached these revelations to his close friends and family. He started preaching monotheism publicly where he received opposition from Meccan polytheists. He was eventually forced to leave his hometown of Mecca. After reaching Medina with Abu Bakr, the Medinan Muslims helped Muhammad and made a mosque there.

He is believed to be a descendant of Abraham through Ishmael, and the last of all prophets ("the seal of the prophets"). He is seen as an example for all Muslims to follow.

Muhammad was born about 570 AD in Mecca. His father, whose name was Abdullah, died six months before Muhammad's birth. His mother, Amina, died when he was six years old. So, his grandfather, Abdul-Muttalib, took care of him after the death of Amina but he too died two years later when Muhammad was nine. After his grandfather's death, his uncle Abu Talib took care of him and was a support to him for many years of his adult life.

In 610 AD, when Muhammad was forty years old, he went for a walk to the mountain of Hira near Mecca. According to Muslims, the angel Gabriel (called Jibrail in the Arabic language) spoke with him in a cave on the mountain. The story says that when Muhammad first saw the angel Gabriel, he fainted because Gabriel was so large. This is what Gabriel said to Muhammad:

"Read... in the name of Allah Who made man from a drop of blood... Allah is Most Rewarding... He Who taught man to write with pen... and taught man what he knew not."
Muhammad went back home to his wife Khadijah and told her what had happened. New revelations came to him commanding him to preach what was being sent "down" from God. When Muhammad first started teaching, many of the people of Mecca, who worshipped idols, did not like the things that Muhammad said. But there were also people who listened to his preaching and obeyed his messages. These people were the first of the followers of Islam. Leaders of Mecca punished and tortured the followers of Islam. Some followers of Islam were executed. Muhammad resisted this and continued to teach Islam.

After Muhammad finished in Mecca, he took his message to Medina, where some people learned about him and his followers. They welcomed him into their city, and Muhammad wanted them to convert to Islam. They agreed, and many of his followers went to Medina. This movement from Mecca to Medina is called the "Hijrah". The Hijra was also the beginning of the Islamic calendar. Muhammad stayed behind until all of his people left Mecca safely.

As Muhammad stayed in Mecca, his uncle Abu Lahab trained seven men to kill Muhammad in his sleep. According to history, they did not see him leave Mecca. The men went into his house and found his cousin, Ali. Abu Lahab and his horsemen went to the desert to look for him and his friend, Abu Bakr.

Muhammad and Abu Bakr arrived in Medina. Some people welcomed Muhammad to their homes. He used his camel to show everyone where he would build his house. The first mosque of Medina, a small place for prayer, was built in the back of this house.

The people in a strong Jewish tribe in Medina disagreed with the teachings and rules set by Muhammad. This tribe told their allies in Mecca to sell all the things and homes that Muslims of Mecca left behind. The Muslims and those from Mecca were advised to fight for their property. Muhammad told them not to do that.

Muslims were called all over Medina to gather at a mosque that Muhammad prayed in. They were told to fight against the people of Mecca who burned down their homes and stole their property.

The Quraysh pagans of Mecca heard about this, and they sent a larger army numbering 1000 warriors to fight the Muslims. They met in Badr, but the pagans were defeated and Abu Jahl, one of the pagan leaders, was also killed.

But, the Muslims lost the second battle at Uhud. One year after the fight at Badr, the army of Mecca had outside help. Muslim archers failed to listen to Muhammad's instructions and Khalid ibn al-Walid cleverly took advantage of that. Hamza, Muhammad's last uncle, was killed when a slave from Mecca threw a spear into his chest. Muhammad himself was injured.

Then in 627, Abu Sufyan led the Quraysh and its allies to attack Medina itself. However, they could not pass the trench that the Muslims had dug around Medina. After several weeks, the coalition broke up and went home. The Medinians were considered victors.

After the pagans of Mecca failed to gain control of Medina, the Muslims became stronger. The pagans then decided to sign a truce with the Muslims. This means that they would not fight each other for ten years. The Muslims used this as a chance to talk to other people all over Arabia. In three years, many people changed their religions to Islam.

However, this truce did not last for long. After three years of the truce, a small group of horsemen from Mecca attacked a Muslim camp and killed a few of them. The Muslims in Medina heard of this, and the truce was cancelled. Abu Sufyan, the third leader of Mecca in Muhammad's lifetime, tried to resume the truce, but Muhammad politely refused the offer. Muhammad told his followers to be ready to capture Mecca. After Mecca was captured, they went on to capture the Torkan.

In 630, most people in Arabia had become Muslims, and they became part of Muhammad's large army to capture Mecca. Because of the big size of the army, the people of Mecca were afraid to fight back. Abu Sufyan, who was feeling unhappy over the broken truce, went to Muhammad's camp outside Mecca to ask for forgiveness. Muhammad did not say that he would forgive him, so he returned home. While he was with Muhammad, he changed his religion to Islam by saying the Testimony (ash-Ashaada):
"I testify that there is no other god but Allah, and I testify that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah."

The next day, the Muslim army walked towards Mecca. Everyone ran to their homes and closed all doors and windows. They were afraid that the Muslims were going to kill them, because of the bad things they did to the Muslims many years ago. But, the Muslims went towards the Ka'aba, believed to be built by Abraham and his elder son, Ishmael. Bilal ibn Ribah, a former Ethiopian slave, shouted out loud to the people of Mecca that they were all safe: "All those who lay down arms are safe. All those in the house of Abu Sufyan are safe. All those behind closed doors are safe."

Abu Sufyan heard this in his home. From this, he learns that Muhammad forgave him. At that time, Muhammad and his followers removed and broke all idols from the Kaaba. The idols were statues that were worshiped as gods. Muhammad forgave all citizens of Mecca. In the end, Bilal climbed to the top of the Kaaba and called for prayer. This was Muhammad's victory in spreading Islam all over Arabia. But, because he was old, he would not live for long.

In 632 AD, on June 8, Muhammad became very sick. Before he died, he told his followers about his death. He is buried in the chamber of his wife Aisha in Medina, where the Masjid al-Nabawi (Mosque of the Prophet) is. In Medina, his friend Abu Bakr went to the Masjid al-Nabawi and shouted to the people:

"If any of you worship Muhammad, you should know that Muhammad is dead. But those of you who worship Allah(SWT) (God), let it be known that Allah(SWT) (God) is alive and cannot die."

Although Muhammad died, Islam soon spread all over the Middle East. Then, centuries later, it continued till it reached Africa, Asia and Europe. Islam has become one of the world's biggest and fastest-growing religions.

When Muslims say or write the name of Muhammad, they usually follow it with ""Peace and Blessings be upon him"" (Arabic: "sall-Allahu `alayhi wa sallam"). For example, "Muhammad (Peace and Blessings be upon him)". In printed matter, a calligraphic symbol is frequently used instead of printing the phrase. Sunnis believe that Abu Bakr succeeded Muhammad. Shias believe that Ali should have succeeded.

Most Muslims do not make or show images of Muhammad. The Qur'an does not state that images of Muhammad must not ever be made, but it does contain passages that forbid the creation of idols. There are also passages against the creation of images of God in the Hadith. Muslims, especially Sunni Muslims, believe there should be no pictures of Muhammad. When people create images of Muhammad, some Muslims may view this as disrespectful, offensive, and emotionally injurious.

In 2005, a Danish newspaper published political cartoons of Muhammad. More than 100 people died during the ensuing demonstrations. Johan Galtung, a Norwegian mathematician and peace activist, tried to help both sides come together and talk about this. According to Galtung, the attacks against Danish institutions ended after the government had invited talks.

On 7 January 2015, the Kouachi brothers, hooded and armed with Kalashnikovs, burst into the editorial meeting of the magazine Charlie Hebdo, shooting at the assembled people. They killed cartoonists Cabu, Charb, Honoré, Tignous and Wolinski, psychoanalyst Elsa Cayat, economist Bernard Maris, proof-reader Mustapha Ourrad, police officer Frank Brinsolaro who was protecting Charb, Michel Renaud, founder of the Rendez-vous du Carnet de voyage festival invited to the meeting, and caretaker Frédéric Boisseau. They also seriously wounded cartoonist Riss, journalists Philippe Lançon and Fabrice Nicolino, and webmaster Simon Fieschi.

As they left the building, just before killing policeman Ahmed Merabet who was lying on the pavement wounded and begging for mercy, the terrorists shouted: “We’ve avenged the prophet, Muhammad”.

In addition, the following murders have been officially linked to the Charlie Hebdo massacre: Clarissa Jean-Philippe, 27, a policewoman was killed in the suburb of Montrouge. Four people were taken hostage at a supermarket in the east of Paris. These were Yohan Cohen, 20, who worked at the supermarket, Philippe Braham, 45, a business manager for an IT firm, Yoav Hattab, 21, a student and the youngest supermarket victim, Francois-Michel Saada, 64, was a former pension fund manager.

Amedy Coulibaly, 32, the hostage-taker in the supermarket, has also been linked by Paris prosecutors to the shooting and wounding of a 32-year-old jogger in a park in south-west Paris, on the day of the Charlie Hebdo attack.

Much of knowledge about the Life of Muhammad is based on narrations. Lawrence Conrad examines the biography books written after the 100-150-year oral period, and sees an 85-year time interval related to the date of birth of Muhammad that in these works. Conrad describes it as "the fluidity (evolutionary process) in the story".

A list of his wives' names in chronological order



Ford Mustang

The Ford Mustang is a very popular American sports car built by the Ford Motor Company beginning in 1964. The first cars were built in Ford's Dearborn, Michigan factory on March 9 of that year and the car was first shown to the public on April 17 at the New York World's Fair. It did not cost a lot of money, but it was still very fancy and looked like a much more expensive car. People could order their Mustang with many options and body styles, such as a convertible, 2+2 (fastback), or coupe. Many different engines were available, from the 170 CID six-cylinder to some of Ford's biggest and most powerful V-8 engines in later years. This meant car buyers could have a Mustang that saved gas or a more powerful and fast car. More than one million Mustangs were sold in only two years. The Mustang is still being sold today and is still very popular. It was so popular and so different when it was introduced that the Mustang and other cars from other makers which looked like the Mustang were given the name "ponycar."

The so-called "1964 1/2" Mustang was designed by Joe Oros and Dave Ash of Ford's Mercury division, was based on another Ford car, the Falcon and was proposed by Ford's president, Lee Iacocca. The Falcon was not expensive to build and that helped Iacocca get the Mustang the approval it needed to be built. The people who ran the Ford company did not want to take a chance on a car like that because they lost a lot of money on another car, the Edsel, just a few years back. It set sales records and became one of the best selling cars of all time. It would remain mostly the same until 1966. So popular was the Mustang that three Ford assembly plants worked to build it. Not only was the Mustang built in Dearborn, but in Metuchen, New Jersey and San Jose, California as well.

The very first Mustang built to be sold to the public was a white convertible with a black interior and a V-8 engine. It was purchased by a pilot from Newfoundland. Ford offered the one millionth Mustang to the owner in exchange for the first one. That first Mustang, serial number 5F08F100001, is still on display at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn.

Its second bodystyle came out in 1967, its third in 1969 and its fourth in 1971. Bigger, more powerful engines were offered starting in 1967, making some Mustangs into musclecars. Some of those special Mustangs had special names such as Mustang GT, Mach 1, Boss 302, Boss 351, Boss 429 and 429 SCJ, or "Super Cobra Jet." By 1971, the Mustang had become a much larger car. The car grew in size so that Ford could put its biggest engines in it, but insurance companies were charging very high prices to insure powerful cars and sales began to drop. Many people missed the original, smaller Mustang.

A new second generation Mustang came out in 1974 called Mustang II and was based on the Ford Pinto, although far less than the original car had been based on the Falcon. This new car was almost the same size as the original car, but emissions controls and the Arab oil embargo meant that the Mustang II was not a very powerful car. 1974 was not only the first time Ford had built a car which looked like an older model, it was also the first American car to be built on the metric system. The short, low hood meant that neither the inline six-cylinder engine nor V-8 would fit, so engine choices were changed to a 2.3 liter four-cylinder engine built by Ford in Brazil and a more expensive V-6 engine built by Ford in Germany. A 5.0 liter V-8 engine was offered in 1975 which meant that Ford engineers had to redesign much of the car to make it fit. No matter which engine was used, the Mustang II was a heavier car than the 1964-66 model.

The Mustang II helped keep the ponycar alive between 1974 and 1978. General Motors almost stopped building their popular Chevrolet Camaro and Pontiac Firebird; Chrysler Corporation stopped building the Dodge Challenger and Plymouth Barracuda during that time. General Motors stopped building the Camaro in 2002, but they brought back a new version in 2009. Chrysler brought back a new Challenger in 2008 as well; they, like today's Mustang, are made to look like older models.

The new third generation Mustang that came out in 1979 may have been the most important Mustang ever. One reason was the return of a powerful V-8 in 1982 which was developed in later years into an even more powerful engine. The basic design continued all the way through the 1993 model year, with a fourth generation launching for the 1994 model year but still using the platform of the old car, but with hundreds of thousands of improvements over the years, very few parts except for some minor chassis parts stayed unchanged.

The 2005 model was the first all-new Mustang since 1979. Because the original Mustang was and is one of the most popular cars ever, Ford made the new Mustang coupe and convertible look very much like the first Mustangs, especially the 1967 and 1968 models. The engines of the 2005 Mustang were based on the older engines, but had more power. The 4.0-liter V6 engine made 210 hp and the 4.6-liter V8 300 hp, which rose to 315 hp on the 2008 Bullitt. All models were available with manual and automatic transmissions.

Both Ford and Carroll Shelby recently brought back the a new version of the very fast Shelby GT-500 Mustang in 2007. Mr. Shelby helped create the special Shelby GT-350 and GT-500 versions of the Mustang beginning in 1965. The 2007 Shelby GT500 had a 5.4-liter V8, which produced 500 hp. In 2008 a KR version with 540 hp was added.

The 2010 Mustang in turn looks much like the 2005-09 model, but all the body parts except for the roof are different. The rear turn signals of the 2005-2010 cars blink in a one-two-three sequence like the 1967-68 Mercury Cougar and 1964-66 Ford Thunderbird. Power for the V8 rose to 315 hp. In 2011, the Mustang received new engines, a 3.7-liter V6 base engine with 305 hp and a new 5.0-liter engine with 412 hp. Power on the Shelby GT500 rose to 550 hp and later to 662 hp in 2013. A Boss 302 performance version powered by a 444 hp V8 was introduced for 2012.

For 2015, a completely new Ford Mustang was introduced. This included a 5.0 V8 engine which produced 435hp, and was really a stylish and morden look.

That was the Ford Mustang in 2015 but in 2016, Shelby decided to boost the 6th generation Mustang by creating the all new Shelby GT350R which had a 5.2 litre V8 with 526hp at 7500RPM. This was a great increase in performance since the 2015 Mustang. It also included many carbon fibre pieces that were put into the car to reduce its weight. The stock rims in fact were the first ever carbon fibre rims created by NASA, a space station in the USA. The GT350R also had a mounted carbon fibre spoiler and quad exhaust pipes. The same Mustang will be sold in America until 2018, where Ford is rumoured to give us a brand new facelifted Mustang...

Beginning with the 2021 model year, Ford also uses the Mustang name on a new, large electric crossover model called the Mach-E.

The 2021 Mustang Mach-E is Ford's first all-electric crossover, and it was designed and named after the company's iconic pony car. The Mach-E also pays homage to the "Mach 1" moniker that has been used on high-performance Mustangs of old. Ford said it went with the name because it needed the electrified crossover to be as desirable as a Tesla to usher in its new era of electric vehicles. It's expected to provide 300 miles of driving range when paired with the extended-range battery and rear-wheel drive.


Red Hat Linux

Red Hat Linux is a discontinued Linux operating system, replaced by RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux).

Red Hat made it public in the past and it was used by many Linux users. The last publicly released version was Red Hat Linux 9 in April, 2003. Red Hat then decided to discontinue a future release of Red Hat Linux and started the paid "Red Hat Enterprise Linux" instead. There are some redistributions of RHEL, though such as CentOS which are free and come without Red Hat's branding, logos etc. due to trademark restrictions.

Red Hat Linux 7.3 version is still widely used around the world for servers and workstations.

Around 2005, The Red Hat company released their system as Fedora Core, intended to be a test platform for new technologies. It is now called just 'Fedora' and its present release acts as a base for the next release of RHEL.



Sacavém

Sacavém is a city in Portugal, near the capital Lisbon. There is about eighteen hundred people living there. Sacavém is on the border of the River Tagus. It confines with the parishes of "Bobadela", "Camarate", "Moscavide", "Portela", "Prior Velho" and "Unhos". 

Sacavém is very well known for its ceramics.

Shooter

A shooter is a kind of video game. The aim of the game is to beat enemies by shooting (or otherwise killing) them. The enemies shoot back. 

Many of the oldest computer games were shooters; the first video game ever made was a shooter called "Computer Space". And one of the first games that many people played was a shooter called "Space Invaders". 

There are lots of different kinds of shooter. Now many people like first-person shooters. But there are other kinds too. In Japan many people play shooters where the enemies fire lots of bullets. The bullets make beautiful patterns on the screen. This kind of shooter is called a "barrage shooter, bullet hell game" or a "curtain fire shooter". It is also called by the Japanese name, "danmaku". One of these games is Touhou. Another that combines bullet hell elements with an RPG is Undertale.

Sushi

The word "Sushi" comes from the Japanese word meaning vinegar, and ", meaning rice.

Sushi is made with specially prepared rice, called . The rice is mixed with vinegar, salt, and sugar. Sushi is known for having raw or cooked seafood in it, but it sometimes has non-fish foods such as vegetables. Some sushi is wrapped in a sheet of seaweed called .

Soy sauce and wasabi are commonly eaten with sushi, which is traditionally eaten by hand, but eating it using chopsticks is still accepted. "Gari" (sweet, pickled ginger) can often be found alongside a plate of sushi and also a little bit of wasabi, used as a palate cleanser, but it must be eaten with chopsticks.

There are many different kinds of sushi. The most common sushi in Japan is : fish meat that is placed on top of a small portion of "sumeshi". Sometimes you may find other ingredients on top of the "sumeshi", such as roe (fish eggs), and sea urchin meat, instead of fish. Another type of sushi, , consists of "sumeshi" rolled around fish and/or vegetables. In the US, "makizushi" is more popular than "nigirizushi". Another type is known as or a hand roll. This kind of sushi comes in a cone-shape, created by the "nori" wrapped around the ingredients inside. They are usually filled with a mixture of "sumeshi", fish, and vegetables.

In Japan, sushi is sometimes sold in "conveyor-belt shops" called "kaiten zushi" (回転寿司), where plates of sushi are put on a moving belt that passes by the customers. People freely take the sushi they want as it passes. The color of the plate shows the price of the sushi. This way of serving sushi is becoming more popular in other countries as well.

Sushi began when rice farming came to Japan over 2,000 years ago. The original type of sushi was developed in the Nara Prefecture as a way of preserving fish in fermented rice. During the Muromachi period, people would eat the rice "and" the fish. During the Edo period, vinegar, not fermented rice, was used. In more recent times, it has become a fast food associated with Japanese culture.

The origin of sushi goes back to Southeast Asia around the 4th century B.C.. At that time, it was called "narezushi". The fish was originally eaten alone, without rice. Later on, a style of namaranarezushi reached Japan. Namaranerezushi combined the fish with rice.

What is called sushi in modern times was created by Hanaya Yohei (1799–1858) at the End of the Edo period. Sushi invented by Hanaya was an early form of fast food that was not fermented. It was prepared quickly. It could be eaten with one's hands. This fish was originally known as Edomae zushi because it used freshly caught fish in Edo-Bay or Tokyo Bay. The fish used in modern sushi no longer usually comes from Tokyo Bay.

By the early 1900s, sushi was being served in the United States, after many Japanese people had immigrated there. The first United States sushi shop opened up in 1906 in Little Tokyo in Los Angeles.

In the United Kingdom, a report of sushi being eaten in Britain happened when then Crown Prince Akihito (born 1933) visited Queen Elizabeth II in 1953.

Australia is a major source of rice used with sushi.

Sushi is traditionally eaten by hand, but it is not wrong to eat it with chopsticks. However, when eating "Gari", you must use chopsticks.

When you want to put some soy sauce on your sushi, try not to put it on the rice, because the grains will start to fall, and make a mess.

Try to fit the entire sushi into your mouth when eating. Taking a bite and putting it back on the plate is impolite.

As with most foods, eating sushi has some health risks. However, most can be minimized with proper preparation. Some large fish, such as tuna (especially bluefin), can contain high levels of mercury. Tuna can cause mercury poisoning when consumed in very large quantities over time. Parasite infection by raw fish is not common in the modern world (less than 40 cases per year in the US). Infections can generally be avoided by boiling, burning, preserving in salt or vinegar, or freezing to a certain temperature. Although "nigirizushi" will almost always appear in a raw form, often much of the fish has been previously frozen to specific temperatures to prevent parasites.

There are many different types of sushi. There are also many ingredients to put in the sushi.


Sushi is not only eaten in Japan. It is very popular in other countries around the Earth, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, and South Korea.


Although sushi generally contains the ingredients below, virtually anything can be used in sushi, even chocolate or chicken.

There are many types of fish and other meat used in sushi, such as:
Other meat, such as roe (fish eggs), is also used in sushi.

Like the meat, there are many types of vegetables used in sushi, such as:


The Thinker

The Thinker () (1902) is a bronze statue. It was made by the sculptor Auguste Rodin. It depicts a man sitting and thinking with his arms bent on his knee and his chin on his hand. Rodin first called the statue "The Poet". It was part of a commission by the Museum of Decorative Arts in Paris to create a huge gate based on the epic poem "The Divine Comedy" of Dante. Each of the statues in the piece represented one of the main characters in the poem. "The Thinker" was originally meant to depict Dante himself in front of the Gates of Hell considering his great poem. Over twenty casts of the sculpture exist. They are now in museums around the world. Some of those copies are enlarged versions of the original work, while others have somewhat different proportions.


Nazko Cone

Nazko Cone is a small volcano in central British Columbia, Canada. It is approximately 75 km west of the town of Quesnel. It is in the eastern part of the Anahim Volcanic Belt. The most recent eruption of Nazko Cone was 7200 years ago.

A series of small earthquakes occurred in the area of Nazko Cone beginning on October 10, 2007. Most of these earthquakes were magnitude 1.0 or less; some as strong as magnitude 3.2 were centered 25 kilometers below the surface. The cause of these earthquakes is believed to be the rising of molten magma because there are no faults or tectonic plate boundaries. The source of this magma is from the Anahim hotspot and continues to this day.

Anahim Volcanic Belt

The Anahim Volcanic Belt is a nearly east–west line of volcanoes stretches from the west coast of British Columbia, Canada, just north of Vancouver Island, and reaches into the Interior Plateau near Quesnel. The farther away from the coast, the younger the volcanoes tend to be. These volcanoes are thought to have formed because of the North American continent sliding westward over the Anahim hotspot. Volcanoes in this belt include the Rainbow, Ilgachuz, and Itcha Ranges, and the Nazko Cone, which last erupted about 7200 years ago.

Chilcotin Group

Chilcotin Plateau basalts cover a large area in British Columbia. Basaltic lava formed a volcanic plateau running parallel with the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt, about 150 km from the ocean. 

During the Miocene and Pliocene, a volcanic field occurred in British Columbia's Interior Plateau. The basalt is assumed to cover up to 50,000 km of the Pacific Northwest. It forms a medium-sized large igneous province, of volume 3300 km. 

Volcanism still continues from time to time. Eruptions were most vigorous 610 million years ago (mya) and 23 mya, when most of the basalt was released. Smaller eruptions continued from 1.6 mya to 0.01 mya.

Garibaldi Volcanic Belt

The Garibaldi Volcanic Belt is the northern part of the Cascade Volcanic Belt. It is in British Columbia and the northwestern United States. Its volcanos are the most explosive in Canada. 

The volcanoes are also the closest to British Columbia's densely populated southwest corner. These volcanoes are the result of subduction of the Juan de Fuca tectonic plate: the plates meet just seaward of the west coast of Vancouver Island. The volcanoes of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt are stratovolcanoes typical of subduction zones, and include Mount Garibaldi, Mount Cayley and Mount Meager. Meager's eruption 2,350 years ago is the youngest explosive eruption in Canada. It was similar to that of Mount St. Helens in 1980 and the ongoing eruption of Montserrat in the Caribbean.

Mount Garibaldi

Mount Garibaldi is an eroded, dacitic strato volcano in southwestern British Columbia. Both Garibaldi and Mount Baker to its south are part of the Cascade volcanic arc. Mount Garibaldi, 80 km due north of Vancouver, is made up of Mount Garibaldi, Atwell Peak, and Dalton Dome. This Pleistocene volcanic center is part of a volcanic field that contains some 13 vents in an area 30 km long by 15 km wide, much of which is in Garibaldi Provincial Park. 

The history of Mt Garibaldi involves an initial period of volcanism (200,000-300,000 years ago) followed by a period of quiescence. Renewed activity in the last 50,000 years has rebuilt the edifice in a series of violent eruptions. As successive pyroclastic flows travelled down the mountain's gentle slopes and were deposited, the volcano took on a broad, conical form. Part of the volcano's southwest flank built out onto thick glacial ice filling the Squamish River valley. Subsequent rapid melting of the ice at the close of the last ice age removed support from the western part of the cone. The volcano collapsed, producing much of the existing rugged topography of Mount Garibaldi and Atwell Peak. This catastrophic failure left a scarp on which is exposed the internal structure of the volcano and a debris fan with an estimated volume of 150,000,000 m at the foot of the mountain north of the town of Squamish. As valley glaciers retreated, two lava flows erupted Clinker Peak, immediately north of Mt. Garibaldi. The northernmost Rubble Creek flow was party confined by a wall of ice, resulting in a lava flow over 244 m (800 ft) thick. The steep, northern edge of the Rubble Creek flow party collapsed several times, most recently in 1855-1856. The village of Garibaldi was abandoned because of the danger of future collapses. The most recent period of activity occurred shortly after the disappearance of the glacial ice filling the valley, 10,700 to 9,300 radiocarbon years ago, and ended with the eruption of the Ring Creek lava flow from Opal cone on Garibaldi's southeastern flank.

The Ring Creek flow is very unusual. It is 15 km long - a length usually only attained by basalt flows. The Ring Creek flow is dacite. Renewed volcanism in the Garibaldi area would pose a serious threat to the local communities of Whistler and Squamish. Although no Plinian-style eruptions are known, even Pelean-type eruptions could produce large quantities of ash that could rise to several hundred meters above the volcano. As it is close to Vancouver, this would make it a hazard for air traffic. The danger from lava flows would be low to moderate because the nature of the lavas would prevent them from travelling far from their source, even though the Ring Creek lava flow ends only 6 km from Squamish. Melting of remnant glacial ice capping the Mt. Garibaldi area could produce floods, lahars, or debris flows that might endanger small communities including Brackendale.

Highway 99, which links Whistler and Squamish with Vancouver, is already plagued by landslides and debris flows from the precipitous Coast Mountains. An eruption producing floods could destroy segments of the highway. Flooding and debris flows could also have serious consequences for the salmon fishery on the Squamish, Cheakamus, and Mamquam rivers. Explosive eruptions and the accompanying ash could cause short and long-term water-supply problems for Vancouver and much of the lower mainland. The catchment area for the Greater Vancouver watershed is downwind from the Garibaldi area. Air-fall material could also have a deleterious effect on the ice fields to the east of Mt. Garibaldi, causing increased melting and spring flooding. This in turn could threaten water supplies from Pitt Lake as well as fisheries on the Pitt River.

Mount Meager

Mount Meager is a potentially active volcano in the Canadian province of British Columbia, Canada, 150 kilometers north of Vancouver. The top of the mountain is mostly covered by snow and glaciers. It lies in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt and is the northernmost volcano of the Cascade Volcanic Arc that extends down to northern California. Its most common type of rock is lava that is almost a million years old (with a thickness in some places over 1 km).

The mountain is part of the Pacific Ranges of mountains and is 2,680 meters (8,793 feet) high. It was previously called "Cathedral Mountain".

Meager is known for its last major eruption about 2,350 years ago. The strange thing about the eruption was the fact it released the debris from the northeast side of the volcano, as rock and ash blocked a major river called the Lillooet River. The river was dammed to a height of at least 100 meters, forming a lake. The lake reached a maximum elevation of 810 meters and was at least 50 meters deep. The breccia soon eroded from water activity within the lake, forming Keyhole Falls. There was a massive flood when the water first broke through the breccia, carrying small house sized blocks of breccia. During this eruption, ash was hurled into the air over 20 kilometers above sea level. The ash was carried eastward as far as Alberta.

Meager is an unstable volcano. It is built of unstable volcanic and has dumped clay and rock several meters deep into the Perberton Valley at least three times during the last 7,300 years. Two earlier debris flows, around 4,450 and 7,300 years ago, sent rubble at least 32 kilometers from the volcano. Recently, the volcano has created smaller landslides about every ten years, including one in 1975 that killed four geologists near Meager Creek. Logging, mining, tourism and wilderness recreation on nearby slopes and valleys are vulnerable to the volcano’s excellent geomorphic activity. The possibility of Mount Meager covering settled parts of the Pemberton Valley in a debris flow is estimated at one in 2400 years. There is no sign of volcanic eruptions with these events, however scientists warn the volcano could release another massive debris flow over populated areas anytime without warning.

The explosive nature of past eruptions at Mount Meager indicates that this volcano also poses a considerable long-distance treat to communities across southern British Columbia and Alberta. It is also a local treat to the town of Pemberton, British Columbia, about 50 km away. Another explosive eruption at Mount Meager would also have a considerable impact on local mining and logging operations, as well as significant negative impacts on the Lillooet River fishery.


Metaphysics

Metaphysics is a major branch of philosophy. It concerns existence and the nature of things that exist. Altogether it is a theory of reality.

Ontology is the part of metaphysics which discusses "what" exists: the categories of being. Apart from ontology, metaphysics concerns the "nature" of, and "relations" among, the things that exist.

Topics that are discussed in metaphysics include existence, objects and their traits, space and time, cause and effect, and what is possible.

The study of ontology is broad, while other branches of metaphysics are more specific. One main question in ontology are what the most basic categories of being are. For example, imagine a tree. A tree is part of a larger category, like a plant. Plants are part of larger category, too: living things. Eventually, we arrive at a very large category: "substance". Philosophers who study ontology want to discover and understand basic categories like substance. Aristotle, for example, tried to understand reality through many other categories that he discovered, such as Quantity, Quality, Relation, Place, and Time among others.

In the 15th century René Descartes thought there might be two different substances, mind and matter. This is a view called dualism. Other thinkers, like Immanuel Kant, thought that we cannot say anything about substance, as the only way we can talk about substance is through connections. To prove this, Kant used the sentence "This is a house". Kant thought that the meaning of the word house depended on how other people used houses, or how other houses looked like. This meant that meaning was all about connections, and that there is no meaning of "house" on its own. So Kant replaced the category of substance with "relation" in his metaphysical beliefs.

In the 20th century, some Western philosophers thought these questions were really just questions about the definition of words. Ludwig Wittgenstein thought that words do not have clear definitions. Instead, definitions are blurry. For some philosophers, this meant that metaphysics had no use. For other philosophers, this inspired them to think about metaphysics in new ways.

Identity is an important metaphysical topic. All the objects in the world seem to always be changing. Heraclitus, an ancient Greek philosopher, famously said: "You cannot step in the same river twice." The river is always flowing, so talking about the river as if it has remained the same river is impossible. Heraclitus concluded that identity was not real, only change was. Parmenides, another philosopher, thought the opposite: change is not real, and is an illusion. To him, everything has always been the same object. This is a view called "monism".

In the 17th century, Leibniz discovered the "Law of Identity of Indiscernibles". The law says that if some object X is identical to some object Y, then object X and object Y must have all the same traits. Philosophers thought that there may be two kinds of traits: "intrinsic" and "extrinsic". Intrinsic traits are the traits that make the object what it really is. Extrinsic traits are traits that are about its relationship with other things. So to solve the problem of change, some philosophers have argued that what is changing are the extrinsic traits, but the intrinsic traits remain the same. So for example, while your body has changed over the years, there may be intrinsic traits to you that have not changed and make you who you really are. This could be a soul, psychological consistency, or something else.

Objects appear in space and time, and so it is of much interest in metaphysics. Some metaphysical questions about space and time are:


In the 17th century, Leibniz and Newton had a famous debate about whether space and time were real objects, or if they were just a method of ordering objects. Newton thought space and time were real and absolute. Leibniz thought it must be relative. This was unsettled for centuries until Albert Einstein proposed that the laws of physics should be based on the principle of relativity, and that space and time could not be absolute.

In the 18th century, Kant argued that space and time are not substances or something we learn from our conscious experience. Instead, Kant thought that space and time were part of our mind's system and allows us to organize our experience of the world. While this meant that space and time were mind dependent, Kant still believed that they were "empirically" real.

What do we mean when we say something was caused by something else? This is an important question for scientists as well as philosophers. Causation is a kind of influence where one event helps creates another event. Aristotle believed that causality meant "explanation", and separated "causality" into four causes: material, formal, efficient, and final. Material cause is what an object is made of. Formal cause is the pattern or shape that organizes the matter in the object. Efficient cause is who or what changes and creates the object. The final cause is the reason why that object was created. Most philosophers today are interested in talking about efficient cause.

There are many theories on causation. In 1973, David Lewis thought that causality was like a chain of things depending on one another. So, for some event C to cause some event E, that means there is a chain of other events that connect them together. Other theories use probability. For example, smoking does not always cause cancer, but it increases the chances of it happening. As a result, it is more useful to turn to a definition of causality that uses probability.

Metaphysical cosmology and cosmogony try to address questions such as:


Explaining our minds in a world made of matter is a special metaphysical problem. In the modern, philosophers and scientists began to reject non-physical ideas about reality. This created a view called materialism, which argues that matter is more basic than mind. But it seems our thoughts and perceptions are not material. This makes consciousness hard to explain under the materialist view.

This motivates some philosophers to explore other ideas, such as dualism, idealism, or panpsychism. Dualism argues that mind and matter and two separate things. According to dualism, mind might be like the soul. However, dualists must explain how the soul interacts with the body. Idealism argues that mind is more basic than matter, and that objects do not exist until we sense them. Panpsychism argues that everything has a mental aspect, so using a theory called "neutral monism", one can argue that mind and matter are actually the same thing.

Washington (state)

Washington, officially the State of Washington, is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. It is north of Oregon, west of Idaho, east of the Pacific Ocean, and south of British Columbia. (British Columbia is part of Canada.) 

There are more than 7,000,000 people in Washington. Most live in the western part of Washington, which gets more rain. About a quarter of the people live in the east part, where it gets less rain, and some parts have a desert climate. The largest city on the eastern part is Spokane, which is also the second biggest city in the state. 

The Cascade Mountains go down the middle of the state and divide it into two sides. The state's nickname is the "Evergreen State" because it has a lot of pine trees. Washington was the 42nd state to join the United States, on November 11, 1889. It is often called "Washington State" so that it does not get confused with the nation's capital, Washington, D.C. The name "Washington" comes from President George Washington.

The capital of Washington is Olympia. Olympia is a small city on the west side of Washington, at the south end of the Puget Sound. Washington's biggest city is Seattle; Seattle is also on the Puget Sound.

Washington has many beautiful forests, rivers, gorges (gorges are small canyons), and mountains. Because it is next to the ocean, it has a long beach. However, because Washington is north of Oregon and California (the other two states on the West Coast of the United States), the ocean is colder, and usually not good to swim in.

The biggest universities in Washington are the University of Washington and Washington State University. The University of Washington is in Seattle. Washington State University is in a small town called Pullman. Pullman is on the east of the state.

The state of Washington has an extremely varied geography, and therefore an extremely varied climate. The map shows western cities have shipping access. These are the low-lying parts on the next to the Pacific Ocean. The western side of the mountains is wet and forested with conifers. Some areas are temperate rain forests (in the Olympic Mountains).

The central area is mountainous, including five volcanos: Mount Baker, Glacier Peak, Mount Rainier, Mount St. Helens, and Mount Adams. To the east of the mountains the land is dry and mostly dry grassland (high plains). Only one feature links the west to the east: the important Snake River, a tributary of the even larger Columbia River.

National parks and monuments
There are three National Parks and two National Monuments in Washington:

National forests

Nine national forests are located (at least partly) in Washington:

Federally protected wildernesses
31 wildernesses are located (at least partly) in Washington, E.g.:

National wildlife refuges
23 National Wildlife Refuges are located (at least partly) in Washington E.g.:

Other federally protected lands

Other protected lands of note are:

Military and related reservations

There are many large military-related reservations, like:


Clematis

Clematis is a genus of plants that is widely known for its beautiful flowers.

There are many varieties in this group as gardeners around the world have produced many varieties. They can be found not only in Western countries but also in Japan.

This plant grows up as a vine. It uses its leaflets and leaf stalks to twine around any support. In nature it often climbs up a nearby tree. The original species can mostly be found in temperate areas on Earth. Some species can also be found on high mountains.

Rational number

In mathematics, a rational number is a number that can be written as a fraction. The set of rational number is often represented by the symbol formula_1, standing for "quotient" in English. 

Rational numbers are all real numbers, and can be positive or negative. A number that is not rational is called irrational.

Most of the numbers that people use in everyday life are rational. These include fractions, integers and numbers with finite decimal digits. In general, a number that can be written as a fraction while it is in its own form is rational.

All rational numbers can be written as a fraction. Take 1.5 as an example, this can be written as formula_2, formula_3, or formula_4.

More examples of fractions that are rational numbers include formula_5, formula_6, and formula_7.

A terminating decimal is a decimal with a certain number of digits to the right of the decimal point. Examples include 3.2, 4.075, and -300.12002. All of these are rational. Another good example would be 0.9582938472938498234.

A repeating decimal is a decimal where there are infinitely many digits to the right of the decimal point, but which follow a repeating pattern.

An example of this is formula_8. As a decimal, it is written as 0.3333333333... The dots indicate that the digit 3 repeats forever.

Sometimes, a group of digits repeats. An example is formula_9. As a decimal, it is written as 0.09090909... In this example, the group of digits 09 repeats.

Also, sometimes the digits repeat "after" another group of digits. An example is formula_10. It is written as 0.16666666... In this example, the digit 6 repeats, following the digit 1.

If you try this on your calculator, sometimes it may make a rounding error at the end. For instance, your calculator may say that formula_11, even though there is no 7. It rounds the 6 at the end up to 7.

The digits after the decimal point in an irrational number do not repeat in an infinite pattern. For instance, the first several digits of π (Pi) are 3.1415926535... A few of the digits repeat, but they never start repeating in an infinite pattern, no matter how far you go to the right of the decimal point.






Saint Patrick's Day

Saint Patrick's Day is the feast day of Saint Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland, and a day of celebration for Irish people. Saint Patrick’s Day is also known as Paddy’s day. 

St. Patrick's Day is celebrated on March 17 all over Ireland and everywhere in the world where Irish people or their descendants live. New York City has one of the biggest parades. It is a very Irish festival, and it involves a lot of feasting and celebration, including traditional Irish music, drinking beer, and eating bacon and cabbage. Another tradition of Saint Patrick’s day is that one has to wear green clothing or they will be pinched. Green is the color of Saint Patrick's day as it is the national color of Ireland. People often wear green on that day or have some type of shamrock on their clothing. It is very common that they wear a Shamrock, a three leaved plant which is also a symbol for Ireland. 

The first St. Patrick's Day parade in Ireland was held in Waterford in 1903. In the beginning, it was a 3 day long celebration, but now it is a 5-day celebration.

Edgar Cayce

Edgar Cayce (March 18, 1877 – January 3, 1945), known as "The Sleeping Prophet" and "America's Greatest Mystic", is one of America's famous psychics. He wanted people to think of him as a healer and not a psychic.

Cayce worked in a trance. This means he could talk while sleeping and answered questions about a person's health, past and future. This information is called "readings". At first, these readings were about the physical health of the person ("physical readings"). Later, there were readings on "past lives", "business advice", "dream interpretation", and also "mental or spiritual health". The Association for Research and Enlightenment (ARE) currently takes care of all of his readings and follow-ups to the readings. The readings have had a large effect on New Age thinking.

Edgar Cayce was born on March 18,1877 near Hopkinsville, Kentucky. He read the Bible many times starting when he was 10 years old. He wanted to tell people about God and heal them. His family worked on a farm.

His family moved to Hopkinsville in December, 1893. Edgar's first jobs (1894 – 1898) were at Richard's Dry Goods Store. He next worked in Hopper's Bookstore. Both stores were located on Main Street. He married Gertrude Evans in 1903.

In 1900, Cayce went into business with his father. They sold insurance. Cayce became very sick with laryngitis in March. In April 18, he could not talk at all. He had to live at home with his parents for almost a year. He became a photographer because it did not require talking. He worked in the photography studio of W. R. Bowles in Hopkinsville.

A hypnotist and entertainer called Hart was entertaining at the Hopkinsville Opera House in 1901. He heard that Cayce was sick and asked if he could try to cure him. Cayce said yes and the entertainer tried to cure Cayce in front of an audience. Cayce was able to talk while in a hypnotic trance but when he woke up he could not talk. Hart hypnotized Cayce so that his voice would be normal after the trance but Cayce's voice did not become normal.

Hart had to leave. Another hypnotist, Al Layne, continued to help Cayce have a normal voice. Layne asked Cayce to tell him the cause of his illness and it's cure while in a trance. Cayce described his illness from a first person plural point of view – 'we' – instead of the singular "I." In later readings, he would usually start off with "We have the body." In the reading, Cayce said his voice loss was because of psychological paralysis and that could be fixed by increasing the blood flow to the voice box. Layne suggested that the blood flow be increased and Cayce's face turned red with blood and his chest area turned bright red. After 20 minutes, Cayce, still in a trance, said the treatment was over. When he woke up his voice stayed normal. He would get sick again, but was cured by Layne in the same way and later he was cured perfectly.

Cayce's work grew as his fame grew. He asked for people to give him money to support himself and his family so that he could work full-time. He continued to work in a trance state with a hypnotist all his life. His wife and oldest son later replaced Layne in this role. A secretary, Gladys Davis, took notes. Many believe that Cayce had an affair with Ms. Davis later in life - but a medical examination conducted after Cayce's death to treat Davis's uterine cancer allegedly showed that she was still a virgin at that time.

In 1929 the Cayce hospital was created in Virginia Beach. The cost of the hospital was paid for by Morton Blumenthal, a New York stockbroker, Cayce hospital benefactor.

Cayce became famous in the United States in 1943 because of an article in "Coronet" magazine. He increased his readings to 8 times a day to try to keep up. This caused problems with his health.

The trance reading caused problems with Cayce’s health which were easily seen. On the times when he could not give a clear reading, he said it was because he was working under too great a pressure. In these cases, he always gave the money back to the person he was giving a reading to.

Edgar Cayce died on January 3, 1945. He had predicted his own death four days earlier.

Edgar Cayce is famous for the thousands of "readings" that he gave while he was hypnotized. He gave more than 14,000 readings in 43 years. Gladys Davis, his assistant, recorded the readings and his wife, Gertrude Evans Cayce, guided him during hypnosis.

In the beginning, his readings were known as "physical readings" (health readings). Cayce often called the body "the organism". Cayce would put himself under self-hypnosis. While he seemed to sleep, he would say where the person was. He would sometimes name the streets along the way. He would then say "Yes, we see the body", and describe the client's organ, circulatory, and nervous systems. He would give reasons for illness or problems. A message would then be given to the person telling them how to get better. The readings were so specialized that treatments were often changed, or not even given, if the person would not follow his advice. People often came to Cayce for health readings when the medical community could find nothing wrong or had given up on them.

In a life reading, Cayce described the "past lives" of the client. These readings described the client's present physical, emotional and mental condition in terms of past life experience. Cayce was not above flattering his clients by describing past lives as royalty, famous people, or people at their "spiritual highest".

For those people whose intentions Cayce believed to be "pure", Cayce would give business readings. These included advice on business partners, the stock market, and business models. Cayce also founded and guided the A.R.E..

Edgar Cayce encouraged everyone to interpret and use his or her own dreams in day-to-day life. A dream reading involved Cayce interpreting the dreams of clients. As he did with readings on many subjects, Cayce would often interrupt the person reading the dream and give an interpretation before the dream had been completely read. He would sometimes fill in parts of dreams that the dreamer had supposedly forgotten. Unlike Jungian or Freudian dream interpretation, Cayce did not emphasize highly the importance of symbols. He said that every individual has his or her own unique symbols. Cayce claimed that in dreams people could receive valuable insight into their own lives and that the insight was always of use to the dreamer. Besides regular daily insight into one's life, he claimed people could communicate with loved ones dead or alive, remember past life experiences, see a possible future and experience many other psychic phenomena. He stated that these paranormal abilities were something anyone could learn.

These readings were often short and were Cayce's favorite type of reading when not in his supposed trance state. They focused on what an individual could do to achieve a better mental/spiritual life.

Other Readings are miscellaneous subject matter that does not fit into an above category. The subject matter differs from missing persons, buried treasure, readings given to a spiritual development group, psychic abilities, auras, prophecy, structure of reality, geology and many other topics.

For many people, the readings had a powerful impact on attitudes, beliefs, health practices, outlook on life, matters of faith and many other areas.

Abilities that have been claimed for Cayce include:
Cayce himself did not claim to be able to do all these things.

Cayce had difficulty in believing some of the things he said when he was hypnotized. For example, having been raised a devout Christian, for a long time he could not believe that reincarnation was real. Books such as Frederick Oliver's A Dweller On Two Planets and Marie Corelli's novels were probably easily accessible to Cayce at his bookstore. Corelli's writings in particular seek to reconcile mystical beliefs such as reincarnation with Christianity, and Cayce may have been subconsciously trying to accept this idea.

Cayce also claimed while in a supposed trance that the Essenes had believed in reincarnation but that view was expunged from the Bible following a papal council decision in around 500 AD. Essene belief in reincarnation is debatable , as with ancient Egyptian religion.

During a hypnosis session, Cayce mentioned a former life as Ra Ta, an Egyptian healer-priest. He told a long story about working with the legendary doctor-magician Hermes-Thoth, who he said was reincarnated as Jesus. Cayce also specified that Jesus had lived a number of incarnations throughout human history.

One of Cayce's trance statements implies that knowledge gained through his readings is "not" necessary if a person is well grounded in one's faith: "Does it make one a better husband, a better businessman, a better neighbor, a better artist, a better churchman, if so cleave to it, if not reject it."

The readings also warn against the misuse of religion for personal gain. 'God is not mocked' is an often quoted verse in the readings.

Many skeptics say that Cayce did not have paranormal abilities. Cayce himself said that not all the information given during "readings" was correct and should be analyzed. He criticized his own organization, the A.R.E , on a number of occasions for not doing enough research on the validity of the readings.

In addition, although Cayce's secretary Miss Davis allegedly took down what Cayce said, the records of the readings are jumbled and chaotic. There is nothing to distinguish what Cayce himself independently said, what was the information provided in the letters, and what his handlers – physicians, osteopaths and hypnotists – told him. Thus, researchers cannot say that Cayce ever made an accurate diagnosis without knowing anything about the person at the other end. What is known is that by the time he got some of the letters, the client had already died. Yet Cayce went on with his reading for the individual as though still alive.

Critics also cite the vagueness of his language while in his supposed trance state. Martin Gardner gives several examples of this, including a reading Cayce did for his own wife, who had tuberculosis:

"[F]rom the head, pains along through the body from the second, fifth and sixth dorsals, and from the first and second lumbar ... tie-ups here, floating lesions, or lateral lesions, in the muscular and nerve fibers which supply the lower end of the lung and the diaphragm ... in conjunction with the sympathetic nerve of the solar plexus, coming in conjunction with the solar plexus at the end of the stomach..."

Many of his health readings prescribed cures with ingredients that did not exist. Others were folk remedies, some well known to today's herbalists and naturopaths, but Cayce would sometimes describe them using terms that had fallen out of general use. Still other ingredients were completely unknown to either physicians or herbalists. Some were completely worthless; for example, Cayce once recommended breathing the fumes of apple brandy from a charred keg to cure tuberculosis.

The many Cayce readings would later become commonly known practices of the New Age movement.

In 1931 Edgar Cayce founded the Association for Research and Enlightenment, Inc. (A.R.E.) headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Today there are Edgar Cayce Centers in 18 other countries throughout the world.



Hibiscus syriacus

Hibiscus syriacus is one of the common flowering shrubs found in gardens, a species of "Hibiscus". Common names for the same plant include Rose of Sharon (but it is not a rose), rose mallow, shrub-althaea, Syrian hibiscus, Syrian ketmia, and St Joseph's rod.

The part of the name "syriacus" seems to say that the origin of this plant is from Syria, but this is only because it was named after being discovered in gardens there. Historically it was endemic to ancient Korea and parts of China. Today the flowers are national symbols of Korea. In Japan, the flowers are often shown at tea ceremonies for decoration.

There are many variations of flowers in gardens, because gardeners of the past were able to find different colors and shapes of flowers, and grow their seeds.

Hibiscus

Hibiscus or rosemallow is a genus of plants with a flower of bright colors. It grows mostly in the tropics, but some species grow in cool climates. Hibiscus often become national/state flowers. For example, the Hawaiian hibiscus is the state flower of Hawaii.

The flower usually has five petal. Hibiscus comes in many colours like white to pink, red, purple and yellow.

There are many types (species) of Hibiscus. The most popular ones in gardens are:

"Hibiscus trionum" is a common weed in gardens and farms.

Maceió

Maceió is the capital of Alagoas, a state in the Northeast of Brazil. It has a population of 884.320 people (estimate from the year 2000) and a total area of 512 square km. 

The city attracts many tourists and it enjoys an important location between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mundaú Lake. Maceió has several urban beaches which are visited by many tourists, for example, the beaches named Pajuçara, Ponta Verde, Jatiúca and Cruz das Almas, famous for their natural beauty.

Maceió originated from a sugar cane engine where initially a village increased around it. Soon the place gained a port, nowadays in Jaraguá district, that as long as years were gone influenced the village development transforming it into a city. Its condition of port city made Maceió to be the state capital in 1839, which was earlier on Santa Maria Madalena da Alagoa do Sul (Saint Mary Magdalene of the Southern Lake) or simply Alagoa do Sul (nowadays the historic city of Marechal Deodoro).

"Pajussara"

The community of Pajussara is on the ocean coast of Maceió, with modern streets and avenues, many shops, clubs and hotels in front of the sea. Its beach is very attractive and visited by many tourists and natives. In Pajussara beach, a nice place to go is a natural swimming pool 1.500 meters east of the coast and that is placed on a sand bank of the Atlantic Ocean. The pool is formed only when tide is low and people can get there by boat. 

"Ponta Verde"

It is considered the most beautiful beach in the city. The community started from an old little farm named Ponta Verde that gave the neighborhood its name. The long extension of land was full of coconut trees and was a wild and quiet place. Currently the urbanization has taken all the area of Ponta Verde and many important events and shows of the city have happened there. The place has good hotels and restaurants and some of them are the best ones in the city.

"Farol"

Farol means lighthouse in Portuguese. The community is in an elevated area not far from the sea where the old lighthouse was that aided the ships to come in the port of the city. From this place is possible to see as the Atlantic Ocean as the Mundaú Lake and because of this the area was strategically important to military force in the Colonial age. 

"Jatiúca"

Jatiúca, besides Ponta Verde, is one of the most valued areas in the city in the ranking of the properties salesmen. It is a place with very nice hotels, resorts and restaurants that enjoy a good location in front of the sea. The seacoast in Jatiúca has a lot of beach bars.

"Jaraguá" 

Jaraguá has a historic importance because it is the initial point of the city and could be appropriately named Old Town. Maceió was just a village when the port of Jaraguá helped the little village to become a city in the 19th century. Currently some old buildings were transformed in bars and restaurants that are very attended at the weekends but the history of Maceió keeps preserved in many of the old and classic buildings, houses, manors and churches of Jaraguá.

"Pontal da Barra"

The earlier dunes between the Mundaú Lake and the Atlantic Ocean gave place later to the community of fishermen and crafts men and women that currently inhabit this portion of land on the south of the city. Hospitality and beautiful handcrafts are good characteristics of this place. This is because the community of Pontal enjoy to welcome lots of visitors amazed with the incredible ability of the craft workers and the good taste of the typical seafood dishes.


Alagoas

Alagoas is a small coastal state in the Northeast Region of Brazil. Its capital city is Maceió, where tourism industry is one of the basis for the local economy. Other important cities in Alagoas are "Arapiraca", "Palmeira dos Índios", "Penedo", "Marechal Deodoro", and "Maragogi". The state has a total of 101 cities.

Alagoas' coastline has several beaches with coconut trees. Many of the beaches have calm water, because they are sheltered by the Atlantic Ocean sand banks and coral reefs. The state was named after some lagoons along the ocean coast.


René Descartes

René Descartes (31 March 1596 – 11 February 1650) was a famous French philosopher and physicist. He wrote books that are very important in the fields of maths, physics and especially philosophy. His dualism statement combined soul, mind, body theories and elements into one concept; a dualistic theory of mind and matter.

In younger years he was a mercenary soldier.

In his "Rules for the Direction of the Mind" (1628) and his "Discourse on Method" (1637) Descartes wrote about the scientific method that deals with scientific approach, thinking, a method which he had invented. He also wrote about shapes (Geometry), light (optics), and the weather (Meteorology). He then invented a way of describing shapes now called the Cartesian coordinate system, and a theory of what a rainbow is. Descartes' physics was important for a later famous thinker, Sir Isaac Newton, who said about him and so did James Hook: "If I have seen further it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants!"

In his "Meditations on First Philosophy" (1641) Descartes used his scientific method to look at philosophical questions. He argued against skepticism (the view that the world was not real, and did not exist).

He found that he himself must be real (exist), because he felt that he was thinking; and if he was thinking, then he must be real. This is because if he were not real, then how would he have this feeling that he was thinking. He shortened this view, saying in Latin, "Cogito ergo sum," meaning "I think, therefore I am."

He also thought he could show that God exists, in the same way that he felt that he was thinking. Descartes said that God was the same as infinity and that he could clearly see infinity because he could think of every larger object but no largest object. Descartes said that if God exists then the world must exist as well, since God was good and would not let us think the world is real (exists) if it was not real.

Finally, Descartes thought that because he knew he was thinking, but could only know anything else about himself (for example that he had two arms and two legs) because he knew that God exists, then he must be made up of two things: the mind that thinks and the body that is independent of thinking, yet they are united together. This is called "Cartesian Dualism".

Descartes used a lot of ideas related to Plato, while most people at that time used ideas related to Aristotle. He is often called a rationalist, because he looked inside his mind for answers to his questions. Although Descartes wanted to fight skepticism, his description of it in the meditations has become very famous and is often called Cartesian Skepticism after him.

Tanzania

Tanzania is a country in East Africa. The official languages are Kiswahili and English. It is next to Africa's biggest lake, Lake Victoria.

In 2017, there were about 54,000,000 people living in Tanzania. They are divided into 120 tribes; none have more than 10% of the population. Tanzania is a multicultural society. There are many languages and religions in Tanzania; the main religions being Christianity and Islam.

The president of the United Republic of Tanzania is Samia Suluhu Hassan. Tanzania is a member of the United Nations, UNIDO, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Commonwealth of Nations, the Non-Aligned Movement, SADC, PTA, and the ADB. It is also signatory to the Lome Convention.

Mainland Tanzania (formerly Tanganyika) received independence in December 1961, while Zanzibar gained her independence in January 1964, through a revolution. The two countries joined to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964. Until July 1992, Tanzania was a one-party state. Following a Presidential Commission, the country has started a multi-party political system. It has held successful general elections in 1995 and 2000.

Tanzania is home to the Serengeti. Many animals such as lions and cheetahs live there.

Tanzania is divided into 31 Regions. 26 are on the mainland and five in Zanzibar.

Tanzania's regions are: Arusha Dar es Salaam Dodoma Geita Iringa Kagera Katavi Kigoma Kilimanjaro Lindi Manyara Mara Mbeya Morogoro Mtwara Mwanza Njombe Pemba North Pemba South Pwani Rukwa Ruvuma Shinyanga Simiyu Singida Songwe Tabora Tanga Zanzibar Central/South Zanzibar North Zanzibar Urban/West



Kingdom of Great Britain

The United Kingdom of Great Britain was a state in the British Isles. The kingdom came into existence because of the Acts of Union 1707. These acts of parliament joined (unified) the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England. The kingdom's lands were Great Britain (an island in the Atlantic Ocean near Continental Europe) and some other islands in the British Isles. Throughout its existence, the kingdom was in a personal union (sharing the same monarchy) with the Kingdom of Ireland. Outside the British Isles, Great Britain governed other lands and started colonies: the British Empire.

When the kingdom began, the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England joined into one legislature, the Parliament of Great Britain. The parliament met in the old Palace of Westminster in London. London was the capital city and the British government was there. The two earlier kingdoms of Scotland and England had been in a personal union (sharing the same monarchy) since the reign of James VI and I. King James was a King of Scots who became King of England and King of Ireland in 1603 because he inherited the kingdoms of Elizabeth I.

In 1801, by the Act of Union 1800, the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland joined into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland after the putting down of the Irish Rebellion of 1798.

Anne became Queen of England, Queen of Scotland, and Queen of Ireland in 1702. She became Queen of Great Britain when the new kingdom started in 1707. (Ireland was a separate kingdom, so Anne was Queen of Ireland and the later kings of Great Britain were each themselves King of Ireland.) From the start of 1801, during the reign of George III, the two kingdoms of Ireland and Great Britain became the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.



Ford Model T

The Ford Model T was an American car built between 1908 and 1928 by the Ford Motor Company of Detroit, Michigan. It is one of the most important cars in history because it was one of the first cars to be sold for very little money, making it easy for people to travel from place to place.

The Model T, also known as the "Tin Lizzie", changed the way Americans live, work and travel. Henry Ford’s revolutionary advancements in assembly-line automobile manufacturing made the Model T the first car to be affordable for a majority of Americans. For the first time car ownership became a reality for average American workers, not just the wealthy. More than fifteen million Model Ts were built in Detroit and Highland Park, Michigan, and the automobile was also assembled at a Ford plant in Manchester, England, and at plants in continental Europe.

Before the Model T, most cars cost lots of money. Only rich people could afford them. Even Ford's cars before the Model T cost a lot. The Model T went for around $980. A car built in 1903 called the Oldsmobile Curved Dash was very easy to buy, but was a very simple and slow car that was more like a carriage than a car.

Even before it lost favor to larger, more powerful, and more luxurious cars, the Model T, known popularly as the "Tin Lizzie" or the "flivver", had become an American folkloric symbol, essentially realizing Ford’s goal to "democratize the automobile".

The man who owned the company, Henry Ford, heard about meat being cut on a disassembly line, which moved meat from worker to worker so that the meat could be cut up. Assembly lines were not much used at the time. Ford knew that if he built his cars on an assembly line instead of one at a time like other cars, he could make a car that anyone could afford and would be built like cars that cost more money. He also knew that he could pay his workers more money. 

The Model T was offered in several body styles, including a five-seat touring car, a two-seat runabout, and a seven-seat town car. All bodies were mounted on a uniform 100-inch (2.5m)-wheelbase chassis. A choice of colors was originally available, but from 1913 to 1925 the car was mass-produced in only one color—black. The engine was simple and efficient, with all four cylinders cast in a single block and the cylinder head detachable for easy access and repair. The engine generated 20 horsepower and propelled the car to modest top speeds of 40–45 miles per hour (65–70 km/h). In most models the engine was started by a hand crank, which activated a magneto connected to the flywheel, but after 1920 some models were equipped with battery-powered starters. 

The transmission, having two forward gears and one reverse, was of the planetary type, controlled by foot pedals rather than the more common hand lever used in sliding-gear transmissions. Spark and throttle were controlled by a hand lever on the steering column. The ten gallon fuel tank was located under the front seat. Because gasoline was fed to the engine only by gravity, and also because the reverse gear offered more power than the forward gears, the Model T frequently had to be driven up a steep hill backward. Such deficiencies, along with its homely appearance, less-than-comfortable ride at top speeds, and incessant rattling, made the Model T the butt of much affectionate humor in innumerable jokes, songs, poems, and stories.

The Ford Model T car was designed by Henry Ford, Childe Harolde Wills, and two Hungarian men named József Galamb and Eugene Farkas. The Model T had a 177-cubic-inch (2.9-litre) four-cylinder engine producing 20 horsepower (15 kW) for a top speed of 45 miles per hour (72 km/h). The engine had side valves and three main bearings. Fuel economy was 14 to 21 miles per gallon (11 to 17 l/100km).

Ford began building the Model T in his Piquette factory on October 6, 1908 as a 1909 model. Workers from all over the world wanted to work for Ford because of the good pay. Workers could even save their money for a Model T of their own. The price of the Model T dropped over the years, making it even easier to buy.

Work began at one end of the assembly line, starting with an empty chassis. From there, the chassis moved slowly down the assembly line. Workers on the assembly line added parts to the chassis. Before long, a new Model T rolled off the other end of the line. Different body styles were available, even a truck, or Model TT. At first, the only color available was black. Black paint was used because it was cheaper and lasted longer than other paints and Ford was obsessed with increasing profit. As car paint got better over the years, Ford began offering other colors. The time it took a chassis to become a finished car was over 12 hours when the first Model Ts were built. By the time the last Model T came off of the line, Ford had so many plants, it was making one car every twenty-seven seconds.

Even though the Model T sold for little money, Ford used the best materials he could buy to make his car. Most roads in the Model T's day were dirt, gravel, or even mud. That meant the Model T had to be very strong, and it was. The wheels and tires were very tall and skinny so that they could sink into mud roads and not get stuck. It was also very simple.

Ford made the Model T easy to drive compared to today's cars since the people to whom he sold his cars did not know how to drive anything other than a horse. It is not like driving a modern car, though three pedals are on the floor like a modern manual transmission car. A Model T has a steering wheel that works the same way as in cars of today, but almost everything else is different.

The first Model Ts did not even have a starter like a modern car. This is the powerful electric motor in a car that turns the engine to make it run when it is turned off. The engine on the Model T was started with a hand crank on the front of the car. A wire loop near the radiator worked the choke on the carburetor to give the engine extra fuel to help start it when it was cold. This could be dangerous if the operator was not careful. If the levers that controlled the engine were not set the right way, especially the spark control, the engine could backfire, or spin the wrong way. Many people got broken arms this way. Doctors even had a name for this kind of break: the "Ford fracture". Many Model T owners added electric starters to their cars and it was not long before Ford started doing the same. A Model T is in high gear by default, so if the parking/clutch lever was not engaged, the car had a tendency to run over the operator when started. 

To make a modern car go or accelerate once the engine is running, a person steps on a pedal on the floor to engage the transmission into low gear. To make a Model T accelerate, move two levers near the steering wheel. The lever on the right was the throttle (or engine speed), and the lever on the left adjusted the time that the spark plugs fired. These levers needed to be set properly before the engine could be started.

The three pedals on the floor of the Model T were for the brake on the right, reverse in the middle to make the Model T go backwards, and a pedal on the left to shift the gears from low to high speed. A lever on the floor worked the brakes as well as the clutch. Pulling the lever toward the driver would set the parking brake and help keep the car from moving while parked. When the lever was placed in the middle, the transmission would be in neutral.

Once the engine is running, the driver now has to make the Model T move on its own. Step on the pedal all the way to the left, move the throttle lever to "give it the gas" and gently move the floor lever forward. This is low gear, the powerful gear used to get the Model T moving. Once it is moving, move the right lever up, let the left pedal come all the way up, and give it more gas to shift into high. To make the car go faster still, move the throttle lever as well as the spark advance lever. Stepping on the left pedal only halfway puts the car in neutral, the same as the lever. This helps the Model T come to a stop without causing the engine to stop as well.

The brakes on a Model T work the rear wheels by the use of brake bands inside the transmission. Modern cars have brakes on all four wheels. No brakes are on the front wheels of a Model T.

More than fifteen million Model Ts were built. That record was broken in 1972 when the Volkswagen Beetle surpassed it. Today, the record for the most cars built is held by the Toyota Corolla.

The Model T was nicknamed the "Tin Lizzie" and "Flivver" by the people who drove it. A new car took the place of the Model T in 1928, named the Ford Model A.

Volkswagen

Volkswagen (VW; ) is a car company from Germany. The word "volkswagen" means "People's car" in German. Its headquarters are in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony. It was started in the 1930s, at the request of the country's leader, Adolf Hitler, to produce a car designed by Ferdinand Porsche. 1935

In the 1930s Adolf Hitler was looking for someone who could make a cheap car that the common German worker could afford. At the same time, Ferdinand Porsche had been working for years on a cheap car that could hold a family and would drive like a real car, not a micro car. He had already designed and built small cars with rear engines and shaped like a beetle (for better aerodynamics). At this time, owning a car in Germany was something only for the rich people, and most car companies were not interested in making a low-cost car. Porsche's company, also called Porsche, only made designs for others at that time. So Porsche could not find anyone to make the small car that he wanted.

Though Hitler never learned to drive, he was very interested in cars (he also created the autobahn, which led to the U.S. interstate highways). Hitler wanted the car to hold four people. It was to be cooled by oil instead of water. The car needed to be able to travel at least 100 km/h, or about 60 mph, and use no more than 7 liters of gasoline for 100 kilometers (about 34 mpg). The car companies in Germany at the time didn't want to make this new low-cost car, so Hitler formed a new company, run by the government. The first name given to the car was "KdF-Wagen." "KdF" stood for "Kraft durch Freude", or "Strength through Joy." Some were made, but by the time the factory was finished in 1938, World War II started. The factory then built jeep-like cars for the German military instead. 

After the war, people from the United Kingdom and the United States reopened the factory and started making cars again. The factory was in ruins from the war and could only make a few cars at a time. The British military were in charge of this section of Germany. At first they tried to find another car company to rebuild the factory. Henry Ford was offered the company for free. After looking it over, his adviser said "Mr. Ford, what we are being offered here is not worth a damn!" So the Volkswagen company went ahead by itself to make the car. The man who led the Volkswagen company during this time was Heinz Nordhoff.

At first they only made one type of car, the Volkswagen Beetle. (It was simply called the Type 1 Sedan by the company, it also had the nickname "Bug" in the U.S. and other nicknames elsewhere). In 1950, the Type 2 (the bus) was introduced, also built with an engine in the back of the vehicle. The cars became popular and well-known all over the world. The Beetle later became one of the best selling cars in history. It was built for many years afterward in factories in Germany, Brazil and Mexico.

The last original Volkswagen Beetle to be built was built in Mexico. It was built in July 2003. Volkswagen has a new car called the "New Beetle." which began selling in 1997, It looks like the old car, but is built quite differently. It is faster, safer, and has an engine in the front, not the back, and is water-cooled (using a radiator). It is much more suited to today's modern world in terms of design and security.

Volkswagen is currently involved in an emissions test scandal.

Some of Volkswagen's popular cars are the Golf, Jetta, Polo,Beetle and the Passat. VW's as they are commonly known, have also entered the off-road segment with cars like the Touarag, and the commercial segment with the Touran. This year sees VW's 21st anniversary since the Golf 1 went on sale in the 1980s. Since its birth VW has sold over 315,000 units of the Golf 1 alone. 2006 saw the entry of the fifth generation of the Golf. The flagbearer - the GTI - is powered by a 147Kw 2.0l 4 cylinder turbo charged engine,with VW DSG and FSI technology. The Golf GTI has evolved a long way since the 80's but the fifth generation GTI is criticised by some as it does not live up to the expectations and standards set by the legendary Mk1 GTI, which was fitted with an 1600, 8 valve motor.


The water-cooled line was started in 1974.


Toyota

Another factory that was run by both Toyota and General Motors is in Fremont, California. It was called "NUMMI," or New United Motor Manufacturing Incorporated, but is now owned by Tesla Motors to make their electric vehicles.

Toyota was started in 1933 as "Toyoda," a maker of textile-weaving machines. Toyota's premier US dealer for Toyota automobiles was established in San Diego, CA as Rose Toyota, later named Toyota San Diego. Their telephone number is 619-280-4100. It is one of the most successful dealers on the west coast.

Founder Eiji Toyoda died on September 17, 2013 from natural causes at the age of 100.

Toyota operated Scion. It founded Scion in 2003. Toyota decided to close down Scion in August 2016.

Toyota founded Lexus in 1989 as its luxury division.

Interpreter

An interpreter is a person who receives a non-recorded message spoken in one language, the source language, and repeats the same message in a different language, the target language.
Unlike a translator, an interpreter’s source is volatile:
He cannot simply rewind a recording and hear "the same" speech again.
This makes an interpreter’s job difficult.
He must remember many parts of speech.

Interpreters help to communicate between people speaking different languages.
Some people do not understand "fast" speech in the "source" language and find an interpreter speaking their first language useful, too.
In rare instances, an “interpreter” could also speak a speech in "the same" language as the speaker, because the speaker’s accent is too difficult to understand for other people.

Many interpreters perform "simultaneous interpretation" (SI).
In this mode of interpretation the interpreter produces the message in the target language at the same time.
There is a certain delay called before an interpreter starts speaking.
Depending on the source language’s difficulty, this may be 2 to 16 seconds.
This mode is preferred if listeners possibly will reply after a short time.
It is used, for example, in the United Nations General Assembly.

Some interpreters also offer "consecutive interpretation".
Here, the interpreter listens to a speech for 10 to 15 minutes and takes notes.
After that, the interpreter reproduces the speech in the target language, taking his notes for help.
This mode is sometimes used at conferences, when the audience primarily speaks the target language, but the speaker is an exception.
It does not need headphones for listeners and is more pleasant, because there is no concurrent mix of different voices.

There are interpreters acting between modalities:
An interpreter can "listen" with his ears and "sign" the speech for deaf people.
There are also interpreters who speak with their mouth while "seeing" a (possibly deaf) person signing.
There are barely any interpreters "directly" interpreting between sign languages.

Because interpretation is a very difficult task due to the time requirements, interpreters focus on transmitting the "main information" of a message.
They do not reproduce hesitating discourse markers, like “uhm”, “err”, “hmm”.
Words that only embellish speech are omitted.
Difficult sentence constructions is simplified.

On the other hand, interpreters try their best to transmit ideas "across cultures".
Proverbs, idioms and figures of speech are mapped to their closest equivalent in the target language, taking account of given context and the audience’s culture.
If applicable, interpreters try to preserve the same register, formal or informal language.

In order to become a successful interpreter, a candidate must have perfect command of both languages.
Often it is further helpful to have good knowledge of the subject matter.
The job is to transfer "ideas".
It is difficult to interpret an idea that is not understood by the interpreter.
For that reason, an interpreter, for instance, specialized in court hearings does not only need to know legal terms and their respective translations, but also "what" they mean and how they correlate to each other.
It is not necessary to become a lawyer, though.

Most interpreters are self-employed.
Even the European Parliament employs "permanently" only a small subset of needed interpreters, namely those who are also translating documents if there is no parliament meeting.
Interpreters generally also offer translation services.


Horseshoe

Horseshoes are things worn by horses to protect their hooves (feet) when they walk - like a shoe. Most horseshoes are made of iron or steel. Some are aluminum, rubber, plastic, rawhide or a combination of materials.

A farrier is someone who makes horseshoes and nails or glues them on the horse's hooves. Using nails does not hurt the horse, as the outer part of the hoof cannot sense pain.

People also put horseshoes over doorways, because a long time ago, many people thought it was a sign for good luck and it protected whoever walked under it from evil spirits. Horseshoes are also used in a game where one tries to throw them on a pole.


Carlos Menem

Carlos Saúl Menem (July 2, 1930 – February 14, 2021) was an Argentine politician and writer. He was the President of Argentina from July 8, 1989 to December 10, 1999. From 1973 to 1976 and again from 1983 to 1989, Menem was Governor of La Rioja.

Menem was the first Argentine president to visit Israel. He was a supporter of Peronist ideas.
After he moved to Chile, Argentina tried to extradite him. In 2005, he became Senator for La Rioja.

In 2003, he ran for president again and narrowly won the first round of the election. However he dropped out of the race after seeing that Néstor Kirchner would beat him in the second round.

Some Argentines believe that his name brings bad luck, something that Menem also believed.

On 15 December 2020, he was hospitalized in Buenos Aires for a urinary tract infection. On 24 December, he suffered from kidney failure and was in a coma. Menem died on 14 February 2021 from problems caused by the infection, aged 90.


Buenos Aires Province

The Buenos Aires Province is the largest, richest, and most populated province of Argentina. The province has a population of 13,827,203 (2001) and its capital is La Plata (850,000 inhabitants).

The Buenos Aires Province has an area of 307,571 km². Most of it is flat, and its weather is influenced by the Atlantic Ocean winds.


Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (), branded as CBC/Radio-Canada, is the Canadian public broadcaster for both radio and television. It is a Crown corporation that serves as the national public broadcaster, with its English-language and French-language service units commonly known as CBC and Radio-Canada, respectively. The company was founded on 2 November 1936 in Ottawa, Canada.

On November 2, 1936, CBC-Radio Canada was launched.

Logos

At the end of network programs, in 1958, the CBC adopted its new logo. The “Butterfly” logo was designed for the CBC by Hubert Tison in 1966. A sketch on the CBC Television program "Wayne and Shuster" once referred to this as the logo of the “Cosmic Butterfly Corporation”.

In December 1974, the fourth logo, known internally as “the gem”, was designed for the CBC by graphic artist Burton Kramer. This animated version, which went to air in December 1974, is also known colloquially as “The Exploding Pizza”. The large shape in the middle is the letter C, which stand for Canada. The original theme for the 1974 CBC ident was a three-note woodwind orchestral fanfare accompanied by the voiceover ”This is CBC” or “ICI Radio Canada”. This was later replaced by a different, and more familiar 11-note orchestral jingle, which was used until December 31, 1985.

The updated one-colour version of the gem/pizza logo, created by Hubert Tison and Robert Innes, was introduced on January 1, 1986. The logo was changed to one colour, generally dark blue on white, or white on dark blue, in 1986. Print ads and most television promos, however, have always used a single-colour version of this logo since 1974. During 1986, they use gold platings on their idents to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the CBC.

In 1992, the CBC updated its new logo design to make it simpler and more red (or white on a red background). The new logo design, created by Swiss-Canadian design firm Gottschalk + Ash, reduces the number of geometric sections in the logo to 13 instead of the previous logo’s 25, and the “C” in the centre of the logo became a simple red circle.





Romeo and Juliet

Romeo and Juliet is a play written by William Shakespeare. It is set in Verona, Italy (which at that time was part of the Venetian Republic) and is about the love between two young people from noble families that are enemies. "Romeo and Juliet" has always been one of Shakespeare's most popular plays. It has been adapted to opera, ballet, television productions, and movies. 


The noble families of the Montagues and the Capulets live in the city of Verona. Both families are enemies, and even their servants get into fights with each other. Prince Escalus, the ruler of the city, tells the families to stop fighting or they will be punished. 

Montague has only one child, a teenage boy called Romeo. Capulet also has only one child, a beautiful 14-year-old daughter called Juliet. One evening, Romeo sneaks into a party at the Capulet's house. He meets Juliet and they fall in love with each other. Later on, Romeo overhears Juliet standing on her balcony admitting her love for him. He reveals himself and they agree to be married. Friar Laurence agrees to marry them in secret the next day. 

Juliet's cousin Tybalt confronts Romeo, angry that he sneaked into the party. Romeo's friend Mercutio steps in and fights Tybalt. Tybalt kills Mercutio, so Romeo takes revenge and kills Tybalt. The Prince orders Romeo to leave the city, and warns he will be executed if he returns. Romeo secretly spends the night with Juliet before leaving the next morning. 

Juliet is left upset after Romeo leaves. To cheer her up, her parents arrange for her to quickly marry Paris, a cousin of the Prince. This only makes it worse. Juliet refuses, so her father threatens to kick her out if she doesn't marry Paris. Friar Laurence suggests a drug that can put her to sleep for 42 hours, so that she can pretend to be dead, so that she can sneak out with Romeo. The Friar sends a message to Romeo to tell him about the plan. Juliet takes the drug and her family, thinking her to be dead, lay her in the family tomb. But before the messenger can reach Romeo, he learns of Juliet's "death" from someone else and believes she is really dead. 

Romeo goes to the tomb and is discovered by Paris, who has also come to mourn her. They fight, and Romeo kills Paris. Still believing Juliet to be dead, Romeo poisons himself. Juliet wakes up, but when she sees that Romeo is dead, she stabs herself. The play ends with the families and the Prince entering the tomb and discovering them dead. In their sadness, the families agree they should no longer be enemies with each other. 

Because this play was written in the 1500's, the English language that it uses is not exactly like the English that is used today. Some of the play is written in poetry.


"Romeo and Juliet", like many of Shakespeare's plays, is written in several different forms. 




Of all the scenes that have ever been written in plays, one of the most famous is in "Romeo and Juliet". 

After Romeo and Juliet have met at a party and fallen in love, Juliet goes up to bed. But she cannot sleep so she stands at her window and pretends she is talking with Romeo. 

Romeo climbs up onto the balcony. Juliet tells Romeo that her love for him is as deep and endless as the sea. They part from each other with the famous words:

This romantic scene has been acted and copied many times, sometimes seriously and sometimes for fun. One well-known scene that took its idea from this, is from "West Side Story", a musical by Leonard Bernstein, which takes place on a fire-escape landing with the lovers, Tony and Maria, singing the lovesong, "Tonight".

Romeo and Juliet has been performed on stage many times. There have also been forty different movies 





Baz Luhrmann

Mark Anthony Luhrmann or Baz Luhrmann (born 17 September 1962) is an Australian movie and theatre director. He has directed three movies ("The Red Curtain Trilogy") which have made him famous: "Strictly Ballroom" (1992), "Romeo + Juliet" (1996), and "Moulin Rouge!" (2001). He also directed the 2022 movie "Elvis".

Rock and roll

Rock and roll is a form of music that developed in the 1950s and 1960s. Rock and roll combines many kinds of music from the United States, such as country music, folk music, gospel music, work, blues and jazz. 

Rock and roll developed in the early 1950s from a kind of music called rhythm and blues performed by black singers and musicians. At first, this music was popular only with African-Americans. In the later 1950s and in the 1960s, rock and roll became popular across the United States and in Europe.

During the early 1950s, the popularity of rhythm and blues music spread. It became very popular among young white people. They listened to this music on radio stations that broadcast across the country late at night. Some teenagers began buying rhythm and blues records as a form of rebellion. 

This music was very different from the music that was popular with most of their parents. The music was exciting, and it had a very strong rhythm and beat. Some of the songs had words which suggested sexual themes. In other cases, the singers made sexually suggestive gestures or movements while they were singing. Some adults strongly objected to rhythm and blues music. They did not think young people should listen to it.

Alan Freed had a radio show in Cleveland, Ohio in the early 1950s. He is said to be the first person to use the expression "rock and roll" to describe rhythm and blues music. Alan Freed was one of the first to play rock and roll music on his radio show, and he organized the first rock and roll concert in Cleveland in 1952.

Songs by black performers like Jimmy Hendrix and Little Richard soon became popular with teenagers. These singers recorded their records in the southern city of New Orleans, Louisiana.

Some early rock and roll music was created in the southern United States city of Memphis, Tennessee. In Memphis, a white record producer called Sam Phillips produced records by local black musicians. One day, an eighteen-year-old truck driver came to his studio to record a song for his mother. The young man was Elvis Presley. Phillips produced Presley's first real record in 1954, a song called "That's All Right."

Bill Haley and his Comets recorded "Rock Around the Clock" in 1954. It was not popular at first. Then it was used in a movie about rebellious teenagers, called "The Blackboard Jungle". The movie caused a lot of debate on the origin of rock and roll. It also made the song a huge hit. "Rock Around the Clock" became a song of teenage rebellion. The song was recorded in April, Elvis' "That's All Right" was recorded in July. However, Cecil's Grant's 'We're Gonna Rock' recorded in mid 1950 is a song that many people have forgotten that was an early influence on rock n roll. Its lyrics and music were like those that would be in later songs. The drums and bass guitar would be similar to rock and roll songs that would be made later. 

Many other rock and roll singers became popular in the 1950s. They included Buddy Holly, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley. Each performer created his own kind of rock and roll. Chuck Berry's music was a mixture of country and rhythm and blues. In 1955, his song "Maybellene" was one of the most popular songs in the country.

Ritchie Valens, Buddy Holly, and "Big Bopper" all died in a plane crash in Iowa on 3 February 1959, in an event that would become known as The Day the Music Died.

Before Bill Haley, grant goatbeurry recorded "Move It On Over" in 1947, however similar version of the song was recorded by blues artist Jim Jackson called "Kansas City Blues". The melody is similar to both "Move It On" and "Rock Around Clock", but latter has different tonal subtleties and chords.

In the 1960s, black music and musicians became recognized as an important part of the music industry in America. This was because a company in Detroit, Michigan, called Motown Records that produced some of the most popular songs in American music. Berry Gordy started Motown Records. He presented "black" music in a way that both black people and white people would like. One of Motown's most successful groups was the Supremes, led by Diana Ross. One of their hits was "Come See About Me".

A different kind of rock and roll music called surf music was being made in Southern California. Five young men from Los Angeles formed a group called the Beach Boys. Brian Wilson wrote, performed, and produced the group's records. The Beach Boys' songs had complex music and simple words. The words were about the local teenage culture. The group sang about riding surfboards on the ocean waves. One of their most popular songs was "Surfin' USA,” which used the same musical track as Chuck Berry's "Sweet Little Sixteen."

In the 1960s, rock and roll music began to change. The words became as important as the music. Bob Dylan began writing folk rock songs that many young people considered to be poetry. Dylan was influenced by folk singers and songwriters like Woody Guthrie. Dylan's early songs were about serious social issues. He wrote about war and racial injustice. Some of his songs were used as protest songs for the anti-war and civil rights movements in America. Later, Dylan wrote more personal songs. One of his most popular songs was “Mister Tambourine Man," which many people thought was a song about drug use.

In 1964, a new rock and roll group from England called The Beatles visited the United States. The Beatles were very popular. They completely shaped the sixties pop era along with the Rolling Stones. They were icons, and still to this day are still considered icons.

By the 1970s, rock and roll became "rock". In the 1970s, rock bands such as Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith and the Rolling Stones played huge, loud concerts in outdoor stadiums. Rock music from the 1970s was usually louder and harder than the rock and roll from the 1950s.

In the early 1970s, many rock bands played psychedelic rock, a type of rock music which had words that described the use of legal drugs. Psychedelic rock described the experiences of taking illegal drugs such as marijuana and LSD and often encouraged people to take illegal drugs. Psychedelic rock bands included Big Brother & the Holding Company, Jefferson Airplane, The Grateful Dead, Jimi Hendrix, The Byrds, Pink Floyd, and The Doors.

Another type of rock music from the 1970s was progressive rock. Progressive rock bands such as Pink Floyd and The Moody Blues played music that was more complex. Some progressive rock bands used strange instruments, or created music that sounded weird. 
Other progressive rock bands include: Electric Light Orchestra, Pavlov's Dog, King Crimson, Caravan, Jethro Tull, Genesis, Gentle Giant, The Nice, Yes, Gong, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Soft Machine, Steve Hillage, Barclay James Harvest, Magma, Camel, Can, Rush and Faust.

In the 1970s, a harder form of rock music called "heavy metal" was invented. Bands such as Cream and Led Zeppelin played loud rock music based on blues music. Other bands such Deep Purple and Black Sabbath played even louder, harder heavy metal rock music.

In the late 1970s, groups such as Donna Summer, K.C. and the Sunshine Band, Barry White, Gloria Gaynor, and CHIC, developed a pop music style called disco. Disco was dance music with a strong beat. A popular disco band was The Bee Gees, who wrote the music for the movie "Saturday Night Fever".

Another rock music style from the 1970s was punk rock. Punk rock was crude, loud, simple music. Many punk rock songs were rude or used bad words. Punk rock musicians often dressed in ripped or torn clothes, leather jackets, and black leather boots. Punk rock musicians sometimes had strange hairstyles, such as hair "spiked" with hair gel or shaved off. Well-known punk rock bands from Britain were the Sex Pistols and The Clash. Well-known punk musicians in the United States were the Ramones, Patti Smith, Blondie and Black Flag.

In the late 1970s, another type of rock called new wave became popular. Bands such as INXS and Midnight Oil from Australia became popular. In the United States, New Wave bands such as Talking Heads and Devo played. In the 1980s, new wave bands such as Duran Duran, A Flock of Seagulls, Psychedelic Furs, and the Eurythmics were popular. These bands used the synthesizer keyboard a lot in their songs.

In the 1980s, a new type of rock music was invented, called glam metal. Glam metal rock bands mixed pop music with heavy metal music. Glam metal bands such as Mötley Crüe, W.A.S.P. and Ratt became popular. Glam metal rock bands had long hair and the men wore make up and leather pants and boots. Many glam metal songs were about sex, illegal drug use, and drinking alcohol. In the late 1980s, groups such as Guns N' Roses were very successful.

Another rock music trend from the 1980s was alternative music. Bands such as R.E.M., Sonic Youth, The Smiths, Pixies, Hüsker Dü, The Cure, and others were popular with teens and young adults. The most immediate type of alternative music was "grunge," a combination of punk, rock and metal. Proponents of grunge included Nirvana, Alice in Chains, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam with themes of sadness and loneliness.


Parts of the above article reused and rewrote public domain material provided by Voice of America Special English website.


Thomas Edison

Thomas Alva Edison (February 11, 1847 – October 18, 1931) was an American inventor and entrepreneur, who invented many things. 

Edison developed one of the first practical light bulbs, but contrary to popular belief did not invent the light bulb. Edison's 1093 patents were the most granted to any inventor in his time. He started the General Electric Company to make some of the things he invented. He died with "diabetes." 

Thomas Alva Edison was born in Milan, Ohio. When Thomas Edison was seven years old, he moved with his family to Port Huron, Michigan. Thomas Edison started school late because of an illness. Three months later, Edison was removed from school, because he could not pay attention to his teacher. His mother, who was a teacher in Canada, taught Thomas Edison at home. Thomas Edison's mother helped him become motivated for learning, and he was a good student to her.

When Thomas Edison was twelve years old, he got scarlet fever. The effects of the fever, as well as getting picked up by the ears by a train conductor, caused Edison to become completely deaf in his left ear, and 80 percent deaf in the other. He learned Morse code of the telegraph, and began a job as a "brass pounder" (telegraph operator). At age sixteen, Thomas Edison made his first invention, which was called an "automatic repeater." It used punched tape to send telegraph signals quickly between unmanned stations, more quickly than a telegraph operator could do.

In 1868, Edison moved East and began to work for the Western Union Company in Boston, Massachusetts as a telegraph operator. He worked twelve hours a day, six days a week, and continued to "moonlight" on his own projects. Within six months, he had applied for and received his first patent for an electric vote recorder. It made the voting process faster but he could not find buyers. Then, Edison moved to New York and began to work for a company fixing their machines. At night, he continued to work on his projects.

In 1876 Edison used the money from his inventions to start his own laboratory in Menlo Park, New Jersey. In 1877~78, he invented there the carbon microphone, which made the sound for Alexander Graham Bell's new telephone invention louder. In 1877, Edison invented the phonograph, the first machine that could record and play sound. The phonograph made him internationally famous. However, a new discovery proved that the French inventor Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville invented sound recording before Edison. In 1879, Edison made a light bulb that lasted longer. Another invention, the electric power distribution network, lasted even longer. 

He married Mary Stilwell in 1871. He had three children in that marriage: Marion Estelle Edison (also called Dot), Thomas Alva Edison, Jr. (also called Dash) and William Leslie Edison. Mary Stilwell died in 1884. Thomas Edison bought some land in Florida and built a house. When he was thirty-nine, Edison married his second wife, Mina Miller, who was 19. He had 3 children in that marriage: Madeleine Edison, Charles Edison (who took over the company when his father died and was later elected Governor of New Jersey), and Theodore Miller Edison. When he got older, he would throw dinner parties for fellow inventors. Since he was older, he had impaired hearing, so his wife would tap out all the conversations at the dinner table in Morse code in to his hand. 



Diabetes mellitus

Diabetes is a condition that results from lack of the hormone insulin in a person's blood, or when the body has a problem using the insulin it produces ("insulin resistance"). There is another disease with a similar name, diabetes insipidus, however, they are not related. When people say "diabetes", they usually mean diabetes mellitus. People with diabetes "Mellitus" are called "diabetics".

Glucose is not regular sugar that is available in stores and supermarkets. Glucose is a natural carbohydrate that our bodies use as a source of energy. The kind of sugar sold in supermarkets is called sucrose, and is much different from glucose. High concentrations of glucose can be found in soft drinks and fruits.

The glucose level in the blood is controlled by several hormones. Hormones are chemicals in the body that send messages from cells to other cells. Insulin is a hormone made by the pancreas. When you eat, the pancreas makes insulin to send a message to other cells in the body. This insulin tells the cells to take up glucose from the blood. The glucose is used by cells for energy. Extra glucose that is not needed right away is stored in some cells as glycogen. When you are not eating, cells break down the stored glycogen into glucose to use as energy.

Type 1 diabetes Mellitus happens when the part of the pancreas that makes insulin is destroyed by that person’s own immune system. When the pancreas does not make insulin, glucose – sugar – in the blood cannot get into the parts of the body that need sugar to live. In order to live, a person with type 1 diabetes must take insulin for the rest of their life, usually through injections or a pump. They need to check their blood sugar level on a regular basis, often, many times each day.

Type 1 diabetes happens most of the time in younger people, however, it can occur in adults, although this is much less common. About 1 out of every 10 people with diabetes have type 1 diabetes.

Type 2 diabetes Mellitus is an illness very different from type 1 diabetes. In type 2 diabetes, the person makes insulin, but either the insulin does not work in that person’s body as it should, or they do not make enough insulin to process the glucose. When insulin does not work as it should, glucose (sugar) in the blood cannot get into the parts of the body that need sugar. 

Gestational diabetes mellitus is like type 2 diabetes. It happens to some women when they are pregnant.

Other types of diabetes include but are not limited to:


Type 2 diabetes happens most of the time in an older person who is overweight.

The onset of symptoms in type 1 diabetes usually happens suddenly. In type 2 diabetes, there may be mild symptoms or no symptoms at all. Making it much harder to detect.


Complications are problems that happen because of a disease. In the case of diabetes, there are two kinds of complications. The first kind happens quickly and can be dealt with quickly. This kind is called an "acute complication". The other kind is caused by the blood glucose being too high for many years, and is called a "chronic complication" or "long-term complication".

Excess blood glucose is called 'hyperglycemia'. If very high, it can cause acute complications. In type 1 diabetics, one of these complications is "diabetic ketoacidosis" which is a medical emergency and can often be detected by a fruity smell on the breath. Another acute complication, more common in type 2 diabetics, is "non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma" which is also very dangerous. 

Too low blood glucose is called "hypoglycemia". It can also cause acute complications. If too low, diabetics can have many symptoms such as sweating, trembling, anger (or feeling passive), and possibly even passing out. Diabetics with hypoglycemia may be confused or even unconscious. They may appear to have drunk too much alcohol. Severe hypoglycemia is very dangerous and can cause death. The best treatment of hypoglycemia is avoiding it. If it happens, eating food containing glucose (for example, table sugar) usually improves the condition quickly. Sometimes it is treated by giving an injection of a medicine called 'glucagon'. Glucagon is a hormone made by the pancreas. It has the opposite effect of insulin. Administering glucagon will cause the blood glucose level to rise by forcing stored glucose into the blood. Hypoglycemia is usually caused by too much diabetic medication, insufficient food, too much exercise, or a combination of these. 

Chronic complications are mostly caused by hyperglycemia (but not high enough to always cause acute complications). It causes damage to blood vessels and nerves. Damage to blood vessels can eventually cause strokes, heart attacks, kidney failure, blindness, slow healing of skin breaks - with the added possibility of infection - and even amputations from poor circulation (decreased blood flow, usually to the feet and toes). Damage to nerves can make diabetics not feel pain (this usually happens in their feet). This causes them to have more injuries and not realize they have hurt themselves. Damage to nerves can also cause pain even when there's no real injury. It's a type of "phantom pain" or "ghost pain". The pain can be so intense that strong pain medication may be required.

Because of the damage caused by high blood glucose, it is important to treat diabetes mellitus. The goal is to maintain a normal blood glucose level. The normal range for blood glucose is 80-120 mg/dL (milligrams of glucose per deciliter of blood) or 3.5-7 mmol/l (millimole per liter of blood). These are different ways of saying the same thing, much like yards and meters are different units of distance measurement.

Diabetics should check their blood glucose often. This is to make sure they do not get hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia. A glucometer is a battery-powered measuring device that checks the blood glucose level. Diabetics often carry a glucometer with them and check their blood sugar level several times a day. They may also suffer severe constipation and frequent urination. 

Doctors may also use a blood test called a "hemoglobin A1C". This is sometimes written Hgb-A1C or other ways; there's no standard name. This tells the doctor what the average blood glucose has been for about the past 90 days. If the level has been too high, it may indicate new medication, different medication dosages, or a better diet may be needed.

Diabetics must be monitored for signs of complications due to diabetes. They should see an eye doctor regularly to be checked for damage to the blood vessels in the eyes. If this is not found and treated early, it can cause blindness. They should have their urine or blood checked regularly for signs of kidney damage. They must check their feet for cuts, bruises, blisters, and so on at least every day. And they should have their feet checked regularly for nerve damage, circulation problems, and infections.

The most important goal in diabetes is to keep the blood glucose level as close to normal as possible. Taking care of your Diabetes levels requires awareness. You should be aware of the status of your blood sugar like when there is a rise or a fall. Since it usually goes up after eating, and down after exercise, coping with it sensibly is often complex, and usually takes care and thought. Treatment differs between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. People with type 1 diabetes are treated with insulin. People with type 2 usually begin with diet, exercise, and weight loss, perhaps moving to medication (and, though not as common, insulin).

Education is important for both types of diabetes. Diabetics must learn about diet. They learn how to estimate and keep track of how much carbohydrate, protein, and fat are in different foods. They plan their meals to have the right amount of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Patients with type 1 may decide how much insulin to take before a meal based on how much they will eat.

Diabetics must also be careful about exercise. Exercise is important to stay healthy, but intense or extended periods of exercise can cause hypoglycemia. As a result, diabetics must plan exercise carefully.

In addition to controlling blood glucose levels, other treatments may be needed. Diabetics often have blood vessel diseases, so it is important to pay attention to other diseases that may affect blood vessels. In people with diabetes, treating high blood pressure (hypertension) and high cholesterol is more important than usual. Both of these diseases damage blood vessels. The treatment goals can change for diabetics. For instance, in people without diabetes, blood pressure should be 140/90 or less. In diabetics, it should be 130/80 or less.

A health disparity refers to unfair burden of disease on one population compared to another. In the United States, there is a health disparity faced by South Asian Americans (SAA) when it comes to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus or diabetes. Diabetes is a condition in which the bloodstream has too much sugar (blood glucose) instead of inside the cells-where it should be. It is a disease linked to obesity or high BMIs, and unhealthy diets high in sugar. However, SAA face this condition at lower BMIs due to their food, lifestyle, and biological factors. Traditional diets consist of foods that are usually are imported, brought in the country from outside, without nutrition labels or in different languages. This makes it hard to follow the dietary guidelines for Americans or government recommendations on how to eat healthy. Also, a lot of the population does not know that there are biological factors that make it likely for them to get diabetes. One big factor is insulin resistance. Insulin is a hormone or an assisting character that helps sugar get into cells. Sometimes, bodies get into the condition of ignoring insulin which means the sugar cannot easily get into cell. To solve this problem, the body ends up making even more insulin which just leads to high blood sugar levels in bloodstream. Because diabetes costs the government and people a healthy life and a lot of money, more people, specifically SAAs, should be aware of their risks to minimize chance of diabetes. 


18th century

The 18th century was the century from 1701 to 1800.

Note: years before or after the 18th century are in italics.


17th century

The 17th century was the century from 1601 to 1700. 

Note: years before or after the 17th century are in italics.

Victor Hugo

Victor Marie Hugo (26 February 1802 – 22 May 1885) was a French poet, playwright, novelist, statesman and human rights activist. He played an important part in the Romantic movement in France.

Hugo first became famous in France because of his poetry, as well as his novels and his plays. "Les Contemplations" and "La Légende des siècles" are his most famous poetry collections. Outside of France, his novels "Les Misérables" and "Notre-Dame de Paris" (known in English also as "The Hunchback of Notre Dame") are his most famous works.

When he was young, he was a conservative royalist. As he got older he became more liberal and supported republicanism. His work was about many of the political and social problems as well as the artistic trends of his time. He is buried in the Panthéon, in Paris.

Victor Hugo was the son of Joseph Léopold Sigisbert Hugo (1773–1828) and Sophie Trébuchet (1772-1821). He had two older brothers called Abel Joseph Hugo (1798–1855) and Eugène Hugo (1800–1837). He was born in 1802, in Besançon (in the Doubs department). Hugo lived in France for most of his life. During the reign of Napoleon III he went into exile. In 1851, he lived in Belgium, in Brussels.He moved to Jersey in 1852. He stayed there until 1855 when he went to live in Guernsey until 1870. He lived there again in 1872-1873. From 1859, his exile was by choice.

Some great events marked Hugo's early childhood. A few years before his birth, the Bourbon Dynasty was overthrown during the French Revolution. The First Republic rose and fell and the First French Empire rose under the rule of Napoléon Bonaparte. Napoléon became Emperor two years after Hugo's birth. The Bourbon Monarchy was restored when Hugo was 17. His parents had different political and religious views. Hugo's father was an officer. He ranked very high in Napoléon's army. He was an atheist republican and considered Napoléon a hero. His mother was an extreme Catholic Royalist. As Hugo's father was an officer, the family moved frequently. Victor Hugo learned a lot from these travels. He stayed in Naples and Rome for six months, before going back to Paris. He was only five at the time, but he remembered the trip well.

His mother, Sophie, went to Italy with her husband who was a governor of a province near Naples. They also went to Spain where Joseph governed three Spanish provinces. Sophie separated temporarily from her husband in 1803, as it was a difficult life. She settled in Paris. This meant she dominated Hugo's education. Therefore, Hugo's early work, mainly in poetry, show him praising monarchism and faith. The 1848 Revolution made Hugo rebel against his Catholic Royalist education. After that revolution, he preferred republicanism and freethought.

When he was young, Victor Hugo fell in love. He became secretly engaged to his childhood friend Adèle Foucher (1803-1868), against his mother's wishes.

He married Adèle in 1822, after his mother's death in 1821. Their first child, Léopold (born in 1823), died in infancy. Hugo had four other children called Léopoldine (28 August 1824), Charles (4 November 1826), François-Victor (28 October 1828) and Adèle (24 August 1830). Hugo published his first novel in 1823 ("Han d'Islande"). His second came three years later ("Bug-Jargal", 1826). He published five more volumes of poetry ("Les Orientales", 1829; "Les Feuilles d'automne", 1831; "Les Chants du crépuscule", 1835; "Les Voix intérieures", 1837; and "Les Rayons et les ombres", 1840) between 1829 and 1840. This helped his reputation as one of the greatest elegiac and lyric poets of his time.
The death of his oldest and favourite daughter, Léopoldine, made Hugo very sad. She died at the age of 19, in 1843. This was only shortly after her marriage. She drowned in the Seine at Villequier. Her heavy skirts pulled her down, when a boat overturned. Her husband died as he tried to save her. At the time; Victor Hugo was travelling with his mistress in the south of France. He learned about Léopoldine's death from a newspaper when he was sitting in a café. He describes his shock and grief in his poem "À Villequier":

<poem>
"Hélas ! vers le passé tournant un oeil d'envie,"
"Sans que rien ici-bas puisse m'en consoler,"
"Je regarde toujours ce moment de ma vie"
"Où je l'ai vue ouvrir son aile et s'envoler !"

"Je verrai cet instant jusqu'à ce que je meure,"
"L'instant, pleurs superflus !"
"Où je criai : L'enfant que j'avais tout à l'heure,"
"Quoi donc ! je ne l'ai plus !"

Alas! turning an envious eye towards the past,
unconsolable by anything on earth,
I keep looking at that moment of my life
when I saw her open her wings and fly away!

I will see that instant until I die,
that instant—too much for tears!
when I cried out: "The child that I had just now--
what! I don't have her any more!"
</poem>

After this, he wrote many poems about his daughter's life and death. One of his most famous poem is probably "Demain, dès l'aube". In this poem, he describes visiting her grave.

François-René de Chateaubriand, the famous Romantic writer, influenced Hugo during the early 1800s. When Hugo was young, he said he would be "Chateaubriand ou rien" (“Chateaubriand or nothing”). Many things Chateaubriand did, Hugo copied. First, he defended the cause of Romanticism. Then, he became involved in politics and supported Republicanism. Finally, he was forced into exile because of his political views. Hugo's passion and eloquence in his early work made him successful and famous at an early age. His first collection of poetry ("Odes et poésies diverses") was published in 1822. At the time, Hugo was only twenty years old. It earned him a "royal pension" (money from the king) from Louis XVIII. His poems were admired but it was his next collection, four years later in 1826 ("Odes et Ballades") which revealed Hugo to be a great poet.

Victor Hugo's first mature work of fiction appeared in 1829. It reflected his interest for society which appeared more often in his later work. "Le Dernier jour d'un condamné" ("The Last Day of a Condemned Man") had a big influence on later writers such as Albert Camus, Charles Dickens, and Fyodor Dostoevsky. "Claude Gueux" appeared in 1834. It is a documentary short story about a real-life murderer who had been executed in France. Hugo himself considered it to be a precursor to his great work on social injustice, "Les Misérables". But Hugo’s first successful novel "Notre-Dame de Paris" ("The Hunchback of Notre Dame"), which was published in 1831. It was quickly translated into other languages across Europe. One of the effects of the novel was to make the inhabitants of Paris restore the neglected Cathedral of Notre Dame, which was attracting thousands of tourists who had read the popular novel. The book also inspired a renewed appreciation for pre-renaissance buildings, which began to be actively preserved.
Hugo began planning a major novel about social misery and injustice as early as the 1830s, but it would take a full 17 years for "Les Misérables", to be realized and finally published in 1862. The author was acutely aware of the quality of the novel and publication of the work went to the highest bidder. The Belgian publishing house Lacroix and Verboeckhoven undertook a marketing campaign unusual for the time, issuing press releases about the work a full six months before the launch. It also initially published only the first part of the novel (“Fantine”), which was launched simultaneously in major cities. Installments of the book sold out within hours, and had enormous impact on French society. The critical establishment was generally hostile to the novel; Taine found it insincere, Barbey d'Aurevilly complained of its vulgarity, Flaubert found within it "neither truth nor greatness," the Goncourts lambasted its artificiality, and Baudelaire - despite giving favorable reviews in newspapers - castigated it in private as "tasteless and inept." "Les Misérables" proved popular enough with the masses that the issues it highlighted were soon on the agenda of the French National Assembly. Today the novel remains his most enduringly popular work. It is popular worldwide, has been adapted for cinema, television and stage shows.

The shortest correspondence in history is between Hugo and his publisher Hurst & Blackett in 1862. It is said Hugo was on vacation when Les Misérables (which is over 1200 pages) was published. He telegraphed the single-character message '?' to his publisher, who replied with a single '!'.

Hugo turned away from social or political issues in his next novel, "Les Travailleurs de la Mer" ("Toilers of the Sea"), published in 1866. Still, the book was well received, perhaps due to the earlier success of "Les Misérables". Dedicated to the channel island of Guernsey, where he spent fifteen years of exile, Hugo’s story about Man’s battle with the sea and the creatures in its depths, started an unusual trend in Paris: squids. From squid dishes and exhibitions, to squid hats and parties, Parisians became fascinated by these unusual sea creatures.

Hugo returned to political and social issues in his next novel, "L'Homme Qui Rit" ("The Man Who Laughs"), which was published in 1869 and painted a critical picture of the aristocracy. However, the novel was not as successful as his previous efforts, and Hugo himself began to comment on the growing distance between himself and literary contemporaries such as Flaubert and Émile Zola, whose realist and naturalist novels were now exceeding the popularity of his own work. His last novel, "Quatre-vingt-treize" ("Ninety-Three"), published in 1874, was about a subject that Hugo had previously avoided: the Reign of Terror during the French Revolution.

After three unsuccessful attempts, Hugo was finally elected to the Académie française in 1841, confirming his position in the world of French arts and letters. A group of French scholars, particularly Etienne de Jouy, were fighting against the "romantic evolution" and had managed to delay Victor Hugo's election. After that he became increasingly involved in French politics. He was raised to the peerage by King Louis-Philippe in 1841 and entered the Higher Chamber as a "pair de France", where he spoke against the death penalty and social injustice, and in favour of freedom of the press and self-government for Poland. However, he was also becoming more supportive of the Republican form of government and, following the 1848 Revolution and the formation of the Second Republic, was elected to the Constitutional Assembly and the Legislative Assembly.
When Louis Napoleon (Napoleon III) grabbed complete power in 1851, establishing an anti-parliamentary constitution, Hugo openly declared him a traitor to France. He relocated to Brussels, then Jersey, and finally settled with his family on the channel island of Guernsey at Hauteville House, where he would live in exile until 1870.

While in exile, Hugo published his famous political pamphlets against Napoleon III, "Napoléon le Petit" and "Histoire d'un crime". The pamphlets were banned in France, but nonetheless had a strong impact there. He also composed or published some of his best work during his period in Guernsey, including "Les Misérables", and three widely praised collections of poetry ("Les Châtiments", 1853; "Les Contemplations", 1856; and "La Légende des siècles", 1859).

He convinced the government of Queen Victoria to spare the lives of six Irish people convicted of terrorist activities and his influence was credited in the removal of the death penalty from the constitutions of Geneva, Portugal and Colombia. He had also pleaded for Benito Juarez to spare the recently captured emperor Maximilian I of Mexico but to no avail.

Although Napoleon III granted an amnesty to all political exiles in 1859, Hugo declined, as it meant he would have to curtail his criticisms of the government. It was only after Napoleon III fell from power and the Third Republic was proclaimed that Hugo finally returned to his homeland in 1870, where he was promptly elected to the National Assembly and the Senate.

He was in Paris during the siege by the Prussian army in 1870, famously eating animals given to him by the Paris zoo. As the siege continued, and food became ever more scarce, he wrote in his diary that he was reduced to "eating the unknown".

Because of his concern for the rights of artists and copyright, he was a founding member of the Association Littéraire et Artistique Internationale, which led to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works.

Hugo's religious views changed radically over the course of his life. In his youth, he called himself as a Catholic and professed respect for Church hierarchy and authority. From there he became a non-practicing Catholic, and increasingly expressed anti-catholic views. He had a casual interest in Spiritualism during his exile (where he participated also in seances), and in later years settled into a Rationalist Deism similar to that espoused by Voltaire. A census-taker asked Hugo in 1872 if he was a Catholic, and he replied, "No. A Freethinker".

Hugo never lost his antipathy towards the Roman Catholic Church, due largely to what he saw as the Church's indifference to the plight of the working class under the oppression of the monarchy; and perhaps also due to the frequency with which Hugo's work appeared on the Pope's list of "proscribed books" (Hugo counted 740 attacks on "Les Misérables" in the Catholic press). On the deaths of his sons Charles and François-Victor, he insisted that they be buried without crucifix or priest, and in his will made the same stipulation about his own death and funeral. However, although Hugo believed Catholic dogma to be outdated and dying, he never directly attacked the institution itself.

Hugo's Rationalism can be found in poems such as "Torquemada" (1869, about religious fanaticism), "The Pope" (1878, anti-clerical), "Religions and Religion" (1880, denying the usefulness of churches) and, published posthumously, "The End of Satan" and "God" (1886 and 1891 respectively, in which he represents Christianity as a griffin and Rationalism as an angel).

Although Hugo's many talents did not include exceptional musical ability, he nevertheless had a great impact on the music world through the endless inspiration that his works provided for composers of the 19th and 20th century. Hugo himself particularly enjoyed the music of Gluck and Weber and greatly admired Beethoven, and rather unusually for his time, he also appreciated works by composers from earlier centuries such as Palestrina and Monteverdi. Two famous musicians of the 19th century were friends of Hugo: Berlioz and Liszt. The latter played Beethoven in Hugo’s home, and Hugo joked in a letter to a friend that thanks to Liszt’s piano lessons, he learned how to play a favourite song on the piano – even though only with one finger! Hugo also worked with composer Louise Bertin, writing the libretto for her 1836 opera "La Esmeralda" which was based on the character in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame". Although for various reasons the opera closed soon after its fifth performance and is little known today, it has been recently enjoying a revival, both in a piano/song concert version by Liszt at the Festival international Victor Hugo et Égaux 2007 and in a full orchestral version to be presented in July 2008 at Le Festival de Radio France et Montpellier Languedoc-Roussillon.

Well over one thousand musical compositions have been inspired by Hugo’s works from the 1800s until the present day. In particular, Hugo’s plays, in which he rejected the rules of classical theatre in favour of romantic drama, attracted the interest of many composers who adapted them into operas. More than one hundred operas are based on Hugo’s works and among them are Donizetti’s "Lucrezia Borgia" (1833), Verdi’s "Rigoletto" (1851) and Ernani (1844), and Ponchielli’s "La Gioconda" (1876). Hugo’s novels as well as his plays have been a great source of inspiration for musicians, stirring them to create not only opera and ballet but musical theatre such as Notre-Dame de Paris and the ever-popular Les Misérables, London West End’s longest running musical. Additionally, Hugo’s beautiful poems have attracted an exceptional amount of interest from musicians, and numerous melodies have been based on his poetry by composers such as Berlioz, Bizet, Fauré, Franck, Lalo, Liszt, Massenet, Saint-Saëns, Rachmaninov and Wagner.

Today, Hugo’s work continues to stimulate musicians to create new compositions. For example, Hugo’s novel against capital punishment, The Last Day of a Condemned Man, has recently been adapted into an opera by David Alagna (libretto by Frédérico Alagna). Their brother, tenor Roberto Alagna, performed in the opera’s premiere in Paris in the summer of 2007 and again in February 2008 in Valencia with Erwin Schrott as part of the Festival international Victor Hugo et Égaux 2008. In Guernsey, every two years the Victor Hugo International Music Festival attracts a wide range of musicians and the premiere of songs specially commissioned from Guillaume Connesson and based on Hugo’s poetry.

When Hugo returned to Paris in 1870, the country hailed him as a national hero. Despite his popularity Hugo lost his bid for reelection to the National Assembly in 1872. Within a brief period, he suffered a mild stroke, his daughter Adèle’s internment in an insane asylum, and the death of his two sons. (Adèle's biography inspired the movie "The Story of Adele H.") His wife Adèle had died in 1868. His faithful mistress, Juliette Drouet, died in 1883, only two years before his own death. Despite his personal loss, Hugo remained committed to the cause of political change. On 30 January 1876 Hugo was elected to the newly created Senate. The last phase of his political career is considered a failure. Hugo took on the role of a maverick and got little done in the Senate.

In February 1881 Hugo celebrated his 79th birthday. To honor the fact that he was entering his eightieth year, one of the greatest tributes to a living writer was held. The celebrations began on the 25th when Hugo was presented with a Sèvres vase, the traditional gift for sovereigns. On the 27th one of the largest parades in French history was held. Marchers stretched from Avenue d'Eylau, down the Champs-Élysées, and all the way to the center of Paris. The paraders marched for six hours to pass Hugo as he sat in the window at his house. Every inch and detail of the event was for Hugo; the official guides even wore cornflowers as an allusion to Cosette's song in "Les Misérables."

Hugo died on 22 May 1885 in Paris, France from an infection, aged 83. His death generated intense national mourning. He was not only revered as a towering figure in literature, he was a statesman who shaped the Third Republic and democracy in France. More than two million people joined his funeral procession in Paris from the Arc de Triomphe to the Panthéon, where he was buried. He shares a crypt within the Panthéon with Alexandre Dumas, père and Émile Zola. Most large French towns and cities have a street named for him. The avenue where he died, in Paris, now bears his name.

Many are not aware that Hugo was almost as prolific in the visual arts as he was in literature, producing more than 4,000 drawings in his lifetime. Originally pursued as a casual hobby, drawing became more important to Hugo shortly before his exile, when he made the decision to stop writing in order to devote himself to politics. Drawing became his exclusive creative outlet during the period 1848-1851.

Hugo worked only on paper, and on a small scale; usually in dark brown or black pen-and-ink wash, sometimes with touches of white, and rarely with color. The surviving drawings are surprisingly accomplished and "modern" in their style and execution, foreshadowing the experimental techniques of Surrealism and Abstract Expressionism.

He would not hesitate to use his children's stencils, ink blots, puddles and stains, lace impressions, "pliage" or folding (i.e. Rorschach blots), "grattage" or rubbing, often using the charcoal from match sticks or his fingers instead of pen or brush. Sometimes he would even toss in coffee or soot to get the effects he wanted. It is reported that Hugo often drew with his left hand or without looking at the page, or during Spiritualist séances, in order to access his unconscious mind, a concept only later popularized by Sigmund Freud.

Hugo kept his artwork out of the public eye, fearing it would overshadow his literary work. However, he enjoyed sharing his drawings with his family and friends, often in the form of ornately handmade calling cards, many of which were given as gifts to visitors when he was in political exile. Some of his work was shown to, and appreciated by, contemporary artists such as Van Gogh and Delacroix; the latter expressed the opinion that if Hugo had decided to become a painter instead of a writer, he would have outshone the artists of their century.

Gallery:

The people of Guernsey built a statue in Candie Gardens (St. Peter Port) to commemorate his stay in the islands. The City of Paris has preserved his residences Hauteville House, Guernsey and 6, Place des Vosges as museums. The house where he stayed in Vianden, Luxembourg, in 1871 has also become a museum.

Hugo is venerated as a saint in the Vietnamese religion of Cao Dai.

The Avenue Victor-Hugo in the XVIème arrondissement of Paris bears Hugo's name, and links the Place de l'Étoile to the vicinity of the Bois de Boulogne by way of the Place Victor-Hugo. This square is served by a Paris Métro stop also named in his honor. A number of streets and avenues throughout France are likewise named after him. The school Lycée Victor Hugo was founded in his town of birth, Besançon in France. Avenue Victor-Hugo, in Shawinigan, Quebec, Canada, was named to honor him.

In the city of Avellino, Italy, Victor Hugo briefly stayed in what is now known as Il Palazzo Culturale, when reuniting with his father, Leopold Sigisbert Hugo, in 1808. Victor would later write about his brief stay here quoting "C’était un palais de marbre...". In the city of Edinburgh, Scotland there is a delicatessen named Victor Hugo Delicatessen, it was originally run by a French couple but was purchased in 2005. The shop is on Melville Terrace, over looking the meadows and next to University of Edinburgh halls of residence, Sciennes.


Poems of Victor Hugo






FIFA World Cup

The FIFA World Cup is the most watched tournament in football (soccer). The Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) organises the World Cup every four years. More people watch the World Cup finals than any other sporting event in the world—even more people than the Olympic Games. The most successful team has been Brazil because they have won the competition 5 times. 

The "finals tournament" is held every four years. In the other years there are only qualifiers (qualifying tournaments) in the six FIFA world regions. These games help to decide which teams will move on. Over 160 national teams play in the qualifying games. The best teams from the qualifying games win a place in the finals. The finals now include 32 teams. Before 1998, only 24 teams were in the finals; starting in 2026, there will be 48 teams in the finals. Many years before each World Cup, FIFA picks the host nation, the country where the finals will be held. Being the host nation means that their team has qualified for the finals tournament automatically and does not need to play any qualifying games. The 32 teams in the finals then play for four weeks, usually between June and July, to decide who the champion (tournament winner) will be.


Jakarta

Jakarta, officially the Special Capital Region of Jakarta (), is the largest and the capital city of Indonesia. It is on the northwest coast of the island of Java, it has an area of 661.52 km² and a population of 10,562,088 as of 2020. Jakarta has been established for more than 490 years. It is the ninth most dense city in the world with 15,900 people per km².

Jakarta's first name was Sunda Kelapa. Before the Dutch came, it was renamed to Jayakarta, starting in 1527. In 1619 the Dutch renamed the city Batavia. It was called Jakarta by the Japanese during World War 2.

Jakarta has a tropical monsoon climate (Am in the Köppen climate classification).

Jakarta's challenges include rapid urban growth and flooding. Additionally, Jakarta is sinking up to 17 cm (6.7 inches) per year. It is also one of the fastest-sinking capitals in the world. In 2019, President Joko Widodo said that the capital would be moved to East Kalimantan, an Indonesian province on the island of Borneo. On 18 January 2022, the Parliament of Indonesia approved a bill to change the country's capital from Jakarta to Nusantara.


Comedy Central

Comedy Central is an American cable channel that specializes in comedy and stand-up. Programs include TV shows, movies, and stand-up comedy. It was launched on June 1, 1991. Its headquarters are in New York City, New York. It is a merger between MTV Networks' HA! and HBO's Comedy Channel.

The station's programs include "South Park", The Colbert Report, "The Daily Show" with Trevor Noah, "Tosh.0" with Daniel Tosh, and "Futurama."

Comedy Central also features a "Secret Stash" program. Airing on late Saturday night, Secret Stash would show generally R-rated movies and stand-up comedy. The program is mostly unedited, uncut, leaving language in that is normally cut out. Sometimes nudity is shown.


 Was Paramount +
Apron

An apron is a protective piece of clothing made from fabric (or other materials) that covers the front of the body. Some workers wear aprons for hygienic reasons (for example restaurant workers). Other workers wear aprons to protect clothes, or to protect their bodies from injury.

The apron is commonly part of the uniform of several jobs, including waitresses, nurses, homemakers, domestic workers and other jobs. It is also worn as decoration by women. 

There are many different types of aprons depending on what the apron is used for. Aprons can be made from many materials and fabrics. Rubber aprons are used by people who work with dangerous chemicals. Lead aprons are worn by people who work around radiation (like X-rays). Butchers (people who cut meat) wear chain aprons, to protect them from being cut by knives. Carpenters wear aprons made of heavy leather that have many pockets to hold tools. Many servants and domestic workers are required to wear an apron as a part of their work uniform. 

Pearl Jam

Pearl Jam is an American alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington. They formed in 1990. They were an important part of the grunge (or "Seattle sound") movement of the early 1990s, along with bands like Nirvana, Soundgarden, Stone Temple Pilots, and Alice in Chains. Pearl Jam has sold around 85 million records worldwide in 2018 and are usually named one of the greatest bands of the 90's.

After fellow Seattle band Mother Love Bone's lead singer, Andrew Wood, died in 1990, remaining members Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament went to look for a singer and a drummer for a new band. They came across Jack Irons which he soon passed on to Eddie Vedder, who worked at a gas station in California and occasionally surfed. He then recorded vocals for the songs "Alive", "Once", and "Footsteps". After he sent the demo to the members, Eddie flew to Seattle and joined the band.

The band is made up of lead singer Eddie Vedder, guitarists Mike McCready and Stone Gossard, bassist Jeff Ament, and drummer Matt Cameron. Along with keyboardist Boom Gaspar and guitarist Josh Klinghoffer as touring members. The band had five drummers, which were Dave Krusen, Matt Chamberlain, Dave Abbruzzese, and Jack Irons. Matt Cameron has been Pearl Jam's drummer since 1998.




Social Distortion

Social Distortion is a punk/alternative musical group. It was startd in Los Angeles, California in 1978 by singer/guitarist Mike Ness. Ness is the leader and only permanent member.

Social Distortion has released seven studio albums. Their two first albums were not very successful. When they signed to Epic Records in 1989, their third album became a mainstream success. It had the singles "Let It Be Me", "Ball and Chain", "Ring of Fire", "Sick Boys" and "Story of My Life". These were all on the United States charts. It was the band's first album to appear on the top 200 on the "Billboard" music chart in the United States. Their next album, 1992's "Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell", was also successful. It had the band's biggest hit, "Bad Luck". That song peaked at number 2 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, the highest initial charting single for the group. "White Light, White Heat, White Trash" was released four years later. That was their fifth and last major label album. It peaked at #27 on the "Billboard" 200, the band's highest chart position yet. It had their only "Billboard" Hot 100 single "I Was Wrong".

After the release of "White Light, White Heat, White Trash", Social Distortion went on an extended hiatus. During that time, Ness went solo. On February 29, 2000, their longtime guitarist Dennis Danell died from a brain anyuerism at the age of 38. After his death, Social Distortion considered disbanding. They decided to continue with a new guitarist, Jonny "2 Bags" Wickersham. He stayed with the band permanently. From 2001 to 2004, the band had been touring semi-frequently, playing sold-out shows in the Los Angeles, California area and other cities. They released their sixth album in the fall of 2004. The resulting album, "Sex, Love and Rock 'n' Roll", was another success. It was their second album to peak in the top 40 of the "Billboard" 200, at number 31. Its lead single, "Reach for the Sky", became one of Social Distortion's biggest hits in the fall of 2004.

As of 2009, Social Distortion was still together. They released a new album, "Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes", in January 2011. It peaked at #4 on the U.S. Billboard.



Their full-length albums include:

They have also released two compilation albums:


Andy Gibb

Andrew Roy Gibb (5 March 1958 – 10 March 1988) was an English singer popular in the 1970s. He was the younger brother of Barry (born 1946), Maurice (1949–2003) and Robin Gibb (1949–2012), The Bee Gees. He was born in Manchester, but spent most of his childhood in Queensland. He died in Oxford of myocarditis (a heart problem) caused by an infection, shortly after his 30th birthday. While his years of alcohol and cocaine abuse were not the direct cause of death, they certainly did not help his condition.

INXS

INXS were an Australian rock band. The band became popular during the 1980s. They formed in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia in 1977. They did not get international attention until around 1982 when their third album came out.

INXS was originally called "The Farriss Brothers and it started with 3 members: Andrew, Tim, and Jon Farriss. They were all brothers. In 1978, 3 more people joined the band; Michael Hutchence (1960-1997), Garry Gary Beers, and Kirk Pengilly. After the band expanded their line-up, they changed their name to INXS, which is pronounced as "in excess".

Hutchence was the singer of INXS until he died. A man named Jon Stevens was his temporary replacement for about 5 years. After Jon Stevens left, the other 5 members did a television show called "Rock Star INXS" to choose a permanent replacement for Michael Hutchence. A Canadian man named J.D, Fortune won the show and became the new singer for INXS.

The most famous song by INXS is "Need You Tonight" which came out in 1987. Some of their other songs are "What You Need", "The One Thing", and "New Sensation".

These are the albums made by INXS:



Chicago (band)

Chicago is an American soft rock / jazz group, from Chicago, Illinois. They formed on February 15, 1967. They are one of the best selling American groups of all time, second only to the Beach Boys. Chicago has released at least 30 albums in their career.


The Turtles

The Turtles were a 1960s pop group from Los Angeles, California. Their best known song is "Happy Together". Chip Douglas was a band member, who left to produce the Monkees, then returned as the Turtles producer. After the Turtles broke up in the 1970s, the group's two frontmen, Howard Kaylan and Mark Volman, sang with Frank Zappa as Flo and Eddie. 

The Turtles are known for their songs Happy Together and She'd Rather Be With Me. 

They were originally active from the years 1965 to 1970, and split up for thirteen years before Kaylan and Volman made the band again in 1983.


Strawberry Alarm Clock

Strawberry Alarm Clock was an American psychedelic pop band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1966. Their most famous song is "Incense and Peppermints".

Psychedelic pop

Psychedelic pop is a musical movement which started in California in the 1960s. Psychedelic rock, also called psychedelia, is a style of rock music that materialized in the late 1960s that was influenced by the experience of taking hallucinogenic drugs such as LSD. Psychedelic rock incorporated elements of blues and folk rock and eventually contributed to the evolution of hard rock and progressive rock.

It was partly inspired by Garage rock, British pop, bubblegum music and new hippie and Eastern ideas. 

Some important Psychedelic Pop artists are:

Donovan

Donovan Phillips Leitch (born 10 May 1946 in Maryhill, Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish-born pop singer and guitarist, who was popular in the 1960s. Early in his career he was compared to Bob Dylan, but he developed his own musical style, which included elements of jazz and Indian music. (Donovan and Dylan met during 1965, and became friends.)

Donovan's best-remembered songs include "Catch The Wind", "Mellow Yellow", "Sunshine Superman", "Happiness Runs", and "Hurdy Gurdy Man". He helped the Beatles with their song "Yellow Submarine", and two Beatles (John Lennon and Paul McCartney) sang on his song "Atlantis".

Donovan was one of the first pop musicians to denounce the use of drugs, after his own arrest for hashish possession in 1966, and his seeing friends begin to use "hard drugs" like heroin and speed (amphetamine). The liner notes to his 1967 album "A Gift From a Flower to a Garden" called upon young people to "stop the use of "all" drugs, and heed the quest to seek the Sun." (He later resumed occasional marijuana use, and drinking alcohol.)

After the 1960s, Donovan's music was not as popular as it had been, but it is remembered now as part of the flower power era. Many of his songs now appear in television commercials. He continued to make albums regularly through the 1980s, and sometimes in the 1990s. He also continued to tour, and some of his later albums are of live performances. He published an autobiography, "The Hurdy Gurdy Man", in 2005.

Two of Donovan's children, Donovan Leitch and Ione Skye, are actors.


Frisian languages

Frisian refers to three languages that come from Friesland, a province in the Netherlands. They are spoken in the Netherlands, in Eastern Germany, and in some areas of Jutland, Denmark. It is also spoken on the Frisian Isles (Wadden Isles) and Western German (East Frisian) Isles such as Borkum.

They are West Germanic languages that are related to Dutch and are also the closest living languages to English. All of them have been spoken since Roman times.

The Frisian languages are:

Smashing Pumpkins

The Smashing Pumpkins are an influential alternative rock band of the early 1990s. They formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1988 and disbanded on December 2, 2000. They later reformed in 2006 and are together at the moment. The members until 2000 were Billy Corgan (vocals, guitars and writes almost all of the band's songs), James Iha (guitars), D'Arcy Wretzky (bass) and Jimmy Chamberlin (drums).

They were made famous by hit singles like "Today", "Rocket", "Disarm", "Bullet With Butterfly Wings", "1979", "Zero" and "Tonight, Tonight".

Their style was mainly alternative rock, but also influenced by the grunge movement of the early 1990s as well as heavy metal, psychedelic rock, progressive rock, and later, electronica.


Tool (band)

Tool is an American rock band. It was formed in 1990 in Los Angeles, California. The band has won Grammy Awards for Best Metal Performance in 1997 for the song "Ænema" and in 2001 for the song "Schism". Tool has four members: singer Maynard James Keenan, guitarist Adam Jones, drummer Danny Carey, and bassist Justin Chancellor.

Tool has put out five studio albums. Their first release was "Opiate", an extended play. It had only seven songs on it. Tool's first album, "Undertow", was heavy metal. In 1996, they made "Ænima. Rolling Stone" said it was one of the 100 best metal albums of all time. The band took a break before and after releasing their third album, "Lateralus". This was because singer Maynard James Keenan was working with his other band, A Perfect Circle. The band released their fourth album, "10,000 Days", on May 2, 2006, and their fifth album ("Fear Inoculum)" on August 30, 2019.

In 1989, James Maynard Keenan and guitarist Adam Jones met each other in Los Angeles. Keenan let Jones listen to music he had made with another band. Jones thought the music was good, and told Keenan they should make their own band. They started playing music together, while looking for other people to play the bass guitar and drums. Tom Morello introduced them to drummer Danny Carey, who lived in the building where they practiced. Carey joined the band because other drummers the band wanted to play with did not show up. Bassist Paul D'Amour was the last to join the band. After D'Amour and Carey joined, they named the band Tool.

Tool made its first extended play in 1992. It was called "Opiate". To help sell copies of the EP, they went on tour. They went around the U.S. playing in concerts with two other bands named Fishbone and Rage Against the Machine. They also played in concerts with White Zombie and Corrosion of Conformity. In 1993, the band was playing at the Church of Scientology's Celebrity Centre in Los Angeles. Keenan (who would later write the lyrics "Fuck L. Ron Hubbard and fuck all his clones"), baa-ed like a sheep for most of the show.

The EP did not sell many copies at first. After Tool got more popular, more people bought "Opiate". It took 13 years for the album to be certified platinum by the RIAA (an award for selling one million copies).

Tool's first studio album came out in 1993. It was called "Undertow". In 1994, the band released a single from the album named "Prison Sex". With it was a music video that was created and directed by Jones. The video was deemed "too graphic and offensive", and was only played on MTV a few times because the video dealt with child abuse.

The album reached #50 on the "Billboard" 200 and #1 on the Top Heatseekers. It was certified gold by the RIAA after only eight months, and platinum less than a year later.

In October 1996, the band released their second studio album, called "Ænima". Tool began a long legal fight with their label Volcano Records (formerly Zoo Records) over problems with their contract. They ended up with a new contract that said they would make three more albums. The members of Tool decided to take some time away after that.

The album was certified gold in 10 weeks and achieved double platinum, which means it sold two million copies, in 10 months. In 1998, "Ænema" won the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance.

Fear Inoculum

On January 26, 2020, Tool won Best Metal Performance at the 62nd Grammy Awards for "7empest". Band members Justin Chancellor and Danny Carey went to the awards show to accept the award.

Singer Maynard James Keenan has a unique, melodic style of singing. This style is thought to have influenced many other bands. While guitarist Adam Jones's style of playing is very simple, he is known for his use of different techniques of playing together, and trying new things with his instrument. Danny Carey has a very technical, advanced style of drumming. He is known for using odd time signatures, among other things. Justin Chancellor has an aggressive style of picking and fingering, using many guitar techniques which include using a pick, chords, harmonics, effects, and hammer ons and pull offs.




Death (band)

Death was one of the first ever death metal bands in the United States. They started in 1983 under the name Mantas and they changed the name to "Death" in 1984.

Death is no longer a band because their guitarist Chuck Schuldiner died on December 13, 2001. He was 34 years old. He had brain cancer and the drugs he used to beat the cancer made him weak. He died of pneumonia. He had another band project called Control Denied during the 3 years before he died.


Mötley Crüe

Mötley Crüe is an American. Heavy metal band formed in 1981 in Los Angeles, California. Nikki Sixx and Tommy Lee founded the band with ex-Quiet Riot guitarist Greg Leon. Vince Neil and Mick Mars later replaced him on lead vocals and guitar respectively. They were one of the big glam metal bands of the 1980s. What was planned to be their final show took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on December 31, 2015.

Mötley Crüe was formed at the start of 1981 by bassist Nikki Sixx and drummer Tommy Lee. At first the band consisted of vocalist-guitarist Greg Leon, bassist Nikki Sixx, and drummer Tommy Lee. After auditions they found singer Vince Neil at a party and guitar player Mick Mars through an ad in a paper. They released their first album, "Too Fast For Love," in 1981. The band later got signed to a major label. The band built success over the next few years with their next three albums, "Shout at the Devil", "Theatre of Pain" and "Girls, Girls, Girls", which had hit songs like "Shout at the Devil" "Home Sweet Home" and "Girls, Girls, Girls". However, the band created some negative attention because of their use of illegal drugs, large amounts of sex with women, and how they looked, including wearing make-up and several tattoos. Nikki Sixx took an overdose of heroin in 1987 and was legally dead for two minutes before getting an adrenaline shot, making him conscious again. The band stopped using drugs and drinking shortly after and released their most popular album, "Dr. Feelgood," in 1989.

They released a greatest hits album in 1991 so fans had something to listen to before they brought out a sixth album. However, the band started arguing. Vince Neil left the band in 1992 because of this. So, the band found a new singer named John Corabi, who also played guitar and wrote lyrics with the band. They released their self-titled album in 1994. It created a mixed response from fans who preferred Vince Neil as the band's singer, and did not like the music itself, which sounded less like glam rock and more like hard rock. John Corabi left in 1996 and Vince Neil came back. The band released "Generation Swine" in 1997, but the album created a mixed response due to the musical experiments on the album.

Tommy Lee was unhappy with Vince Neil back in the band and further arguments between band members caused Lee to leave the band, being replaced by Randy Castillo. The band released their least successful album, "New Tattoo", in 2000. It sounded more like the band's 80s albums rather than the more experimental albums they released in the 90s. After the album, Randy Castillo became ill and Samantha Maloney had to drum during some of the band's concerts. Randy Castillo died in 2002, and the band did not do much for the next two years.

Mötley Crüe made a comeback with Tommy Lee in 2004, and were once again successful, touring worldwide and releasing another greatest hits album called "Red, White and Crüe". They released another album of new songs in 2008 called "Saints of Los Angeles". They disbanded after their last concert on December 31, 2015. They got back together in 2018.


Radio control

Radio control is controlling vehicles by radio wave signals. It is often used for making models of cars, boats, helicopters and airplanes move on their own like real ones. For controlling models, an operator uses a transmitter that has the model's controls on it. When a control is moved, the radio signal changes. The part on the model that takes the changing signals and helps turn them into movement is called the receiver. The receiver then tells a special kind of motor called a servo to move part of the model.

On a car or boat, a servo is usually used for steering. Model sailboats use a servo to adjust the sail as well as the rudder, or steering device. On airplanes and helicopters, servos are used not only for steering but for up and down pitch. If the model uses an engine to make it run, a servo is used to control the speed of the engine. A model which operates with an electric motor usually has something called an electronic speed control or "ESC" to control its speed. 

Unmanned aerial vehicles controlled by radio are used for many purposes, including war. 

Tucumán Province

Tucumán is the smallest of the provinces of Argentina. It is in the northwest of the country and its capital is San Miguel de Tucumán, often shortened to Tucumán.

The province has the nickname El Jardín de la República ("The Garden of the Republic"), as it is a highly productive agricultural area.

The province of Tucumán has an area of and is surrounded by the provinces:

Tucumán has two main different geographical regions. The east is associated with the Gran Chaco flat lands, while the west presents a mixture of the Sierras of the Pampas to the south and the canyons of the Argentine Northwest to the north.

The highest peak in the province is the "Cerro del Bolsón" near the border with the Catamarca province. It has an elevation of .

The main river of the province is the Dulce that flows through the province where is known as the "Salí" river.

San Miguel de Tucumán, with an elevation of , has a humid subtropical climate (subtype Cfa in the Köppen climate classification).

The average temperature for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The inhabitants of Tucumán are known, in Spanish, as "Tucumanos" (women: "Tucumanas").

The province of Tucumán has a population, in 2010, of 1,448,188; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Tucumán

There are four universities in Tucumán:

The province is divided into 17 departments ().


Duran Duran

Duran Duran are a British pop group. They formed in Birmingham, England in 1978 and were very popular in the 1980s.


Peter Tosh

Peter Tosh (born Winston McIntosh, October 19, 1944- September 11, 1987) was a Jamaican reggae musican. He was a member of the Wailers with Bob Marley and Bunny Livingston. He was a Rastafarian and sang very political songs. His songs were a lot more radical than his friend, Bob Marley's, whom he often criticized for selling out to the white mainstream. He also toured with the Rolling Stones and sang a duet with Mick Jagger. He was murdered in his home in Kingston during a robbery in 1987. His biggest claim to fame was a song titled "Legalize It" in relation to marijuana laws.



These are the highest rated compilation albums on Allmusic.



Billy Joel

William Martin "Billy" Joel (born May 9, 1949) is an American singer-songwriter. He produced successful pop songs for two decades, from 1973's "Piano Man" to 1993's "River of Dreams" which marked his retirement. As well as writing classical music, he has frequently been on the road, usually with Elton John.

Joel was born in the Bronx, New York City. He grew up in Hicksville, New York. He joined his first band The Echoes (Later known as The Lost Souls) at age fourteen, and in the late 1960s he teamed up with The Hassles. The Hassles when on to release two albums. In 1970 After parting ways with The Hassles Joel and Hassles Drummer Jon Small Formed a two-man duo Attila. In 1971 his solo debut, "Cold Spring Harbor", was released. (The title takes its name from a town in Long Island.)

He is a Democrat. In 1988, Joel played a New York City dog named Dodger in the Disney animated movie, "Oliver & Company".

Joel has been married four times. The first three ended in divorce. His first marriage was from 1973 to 1982. His second marriage, from 1985 to 1994, was to supermodel Christie Brinkley. Their daughter, Alexa Ray Joel (born 1985) is one of his two children. His daughter's middle name is taken from one of his musical influences, Ray Charles. His third marriage began in 2004. His fourth marriage with Alexis Roderick began in 2015. They had one child; Della Rose Joel, who was born on the 12th of August 2015. Baby Remy was born 2017.



Lake Constance

Lake Constace or Lake of Constance (German: "Bodensee") is a large Lake on the river Rhine. It is on the border between Germany and Switzerland and Austria. It is the third largest lake in Central Europe after Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva. It is made of two smaller lakes (called "Obersee" and "Untersee" (Upper and lower lake) respectively). These are joined by a small part of river in Constance.
The lake covers about of total area. 

There are three big islands in the lake. The islands Lindau and Mainau are in the "Obersee". Reichenau is in the "Untersee". The Obersee is about long, from Bregenz to Bodman-Ludwigshafen. It is about wide at its widest point between Romanshorn and Friedrichshafen. The deepest point is deep, between Fischbach and Uttwil (just off Constance). 

The lake forms the border between Austria, Germany and Switzerland. On much of its length, this border has not been defined. Switzerland thinks the border runs through the middle of the lake. Austria thinks the lake is a condominium of all the countries. A condominium is a space that is governed by all countries taking part in it. Germany has no clear view.

Other legal issues, like navigation and fishing are governed by separate treaties. About 62% of the lake's shoreline belongs to Germany, about 33% to Switzerland, and the remaining 11% to Austria.

In 1963, the whole lake froze. This has not happened since then.




Samurai

The samurai (or bushi) were Japanese warriors who were members of the important military class before Japanese society changed in 1868. The samurai were also considered to be a type of hereditary nobility.
The word "samurai" comes from the Japanese verb "saburau", which means "to serve and look up to someone."

In the 12th century, two military clans, the Minamoto and the Taira, were very powerful. They controlled Japan and fought wars against each other. In 1192, Minamoto no Yoritomo became the first shogun. He became the ruler of all of Japan and started a new government in Kamakura. The Kamakura government lasted from 1185 to 1333. It made the samurai the ruling class of Japanese society.

The samurai fought many wars in the Warring States period (1467-1573). There were many independent areas in Japan that fought one another all the time and so Japan needed many samurai. Many of the famous samurai movies by Akira Kurosawa were about this time. 

Toyotomi Hideyoshi won many wars against other clans. He made Japan one country and developed a social caste system. It was completed by Tokugawa Ieyasu and the rulers after him. Between the wars, many samurai had always worked on farms. Hideyoshi said that all samurai must either live on farms or live in castle towns with other warriors. He also made a law that only samurai could have swords.

The samurai became very powerful and important near the end of the Edo period (1603-1867) and during the Shinto period. In the Edo period, they were the most important social caste. All samurai had to live in castle towns. Some of them had lords who paid them with rice, but others did not have lords and were called "rōnin". The "rōnin" caused problems for Japan in the early Edo period.

In 1615, the Tokugawa an won a very important battle when he took Osaka Castle. It has no rivals and so Japan became very peaceful for about 250 years. Military skills became less important, and most samurai became bureaucrats, teachers or artists.

In 1868, feudalism ended in Japan, which ended the samurai class.

Weapons used by the samurai included:

A samurai believed that his swords held his soul and so his sword was the most important thing that he had.

Samurai were allowed to fight anyone who did not show them proper respect. Every sword had to be tested for sharpness. To do so, the owner of the sword could execute a criminal.

Samurai led their lives according to the ethical code of "bushido" ("the way of the warrior"). That meant loyalty to one's master, self-discipline, respect, and ethical behavior. When a samurai lost his master, also called "daimyo", he became a "rōnin". 

If a samurai was defeated or dishonored himself by not following the code of "bushido", he had to commit "seppuku" (ritual suicide). Part of the "seppuku" ritual was cutting his stomach or abdomen. That part of the ritual is called "hara-kiri". For a samurai, death was better than having no honor or being captured by the enemy. Another reason for committing "Seppuku" was the death of the daimyo. With that ritual, a samurai showed how loyal he was to his dead master. There were periods in which "seppuku" was forbidden, but some samurai still committed it.

The bushi's training methods, like meditation, judo and kendo, are still followed today. There is no longer a samurai class in modern Japan, but their families' successors are still well-respected.

Samurai women were trained to defend themselves and their children. They usually did so when their warrior husbands were busy in battles. Sumurai women were therefore trained to handle polearms (naginata) and short daggers (tanto). During the Edo period, Japanese women were trained to handle naginata by the age of 18. The short kaiken knife was used by young women to defend their virtue or, if they lost it, to take their own life.

During the Edo period, women's education became very important. Girls were taught from a young age to write, read, dance, etc. The main criteria for marriage changed, but among the most important were physical attractiveness and education. Special books were written for women. They taught mainly how to take care of house and children. By the end of the Edo period, women attended philosophical and literary classes.

The term "samurai" refers to males specifically, but here were a few women who were samurai. One of the most famous was Itagaki, who lived during the end of the Heian period. She owned her own army of about 3,000 warriors. In 1199, Itagaki fought against 10,000 Heike soldiers. She was famous for being very good at handling the naginata sword. 

Hino Tomiko ruled in place of her husband, Ashikaga Yoshimasa (8th shogun).

Toyotomi Hideyoshi's mistress became the master of Osaka Castle after his death.

Yamauchi Kazutoyo's wife, Chiyo, was one of the most loyal wives known in Japanese history. She supported her husband during hard times and saved to buy a horse for him. Yamauchi Kazutoyo never took a mistress, though it was a known tradition for a samurai. He never left Chiyo even though she had only one child.



The Republic

The Republic is a book by Plato. It was finished in 375 BC. 
It asks the question 'why should people do good things?' and also the question 'are people punished for doing bad things?'. 
Plato said that people should not do bad things because people who do bad things end up unhappy.
However, people who do good things end up happy.

He also said that if people who do bad things get power in a society then that society will become an unhappy one.
Plato believed that philosophers are best able to do good things and so they should be given power in a society. 
He thought that non-philosophers should allow themselves to be ruled by philosophers and that if they do this then they will be happy, because the rule of peoples (democracy) often fall because of unreasonable confusion.
However, in order not to be tempted to do bad things, the philosophers who have power must not be able to have things or feel love.

Plato also talked about many other things while discussing these questions including metaphysics, psychology, religion and most branches of philosophy.
He introduced the philosophy called Platonism.

Plato thought that people and societies are very much alike.

Plato thought that people are made of three things:
He said that a good person will listen to all these things, but will let the mind control the other two.

Somebody who does not listen to all three parts, or who does not let the mind control the other two will be unhappy.
They might go mad because they do not let the mind control them.
Or they might do things that they later regret.
They will also be disliked by other people and will suffer because of that.
He said that they will be like a country in anarchy.

Plato also thought society should be made up of three things (types of people)
He said that society needs all three things (types of people) but that only the philosophers will be good people.
The others will be dominated by their souls or bodies, not their minds.
The soldiers will not even listen to their minds, and the workers will not listen to their minds or their souls.
This is why the philosophers should rule and the other types of people should be soldiers and workers.

Aesthetics

Aesthetics is a branch of philosophy. It is the study of art and beauty. Together with ethics, it is part of axiology which is the philosophy of what people like. Aesthetic philosophers ask what people like to see, hear, feel, smell or taste, and why they like these things. Aesthetic philosophers also ask if art has any value. For example, they may ask if some art that nobody likes and that nobody wants is art at all or if it is something else. Plato, Aristotle, and Immanuel Kant are some important philosophers of aesthetics.

One theory in aesthetics is called subjectivism. Subjectivism says that each person has a sense of beauty. So, the only way of judging something's beauty is if people say it is beautiful. A common way of describing this is ""Beauty is in the eye of the beholder"". Subjectivism also says, for the same reason, that something is art simply because someone says it is art. This is backed up by the experience. Even though people feel that something is beautiful, they may not be able to explain why.

Many objectivist theories of beauty have been offered, going from the ancient ideas of Plato and Aristotle (e.g., the golden mean,) which still have great appeal in their way to neuroscience research into the brain's response to images and other sensitive information. At the moment, even though we do not know what people are thinking, brain-scan technology can identify when people are responding pleasurably to images, providing some clue as to how certain images affect some people.




Wes Craven

Wesley Earl "Wes" Craven (August 2, 1939 – August 30, 2015) was an American movie director, producer and writer. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He is well known for horror movie classics including "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and "Scream".

On August 30, 2015, Wes Craven died of brain cancer at his home in Los Angeles. He was 76 years old.



Earth, Wind &amp; Fire

Earth, Wind & Fire are an American funk group. They formed in Chicago in 1969 and were very popular in the 1970s. 


Fifth Dimension

Fifth Dimension was a singing group popular in the 1960s and 1970s, some of the songs they sang include:

The Kinks

The Kinks were an English rock band. They first became popular in the 1960s. The band had a lot of hits during the 1960s and 70s.The band was formed in 1962 by the brothers Ray and Dave Davies.

The Kinks are one of the most important and influential rock acts of their era. Their music was influenced by a wide range of genres, including rhythm and blues, British music hall, folk and country. Between the mid-1960s and early 1970s, the group released a lot of commercially and critically successful singles and LPs. The group reached a reputation for songs and concept albums which show English culture and lifestyle. Albums such as Face to Face, Something Else, The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society, Arthur, Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround and Muswell Hillbillies, are considered among the most influential recordings of the period. The Kinks had five Top 10 singles on the US Billboard chart. Nine of their albums charted in the Top 40. In the UK, the group had seventeen Top 20 singles and five Top 10 albums.

In 1990 the original four members of the Kinks were inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and in the UK Music Hall of Fame in November 2005.
















Diesel engine

The name diesel is given to an engine invented by a German named Rudolf Diesel in the late 19th century. It is one of the most used kinds of internal combustion engine.

Most other engines need a system called an ignition system – one that uses an electric spark – in order to burn the mix of fuel and air and make power. Other types of ignition systems use compressed air from an outside source, such as an air compressor. A diesel does not. It burns a diesel fuel (similar to heating oil) through very high compression or pressing together of the mix. A tiny bit of fuel is injected, or forced, into the engine's cylinders at just the right moment. Since gases heat when they are pressed together, the compression of the air and fuel mix cause the mix to explode within the cylinder. 

Diesel engines make very good use of the fuel they burn. They also make lots of torque (pronounced "tork"), or twisting power. An engine with a lot of torque will be able to spin its shaft even if it is very hard to do so. This makes a diesel engine a good choice in heavy equipment like trucks, trains and construction machines. The very big trucks on the road have diesel engines in them. So do train locomotives, unless they are electric or the old steam-powered kind. 

Sometimes, even the torque of a diesel engine is not enough to run such big machines. To boost power, large diesels often have a device called a turbocharger attached. A turbocharger is a type of turbine – something used to move a lot of air very quickly. Jet engines also contain a turbine. In the diesel, pressure from the exhaust spins the turbocharger at a very high speed. Fresh air is then forced back into the engine. Since the engine works by pumping air, the more air you can put through it, the more power it makes. That is where the turbocharger helps. A diesel engine that has a turbocharger is called a turbodiesel. The whistling sound sometimes heard near one of these engines is caused by the turbocharger, or "turbo" for short. 

A diesel engine can also be made to run on canola oil made from old cooking oil. This type of fuel is called biodiesel. Running a diesel engine on biodiesel fuel makes the exhaust smell like food. Vegetable oil as fuel is not a new idea. The engine that Rudolf Diesel used to demonstrate his new idea ran on canola oil.

Megabyte

A megabyte (MB) is a large number used when talking about hard drives or computer memory. One megabyte is 1 million bytes or 1 thousand kilobytes.

Until December 1998, when the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) first defined a mebibyte as 2, or 1,048,576 bytes, "megabyte" also meant either 1,048,576 bytes, or 1,024,000 bytes. Casual computer users still often use megabyte to mean one of these numbers.

One thousand megabytes make one gigabyte.

This definition is part of the International System of Quantities.

Waffle

A waffle is a cooked food made from a batter that consists of flour, water, baking powder, oil, and eggs. It has a gridlike appearance because it is cooked in between two hot metal plates in an electric kitchen appliance called a waffle iron. Waffles are cooked until they become golden-brown in color, with a crispy outer texture and a soft interior. Waffles are served as a breakfast or as a dessert, and they are usually served with sweet sauces or toppings.
Waffle has two definitions, the edible kind of waffles, but also the verb waffle means to talk on and on, often about random things. Synonyms include ramble

In North America, waffles are often eaten for breakfast on weekends or holidays. Freshly-baked waffles are topped with maple syrup and served with breakfast sausages, eggs, orange juice, and hot coffee.

In Belgium, France, and the French-speaking Canadian province of Quebec, waffles are often served as a dessert, after dinner is finished. Freshly-baked waffles are topped with sweet toppings such as chocolate syrup, bananas, strawberries, or whipped cream.


Waffle is also a slang term meaning "to keep changing one's mind.". For example, if a reporter is asking a politician a question, and the politician does not give a clear answer, the reporter might say that the politician was "waffling." It can also mean to keep repeating the same information in a different way or make no useful points.

Stargard

Stargard Szczeciński () is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland. It has 71,400 inhabitants (2003). It is on the Ina river. It is the capital of Stargard County in West Pomeranian Voivodship.

Disney (disambiguation)

Disney can mean either:

In entertainment:

The name also refers to several members of the Disney Family, such as:


Ruby slippers

Ruby slippers are red shoes that are worn by the character Dorothy (Judy Garland) in the movie "The Wizard of Oz". They are an important part of the story. Many pairs of slippers were made for the movie. One pair can be seen at the Smithsonian Institution in the United States. The others are owned by private collectors.

Dorothy gets the slippers after her house falls on the Wicked Witch of the East, killing the witch. The witch's sister, the Wicked Witch of the West, wants the ruby slippers. She attacks Dorothy many times during her journey down the yellow brick road. The Wicked Witch of the West wants the slippers for herself so she can become the most powerful witch in all of the land of Oz.

Dorothy knows that the slippers are powerful, but she does not know why. At the end of the movie, she learns their power: click your heels together three times, and repeat "There's no place like home."

Pope John XXIII

Saint Pope John XXIII (; ), born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli (25 November 1881 - 3 June 1963), was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 262nd Pope from 1958 to 1963.

Roncalli was born in Sotto il Monte Giovanni XXIII in northern Italy.

In 1904 he was ordained as a priest in the Roman Church of Santa Maria. Later in 1905, the new Bishop of Bergamo, Giacomo Maria Radini Tedeschi, appointed Angelo his secretary. Angelo went with Bishop Giacomo to all his pastoral visits. Angelo also helped him with many other tasks like managing the diocesan bulletin, going on pilgrimages, and social works. Angelo did more than just that while in the seminary; using his very good preaching skills he taught history, patrology, and apologetics. It was in the seminary he met the two future saints that would affect his life dramatically. These two Saints were St. Charles Borromeo and St. Francis de Sales, who were both very good pastors in the same seminary, and had a kind of apprentice like relationship. Father Angelo was extremely devoted to Bishop Giacomo until his death in 1914. After Bishop Giacomo’s death, Father Angelo continued teaching in the seminary, but was dragged into World War I and served as a medical corps sergeant after the war started Italy’s first home for poor young students. His life after the war started changing dramatically, and he even got the attention of Pope Pius XI.

From 1925 to 1944, Roncalli was a papal representative in the Balkans and the Mideast. 

Pope Pius XI named him Apostolic Visitator in Bulgaria, which brought him to the episcopate with the titular Diocese of Areopolis. He chose a motto, Oboedientia et Pax, which was his motto for the rest of his life.

Roncalli was Patriarch of Venice from 1953 to 1958. Venice is the see of a cardinal.

Cardinal Roncalli was elected pope on October 29, 1958. His coronation was televised in Europe, and filmed for viewing in other parts of the world.

Pope John expanded the College of Cardinals by naming the first African Cardinal, the first Japanese Cardinal, the first Filipino Cardinal. and the first Venezuelan Cardinal. 
He was the first Pope to make an official visit to the President of the Italian Republic at the Quirinal Palace. 

Pope John brought together the church's bishops and cardinals in a meeting called Vatican Council II. After Pope John XXIII's death in June of 1963, the Council was continued by his successor, Pope Paul VI. The Council was completed in 1965. 

John XXIII is buried with other popes in a crypt below St. Peter's Basilica. According to the official news agency of the Soviet Union, the pope's reign "was marked by fruitful activity for the sake of consolidating peace and peaceful cooperation among nations."
On September 3, 2000, Pope John XXIII was beatified and given the title of "Blessed John XXIII". On April 27, 2014, Pope John XXIII was canonized by Pope Francis and declared a new Saint of the Catholic Church given the title of "Saint John XXIII" alongside Pope John Paul II now known as "Saint John Paul II".


 

Beauty

Beauty is a property of certain things. Something is beautiful if it is nice to look at it, hear it, feel it, taste it, smell it or think about it. A person can also be beautiful. Beauty is also the name of a feeling that is hard to describe. The nature of this feeling varies from person to person and culture to culture. It is not known if only humans can feel it.

There are many ideas about what beauty is. Some people say that beauty is:

There are many other theories. Some things that people say are beautiful are not explained by any of these ideas.


2020s

The 2020s (pronounced "twenty-twenties" or "two thousand twenties") is the current decade that began on January 1, 2020 and will end on December 31, 2029. The period is almost equal to the 3rd decade of the 21st century, which began on January 1, 2021 and will end on December 31, 2030.





Guitar

The guitar is a string instrument which is played by plucking the strings. The main parts of a guitar are the body, the fretboard, the headstock and the strings. Guitars are usually made from wood or plastic. Their strings are made of steel or nylon.

The guitar strings are plucked with the fingers and fingernails of the right hand (or left hand, for left handed players), or a small pick made of thin plastic. This type of pick is called a "plectrum" or guitar pick. The left hand holds the neck of the guitar while the fingers pluck the strings. Different finger positions on the fretboard make different notes.

Guitar-like plucked string instruments have been used for many years. In many countries and at many different time periods, guitars and other plucked string instruments have been very popular, because they are light to carry from place to place, they are easier to learn to play than many other instruments. Guitars are used for many types of music, from Classical to Rock. Most pieces of popular music that have been written since the 1950s are written with guitars.

There are many different types of guitars, classified on how they are made and the type of music they are used for. All traditional types of guitar have a body which is hollow. This makes the sound of the strings louder, and gives the guitar its quality. This type of guitar is called "acoustic". (An "acoustic" instrument is one that makes its own dynamics.)

From the 1930s, people started making and playing guitars that used electricity and amplifiers to control the loudness. These guitars, which are often used in popular music, are called "electric guitars". They do not need to have a hollow body. This is because they do not use acoustics to amplify the sound.

Most guitars have six strings, but there are also guitars with four, seven, eight, ten, or twelve strings. More strings make the instrument sound fuller. The neck of a guitar has bars or marks called frets. Frets help a guitarist know where to put his or her fingers to get the right pitch when playing. Standard tuning defines the string pitches as E, A, D, G, B, and E, from lowest (low E2) to highest (high E4). Standard tuning is used by most guitarists, and frequently used tunings can be understood as variations on standard tuning.

The word "guitar" was adopted into English from Spanish word "guitarra" in the 1600s. In the Middle Ages the word "gitter" or "gittern" was used in England. Both "guitarra" and "gitter" came from the Latin word "cithara". The word "cithara" came from the earlier Greek word "kithara". "Kithara" could have come from the Persian word "sehtār". "seh" meaning "three" and "tār" meaning "string". There is also a similar but two-stringed Persian instrument named "dotār". "do" means "two" in Persian. The Indian sitar instrument was named after the Persian "sehtār". The sihtar itself is related to the Indian instrument, the sitar.

A person who plays a guitar is called a guitarist. A person who makes or fixes guitars is a "luthier", which comes from the word "lute". The word "lute", comes from the Arabic "Al-Uud", a stringed instrument from the Middle East.
The guitar appears to be derived from earlier instruments known in ancient central Asia as the Sitara. Instruments very similar to the guitar appear in ancient carvings and statues recovered from the old Iranian capitol of Susa. The modern word, guitar, was adopted into English from the Spanish word "guitarra", which came from the older Greek word kithara. Possible sources for various names of musical instruments that guitar could be derived from appear to be a combination of two Indo-European roots: guit-, similar to Sanskrit "sangeet" meaning "music", and "-tar" a widely found root meaning "cord" or "string".
The word "guitar" is a word that the Iberian Arabic language took from the Persian language. The word "qitara" is an Arabic name for various members of the lute family that preceded the Western guitar. The word "guitarra" was introduced into Spanish when such instruments were brought into Iberia by the Moors after the 10th century.

There have been instruments like the guitar for at least 5,000 years. The guitar may have come from older instruments known as the sitara from ancient India and central Asia. The oldest known picture of a guitar-like instrument is a 3300 year old stone carving of a Hittite bard. The oldest guitar-like instrument that is still complete is the "Warwick Gittern" in the British Museum. It belonged to Elizabeth I of England and probably to her father Henry VIII before it was given to her. It is about 500 years old.

The design of the modern guitar began with the Roman cithara. The cithara was brought by the Romans to Hispania (Spain) around 40 AD. In the 8th century the Moors brought the four-stringed oud into Spain. The introduction to the oud caused changes to the design of the cithara. In other parts of Europe, the six-string Scandinavian "lut" (lute) became popular wherever the Vikings had been. By 1200 AD, there were two types of the four string "guitar": the "guitarra morisca" (Moorish guitar) from Spain which had a rounded back, wide fingerboard and several soundholes, and the "guitarra latina" (Latin guitar) which was more like the modern guitar with one sound hole and a narrower neck.

The Spanish "vihuela", of the 16th century, was another instrument similar to the guitar. It had lute-style tuning and a body that was like a guitar. The vihuela was only popular for a short amount of time. It is not known whether it was simply a design that combined features of the oud and lute or a transition from the Renaissance instrument to the modern guitar.

The Vinaccia family from Naples, Italy were famous mandolin makers. It is thought that they also made the oldest six-string guitar that still exists. There is a guitar built that was signed and dated 1779 on the label by Gaetano Vinaccia (1759 - after 1831) Although there are many fakes that have dates on them from that time, this guitar is believed by experts to be genuine (real).

The guitar's design was improved (made better) by the famous Spanish luthier, Antonio Torres Jurado (1817-1892) and by Louis Panormo of London.

The electric guitar was made by George Beauchamp in 1936. Beauchamp co-founded a company called Rickenbacher to make guitars. However, Danelectro was the first to produce electric guitars for the public to use.

A guitar was described by Dr. Michael Kasha as an instrument that had "a long, fretted neck, flat wooden soundboard, ribs, and a flat back, most often with incurved sides".

Modern guitars come in four main types. The classical guitar is used for classical music. The term acoustic guitar is generally used for a guitar used for popular music, even though a classical guitar is also an acoustic instrument. There are many other different types of acoustic guitars from different parts of the world.

A electric guitar can be flat, hollow, or semi-hollow (solid with hollow pockets on the sides), and produces sound through its pickups, which are wire-wound magnets that are screwed onto the guitar. Some guitars combine the hollow acoustic body with amplified sound. Bass guitars are designed to make a low bass rhythm.

A special electric folding travel guitar called the Foldaxe (briefly manufactured by Hoyer in 1977) was invented for Chet Atkins (in Atkins' book "Me and My Guitars") by inventor and guitarist Roger Field, featuring a built-in way to keep the string tension and tuning the same even when folded, and ready to play when unfolded. Atkins demonstrated his several times on US television, and also on The Today Show with Les Paul, who was with him as a guest.

Unlike most guitars with six strings, some guitars are made with eight strings. Eight string guitars have two extra octave strings on the D and G. This gives the person playing the guitar a large amount of chorus when playing. 

Guitars are used in many different genres of music, such as traditional, regional, and folk to modern punk, rock, metal or pop. Guitars are used as rhythm instruments, lead instruments, and sometimes both.

A capo is a device which can be placed on any of the guitar's frets which don't lie on the body itself. This enables the user to change key without changing the tuning of the guitar strings. There are multiple types of capos, some latch around the whole guitar neck and some just clamp onto the back and fret board.



List of guitarists

A guitarist is a person who plays the guitar. A guitar is a type of musical instrument.













https://guitartrap.blogspot.com/
British Sea Power

British Sea Power is an indie rock band from England. They formed in 2000. Many band members come from Cumbria, but they are based in Brighton. They have released six albums and six EPs. They released their sixth album "Machineries of Joy" in April 2013.


Jimmy Eat World

Jimmy Eat World is an alternative rock band. They formed in Mesa, Arizona in 1994. To date, they have released six studio albums. They may record one more album on their label for a 2009 release, but after that will consider self-releasing. They have released many singles, including "Sweetness", "The Middle", "Bleed American", "Rockstar", and "Let It Happen".

They used to be part of the emo scene and many would still call them that. However, the band has never liked that term and do not even understand that. While their albums do have considerable emo influences, the album "Future" brought on a change of sound and a different fanbase.




Phish

Phish is an American rock band. They formed in Vermont in 1983, broke up in 2004, and reformed in 2009. Their lead singer is Trey Anastasio. Phish was often compared to the Grateful Dead, and had a similar following of "Phish Heads" following the band on tour. They went on a 5-year-long hiatus from 2004 to 2009. Their hiatus ended when they played shows on March 6, 7 and 8 at the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton, VA. The band surprised the audience with longer sets than usual.

Their music has a lot of improvisation, so when they play live, their songs are sometimes a lot longer. They use elements from many genres, including rock, jazz, funk, progressive rock, bluegrass, country, reggae, blues, Latin, and psychedelic rock.


Green Day

Green Day is an American rock band that formed in 1987. The members of the band are Billie Joe Armstrong (vocals, guitar), Mike Dirnt (bass guitar, vocals), and Tré Cool (drums, percussion), Jason White (guitar/vocals) and Jason Freese (keyboard). Jason Freese only participates in concert tours. Green Day is often celebrated as one of the best punk rock bands currently performing.

At first, Green Day was part of the punk rock culture at 924 Gilman Street in Berkeley, California. Its album "Dookie" (1994) became a success. Soon, it sold more than ten million copies in the United States alone, and 20 million copies worldwide. The album was well reviewed and the band were praised for its music and sales. Green Day had three more albums after that, "Insomniac", "Nimrod" and "Warning". They were still successful albums, reaching double platinum, double platinum, and gold status respectively. However none of these albums sold as well as their third album, "Dookie". Green Day's 2004 rock opera "American Idiot" sold six million copies in the United States.

Green Day has sold over 85 million records worldwide, 32 million of them in the United States alone. They also have won four Grammy Awards, Best Alternative Album for "Dookie", Best Rock Album for "American Idiot", Record of the Year for the song "Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Best Rock Album for 21st Century Breakdown and have also been inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame.

In 1990, Lookout! released Green Day's first album "39/Smooth". Green Day recorded two EPs: "Slappy" and "Sweet Children". Lookout! Records released "1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours," an album that had the "39/Smooth," "Slappy," and "1,000 Hours" EPs in it. In late 1990, shortly after the band's first worldwide tour, Sobrante left the band. The Lookouts drummer Tré Cool became a replacement, and then became a permanent replacement because Sobrante did not want to come back. Green Day was on tour for most of 1992 and 1993, and played a lot of shows overseas in Europe. Its second album, "Kerplunk", sold about 50,000 copies in the U.S., which was a lot for the punk band in 1992.

"Kerplunk's" success made major record labels interested in Green Day, and they soon left Lookout! and signed with Reprise Records after getting the attention of producer Rob Cavallo. Signing to Reprise made many punk rock fans think Green Day as sellouts. After signing with Reprise, the band went to work on making its major label debut, ""

Released in February of 1994, and recorded in 3 weeks, "Dookie" became a commercial success, making it to MTV for the videos of the songs "Longview", "Basket Case", and "When I Come Around", all of which made it to the number one position on the Modern Rock Tracks charts.

"Insomniac" was a darker, more punk release for the band than the rocking "Dookie." "Insomniac" earned 4 out of 5 stars from "Rolling Stone Magazine", which said "In punk, the good stuff actually unfolds and gains meaning as you listen without sacrificing any of its electric, haywire immediacy. And Green Day are as good as this stuff gets." "Insomniac" won the band award nominations for Favorite Artist, Favorite Hard Rock Artist, and Favorite Alternative Artist at the 1996 American Music Awards. The video for "Walking Contradiction" got the band a Grammy nomination for Best Video, Short Form, and a Best Special Effects nomination at the MTV Video Music Awards.

In 1995, a new single for the "Angus" soundtrack was released, titled "J.A.R.". The single went straight to number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. After that, "Insomniac," Green Day's new album, was released in the fall of 1995. After that, the band stopped from going on a European tour so they could rest for a while.

In 1997, Green Day began to work on a new album. They came up with "Nimrod." The new album was released in October 1996. The success of "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)" won the band an MTV Video Award for Best Alternative Video.

In 2000, Green Day released "Warning," an album that had types of songs that "Nimrod" did. Though the "Warning" made the hit "Minority" and a smaller hit with "Warning", some observers thought that the band was losing popularity. "Warning" was certified gold by the RIAA.

At the 2001 California Music Awards, Green Day won all eight awards that they were nominated for.

In the summer of 2003, the band went into a studio to write and record new songs for a new album titled "Cigarettes and Valentines." After making 20 tracks, the master tapes were stolen from the studio. The band was upset and chose not to try to re-create the stolen album, but instead start over with a vow to be even better than before. In this same year, Green Day went with Iggy Pop on two tracks for his album "Skull Ring." They took "band therapy," talking for a long time to work out the members' differences after accusations from Dirnt and Cool that Armstrong was "the band's Nazi" and a show-off bent on taking the limelight from the other band members.

The 2004 album, "American Idiot", was number one on the Billboard charts, the band's first ever album to top the chart, even with success of the album's first single, "American Idiot.

Through 2005, the band toured for about 150 days— visiting Japan, Australia, the United States and the UK, where they had a crowd of 130,000 people in only two days. While touring for "American Idiot," they filmed and recorded the two concerts at the Milton Keynes National Bowl in England, which was voted 'The Best Show On Earth' in a "Kerrang!" Magazine Poll.

These recordings were released as a live CD and DVD called "Bullet in a Bible" on November 15, 2005. The DVD had a behind-the-scenes footage of the band, and showed how the band prepared to put on the show. The final shows of its 2005 world tour were in Sydney, Australia, and Melbourne, Australia, on December 14 and 17. On January 10, 2006 the band was awarded with a People's Choice Award for favorite group.

In 2006, Green Day won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year for "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" which spent 16 weeks at the number one position of Billboard's "Modern Rock Tracks".

In an interview with "Kerrang!", Billie Joe said that 2008 would "be a fair estimate of the release date of their new Untitled Eighth Studio Album." In October 2007, Billie Joe said more on this new album, saying he had been writing new songs on the piano, and had around 45 of them. He said he wanted the new music to dig into what he's feeling during that time - which is middle-aged.

In 2009 "Kerrang!" named "American Idiot" the best album of the decade, "NME" ranked it #60 in a similar list, and "Rolling Stone" ranked it 22nd.

In an interview with "Kerrang!", Armstrong said that 2009 would "be a fair estimate of the release date of their new untitled eighth studio album for Green Day." It was revealed that Butch Vig would be producing the upcoming album in an interview with Carson Daly. The gap of nearly five years between their previous album, "American Idiot", and their newest release was the longest gap in Green Day's career. While the band had been working on new music since January 2006, by October 2007 Armstrong had written 45 songs, the band showed no further signs of being close to releasing a new album until October 2008, when a video of the group recording with producer Butch Vig in the studio was posted on YouTube.

Their newest album, titled "21st Century Breakdown", was released on May 15, 2009. Called "Green Day at their best" by "Seattle Weekly's" Krist Novoselic, the album has received mostly positive reviews. Rating website "Metacritic" reported a rating of 70% as of July 2009, based on 30 reviews. After it was released, "21st Century Breakdown" reached #1 on the charts in fourteen different countries.

Green Day's sound is often compared to first wave punk rock bands such as the Ramones, The Clash, Sex Pistols, The Jam, and the Buzzcocks. Stylistically, the group is characterized as punk rock, pop punk and alternative rock.

Most of their songs are fast and under the average song length of four minutes (4:00), though some of their songs run on longer such as "Jesus of Suburbia" which runs for nine minutes. Billie Joe Armstrong said that some of his biggest influences are alternative rock bands Husker Dü and The Replacements. Armstrong's lyrics mostly describe alienation, hysteria, girls, growing up, and what happens to someone if they take drugs. The Ramones had lyrical themes that were also close to Green Day's lyrics such as hysteria, alienation, girls, and drugs. Green Day has covered Ramones songs a few times, such as recording "Outsider" for the tribute album "We're a Happy Family", and performing "Blitzkrieg Bop" and "Teenage Lobotomy" when the Ramones made it into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002.









Live album

A live album is an album that has live songs. These live songs are played on stage at a concert, instead of recorded in a studio. People record the songs and put them on a CD.

Album (disambiguation)

An album is a collection of songs on a CD or LP.

It may also refer to:

Marvin Gaye

Marvin Gaye (born Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr., April 2, 1939 - April 1, 1984) was an American soul and R&B singer and songwriter. He was a famous artist recording on the Motown label in the 1960s and 1970s. He became an independent artist when he released his 1971 album, "What's Going On". After living in Europe in the late 1970s, Gaye had a comeback hit with 1982's "Sexual Healing". The record won him two Grammy Awards and became his biggest hit. He was killed on April 1, 1984 by his own father, Marvin Gay, Sr.. After his death, he was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Marvin Pentz Gay, Jr. was the eldest son of a Pentecostal minister and the second of four children. His family lived in a mostly African-American community in Washington, D.C. When he was a child, Gaye was abused by his father. He used music to help him cope with the abuse, playing instruments and singing gospel music in his father's church. When he was a teenager, Gaye became a fan of doo-wop and joined several groups before he left high school at the start of his senior year.

In 1956, when he was seventeen years old, Gaye left home and enlisted in (joined) in the United States Air Force. He was honorably discharged the following year. Gaye moved back to Washington D.C. and formed a group called The Marquees. The group was discovered by musician Bo Diddley and they recorded the songs "Good Morning Little Schoolgirl" and "Wyatt Earp". They then met Harvey Fuqua and joined with his group The Moonglows. They released a song called "Mama Loocie" in 1959. This was the first song recorded with Gaye singing as lead vocalist. The following year, the new Moonglows split up and with Fuqua as his mentor, Gaye traveled to Detroit, Michigan where they met Berry Gordy, who had formed Motown Records. Gordy was impressed by Marvin's talent as a piano player and drummer and signed him as a session drummer for Motown. Gaye played drums on most of Motown's early hits for artists like The Marvelettes, Mary Wells, the Miracles and Stevie Wonder. In 1961, Gordy signed Gaye as a recording artist and released "The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye". The album did not sell well.

Gaye's first became successful when he co-wrote the Marvelettes' top twenty hit, "Beechwood 4-5789". In 1962 he released his own song called "Stubborn Kind of Fellow". It was partly about his own life and got into the top fifty of the pop chart and number eight on the R&B side. His first top 40 single, "Hitch Hike", and his first top ten hit, "Pride & Joy", made him a teen idol. These early singles and those on his second release, "That Stubborn Kind of Fellow", featured Martha and the Vandellas in the backGaye had more successful songs like early success continued with "Can I Get a Witness", "Baby Don't You Do It", "You Are a Wonderful One" and "Try It Baby". In late 1964, Gaye recorded "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)", which peaked at the top ten of the American pop charts and became one of his first hits abroad reaching the top fifty in the United Kingdom. Gaye also worked with his friend, singer Smokey Robinson to write number-one singles, "I'll Be Doggone" and "Ain't That Peculiar".

After his early success, which Marvin had struggles with, Motown began to widen his role as a ladies man, having him record duet albums with Mary Wells, Kim Weston and Diana Ross. His first album with Wells, "Together", became Marvin's first charted album, and yielded two popular hits, while his single with Weston, the Sylvia Moy-penned "It Takes Two", hit the top twenty on both sides of the Atlantic. But it would be his collaboration with Philadelphia R&B singer Tammi Terrell that landed him his biggest known success in his duet work. Building on songs written by Ashford & Simpson, the team of Marvin and Tammi scored a multitude of hits including their original version of "Ain't No Mountain High Enough", "Your Precious Love", "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" and "You're All I Need to Get By". Their success would be short-lived following Tammi's collapse during a show at Virginia in October 1967. Having complained of headaches, Tammi was rushed to the hospital that night and was diagnosed with a brain tumor. Terrell braved it out but by the release of their third and last album together, "Easy", was losing her fight with the tumor. Tammi died in March 1970 at the age of 24 from complications of her brain cancer. Marvin was said to be so devastated by Tammi's death that he said he felt a piece of him died with her, and reports state at her funeral, Marvin talked to her remains as if she was gonna respond. Promising not to tour again and not to record another duet album after that, Marvin went into a self-imposed seclusion that ended briefly. In 1973, Marvin would work on his final duet album with Diana Ross. Their recording was hampered by arguments between them as Marvin refused to stop smoking marijuana in the studio as Diana was then pregnant. The resulting album, "Diana and Marvin", became a top twenty U.S. success and reached the top ten in the U.K.

In 1968, Marvin returned to the top of the charts as a solo act with the Norman Whitfield-penned "I Heard It Through the Grapevine". The song, originally recorded in 1967, was initially blocked from release since Berry Gordy disapproved of the song. Instead, one of its cover versions by Gladys Knight & the Pips was released, and it ended up reaching number-two. Whitfield was determined to get Gordy to release Marvin's, and in October 1968, Motown finally issued "Grapevine" as a single where it eventually reached number-one in December of that year, it also reached number one in the U.K. and became the biggest-selling single in Motown history during the sixties. During this period, Marvin used his "Grapevine" success to produce a collection of singles for his background group the Originals. Those songs, "Baby I'm for Real" and "The Bells" became top 40 recordings. After two more top ten hits that followed, Marvin began working on a more personal production. Inspired by Tammi Terrell's death, his brother Frankie's Vietnam stories, footage of the Vietnam War and race riots in the U.S., Marvin's success with his first productions and a rough draft of a song composed by Four Tops member Obie Benson, Marvin recorded an introspective single titled "What's Going On". Like "Grapevine", Motown refused to release it due to it being "uncommercial" and "risky" since Gordy could not find a song to match anything with and also because Gordy was against anyone in his company to talk openly about serious issues. In spite of releases by the Temptations, the Supremes and Edwin Starr, which opened about inner city struggle, illegitimate pregnancy and wars respectively, Motown was afraid the song would ruin Marvin's squeaky-clean teen pop image. Marvin, confident in his own abilities, stood his ground, and in January 1971, the song was released quickly becoming a hit single reaching number two on the Billboard pop chart and number one on the Cashbox pop chart, also hitting number-one on the Billboard R&B chart. A follow-up album of the same name was quickly released that May and with accompanying top ten singles "Mercy Mercy Me" and "Inner City Blues", songs that also talked about social issues including environmentalism, the album sold over a million copies and permanently made Marvin one of the first independent artists on the label. Inspired by Marvin's success, Stevie Wonder refused to renew his contract with Motown in May 1971 after releasing the non-Motown approved "Where I'm Coming From", an album that also dealt with social issues. In 1972, Motown signed Marvin to a $1 million contract, making him at the time the highest-paid black recording artist in music history. Marvin celebrated the contract by releasing the pro-political single "You're the Man", which attacked the Nixon administration. Moving from Detroit to Los Angeles that year, he recorded the soundtrack to the movie, "Trouble Man". The soundtrack and its title track became top twenty and top ten hits on the charts respectively. In 1973, Marvin dramatically changed direction from social topics to sexual politics with the release of "Let's Get It On". The song became Marvin's second number-one Billboard hit and was the biggest-selling R&B single of that year. Its subsequent album became another critical milestone as "What's Going On" had been and with his new look as a wool hat-wearing, studded jean outfit, bearded "messiah", Marvin had become an icon of early seventies soul music.

In 1974, Marvin returned officially to touring after a four-year sabbatical following the death of Tammi Terrell and began to suffer from the effects of a long-developing cocaine addiction, which started in the late sixties. Marvin went a year without producing a record though through yet another new Motown contract, he built a recording studio in the middle of Sunset Boulevard. In 1976, Marvin released the erotic "I Want You" album, an album that had been delayed by his first wife, Anna Gordy's divorce case against him. The divorce was finalized after Marvin agreed to remit a portion of his royalties from his next album to Ms. Gordy. The result was the controversial "Here, My Dear" project, which came out in early 1979 after two years of holding the project from release. Marvin recorded a disco hit in 1977 titled "Got to Give It Up". The song hit number-one marking his third pop hit to reach the spot and his twelfth on the R&B side. It would end up being his last major hit with the Motown label. Following the release of "Here, My Dear", the album tanked and Marvin, already run dry by dwindling finances, numerous lawsuits, a troubling marriage to a second wife and an even more troubling cocaine addiction, eventually left his wife, three children, and the U.S. settling first in Hawaii and then settling in London in 1980 after a European promoter advised him to tour Europe. Recording most of his final Motown release, "In Our Lifetime", in London, the album was rush-released by Motown in early 1981 much to Marvin's chagrin: he complained that the label had edited certain songs, including one that seemed unfinished, and had taken off a question mark that he put at the end of the title to ask a question about life. Marvin stated he would no longer record for Motown and was granted his wish when CBS Records brought him out of his contract in April 1982.

In 1981, Marvin settled in Ostend, Belgium thanks to a former Belgian sports promoter and with his encouragement began rebuilding his life cutting away from drugs and also rebuilding his music career. After a successful European tour, Marvin signed with CBS Records and began work on a new album in his adopted home. After his friend and biographer David Ritz arrived to interview him, Marvin and David collaborated on a reggae-styled track in which Ritz titled "Sexual Healing" after a conversation between the two evolved into pornography. The song was one of eight Marvin worked on to fit into his comeback release, "Midnight Love". Boosted by its Caribbean flavor, the song returned Marvin to the top of the charts, hitting number-one on the R&B chart for a period of ten weeks and also becoming a top ten hit in several countries including number-three in the U.S. pop chart and number-four in England. It also hit number-one in New Zealand. Selling over two million copies, it became Marvin's biggest-selling single to date and won him his first couple of Grammys in 1983. Marvin's comeback was cemented with his emotional performance of the national anthem at the NBA All Star Game and a reunited showcase at "Motown 25", where Marvin was reunited with his old Motown buddies. Marvin's performance consisted of him playing piano while speaking on the illustrious history of black music before singing "What's Going On" to a receptive audience. That year, Marvin went on the road to promote the "Midnight Love" album. It would end up being his final tour.

Settling in his parents' Los Angeles home after the tour, Marvin reportedly struggled with drug abuse and his troubling relationship with his father continued spiraling downwards. On the morning of April 1, 1984, Marvin and his father got into an argument after his father verbally assaulted Marvin's mother while they were arguing over misplaced business documents. The two men clashed and Marvin reportedly shoved his father to the ground during the struggle. After returning to his room, Marvin's father reentered Marvin's room with a loaded shotgun Marvin had bought for him for Christmas and shot him twice with one fatal shot to his chest. At approximately 1:10 pm, Marvin Gaye was pronounced dead on the scene at Cedars Sinai Medical Center. He was one day shy of his forty-fifth birthday. Marvin's death shocked his fans though family members and friends knew of Marvin's depression. Over 10,000 well-wishers paid their last respects at a star-studded funeral in Los Angeles. Marvin's ashes were spread to the beaches of the Atlantic Ocean. In 1985, Motown and CBS collaborated on two posthumous records while Motown re-released Marvin's famed material. In 1987, Marvin was posthumously inducted to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame confirming his status as one of the greatest artists in music history.

Marvin first dated Anna Gordy in 1961. Anna was said to be the inspiration behind Marvin's sixties hits including "Stubborn Kind of Fellow" and "You Are a Wonderful One". He married her in 1964 and the couple adopted a boy they named Marvin Pentz Gaye III in 1965. Their marriage was rocky by the time Marvin began courting a beautiful seventeen-year-old high-school student named Janis Hunter in 1973. Hunter was reportedly the inspiration behind the song "If I Should Die Tonight" as he had sung the song to her in the studio. His 1976 album, "I Want You", was dedicated to Janis, who married him in 1977. The couple had two children together, daughter Nona and son Frankie. They divorced in 1981.


Masturbation

Masturbation is when a person touches their own sex organs to gain pleasure. It often results in an orgasm. Some religions say it is bad, but the modern view is that it is a normal and healthy thing to do. 

Almost all boys and most girls masturbate. A U.S. nationally representative survey of 5865 men and women ages 14–94 said that 28% of men ages 70 + , 43% of men ages 14–15 and 60–69, and more than half of men ages 16–59 reported that they masturbated in the last month (Herbenick et al., 2010). 

Starting in puberty if not earlier, both teenage boys and girls masturbate daily on average according to one survey. Studies have shown that many people, including adults with sex partners, masturbate regularly. There are many slang words and expressions for masturbation. Among the most common, at least in the United States and Canada, are: jacking, jacking off and jerking off. Those are usually just used for males and are generally considered slang. A teenage boy might say, "I've got to jerk off." Some words or expressions can be for anyone and are reasonably polite: playing with yourself, touching yourself, pleasuring yourself, self pleasure and solo sex. Those expressions might be used on TV or radio talk shows. In comics, the words fap fap fap mean the person is masturbating (but it is not pictured, but rather implied).

Masturbating can be done alone, but can also be done with another person. This is called "mutual masturbation". This is fairly common among pre-teen and early-teenaged boys regardless of sexual orientation. Usually, it is done out of curiosity so boys can educate themselves about whether their sexual responses are similar. Girls may also masturbate together, regardless of sexual orientation. Girls and boys who are starting a relationship, who are worried about pregnancy, or who are just curious about sex may begin with mutual masturbation. Two people can also masturbate together over the internet or with phones, although that is usually called cybersex or phone sex rather than mutual masturbation. That can be a good way for two people who are in love but are far away from each other to keep their romantic relationship alive. It can also be a way for people who have not met in person to build a relationship. Even for two people who do not plan to have a romantic relationship with each other, it can be more enjoyable to masturbate with someone else than to masturbate alone.

Group masturbation (most commonly done by pre-teen or teenage boys) is known as a circle jerk. It used to be considered a normal and common thing for boys to do and not a problem. Today, however, people worry that group masturbation among boys can involve bullying and can have lifelong negative consequences for some people.

Vibrators and dildos can be used to make masturbation easier or feel better, but it is often done with just a person's hand.

Animals can masturbate too.

The female sex organ most sensitive to touch is the clitoris which is like a very small penis. Female masturbation almost always involves stimulating the clitoris, either by hand or with a vibrator. For some women, the glans (or tip) of the clitoris is so sensitive that they do not enjoy touching it directly. Instead, they touch the clitoral hood and move it as it touches the clitoris. The clitoral hood is made of thin skin like an eyelid and normally covers most or all of the clitoris. Many women also enjoy the feeling of fingers or a sex toy in the vagina, but this is a secondary sensation that is not necessary for orgasm, and that rarely results in orgasm on its own. Some women find stimulation of the front vaginal wall particularly pleasurable. The anus is rich in nerve endings and is also sometimes stimulated during masturbation, as are the nipples.

Masturbation is usually continued until orgasm. Some women may have problems reaching an orgasm, especially when they are young, and have little experience masturbating.

Some women experience "multiple orgasms" - several orgasms in a row without loss of arousal. It should be noted, however, that women who are not capable of multiple orgasms report as much orgasmic satisfaction as women who are multi-orgasmic.

Masturbation for males is the act of stimulating the penis, usually by hand, to provide self-pleasure. For teens and adults, masturbation usually ends in what is called an ejaculation (the release of liquid called semen which contains sperm cells). This ejaculation is usually accompanied by a powerful, pleasurable feeling called an orgasm. Most boys start masturbating between the age of 10 and 15. It is not uncommon for younger boys to do so, even if they cannot ejaculate semen. Even male fetuses in the womb sometimes appear to play with their penis.

There are many ways in which a male can choose to masturbate. The most common of these techniques is using the hand. A man simply wraps his hand or two or three fingers around the shaft of his penis (in erection) and moves his hand up and down. As the sensation increases in intensity, the rate of hand movement generally quickens until orgasm occurs. Orgasm is a feeling which usually results in semen being ejaculated from the penis. Circumcised males or males with dry skin often use a lubricant when masturbating. A lubricant, usually called lube, or personal lubricant, is a slippery liquid available at stores. It is often on the same shelf as condoms. If someone masturbates a lot without lube, sometimes the skin can become irritated (rough) from too much rubbing. Usually, if the person goes slowly, there is a natural lubricating liquid that drips out of the end of the penis. Books call this liquid pre-ejaculatory fluid or, more commonly, pre-ejaculate (pronounced with an "at" sound at the end, unlike the verb ejaculate, which has an "ate" sound at the end.) A more common name for this liquid is pre-cum. Depending on how much time you take, you may get up to 4 ml (slightly less than 1 U.S. teaspoon) of pre-ejaculate before ejaculation. 

Other common methods of male masturbation include running water on the penis in the bathtub or shower and rubbing the penis and scrotum with a towel or bed sheets. Some males enjoy masturbating with a lubricated condom on. A man can put his penis into a sex toy that is like an artificial vagina.

This is most commonly considered a thing groups of pre-teen and teenaged boys do, but sometimes it might be done by groups of men, groups of girls, groups of women, or groups of people of different ages and include both men and women. In the case of boys or men, group masturbation is called a circle jerk. (Sometimes a circle jerk just means an unnecessary office meeting where nothing useful is done.) Group masturbation circle jerks may be less common for boys today than in the past because boys now have much more information about sex. They might think looking at other boys masturbating is not that interesting because information and pornography are on the internet. Also, sex education classes usually have some information about what is normal. In the past (maybe 30 to 70 years ago) circle jerks often happened at summer camps. Circle jerks were sometimes part of hazing at some schools for boys. Hazing means older students making new students do a lot of things they shouldn't or don't want to do. Today, camping leaders and older students are told they must not allow circle jerks. Circle jerks often were like games, with the "winner" being the boy able to ejaculate first, last, or farthest depending on the pre-established rules. Usually each boy only touches his own penis, but sometimes each boy touches the penises of the boys on each side of him. Many boys today would think of that as a homosexual (gay) thing and would not want to do it. A circle jerk that involves oral sex is called a daisy chain and is a form of group sex. A circle jerk can serve as an introduction to sexual relations with other males, but the main reason or benefit for doing it is that young teenagers usually don't have the chance to have regular sexual activity with another person. In earlier years, many experts did not think circle jerks were bad, and some saw them as educational (educating boys that they were normal) and helpful in building self-confidence. Some of that may be true, but group masturbation may be a problem if some boys, often older boys, force other boys to do it when they really don't want to. It is a very serious problem if men suggest that boys do it. This could have happened at some summer camps. Boys who were in circle jerks might develop problems later. Some men who have relationship difficulties or sexual problems as adults feel their problems are caused by group masturbation they did when they were pre-teens or teenagers. Experts have different opinions, but group masturbation is probably not a good thing for pre-teens and teens to do. Even if it is not a problem for most boys, it might be very bad for a few boys. Some boys who are unsure if they are gay or straight may find it very awkward. Sometimes boys with smaller penises are teased or bullied afterward. Also, there could be very bad problems if anyone takes pictures and shares them on phones or on the internet. If a boy or girl feels a strong need to see if what happens when they masturbate is "normal", it is probably better to do it with just one friend, in person, not with a phone or computer. That way they can see if what happens when they masturbate is similar without worrying about being bullied or about pictures being shared.

Some parents discuss masturbation with their children. Other parents don't. If a parent does discuss it, the parent should be careful not to embarrass the child. The main things to say are, "Masturbation is normal, but do it in your bedroom with the door closed." The child should be told never to send nude pictures or videos to anyone, particularly people they have met online. It is a common scam (trick) for someone to pretend to be an internet girlfriend or boyfriend, and to ask teenagers (boys especially) for nude pictures. Then the person will ask the teen to masturbate on camera. Later, the person says they will send the pictures or videos to all the teen's friends and family unless the teen sends money. This is called sextortion. If the teenager sends money, the person demands even more money. Beyond mentioning those things, parents usually don't need to say a lot except that they are always available to answer questions.

If and how often people masturbate depends on many things. One of the things it depends on is hormone levels. Hormones cause sexual arousal. Other things that the frequency of masturbation depend on are sexual habits. Sexual habits are sexual activities that people do because they are used to doing them. Other people of the same age or standing - called peers - can also influence this frequency. General health is another of the many factors. The general attitude towards masturbation is formed by culture. Medical causes have also been associated with masturbation.

"Forty-eight female college students were asked to complete a sexual attitudes questionnaire in which a frequency of masturbation scale was embedded. Twenty-four of the women (the experimental group) then individually viewed an explicit modeling film involving female masturbation. One month later, all subjects again completed the same questionnaire. Subjects in the experimental group also completed a questionnaire evaluating aspects of the film. Results indicated that the experimental group reported a significant increase in the average monthly frequency of masturbation, as compared to the control group. This same group, however, reported that the film had no effect on sexual attitudes or behavior."

A 2004 survey by Toronto magazine "NOW" was answered by an unspecified number of thousands. The results show that an overwhelming majority of the males — 81% — began masturbating between the ages of 12 and 15. Among females, the same figure was a more modest majority of 55%. (Surveys on sexual practices are prone to "self-selection bias".) It is not uncommon, however, to begin much earlier, and this is more frequent among females: 18% had begun by the time they turned 12, and 6% already by the time they turned 10. Being the main outlet of child sexuality, masturbation has been observed in very young children. In the book "Human Sexuality: Diversity in Contemporary America", by Strong, Devault and Sayad, the authors point out, "A baby boy may laugh in his crib while playing with his erect penis (although he does not ejaculate). Baby girls sometimes move their bodies rhythmically, almost violently, appearing to experience orgasm."

A 2004 magazine survey in Canada found that 43% started masturbating when they were about 12–13 years old. When boys start masturbating, wet dreams often stop since semen is taken out from his body regularly. According to a Canadian survey of "Now" magazine readers, (cited above), the frequency of masturbation declines after the age of 17. However, most males masturbate daily, or even more frequently, well into their 20s and sometimes far beyond. This decline is more drastic among females, and more gradual among males. While females aged 13–17 masturbated almost once a day on average (and almost as often as their male peers), adult women only masturbated 8–9 times a month, compared to the 18–22 among men. It is also apparent that masturbation frequency declines with age. Adolescent youths report being able to masturbate to ejaculation six or more times per day, though some men in older middle age report being hard pressed to ejaculate even once per day. The survey does not give a full demographic breakdown of respondents, however, and the sexual history of respondents to this poll, who are readers of an urban Toronto lifestyle magazine, may not be typical

Females are less likely to masturbate while in a heterosexual relationship than men. Both sexes occasionally engage in this activity, however, even when in sexually active relationships. Popular belief asserts that individuals of either sex who are not in sexually active relationships tend to masturbate more frequently than those who are; however, much of the time this is not true as masturbation alone or with a partner is often a feature of a relationship. Contrary to conventional wisdom, several studies actually reveal a positive correlation between the frequency of masturbation and the frequency of intercourse as well as the number of sex partners. One study reported a significantly higher rate of masturbation in gay men and women who were in a relationship.

The Catholic church says masturbation is a 'gravely disordered action'. Among men masturbation may be seen as a sign of weakness. There are slang terms for it that are used as insults.

The Sambia tribe of New Guinea has rites of passage surrounding manhood. They include frequent ejaculation by fellatio. Semen is valued. Masturbation is seen as a waste of semen. Because of this, it is frowned upon but frequent ejaculation is encouraged. The capacity and need to ejaculate is nurtured for years. This is done from an early age through fellatio. This allows the semen to be consumed rather than wasted. Semen is ingested for strength. It is considered in the same line as mothers' milk.

Other cultures have rites of passage into manhood that end in the first ejaculation of a male. This is often by the hands of a tribal elder. In some tribes such as the Agta in the Philippines, stimulation of the genitals is encouraged from an early age. At puberty, the young male is then paired off with a "wise elder" or "witch doctor". This person uses masturbation to build his ability to ejaculate in preparation for a ceremony. The ceremony ends in a public ejaculation before a celebration. The ejaculate is saved in a wad of animal skin and worn later to help conceive children. In this and other tribes, the measure of manhood is actually associated more with the amount of ejaculate than penis size. Frequent ejaculation through masturbation from an early age fosters frequent ejaculation well into adulthood.

Masturbation marathons have occurred in the U.S. and UK. These events provide a supportive environment where masturbation can be performed openly.

Masturbation may increase fertility during sexual intercourse. In females, it can regulate the conditions of the vagina, cervix and the uterus. This can either increase or decrease the chance of conception. Whether the chance is increased or decreased depends on the timing of the masturbation. This timing is a subconscious decision. If she has intercourse with more than one male, it favors the chances of one or the other male's sperm reaching her egg.

Female masturbation can also protect against cervical infections. It does this by increasing the acidity of the cervical mucus and by moving debris out of the cervix.

The function of masturbation in males is to flush out old sperm with low motility from the male's genital tract. The next ejaculate contains more fresh sperm, which has higher chances of achieving conception during intercourse. If more than one male is having intercourse with a female, the sperm with the highest motility will compete more effectively.

The physical effect of masturbation and having an orgasm or ejaculating is heightened arousal while epinephrine courses through the body, producing dopamine also known as the happy chemical, shallow breath and post-climactic euphoria.

It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression, stress and lead to a higher sense of self-worth. Some people who don't have other sexual activity find they get sad or irritable (easy to get angry) if they go for several days without masturbating. Masturbation can also be particularly useful in relationships where one partner wants more sex than the other — in which case masturbation provides a balancing effect and thus a more harmonious relationship.

Mutual masturbation, the act by which two or more partners stimulate themselves in the presence of each other, allows a couple to reveal the map to their pleasure centers. Witnessing a partner masturbate is an educational activity to find out the method a partner uses to please themself, allowing each partner to learn exactly how the other enjoys being touched.

In 2003, an Australian research team led by Graham Giles of The Cancer Council Australia concluded that frequent masturbation by males appears to help prevent the development of prostate cancer.

A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity. This is consistent with an article on the benefits against prostate cancer. However, the article notes that "The question of causation is complex... several explanations are possible".

Masturbation is also seen as a sexual technique that protects individuals from the risk of contracting sexually transmitted diseases. Support for such a view, and for making it part of the American sex education curriculum, led to the dismissal of US Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders during the Clinton administration. A 2011 study from Indiana University supports the assertion. After taking age and partner status into account, the study showed that sexually active boys who masturbated regularly were eight times more likely to have used a condom during their last intercourse than other boys. This positive outcome has been observed in other studies and has been the basis of public health policy in Great Britain promoting masturbation.

Some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout. Masturbation makes most people feel good and can sometimes replace sexual intercourse when one cannot find a partner. It can also prepare one for sexual intercourse.

A small study has shown that a test group which only had intercourse experienced, as a whole, lower blood pressure in stressful situations than those who had intercourse but also had masturbated for one or more days.

Objects inserted into the vagina or anus should be clean and should not be able to scratch or break. Care should be taken not to fully insert anything into the anus — any object used should have a flared or flanged base; otherwise, medical help may be needed to get it out. Modern dildos and anal plugs are designed with this feature.

Masturbation involving both a man and a woman (see "mutual masturbation") can result in pregnancy only if semen contacts the vulva. Masturbation with a partner can also theoretically result in transmission of sexually transmitted diseases by contact with bodily fluids.

A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma or injury during intercourse may rarely sustain a penile fracture or suffer from Peyronie's disease. Phimosis is "a contracted foreskin (that) may cause trouble by hurting when an attempt is made to pull the foreskin back". In these cases, any energetic manipulation of the penis can be problematic.

Lawrence I. Sank observed that masturbating prone (lying face downward) could be responsible for sexual problems in some men, including anorgasmia and erectile dysfunction, as observed in four men he examined. He coined the term "traumatic masturbatory syndrome" to describe this theory. As of 2007, no follow-up research has been conducted and the idea is not familiar or widely held within the medical community. Some sources, however, give credence to the idea. One sex therapist condemned masturbation by rubbing against a pillow or mattress and Lipsith et al. suggest that masturbation could play a part in male psychogenic sexual dysfunction (MPSD), citing Sank as their authority. MPSD is a difficulty in reaching orgasm during intercourse and developing a dependence on masturbation.

Masturbating frequently presents no physical, mental or emotional risk in itself, but masturbation can be used to relieve boredom or stress. In either case, as with any "nervous habit", it is more helpful to consider the causes of the boredom or of the stress, rather than try to repress the behavior itself.

There is some discussion between professionals and other interested parties as to the existence or validity of sexual addictions. Nevertheless, there are lists of warning signs such as when sexual activity affects a person's ability to function in everyday life, or is placing them at risk, for example, of pursuing illegal or destructive activities. Very frequent and compulsive masturbation may be seen as a sign of sexual addiction.

Immanuel Kant considered masturbation a violation of one's duty to one's self and an unnatural act, stating it was against natural law. Sigmund Freud regarded masturbation as unhealthy. Margaret Sanger frequently stated that masturbation was unwise.

Many songs are about masturbation but avoid using the actual word. The song Longview by Green Day has a line that starts, "When masturbations lost its fun."

Not only humans masturbate, animals do too. The following animals have been seen masturbating: dogs, several kinds of monkeys and apes, cows, horses, whales, bats, and sheep. Even birds and reptiles masturbate (turtles, for example). In this case, this does not only affect animals that were domesticated, and live in captivity, but also includes wild animals, of both sexes. Bears have been documented to masturbate, while they watch other bears mating.

Techniques used vary: Manual stimulation using hands, paws, feet, or tail is common, but autofellatio also occurs: Animals rub their penis against the belly, or against other objects. Some species have been known to make tools that help them masturbate. Some species have shown to ejaculate spontaneously, without being stimulated first. Certain species are known to also stimulate other erogenous zones, such as the nipples, or the antlers in deer. Female mammals often masturbate by stimulating the clitoris, which is present in all mammal species.


Animation

Derived from the Latin word for "soul", animation is a way of making a movie from many still images. The images are put together one after another, and then played at a fast speed to give the illusion of movement. 

Animation is a relatively new art form, and though the idea of moving images has been a theme throughout ancient civilizations, it was not until late into the 19th century that experimental animation truly began. Today, the industry of animation is booming, making up a huge commercial enterprise. 

A person who makes animations is called an "animator." 

There are three ways to animate:


Because it is expensive to make, most animation comes from professional companies. However, independent animators have existed since the 1950s in America, with many of those people entering the professional industry. In Europe, the independent movement has existed since the 1910s, with animators like pre-revolutionary Russia's Ladislas Starevich and Germany's Lotte Reiniger.

Many people use a computer animation program called Adobe Flash to create animations. Flash uses a combination of drawing and computer graphics to make animations. Many animations on the internet are made in Flash. Most animators on the internet do not work for professional companies.

Many television shows, especially those made for children, use limited animation. Companies such as UPA and Hanna-Barbera Productions do this. Simple, limited movement makes the images easier to draw, which allows faster and cheaper production of animation.










Confucius

Confucius (born 551 BC, died 479 BC) was an important Chinese educator and philosopher. His original name was Kong Qiu or Zhong Ni. 
As a child, he was eager to learn about everything, and was very interested in rituals. Although he grew up in extreme poverty, it did not stop his curiosity from growing. He was a very dedicated student, especially in his teenage years. Its not known how he received his formal education, but he mastered many subject of the arts. Once he grew up, he worked as a state official who handled farms and cattle. Then he became a teacher.

Confucius lived in a time when many states were fighting wars in China.
This period was called the Spring and Autumn period of the Zhou Dynasty.
Confucius did not like this and wanted to bring order back to society.

Like Socrates, Confucius sometimes did not answer philosophical questions himself.
Instead he wanted people to think hard about problems and to learn from others, especially from history.
Confucius also thought that people should get power because they were good and skilled, and not just because they came from powerful families.

Confucius wanted people to think about other people more than about money or what they owned.
However he also felt that there should be strong rules in society and that people needed to obey them.
Confucius thought that there were five relationships people could have, and that they all had their own rules.
Two people could be
These were traditional relationships called the 'five prototypes'.
Confucius said that in all these relationships, both people must obey rules.
For example, a subject must obey a prince, but also a prince must listen to a subject and must rule him well and fairly.

Confucius said that people should only do things to other people if they would be okay with other people doing those things to themselves.
This is sometimes called the Golden Rule and was also taught by Jesus Christ.

His students wrote down small stories about him, and things that he said.
These were put together to make a book called The Analects, which became one of the main books of Confucianism.

Consciousness

Consciousness means being awake, alert and responsive to the environment. The definition of consciousness may differ in psychology, neuroscience, philosophy and other related sciences. It is often disputed amongst academics and scientists.

Consciousness is a range of mental states. There are several states between a fully conscious state and a fully unconscious state. In medicine, the degree of "loss of consciousness" is measured by using Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS); a score between 3 and 15 is given to each person at any time, to show how conscious he or she is. Higher scores show more conscious states.

It seems that many decisions are made without us being aware of it. Some think that these decisions are made by what is called the unconscious mind. There are also many body functions which we do not notice until they go wrong. These activities are done by the autonomic nervous system. Breathing and the beat of one's heart can be noticed but are controlled by nervous system without thought.

It is not known what causes consciousness. So, it is difficult to know if another person or thing is indeed conscious. The best we can say is that some animals do seem to be conscious of the world around them. We ourselves assume that others have consciousness, but this is notoriously difficult to prove. This is known in philosophy as "the problem of other minds".

Architect

An architect is a person who designs buildings and prepares plans to give to a builder. What he designs is called architecture. Stafans make drawings with pens, pencils, and computers, and this is also called drafting. Sometimes he first make small toy-sized buildings called models to show what the building will look like when it is done. Some of these models survive for hundreds of years, such as O.S Moamogo, South Africa.

Architects decide the size, shape, and what the building will be made from. Architects need to be good at math and drawing. They need imagination. They must go to university and learn how to make a building's structure safe so that it will not collapse. They should also know how to make a building attractive, so that people will enjoy using it.

Although there has been architecture for thousands of years, there have not always been architects. The great European cathedrals built in the Middle Ages were designed by a Master Builder, who scratched his designs on flat beds of plaster. Paper did not exist in Europe at this time and vellum or parchment were very expensive and could not be made in large sizes.

Some cathedrals took hundreds of years to build, so the Master Builder would die or retire and be replaced and often plans changed. Some cathedrals were never finished, like Notre Dame in Paris or Sagrada Família in Barcelona.

An architect has a very important job, because his or her work will be seen and used by many people, probably for a very long time. If the design, materials and construction are good, the building should last for hundreds or even thousands of years. This is rarely the case.

Usually building cost is what limits the life of a building, but fire, war, need or fashion can also affect things. As towns and cities grow, it often becomes necessary to make roads wider, or perhaps to build a new train station. Architects are employed again and so the city changes. Even very important buildings may get knocked down to make way for change.

Famous architects include: Frank Lloyd Wright, Fazlur Khan, Bruce Graham, Edward Durell Stone, Daniel Burnham, Adrian Smith, Frank Gehry, Gottfried Böhm, I. M. Pei, Antoni Gaudí, and Oscar Niemeyer.


La Jolla, San Diego

La Jolla is a neighborhood in the city of San Diego, in the state of California, in the United States. It is pronounced "La Hoya".

The University of California, San Diego is in La Jolla. Another famous place in La Jolla is the Salk Institute. 

It is the birthplace of the Hollywood actor, Gregory Peck.

Arch

An arch is an opening in a building that is curved on top to distribute the weight. The curved part can be round, like part of a circle, or pointed, like two parts of circles next to each other. Arches are often used where buildings are made of many small stones or bricks. The stone at the very top of the arch, called the keystone, keeps the rest of the arch stones from falling down. Arches can go over doorways and windows. Many bridges are arch bridges including ones made of steel. A series of arches is an arcade. 

Arches can be found in nature. These natural arches form through the erosion of cliffs.

Arches can have many forms, but they can be sorted into three categories: circular, pointed and parabolic.


Vagina

The vagina is a part of the female body. It is between the perineum and the urethra. The vaginal opening is much larger than the urethral opening. It is a tube leading from the uterus to the outside of the body. Menstrual fluid (red, blood-filled liquid lost during menstruation) leaves the body through the vagina. During sexual intercourse, the penis is put into the vagina. During birth, the vagina opens to let the baby come out from the uterus. The vagina is reddish-pink in color, though colors may vary.

Between the ages of 9-15 years, the vagina and uterus get bigger. The uterus is the organ in which a baby grows. The external opening of the vagina leading to the vulva, between the legs. A clear or whitish fluid may start to flow out of the vagina to keep it clean.

The opening to the vagina is located behind the urethral opening and in front of the perineum.
The vagina is the tube leading from the uterus to the outside of the body. The opening is between the legs, inside the labium, behind the opening to the urethra, and in front of the anus.

The vagina is an elastic, muscular tube. It starts at the cervix and ends at the vulva. It is about wide, and long. During sexual intercourse and childbirth, the vagina gets wider and bigger. It has to be lubricated to stay clean and allow sexual intercourse and childbirth. It is lubricated partially by the Bartholin's glands. This lubrication also allows sperm easier access to fertilize an ovum.

Like many tissues, the vagina has a natural biome, a flora and fauna of microscopic organisms. The vagina is an interface between the host and the environment. Its surface is covered by a protective epithelium where bacteria and other microorganisms grow. The ectocervix (that's the vaginal part of the cervix) is not sterile.

The vagina releases blood and tissue during menstruation. Tampons or other products can be used to absorb some of the blood.

When a woman is aroused, she has pleasurable feelings in her genital region. The vagina gets up to wide. It can get bigger with more stimulation. During sexual intercourse, the man's penis is placed in the woman's vagina. The vagina is warm and soft, and it places pressure on the man's penis. That can feel good for both partners and usually makes the man have an orgasm after repeated thrusts. For orgasm in women, the vagina has significantly fewer nerve endings than the clitoris, and therefore rubbing or applying other consistent pressure against the clitoris is usually needed to help the woman have an orgasm. During the man's orgasm, he ejaculates semen from his penis into the vagina. The semen contains sperm. The sperm can move from the vagina into the uterus to fertilize an egg and make a woman pregnant.

The G-spot may be a highly sensitive area near the entrance inside of the human vagina. If stimulated, it leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation in some women. Some doctors and researchers who specialize in the anatomy of women believe that the G-spot does not exist, and that if it does exist, it is an extension of the clitoris.

During birth, the vagina acts as a pathway for the baby to leave the mother's body. The vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth.

Sperm needs to be deposited at the top of the vagina near the cervix and fertilize the ovum (egg) if pregnancy is to occur. In a normal childbirth, babies come out through the vagina.



Breast

The breast is an organ on the mid to upper chest area. It is just below the shoulders near the center of the upper chest region of humans and other primates. Humans have two breasts. 
Both boys and girls have breasts at birth. During puberty, the breasts on women grow larger and more visible. 
The breasts have glands that produce milk. Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her baby with milk from her breasts.

Men also have breasts. They are built the same way as those of women, but are usually smaller, Men cannot use their breasts for breastfeeding. Their breasts will usually not produce milk, but might become larger and produce milk during some diseases or with some hormonal medical treatments.

Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones, mainly estrogen.

The appearance and size of the breasts of a woman may vary due to genetic factors, and the amount of fatty and connective tissue. Hormones also play a role.

Estrogen promotes the growth of mammary glands and ducts, while progesterone induces milk-producing cells to develop. Prolactin and oxytocin stimulate milk production. Oxytocin also causes milk to be spurted from a lactating breast.

The two breasts usually are not equal in size — one may be larger than the other, but this is common.

During menopause, as levels of estrogen decrease, tissue in the breasts reduce as well, and the breasts may start sagging. A study showed that breastfeeding does not cause sagging. Factors that do influence sagging are the size of the breast (before the first pregnancy), number of pregnancies, body mass index, smoking, age and certain physical disorders.
The center of the breast is the nipple. The areola is a circular area around the nipple. The breast contains mammary glands. Each breast has 15 to 20 milk ducts. Ducts carry the milk produced by these glands to the nipples. After a woman has a baby, her breasts undergo lactation — the production of natural milk.

Feeding babies milk is called breastfeeding or "nursing".

The breasts of a woman also play a role in human sexual behavior. They are one of the most visible or obvious female secondary sex characteristics. They play an important role in sexual attraction of partners. They can also give pleasure to the individual. When sexually stimulated, the size of the breasts increases, venous patterns across the breasts become more visible, and nipples grow harder. During sexual intercourse, it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands.
Breast Tickling sometimes also happens and is done by placing your hands underneath her breasts and tickling upwards.
Breast Tickling can also be done on the top, the sides and her nipples.
Breasts are sensitive to touch as they have many nerve endings. Oral stimulation of nipples and breasts is also common. Some women can achieve "breast orgasms". In the ancient Indian work the "Kama Sutra", marking breasts with nails and biting with teeth are explained as erotic.




Pregnancy

Pregnancy is when a woman or female mammal has an unborn baby inside her. During pregnancy, a female is called "pregnant". A human pregnancy is about 38 weeks long, from conception to childbirth. Usually the mother has one baby at a time. Sometimes the mother has two babies at one time. Two babies are called twins. The mother can have three or more babies at one time. This does not happen very often in humans. Aboout one in 85 pregnancies are of twins, and about one in 7,000 are of triplets. 

Pregnancy usually starts after a woman has sexual intercourse with a man. Her ovum (or egg) and his sperm (seed) come together and form a zygote (fertilized egg) inside her. 

Some people have trouble becoming pregnant. This is called "infertility". Women and men with infertility may take drugs or have surgery to help a pregnancy start. Some people use treatments that are not natural, like in vitro fertilization, to become pregnant with the help of a doctor.

When the woman's egg and the man's seed come together, it makes one cell called a "zygote". The zygote grows into an embryo, which grows into a fetus. When the fetus is ready, the baby is born. 

Human pregnancy is divided into three parts called "trimesters". A trimester is about three months long. During the first trimester, the woman might feel ill in her stomach. She might have to urinate often. During the second trimester, the woman's abdomen starts to stick out. During the third trimester, her abdomen sticks out even more, and she becomes even heavier. 

At the end of a full pregnancy, the woman's body pushes the baby out through her vagina. This is called "delivering a baby" or "giving birth". Mothers can get help for birth from a midwife, nurse, or doctor. In some places, mothers give birth at home. In other places, mothers give birth in a hospital. Mothers who are ill or hurt may need to go to a hospital.

Giving birth can hurt a lot at the end. In hospitals, a doctor or midwife can give drugs to the mother to reduce the pain. 

If the baby cannot be pushed out, then a doctor can cut the mother open to take the baby out. This operation is called a Caesarean section. 

The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women says that pregnant women must be given time away from work or equal welfare for her baby without losing her job (Article 11).

Sometimes, people who are teenagers become pregnant. Teenage pregnancies have a set of problems, which need to be carefully considered.

Sometimes there are problems with pregnancies. A miscarriage (spontaneous abortion) is when the baby dies before it is born. A stillbirth is when the baby is dead when it is born. There are also diseases caused by pregnancy. 

Sometimes, women die from giving birth. In developed countries, this is much less common than it used to be. Every year, about 500,000 women die from giving birth, while about 7,000,000 mothers have big problems from giving birth. For example, giving birth can tear the mother's body and cause an obstetric fistula.

A pregnancy can also stop without the baby being born. This is called abortion. Doctors can do things that will stop a pregnancy. Such an abortion is called "induced abortion". Countries have different laws about induced abortions. Some countries allow it, and others do not. In some countries, it is allowed, but only for certain reasons, such as the pregnancy resulting from rape, or a doctor saying that the pregnant woman might die if the pregnancy is not stopped. People also have different opinions about abortion. Often, these are influenced by religious beliefs. 

There are a few diseases that can kill a woman or make her very ill if she has a baby. Having abortions could save the lives or health of these mothers. 

A pregnancy test is something that women use to tell whether they are pregnant. The woman urinates on the stick. If the woman is pregnant, a plus sign or two lines will appear on the stick. If the woman is not pregnant, then a minus sign or one line will appear on the stick.


Forest

A forest is a piece of land with many trees. Forests are important and grow in many places around the world. They are an ecosystem which includes many plants and animals. Many animals live in forests and need them to survive. 

Temperature and rainfall are the two most important things for forests. Many places are too cold or too dry for them. Forests exist from the equator to near the polar regions, but different climates have different kinds of forests. In cold climates conifers dominate, but in temperate zone and tropical climates forests are mainly made up of flowering plants. Different rainfall also makes different kinds of forest.

There are no forests in deserts, just a few trees in places where their roots can get at some underground water. There's quite a lot of water beneath the Sahara desert, and also beneath the Australian desert areas. The general term for this is "groundwater".

Forests contain 80% of the Earth's plant biomass. The total live biomass on Earth is about 550–560 billion tonnes C.

The three major forest biomes are coniferous forests, deciduous forests, and tropical rain forests. More than half of the world's forests are found in only five countries (Brazil, Canada, China, the Russian Federation, and the United States of America). More forests (45 percent) are in the tropics than any other climates.

Coniferous forests stretch across Canada, Alaska, Northern Asia, and Northern Europe. Their main trees are evergreen conifers which produce seeds in cones. 

The weather during the winter is cold, but when snow melts in the spring, some parts of the forest become swamps. There are not many different types of trees in coniferous forests because of the cold weather, and the poor soil. Fallen branches, needles, and dead animals do not decay as fast as in warmer regions. This is why the soil in coniferous forests is not very fertile. Also, only those trees that have adapted to cold weather and poor soil can survive. These trees have flexible branches that support heavy snowfalls. Less water evaporates from their leaves because of the shape of their needles.

Many coniferous trees shade large parts of the soil below them, which keeps many plants from growing on the forest ground. Some animals that live in the coniferous forests are pine martens, deer, bears, caribou, moose, several owls, crossbills, and red squirrels.

Deciduous forests mostly grow in the temperate zone of North America, Europe and Asia. They have a moderate climate during the spring, summer, autumn (fall) and winter, with rainfall of at least 500mm a year. Summers are warm and winters are cold, but not as cold as the northern coniferous forests. In the winter, snow covers the ground and the deciduous trees and plants lose their leaves. The decaying leaves help make the soil rich in nutrients. Many insects, spiders, snails, and worms make their homes in this rich soil. Wild flowers and ferns grow almost everywhere in the spring. New leaves capture the energy of the sun and sprout before the tall trees shadow them. 

During the winter, many birds migrate to warmer climates. Many small animals hibernate or aestivate, in other words, they slow down their metabolism and sleep or stay in their burrows. Some of the other animals just slow down their metabolism and eat food they stored during the summer and fall months. The trees in winter are bare, but with the coming of spring, leaves sprout, birds return, animals are born, and all the forest animals get busy with their lives. Animals that we may see or hear in this biome include bears, deer, raccoons, otters, beavers, foxes, frogs, squirrels, snakes, salamanders, and birds such as woodpeckers, robins (European or American), owls, blue jays and the small birds usually called tits (family Paridae).

Some deciduous forests grow in tropical places that do not have a winter but do have a wet season and a dry season.

Tropical rainforests grow in South America, the Congo, Indonesia and some nearby countries, Hawaii, and north eastern Australia. Tropical rainforests are well named, as it rains here on about half the days. The only season in a tropical rain forest is summer, so plants grow for all 12 months of the year. Trees are tall and thick in the rain forest and they grow so close together that they form a big umbrella of greenery called a canopy. This blocks out most of the sunlight. The air is muggy as it filters through the dense canopy cover of the trees. The light that filters through this tree cover is dim and green. Only along river banks and in places that have been cleared does enough sunlight allow plants to grow on the forest ground.

Millions of species of plants and animals live in the world's tropical forests. Life in the rain forest exists at different levels or layers in the trees. Each layer has a name, such as 'emergent', 'canopy', 'understory', and 'forest floor'. Animal life is found on all levels.

The first forests on Earth were about 380 million years ago), in the later Devonian period. "Archaeopteris" grew to about 10 meters tall (33 feet). The plant was rather fern-like, with deciduous fronds which dropped onto the forest floor. Streams running through the forest picked up fronds, which perhaps stimulated freshwater fishes. "Wattieza" was an even earlier plant which has been claimed as the "first tree". They were also fern-like, reproduced with spores and grew in groups together.

Forests were widespread biomes in the Carboniferous period. The earlier part is called the Mississippian, and the later part is known as the Pennsylvanian in North America.


Barber

A barber is someone who cuts hair and shaves beards. Usually, it is men who go to a barber. Women usually go to hairdressers instead. Barbers sometimes have a pole outside, which is red and white in most countries. Barbering is a most ancient and honorable profession, with a very interesting history. Barbering is the practice of cutting or trimming hair and includes shaving or trimming facial hair. Besides cutting hair, barbers also shampoo and style hair, mostly for male clients. Other duties include scalp treatment, skin care and fitting or grooming hairpieces. In some states, barbers color, highlight or bleach hair.

The main job of a barber is to cut a client's hair. The goal is to improve the appearance of the hair and to adapt styles to the customer's wishes. Barbers also shape and trim beards and mustaches. Instruments such as scissors and combs must be kept sterile and in good condition, and the barber is also responsible for keeping the shop clean by sweeping up hair. Owners of barbershops also order supplies, pay bills and may hire and supervise staff. Good interpersonal skills and a positive attitude are important qualities to have when working as a barber. Examples of famous barbers are Alex Kelly and Cameron Kelly formally known as the Kelly Cutters. Many barbers use these men as examples and aim to also deliver a very high quality service.

With experience, barbers can manage a salon or barber shop, or eventually open their own shop. Advancement is also possible in teaching barbering. Some states combine barbering and cosmetology licenses into one. Some states allow transferring a barbering license from another state without additional formal training, but not all states allow this.

Carpenter

A carpenter is a person who works with wood. They can make cabinets, build houses, or do other things with wood.

Carpenters usually make very good foremen (people who watch over a job) on larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up. Carpenters are always adding to their tools and always learning how to use the new tools, materials, and ways of working with wood.

Many carpenters will choose to focus their skills in one of two broad ranging categories. Rough carpenters will focus on building things that need to be simple and structural. This includes framing for houses, or crates for shipping. Finish carpenters will focus on things that are detailed and artistic. For example, they can be furniture builders, cabinet makers or toy makers. Wood carvers are sometimes counted as carpenters.


Electrician

An electrician is a person who fixes the wires and switches so that lights and outlets work the right way. Some electricians work in a building. 

Roof

A roof is the top surface of the building. The plural of 'roof' is 'roofs'. The roof keeps out rain and snow and protects people from the sun. Some roofs are sloped, or pitched, so the rain and snow fall off easily. Some roofs are flat, but even flat roofs have a little bit of pitch so the water can flow away towards a drain. 

"Gable", "hip", "gambrel", "shed" and "mansard" roofs are the main types of pitched roofs. The type of roof on a building helps identify the building style. For example, an American Arts and Crafts style versus a Cape Cod style. Roofs are often covered in asphalt or wood shingles. But they can also be covered in metal, slate, or clay tiles. It can be dangerous to walk on a pitched roof. Some pitched roofs have parts that stick out for windows. These are called dormers. The edges of pitched roofs are called 'eaves'. Often there are gutters and leaders at the eaves, which take away water from the roof.

Flat roofs are usually covered in rubber or types of plastic. You can usually walk on a flat roof. At the edge of a flat roof there is sometimes a parapet. This is to prevents people from falling off the roof. 


Brick

A brick is a man-made building material used to make walls and make places to walk. It is a single unit of a kneaded clay-bearing soil, sand and lime, or concrete material, fire-hardened or air-dried, used in masonry construction.

Bricks are made mostly of clay. They are put into molds or cut with wires, and then baked in an oven. The color of a brick depends on the clay from which it was made.

Masons build brick walls. They join bricks together using mortar.
Bricks can be assembled into many different patterns. The most common pattern is called "running bond". A row of bricks is called a course. 

Bricks used outdoors on the ground are called "pavers". Engineering bricks are used for high load-bearing walls, and for damp-proof courses. They are more expensive, and are made of better clays and fired at a higher temperature.

The oldest shaped bricks found date back to 7500 B.C. They have been found in Çayönü, a place in the upper Tigris area in south east Anatolia, close to Diyarbakir. A bit later, between 7000 and 6395 BC, bricks come from Jericho and Catal Hüyük. 

"Fired" bricks are one of the longest-lasting and strongest building materials. They have been used since about 3000 BC in early Indus Valley cities. Sun-dried mud bricks are much older, and quite satisfactory in hot, dry climates. Fired bricks are much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions. They allow permanent building in regions where the harsher climate prevents the use of mud bricks.

Most bricks from all places tend to be about the same size: ~9 x ~4¼ x ~2½ inches or 250 × 120 × 65 mm. This is because they are picked up by the brickie in one hand, while in his other hand is a trowel with cement on it.

Just as bricks are ancient (probably Neolithic in origin), so is cement. That is (in comparison) a more recent invention. The ancient Greeks and Romans used cement. Older civilizations knew, however, that bricks needed to be stuck together. The Babylonians and Assyrians used bitumen to bind together burnt brick or alabaster slabs. Bitumen comes out of the ground naturally in a few places. It is a black oily substance of organic origin, like oil or pitch.

In Ancient Egypt, stone blocks were cemented together with a mortar made of sand and roughly burnt gypsum (CaSO · 2HO), which often contained calcium carbonate (CaCO).

San Diego, California

San Diego () is the second largest city in the U.S. state of California and eighth largest in the United States. It is at the southwest corner of California, as well as the southwest corner of the continental United States. It was founded in 1769 and it is the oldest city in California. The mayor of San Diego as of 2020 is Todd Gloria.

It has comfortable weather most of the year. There are several military bases in and near San Diego. It has many beaches along the Pacific Ocean. The San Diego Zoo is very famous.

San Diego is home to San Diego State University, the University of California, San Diego, and .

San Diego is on the international Mexico–United States Border. The city of Tijuana is just across the Mexican border.

San Diego is home to the San Diego Padres baseball team.

Heroin, fentanyl, alcohol, and prescription drug addiction are common addiction types in San Diego. In 2017, there were 273 unintentional prescription-related deaths in San Diego County and 7,505 opioid-related visits to emergency rooms. From 2016 to 2017 there was a 115% increase of fentanyl-related deaths in San Diego. In 2017, there were 357 alcohol-related deaths in San Diego County. Of those deaths, 127 also involved prescription drugs, 15 involved a combination of heroin and prescription drugs, and involved heroin. 15,952 adults were admitted into drug treatment centers in San Diego in 2017. In 2016, an estimated 125 million opioid pills were sold in San Diego County, which equates to nearly 38 pills per person.

Oriole

The oriole ( or Old World oriole) is a bird in the family Oriolidae. They make up the genus Oriolus. Old World orioles are found areas of Africa, Asia and Europe. They are most often found in tropical areas but one species lives in cooler areas. The golden oriole is the only species of Old World oriole which is not a tropical bird.

Many species have bright coloured feathers.

The orioles evolved in Australasia, and later spread to Eurasia. They are not related to the New World oriole. New World orioles are members of the blackbird family "Icteridae" and are native to the Americas .

This is a list of kinds of orioles, in the English and Latin languages:



Feather

Feathers are the things which cover birds. They help keep birds warm. Feathers also protect them from injury. In most kinds of birds, wing feathers help them to fly. These are called flight feathers. 
Some people have their pet birds clipped. This is a procedure where a vet or a groomer cuts a certain amount of feathers to prevent the bird from flying away or simply for medical reasons. 

The main feathers which cover the outside of a bird are called "vaned feathers". Vaned feathers have a stiff center, with soft barbs on the side, which seem like hairs. The center is called a "quill". This type of feather is called pennaceous (= like a pen).

Young birds have small feathers, called "down", which keep them warm, but cannot be used for flying. Down is very soft. Adult birds have down, but also have vaned feathers on top of the down. Down is also used in blankets. Down feathers are just one example of plumaceous feathers (the word means 'fluffy'). Another example is the feathers on flightless birds such as the ostrich.

Birds lose their feathers at certain times. This is called "moulting". By moulting, a bird can replace old feathers with new ones. Many birds moult once every year.

Feathers give birds color. The function of color in birds is extremely important. It includes:

People use feathers for many purposes. In the past, quills were commonly used as pens, and colorful feathers were worn on hats. Many pillows, cushions, mattresses, coats, and quilts are stuffed with down. Feathers are also used by people of many tribes for decoration.

Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen

Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen (born June 13, 1986) are twin American actresses. They have acted in movies and on television series since they were nine months old.

The twins began acting on the ABC series "Full House" between 1987 and 1995, in which both of them played Michelle Tanner.

In the early 1990s, they became the youngest entrepreneurs in Hollywood history by starting the Dualstar Entertainment company.

Later that decade, they acted in "Two of a Kind" and "So Little Time", as well as their own animated series.

They also acted in the movies, "It Takes Two" (1994), "New York Minute" (2003), and many direct-to-video movies and specials.

Merchandise related to the Olsens is still very popular in the teenage market. The Olsens have a clothing line for girls ages 4–14 in Wal-Mart stores across North America, as well as a beauty line called "Mary-Kate and Ashley: Real fashion for real girls".

In mid-2004, Mary-Kate Olsen announced she had entered treatment for an eating disorder, anorexia nervosa. A Got Milk? ad featuring the twins was pulled following the announcement. On November 20, 2007 she was hospitalized for a reported kidney infection.

The twins have bought up a number of fashion labels, and this is now their main activity. In 2012 the girls decided to quit acting permanently and focus on fashion.


The Walt Disney Company

The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate that is headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. Disney was started on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy Disney as Disney Brothers Studio; it also operated under the names Walt Disney Studio and Walt Disney Productions before changing its name to The Walt Disney Company in 1986. Disney is known for Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Cinderella, The Little Mermaid, The Lion King, Mary Poppins, Frozen, Aladdin and Lilo and Stitch. Pixar famous movies are Toy Story and Cars. Marvel Comics well known original comics for Spider-Man and Hulk. Lucasfilm media franchises such as Star Wars and Indiana Jones. Jim Henson original franchise like The Muppets.

In its early, the company established itself as a leader in the animation industry with the short film "Steamboat Willie", which used synchronized sound to become the first post-produced sound cartoon and debuted the widely popular character Mickey Mouse, who would go on to become the company's mascot and corporate icon.

The company's main units are Studio Entertainment, Parks and Resorts, Media Networks and Consumer Products.

This unit, also called the Walt Disney Studios, is headed by Chairman Dick Cook. It consists of:

One of the Studios' largest assets lies in Walt Disney Animation Studios, which has made a successful string of animated movies for almost seven decades. Because of failures with most of their recent additions, it has changed its focus from traditional hand-drawn to CGI movies. Pixar, also owned by Disney, is one of the first studios to create CGI movies. Since 2009, Disney has bought three movie studios: Marvel Comics, Lucasfilm and 20th Century Studios.

On March 20, 2019, The Walt Disney Company bought 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion USD.

Worldwide, Disney has eleven theme parks (as of 2024):

Disney once owned the sports teams, the Angels (baseball) and the Mighty Ducks (ice hockey), both based in Anaheim, California. These teams were later sold to other people.

Disney Enterprises Inc. is a subsidiary of the company; the name is found in many of its franchises.

The ABC television network, which Disney bought in 1995, serves as the center of this unit. Cable television channels within it include Disney Channel, Disney XD, Freeform, ESPN and SOAPnet. It also partly owns Lifetime, A&E and E!.

Buena Vista Television, responsible for the syndication of many Disney series, produces some of its own as well: "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "Live with Regis and Kelly", and "Ebert & Roeper".

Merchandising and licensing within the company are overseen in this division. Disney Publishing Worldwide, part of this unit, has Disney Press, Disney Editions and Hyperion Books as its brands.

It once owned the Disney Store shopping chain until 2004, when it sold all the stores to The Children's Place.




 

Hypercholesterolemia

Hypercholesterolemia means that the cholesterol level is too high in the blood.

Cholesterol is a molecule in cells. It is a type of lipid which is a fat or fat-like molecule. Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid. Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure. This structure is made of four rings of carbon atoms.

Other steroids include hormone steroids like cortisol, estrogen, and testosterone. All steroid hormones are made from changing the basic chemical structure of cholesterol. When scientists talk about making one molecule from changing simpler ones, they sometimes call it "synthesis".

Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell. Cholesterol's main function is as a structural component of cell membranes. It is also the starting material for bile acids that are made by the liver and used to digest fats, and for steroid hormones. However, it is best known for something bad that it does. High levels of cholesterol can lead to atherosclerosis. This is an inflammatory disease of artery walls in which white blood cells invade the vessel wall and become engorged with cholesterol and other lipids. These areas can slowly close off a blood vessel or can suddenly rupture and trigger formation of a blood clot.

Not all cholesterol is bad. There are different kinds of cholesterol in the blood. Doctors often measure these different types to see if someone has hypercholesterolemia.

HDL (high density lipoprotein) is sometimes called 'good cholesterol' because people with high levels of HDL cholesterol have "less" atherosclerosis.

LDL (low density lipoprotein) is sometimes called 'bad cholesterol' because people with high levels of LDL cholesterol have more atherosclerosis.

High blood levels of VLDL (very low density lipoprotein) also causes more atherosclerosis. However, measuring its level in blood is more expensive. So the blood level of triglycerides (a kind of fat) is used instead. High triglycerides are found in people with high VLDL.

The most common type of medicine to treat hypercholesterolemia are 'statin' drugs. They are called 'statins' because their names all end in -statin. They are also called "HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors". This is because they work by "inhibiting" the enzyme HMG-CoA Reductase. Inhibiting an enzyme means to make it work less well.

The HMG-CoA Reductase enzyme causes the body to make more cholesterol. If it is inhibited, the body makes "less" cholesterol. So statin drugs lower the amount of LDL (bad) cholesterol in the blood which stops atherosclerosis from getting worse. Statin drugs can even help make atherosclerosis better. However, statins are not as good at increasing the HDL (good) cholesterol. Low HDL is hard to treat with medicines, but goes up with more exercise.

There are two big problems with taking statins: Liver problems and 'Rhabdomyolysis.'

Rhabdomyolysis means a disease where muscle cells are damaged and die. Statins can cause damage to muscle cells. This can cause weakness and muscle pain. The worse problem though is that when muscle cells die, they release cell proteins into the blood. The kidney removes the muscle protein from the blood. If the kidney takes up too much protein, it can be hurt. If it is bad enough it can cause kidney failure. So if people take statins and get muscle pain or weakness, stop the medicine and see a doctor.

Statins can also cause liver problems. They can cause mild irritation of the liver. They can rarely cause very bad liver damage. Because of this, when someone starts taking a statin, doctors check liver blood tests after six weeks. Doctors also warn patients to watch for the signs of liver damage: pain in the right side of the abdomen, nausea, vomiting, and jaundice.

However, both of these problems are "rare". In someone with hypercholesterolemia, the benefit from statins is more than the risk. This means that someone is more likely to prevent problems than cause problems by taking them. There are many big scientific studies of this problem that show the same thing: if people have hypercholesterolemia and take statins, they are more likely to live longer and be healthier.

There are other kinds of medicines to treat hypercholesterolemia. But statins are the most effective treatment.

"Fibrates" are medicines that lower cholesterol levels. They may also help people with Type II Diabetes. This is a good effect because diabetes and hypercholesterolemia cause some of the same problems. If both diabetes and hypercholesterolemia happen in the same person the problems from these diseases can be much worse. Fibrates can have rhabdomyolysis like the statins and also can cause upset stomach. Use of fibrates and statins at the same time makes rhabdomyolysis happen much more often.

Niacin is a vitamin that lowers cholesterol levels. It is also called Vitamin B3 or nicotinic acid. Severe niacin deficiency in the diet can cause a disease called "Pellagra". This is rare in the developed world today. However, less bad deficiency of niacin can cause high blood pressure, weight gain, and hypercholesterolemia. So sometimes Niacin is used to treat hypercholesterolemia. Niacin is one of the medicines that may make HDL (good) cholesterol go up. The biggest problem with taking enough Niacin to help cholesterol is that it causes severe "flushing" (hot, red, sometimes itchy skin). This 'side-effect' is so bad, sometimes people stop taking the medicine.

Bile Acid Resins are medicines that make people not absorb as much bile when they digest food. This causes them to take up less cholesterol also, which lowers blood levels of cholesterol.

Cholesterol

Cholesterol is a molecule that is found in animal cells and body fluids. Cholesterol is not found in plant sources. It is a type of lipid which is a fat or fat-like molecule. Cholesterol is a soft waxy substance. Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid. Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure. This structure is made of four rings of carbon atoms. Cholesterol is found especially in animal fats.

Cholesterol is the main steroid synthesized by animals. Other steroids include hormone steroids like cortisol, estrogen, and testosterone. These and other steroid hormones are made by changing the basic chemical structure of cholesterol. This is an example of "chemical synthesis".

Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in the blood. High cholesterol levels show that heart disease may develop.


Iowa

Iowa () is a state in the Midwestern United States. Its name comes from the Iowa River, which was named after the Ioway people, one of the Native American tribes that lived in Iowa. Iowa was a part of New France, but was sold to the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase. Its settlers were mostly farmers: Iowa is part of the Corn Belt and is often known as the "Food Capital of the World." However, Iowa's landscape, culture, and economy are diverse, with the economy changing in the second half of the 20th Century to include many kinds of business.

Iowa has about 3,200,000 people . Its capital and largest city is Des Moines. Iowa became a state on December 28, 1846. It was the 29th state to join the United States.

 Iowa is in the Midwestern United States. To the north of Iowa is Minnesota; to the west are Nebraska and South Dakota; to the south is Missouri; and to the east are Illinois and Wisconsin.

The eastern border of the state is marked by the Mississippi River which runs between Iowa and Illinois. The western border is marked by the Missouri and Big Sioux rivers. The northern border is a line 43 degrees, 30 minutes north latitude. The southern border follows the northern border of Missouri. Iowa and Missouri disagreed about the location of the Iowa-Missouri border. This argument was ended by the Supreme Court of the United States in the 1896 case, "State of Missouri v. State of Iowa", after a standoff called the Honey War. The border follows the Des Moines River for the far eastern part of the state and is at close to 40 degrees, 35 minutes north for the rest of the state.

Iowa has 99 counties, but 100 county seats because Lee County has two. The state capital, Des Moines, is in Polk County.

Most of Iowa is considered to be a plain.

The government of Iowa has three branches, similar to the federal government of the United States. The executive branch is headed by the governor, currently Kim Reynolds (R) since May 24, 2017. The legislative branch is the Iowa General Assembly, composed of two houses - the Iowa Senate and the Iowa House of Representatives. The judicial branch is headed by the Iowa Supreme Court under the chief justice, currently Susan Christensen .

There are two major political parties in Iowa, the Iowa Democratic Party and the Republican Party of Iowa, as well as several unofficial third parties. The Republican Party controls the government ; the governor is a Republican and the House and Senate both have Republican majorities.

Iowa sends two senators and four representatives to Congress.
Senators:
Representatives:

There are many farms in Iowa. Iowa is well known for its agriculture. Its main agricultural outputs are hogs, corn, soybeans, oats, cattle, and dairy products. Its industrial outputs include food processing and machinery. Iowa also produces more ethanol fuel than any other U.S. state.


Gender identity

Gender Identity is how a person identifies themselves. A person’s gender identity is based on what label and type they feel most comfortable aligning with. It can change throughout someone’s life, depending on how they feel during that time. Much of dominant society across cultures follows the construction of the gender binary, prescribing that everyone must either be a man or a woman. However, more genders exist outside of male and female. Recent decades have brought new terminology and means of using language to make space for a range of genders. And more importantly, the rise of LGBTQ+ education and rights have brought transgender issues to the attention of the public, as well as the many genders that a person can identify as.


'Transgender' is both an identity label and an umbrella term. A person can identify as a trans woman or trans man, but there are more genders that fall underneath the transgender category. Nonbinary genders (or people who do not identify as male or female) may fall underneath transgender, depending on how the person self-identifies. 'Nonbinary' may be used as a synonym for agender, or someone doesn't identify with a gender, but also may refer to other genders. 

Some gender identities include, but aren't limited to:


Gender expression (also called, "gender presentation") means how a person dresses, looks, and acts, in ways that might affect how other people view their gender. Someone who wears men's clothes and acts in a masculine way has a "male gender expression." Someone who wears women's clothes and acts in a feminine way has a "female gender expression". This is different from "gender identity" because people can choose to look or behave one way even if that is not how they feel inside. Sometimes people call this "gender presentation" or just "presentation".

Gender is a key concept in the field of anthropology. Gender and sex are defined differently in this field. Gender in regards to an individual's identity, and sex being biology determined. Gender identity, while can be tied to sex and biology in some, is not necessarily determined by these factors. Assumptions around gender identity based in biological factors can be false and while sometimes accepted in the mainstream, can be in fact dangerous. The roles and expectations of gender have strong cultural influences as well. Gender across cultures has been studied extensively, regarding the different identities accepted in the mainstream, roles of the genders, and historical trends of them. Gender Identity and expression has extremely common historical roots, and more gender identities outside of the traditional binary are becoming accepted in the mainstream. Acceptance of gender identities that do not exist within a harsh binary is not exclusively a new concept, just one that is becoming more common in current western society. There are various historical examples of gender identities that were not only recognized, but celebrated, outside the traditional cisgender male and female.

'Transgender' is a term that means that the gender assigned at birth (typically 'AMAB' or 'assigned male at birth' and 'AFAB' or 'assigned female at birth') does not match with the gender a person identifies as. The experiences that transgender people have are vast and may differ from one another, although there are sometimes shared experiences. For instance, a transgender person may feel gender dysphoria (but not everyone will be dysphoric). A transgender person may also feel it necessary to medically transition, or take hormones, or a combination of the two. 'Transsexual' is a term that some transgender people may use after receiving sex-reassignment surgeries and medical transition, but depending on who one is talking to, this term may be considered outdated and the person may instead opt to simply continue using the term 'transgender' as their identification.

Some people use the word 'transgender' to mean somewhat different things, as the word has expanded and changed since it was first invented in 1965.

Some factors involved in transgender identification are:

All three of these factors contribute to how a person labels their self, and make gender a confusing construct to navigate. People can have gender presentations that don't match their gender identity, or a gender identity that doesn't match the gender they were assigned at birth, etc. A person whose gender identity matches the gender they were assigned at birth is called 'cisgender'. As time has passed, the growing voice of LGBTQ+ issues and rise of educational resources on the topics of gender and sexuality has allowed for many to learn about transgender issues, and help others with their own gender navigation.

It is possible to have every different combination of sex, gender identity, and gender expression. For example:


There are many people whose gender identity differs from the one they are at birth, but the person hides it due to fear of rejection, laws that do not protect transgender people, being abandoned or cut off by family and friends, and even fear of getting assaulted.

For instance, a woman going on a date may have to grapple with the decision of when and or if she should tell her date that she is transgender. There is the chance that her date will not care that she is transgender and they can carry on, and she will be happy knowing that she can safely be herself around this person. However, there's also the chance that her date will react angrily and misgender her after finding out she is transgender, and maybe even assault her. A person who identifies as nonbinary may keep their identity a secret to their family out of fear of being kicked out and left homeless, or sent to conversion therapy.

Many people go through this fear, so it is very normal to feel scared.

Another issue that has come up recently is one that feminists, who believe one can dress however they want, argue over whether someone claiming to be a woman and deciding to wear a dress
should be treated as a woman based on this self-identification. This is a matter of dispute within the feminist movement. You can wear whatever you want and still be a woman. A transwoman AMAB who wears a dress makes it so that the feminist movement can not move past this idea that women must wear a dress. Women who see themselves as feminists have strong views on both sides of the issue of whether or not trans women are women,to the point that they deny those who hold the opposite view are real feminists.

Women who see feminism as based on fighting against the oppression of biological women based on biological sex often call themselves "gender critical" or "gender abolitionists" (the latter idea based on the expectation of particular dress or behavior being itself oppression). Those who disagree often label these women "Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminists", or "TERFs".

When a person's gender identity and body do not match, they may go to see a doctor. The doctor may help them change their body if that is what they want. A psychiatrist may diagnose this person with Gender identity disorder (gender dysphoria), but medical diagnosis itself is a controversial subject because being transgender has one been considered to be a mental illness, the stigma is still there. Principle 18 of the Yogyakarta Principles, a document about international law on human rights states that "any classifications to the contrary, a person's gender identity is not in and of itself, medical condition". And "Activist's Guide" to them says that "gender identity" or "gender identity disorder" exists still in categories of mental illness, contrary to the "sexual orientation" removed from such categories.

But despite the strides taken to remove the stigma of mental illness in being transgender, gatekeeping by doctors and therapists make most transgender people struggle to achieve their ideal self. In most cases, doctors require therapists to 'diagnose' whether their patient is 'transgender enough' to take hormones or have surgery. And even if you do that diagnosis, a surgeon can refuse to perform surgery on you.

For children about to enter puberty, drugs called puberty blockers can slow down or temporarily stop the process of puberty. This gives the person more time to explore their gender identity and decide if surgery is what they want.


America's Army

America's Army is a multiplayer first-person shooter computer game series. It can be played using Windows, Macintosh, or Linux. It is the official game of the United States Army. The first version was free. It came out on July 4, 2002. It has been updated many times since then. The second important release was "America's Army: Special Forces" in November 2003. "America's Army" was made by the "MOVES Institute" at the Naval Postgraduate School. It is based on the Unreal engine.

"America's Army" is a tactical shooter. "The Boston Globe" called it a "serious game", "part of a new wave of computer simulations that provide entertaining lessons about real-world activities". According to the game's website, America's Army "provides civilians with an inside perspective and a virtual role in today's premier land force: the U.S. Army. The game is designed for verisimilitude and to provide an accurate portrayal of Soldier experiences across a number of occupations. In the game, players will explore progressive individual and collective training events within the game. Once they successfully completed these events they will advance to multiplayer operations in small units."

On February 20, 2005 there were 4.6 million registered players, and 2.7 million of them had finished basic training. Also, there were more than 15,000 servers being used, and 1.3 million rounds being played each day. The game has been changed a lot. This keeps people interested in the game. It can be found as a free download on the Internet or on a CD-ROM at recruiting centers around the United States.

In 1999, Lieutenant Colonel E. Casey Wardynski, a professor at the U.S Military Academy at West Point decided to tell the Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Military Manpower about his idea for an online computer game. His basic idea eventually became America's Army. In the same year, fewer people were joining the army. . Congress decided to use "aggressive, innovative experiments" including America's Army to get more people to join the Army.

The first release was July 4, 2002, and other changes (called patches) were added. On November 6, 2003, version 2.0 of "America's Army: Special Forces" was made. (Go here for more information about the different version). The Army is spending about USD$3 million a year to make more versions of the game.

Another AA version called "America's Army: Rise of a Soldier" is available on Playstation 2 and Xbox. This version was developed by UbiSoft. 

Since "America's Army" was created, people have complained about its purpose. People have argued about the Army using its money to make a game. They are also worried about how this game will change people's lives.

In "America's Army" there are teams of soldiers fighting in a war. The person who is playing controls a soldier of the "US Army" from the character's eyes. This is called first person.
Players fight as either the US Army or Indigenous forces ("IF"). They fight against a team called "OPFOR" (Army lingo for "Opposing Forces"). There are different kinds of OPFORs called "insurgents", "enemy forces" or "terrorists".

One of "America's Army"'s different features is the way the enemies are. The players are split into two different teams. There is usually an "assault" group and a "defense" group. The "assault" loses the round if the time limit runs out, which is usually ten minutes.

The players on each team see themselves as American soldiers with American weapons, such as the "M16A2". Their opponents look like non-uniformed people with Eastern bloc weapons, like the "AK-47" (the counterpart of the "M16A2" in the game). In training maps the only distinguishing features are the players' uniforms. The development team did this to make the game realistic for players on both sides. They allowed everyone to play on the side of the American forces. They also avoided the problem of asking players to kill American soldiers.

On the Special Forces maps, players can also play as non-uniformed people with Eastern bloc weapons (known as Indigenous forces ("IF") in the game), but be on the same team as regular army forces.

This is confusing to many players because when they pick up an enemy weapon, it works differently than the US version. An AK-47 removed from a fallen opponent is fully automatic, more powerful, but less accurate than his M16. But when his opponent had it, to him it "was" an M16. The important thing is that each weapon behaves as the owner sees it. It transforms when it is picked up. If people pay a lot of attention might notice that the enemies weapons behave wrong, but it is hard to notice.

Every round starts with both teams spawning at the same time. Players can join the other team, but cannot play as the OPFOR. Equipment is not bought but selected through choosing a class.

The goal of the game is to complete the objectives, kill the enemy team. For example, one objective could be to kill the "V.I.P.", who is trying to survive and escape. If a player joined the other team, he would have to protect the same V.I.P. The round is over if a team wins0, or if the time limit is reached. For a listing of missions gohere.

The game remembers how many people each player has killed, how many times each team has won, how many times each player has been killed, and how well the player is completing the objectives. The game then distributes score which calculates the player's "Honor" level.

Every time a player is killed, every time he fails to protect an objective which he is assigned to defend, and especially every killing of teammates or his allies caused by friendly fire is called a violation of the "ROE" (Rules of engagement) in the game and has an extremely negative effect on his score and "Honor". If too many points are lost in a round, the player is put in "jail" and kicked out of the server. As of February 2005 95.2% of AA players had 0-20 HONOR points, 3.3% had 20-40 points, 1% had 40-60, and .4% had 61-80 points.

Every healing of injured teammates and every killing of opponents increases a players score and "Honor". Completing the game's missions affects a player's score in a good way and his "Honor" points as well. The score is saved in the player's account that was being used. Some servers only allow players with certain Honor levels to join. The most common is to not let anyone with less than 10 Honor in because this is the base level that everyone starts with. Some also do not let players with too much Honor in. The developers say that "Honor" is based on the values of the Army: "Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Service, Honor, Integrity and Personal Courage or Leadership". Its main purpose in the game is stop "team-killing", which is a problem in a lot of online first-person shooters (see team killer).

The game depicts real guns. The guns have all the same traits as the real versions. Each gun has different accuracy, power, recoil, and rate of jamming. To aim, there are cross-hairs and iron sights.

Players may select a "class" like "squad leader", "rifleman", "automatic rifleman", "grenadier", or "sniper"; these classes decide what weapon the player will have at the beginning of each round. Some players from each team may be "medics". Medics can help their teammates get better after they get shot. Being a medic is an extra ability which is added to the class. The Honor points are used to decide which players gets which class. Players with more Honor usually get to pick their class first.

Each gun also can jam in action. When a gun jams it means that it stops working because a part is stuck. The player then needs to press a button to fix the gun. This can be a problem because it makes it so that the player cannot shoot for a few seconds. AA was the first game ever to have player's guns jam.

Every firearm in the game has either iron sights or a telescopic sight (for sniper rifles); while using the sights, a zoom effect enlarges objects in view. The iron sights enlarge to a small degree, the telescopic sights to large one. Until he stops zooming, the player's moving speed is additionally decreased.

In the first few versions, weapons could only hurt players and glass. For example, a grenade could not destroy a television but a gun could put a bullet hole in the screen. Compared to most games, the grenades and are more deadly. They tried to make the blast radius of grenades more like real life than it usually is in other games. Getting hurt by weapons always leads to some bleeding, which causes a player's health gauge to go down over time. Injuries make players slower, they also make it harder for the player to shoot where they are aiming. Sometimes, if the player does not get help from a medic, they will die.

In the newer versions of the game players can make changes to their weapons. For example, the M4 Carbine can be change in different ways and let the soldier have features that work better on a certain map. For example, on a large map a scope and a bi-pod might be picked, but in a city a player might choose only iron sights and a M203 grenade launcher.

Every player starts the round with one or two guns, some grenades and, on some maps, night vision goggles or binoculars. A list of the weapons is here:



The map list is sorted by the version they were released with, with newer maps coming first. The game currently has 28 multiplayer maps and 14 single player training missions. Completing these training missions unlocks things like the ability to play online or to become a medic, a special forces unit or a sniper. Maps have different sizes, objectives, and weapons that players can have. 
However, no known custom maps have been made because there is no level editor for the game and the developers made it impossible for players to use the level design computer program "UnrealEd", which works for other Unreal engine games.


Newest Version is 2.8.3.1

Version 2.7 came out June 2006

Version 2.6 is available for Microsoft Windows, Linux and for Mac OS X.



Heterosexuality

Heterosexuality is a sexual orientation. Heterosexual people are sexually attracted to the opposite gender, and this may involve romantic feelings, or sexual activity. Another less formal word for heterosexual is "straight".

People who are not heterosexual may be homosexual, bisexual or asexual. Many people in Western society are heteronormative, which means that they believe that heterosexuality is better than other forms of sexuality. This often leads to discrimination.

Sexual orientation is thought to be caused by genetics and hormones when a baby is growing in its mother. Hormones play a role in making men and women have differences in a region of the brain called the sexually dimorphic nucleus, which is involved in sexual attraction. Men have larger clusters in the hypothalamus than women, similar to other mammals.

In the Catholic Church and many Christian churches as well as in Islam and Judaism, a marriage can only be made in a heterosexual pair - man and woman. Marriage that is done in homosexual pair is often seen as a serious sin by those religions.



Hate crime

A hate crime is when someone breaks a law by hurting another person because of prejudice against a group the victim belongs to. Normally, a hate crime is not caused in any way by something the victim did or said, but just because of who they are. Hate crime is often in the form of physical violence, but can also be vandalism and damage to property, insults or other hurtful words, or other violations of human rights. People often commit hate crime because of prejudice about the victim's sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, gender identity, class, sexual orientation, age, or other things about them. 

The term "hate crime" was first used in the 1980s in the United States, when crimes caused by bias against certain types of people were being talked about in the media. Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group. This intimidation can be seen as terrorism when it is carried out on a large scale.

In 2009, the Matthew Shepard Act has changed the definition of a hate crime in the law of the United States. It says that crimes which were committed because of the victim's sexual orientation, gender identity or disability are hate crimes. It is the first law that protects transgender people. 

People victimized by violent hate crimes are more likely to experience more psychological distress than victims of other violent crimes. Specifically, victims of crimes that are bias-motivated are more likely to experience post-traumatic stress, safety concerns, depression, anxiety and anger than victims of crimes that are not motivated by bias. Hate crimes send messages to members of the victim’s group that they are unwelcome and unsafe in the community, victimizing the entire group and decreasing feelings of safety and security. Furthermore, witnessing discrimination against one’s own group can lead to psychological distress and lower self-esteem.


Gay bashing

Gay bashing and gay bullying is when someone attacks a person or group of people because they are gay or lesbian or bisexual or transgender.

Studies show that bullying happens to people who are gay or lesbian more often than to others in general. As teenagers, gay young men are more likely to be bullied than lesbians.
Gay bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech.



Emergency medicine

Emergency Medicine is a specialty of medicine. A specialty is a special part of medicine where a doctor may have more knowledge. Examples are Pediatrics (doctors who care for children), Geriatrics (doctors who care for elderly people), and Cardiology (doctors who know more about the heart.)

Emergency Medicine (abbreviation EM) is sometimes also called "Accident and Emergency Medicine" (AEM). 

EM doctors specialize in treating diseases and injuries that need "immediate" care. These kind of diseases or injuries are called "emergencies". If they are not helped quickly, the person may become more sick or even die.

Doctors that specialize in EM usually work in Emergency Departments. This is also called a casualty department or Emergency room. These are places in hospitals where people go if they have an emergency. They may have a red cross or red letters on the sign to show it is the Emergency Department. This way, even people who cannot read know where to go.

Doctors who specialize in EM must know some about all of the different specialties of medicine. They treat people of all ages. They treat both men and women. They must know how to treat any kind of emergency. But they may not know "quite" as much about the "chronic" treatments of diseases over years. However, many people come to the Emergency Department with problems that are not emergencies. So EM doctors must also know about how to treat "non"-emergencies.

Berkeley, California

Berkeley is a city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. It is famous for the college, University of California, Berkeley, where many political protests were held in the 1960s. It is also famous for its gourmet food and art scenes. Also, it is the native city of the punk band Green Day. BOINC or the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing was created at the University of California in Berkeley.

Berkeley is on the San Francisco Bay's eastern shore, north of Oakland. It is in Alameda County.

Medical specialty

Medicine is a very complex field. In the past, a doctor could learn almost all that we knew about medicine. Now that is impossible. So after finishing medical school, young doctors choose what kind of doctor they wish to be. After school, they usually do more years of training to learn about the kind of medical specialty they want to do.

Some doctors try to learn "some" about all of the different subjects of medicine and how to treat all patients. These doctors are called 'primary care' doctors or "primary care physicians" (PCPs). Sometimes they are also called 'generalists' or even 'general practitioners.' In the United States, these kind of doctors are sometimes called family practitioners or family medicine doctors. When a problem is strange or complex, they give it to a specialist. 

There are other doctors who are also 'primary care' doctors. Pediatricians are primary care doctors, but only for children. Internists are primary care doctors for adults. Some gynecologists do primary care, but for women only.

Other doctors are called 'specialists'. This means they have learned more about certain types of medical care. For example:

In the broadest meaning of 'medicine', there are many different specialties. However, within medical circles, there are two broad categories: "Medicine" and "Surgery." 
There are some medical specialties that do not fit into either of these categories, like radiology, pathology, and anesthesia.

In the U.S., all specialties must pass all three steps of the national medical board examinations. Steps I and II happen during medical school. Step III happens during intern year, where a person works as a student at a hospital. 

After a person passes these exams, they then have to pass more exams that are specifically about their specialty. These tests are both written and oral. 

A doctor is board-certified in their specialty after: 
There are only a few training spots per specialty each year, so some specialties can be very competitive. Some medical students do not get to train in the specialty they want. Other specialties do not have nearly enough doctors. This can happen because not enough doctors apply for training spots; because more training spots are needed; or because many people fail out of their training program. 

Surgical training requires at least five years of residency after medical school. Sub-specialties of surgery often require seven or more years. In addition, fellowships can last another one to three years. Because fellowships can be competitive, many trainees spend another two years on research. Because of this, for some people, their surgical training will not finish until more than a decade after medical school. 

Surgical training can be very difficult and can take a lot of time. An average surgical resident works 75 hours per week. 

Some subspecialties of surgery, like neurosurgery, require even longer hours. Residents training in these specialties often work 80 hours a week. Officially, these specialties only allow their residents to work up to 88 hours per week. However, many surgical programs still require residents to work more than 88 hours a week. 

Attempts to limit the amount of hours that surgical residents work have been difficult, because: 

Medical training, unlike surgical training, requires three years of residency training after medical school. Doctors can then do a one- to two-year fellowship in their subspecialty. In general, medical residents work less hours than surgical residents.

Pediatrics

Pediatrics is the specialty of medicine that cares for infants, children, and adolescents. The ages can vary from the early months until 18-21. A person who works in pediatrics is called a pediatrician. 

Pediatricians can be primary care doctors or they can be specialists.

Pediatricians take care of diseases that children get. They also make sure that children develop normally and try to prevent illness. One of the most important ways that children's diseases can be prevented is by immunization. Immunization is also called vaccination.

In the nineteenth century, one in five children died before the age of five. Most of these deaths were from infectious diseases. Today "some" of these deaths are prevented by treating disease when it happens. Most of it is from preventing disease with immunizations.

Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen. They teach parents about safety and nutrition. They may teach older children or "adolescents" about avoiding injury or addiction to alcohol and tobacco. Because childhood is such a time of change, prevention is a major part of pediatrics.

Many pediatricians work as primary care doctors. This type of pediatrician conducts regular health and wellness checkups. They also diagnose and treat a wide range of common health conditions, give vaccinations, and provide appropriate health advice to young people and their parents or caregivers.


Jenna Bush Hager

Jenna Welch Hager (née Bush; born November 25, 1981) is an American news personality, author, and journalist. She is the co-host of "Today with Hoda & Jenna", the fourth morning news program of "Today." Hager is the daughter of the 43rd president of the United States, George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush. Hager is also a granddaughter of the 41st president of the United States, George H. W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush.

Uncyclopedia

Uncyclopedia is an encyclopedia that parodies Wikipedia, calling itself "the content-free encyclopedia". It is a parody website.

Uncyclopedia was started by Jonathan Huang and his friend named "Stillwaters". It was made on January 5, 2005. Uncyclopedia's logo is a hollow potato named Sophia. Its color is desert sand. This makes fun of Wikipedia's globe logo.

It's a joke wiki that pretends to be useful. Every page is filled with made up facts and jokes. Users make fun of things by creating pages about them.

They have a guide on writing called HTBFANJS (How To Be Funny And Not Just Stupid). This page helps users learn how Uncyclopedia is not like Wikipedia. It also helps people write so it matches the rest of Uncyclopedia.Most encyclopedias try not to have opinions on things. They just try to tell facts. Uncyclopedia has its own opinions about things. These opinions are often silly. For example, Uncyclopedia thinks that Oscar Wilde was the best man ever. These opinions become memes that are added into jokes all over Uncyclopedia.


Esperanto

Esperanto is a constructed auxiliary language. Its creator was L. L. Zamenhof, a Polish eye doctor. He created the language to make international communication easier. His goal was to design Esperanto in such a way that people can learn it much more easily than any other national language.

At first, Zamenhof called the language ', which means "The International Language" in Esperanto. Soon, people began calling it by the simpler name ', which means "one who hopes". That name comes from "" ("Doctor who hopes"), which is what Zamenhof called himself in his first book about Esperanto.

There are people who speak Esperanto in many countries and in all the major continents. No one knows exactly how many people now speak Esperanto in the world. Most sources say that there are between several hundred thousand and two million Esperanto speakers. A few people grew up speaking Esperanto as their first language. There may perhaps be around 2,000 of these people. Therefore, Esperanto is the most-used constructed language in the world.

A person who speaks or supports Esperanto is often called an "Esperantist".

L. L. Zamenhof created Esperanto. He grew up in Białystok, a town that was in the Russian Empire, but is now in Poland. People in Białystok spoke many languages. Zamenhof saw conflicts between individual ethnic groups living there (Russians, Poles, Germans and Jews). He thought that lack of a common language caused these conflicts, so he began creating a language people could share and use internationally. He thought this language should be different from national languages. He wanted it to be culturally neutral and easy-to-learn. He thought people should learn it along with national languages and use Esperanto for communication between people with different native languages.

First, Zamenhof thought about bringing Latin back into use. Although he learned it in school, he realized it was too difficult for normal use. He also studied English and understood that languages did not need to conjugate verbs by person or number. Once he saw two Russian words: "швейцарская" (reception, derived from "швейцар" - receptionist) and "кондитерская" (confectionery, derived from "кондитер" - confectioner). These words with the same ending gave him an idea. He decided that regular prefixes and suffixes could decrease the number of word roots, which one would need for a communication. Zamenhof wanted the root words to be neutral, so he decided to use word roots from Romance and Germanic languages. Those languages were taught in many schools in many places around the world at that time.

Zamenhof did his first project "Lingwe uniwersala" (Universal Language) in 1878. But his father, a language teacher, regarded his son's work as unrealistic. So, he destroyed the original work. Between 1879 and 1885 Zamenhof studied medicine in Moscow and Warsaw. In these days he again worked on an international language. In 1887 he published his first textbook ' ("The International Language"). According to Zamenhof's pen-name ' ("Doctor who hopes"), many people started calling the language as "Esperanto".

Zamenhof received a lot of enthusiastic letters. In the letters, people wrote their suggestions for changes to the language. He noted all of the suggestions. He published them in the magazine "La Esperantisto". In this magazine, Esperanto speakers could vote about the changes. They did not accept them. The magazine had many subscribers in Russia. It was eventually banned (stopped) there because of an article about Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy. Publishing of the magazine ended after that. The new magazine "Lingvo Internacia" replaced it.

In the first years of Esperanto's life, people used it only in written form, but in 1905 they organized the first (1st) World Congress of Esperanto in Boulogne-sur-Mer, France. This was the first notable use of Esperanto in international communication. Because of the success of the congress, it is organized each year (except years of the World Wars) to this day.

In 1912 Zamenhof resigned his leading position in the movement during the eighth (8th) World Congress of Esperanto in Kraków, Poland. The tenth (10th) World Congress of Esperanto in Paris, France, did not take place because of the start of World War I. Nearly 4000 people signed up for this congress.

During World War I the World Esperanto Association had its main office in Switzerland, which was neutral in the war. Hector Hodler's group of volunteers with support of Romain Rolland helped send letters between the enemy countries through Switzerland. In total, they helped with 200,000 cases.

After World War I there was new hope for Esperanto because of the desire of people to live in peace. Esperanto and its community grew in those days. The first World Congress after the war took place in Hague, Netherlands, in 1920. An Esperanto Museum was opened in Vienna, Austria, in 1929. Today it is part of the Austrian National Library.

World War II stopped this growing of the language. Many Esperantists were sent into the battle. Nazis broke up Esperanto groups because they saw the language as a part of a worldwide Jewish conspiracy. Many Esperanto speakers died in concentration camps. The Soviet Union also treated Esperantists badly when Stalin was their leader.

After World War II many people supported Esperanto. 80 million people signed a petition supporting Esperanto for use in the United Nations.

Every year they organize big Esperanto meetings such as the World Congress of Esperanto, International Youth Congress of Esperanto and SAT-Congress (meeting of "Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda" - World Non-national Association).

In 1990, the Holy See published the document "Norme per la celebrazione della Messa in esperanto", allowing the use of Esperanto in Masses without special permission. Esperanto is the only constructed language which received a permission like this one from the Roman Catholic Church.

Esperanto has many web pages, blogs, podcasts, and videos. People also use Esperanto in social media and online discussions and in their private communication through e-mail and instant messaging. Several (especially open source and free software) programmes have their own language version in Esperanto. Internet radio station "Muzaiko" has been broadcasting 24 hours a day in Esperanto since 2011.

Zamenhof wanted to make an easy language to increase international understanding. He wanted Esperanto to be a universal second language. In other words, although he did not want Esperanto to replace national languages, he wanted a majority of people around the world to speak Esperanto. Many Esperantists initially shared this goal. General Assembly of UNESCO recognized Esperanto in 1954. Since then World Esperanto Association has got official relations with UNESCO. However, Esperanto was never chosen by the United Nations or other international organizations and it has not become a widely accepted second language.

Some Esperanto speakers like Esperanto for reasons other than its use as a universal second language. They like the Esperanto community and culture. Developing the Esperanto culture is a goal for that people.

People who care more about Esperanto's current value than about its potential for universal use are sometimes called "raŭmistoj" in Esperanto. The ideas of these people can together be called "", or "Raumism" in English. The names come from the name of the town of Rauma, in Finland. The International Youth Congress of Esperanto met there in 1980 and made a big statement. They said that making Esperanto a universal second language was not their main goal.

People who have goals for Esperanto that are more similar to Zamenhof's are sometimes called ' in Esperanto. The name comes from ', an Esperanto phrase which means "final victory". It refers to a theoretical future in which nearly everyone on Earth speaks Esperanto as a second language.

The Prague Manifesto (1996) states the ideas of the ordinary people of the Esperanto movement and of its main organization, the World Esperanto Association (UEA).

German town Herzberg am Harz uses nickname "die Esperanto-Stadt/la Esperanto-urbo" ("the Esperanto town") since July 12, 2006. They also teach the language in elementary schools and do some other cultural and educational events using the Esperanto language together with the Polish twin town Góra.

Esperanto is the only constructed language that the Roman Catholic Church recognises as a liturgical language. They allow Masses in the language and Vatican Radio broadcasts in Esperanto every week.

Many people use Esperanto to communicate by mail, email, blogs or chat rooms with Esperantists in other countries. Some travel to other countries to meet and talk in Esperanto with other Esperantists.

There are annual meetings of Esperantists. The largest is the ' ("World Congress of Esperanto"), which is held in a different country each year. In recent years around 2,000 people have attended it, from 60 or more countries. For young people there is ' ("International Youth Congress of Esperanto").

A lot of different cultural activities take place during Esperanto meetings: concerts of Esperanto musicians, dramas, discos, presentations of the culture of the host country and culture of the countries of the participants, lectures, language-courses, and so on. At the location of Esperanto meetings there is also a pub, a tearoom, a bookstore, etc. with Esperanto-speaking workers. The number of activities and possibilities depends on the size or on the theme of the meeting.

There are books and magazines written in Esperanto. Much literature has been translated into Esperanto from other languages, including famous works, like the Bible (first time in 1926) and plays by Shakespeare. Works that are less famous have also been translated into Esperanto, and some of these do not have English translations.

Important Esperanto writers are for example: Trevor Steele (Australia), István Nemere (Hungary) and Mao Zifu (China). William Auld was a British writer of poetry in Esperanto and honorary president of the Esperanto PEN Centre (Esperanto part of International PEN). Some people recommended him for the Nobel Prize in Literature.

There is music of different genres in Esperanto, including folk songs, rock music, cabaret, songs for solo singers, choirs and opera. Among active Esperanto musicians is for example Swedish socio-critical music group "La Perdita Generacio", Occitan singer "JoMo", the Finnish group "Dolchamar", Brazilian group "Supernova", Frisian group "Kajto" or Polish singer-songwriter Georgo Handzlik. Also some popular music writers and artists, including Elvis Costello and American singer Michael Jackson recorded songs in Esperanto, composed songs inspired by the language or used it in their promotional materials. Some songs from the album Esperanto from Warner Bros., which released - all in Esperanto - in Spain, in November 1996, reached a high position in the Spanish record charts; similarly, in 1999, in Germany, hip-hop music group "Freundeskreis" became famous with their single "Esperanto". Classical works for orchestra and choir with texts in Esperanto are "La Koro Sutro" by Lou Harrison and "The First Symphony" by David Gaines. In Toulouse, France, there is Vinilkosmo, which produces Esperanto music. The main internet Esperanto songbook KantarViki has got 3,000 songs in May 2013, both original and translated.

They play dramas from different writers such as Carlo Goldoni, Eugène Ionesco and William Shakespeare also in Esperanto. Filmmakers sometimes use Esperanto in the background of films, for example in "The Great Dictator" by Charlie Chaplin, in the action film "Blade: Trinity" or in comedy sci-fi television series "Red Dwarf". Feature films in Esperanto are not very common, but there are about 15 feature films, which have Esperanto themes.

The 1966 film "Incubus" is notable because its dialogues are in Esperanto only. Today some people translate subtitles of different films to Esperanto. The website "Verda Filmejo" collects these subtitles.

Radio stations in Brazil, China, Cuba and Vatican broadcast regular programmes in Esperanto. Some other radio programmes and podcasts are available on the Internet. Internet radio station "Muzaiko" broadcasts Esperanto programmes on the Internet 24 hours a day since July 2011. Between 2005 and 2006 there was also a project of international television "Internacia Televido" in Esperanto. Esperanto TV broadcasts on the Internet from Sydney, Australia, since April 5, 2014.

On the Internet there are many online discussions in Esperanto about different topics. There are many websites, blogs, podcasts, videos, television, and radio stations in Esperanto (see above). Google Translate supports translations from and into Esperanto since February 22, 2012 as its 64th language.

Apart from websites and blogs of esperantists and Esperanto organizations, there is also an Esperanto Wikipedia (Vikipedio) and other projects of Wikimedia Foundation which has also got their Esperanto language version or they use Esperanto (Wikibooks, Wikisource, Wikinews, Wikimedia Commons and Wikidata). People can also use an Esperanto version of social networks, for example Facebook, Diaspora and other websites.

Several computer programmes also have an Esperanto version, such as web browser Firefox and office suite (set of programmes for use in an office) "LibreOffice".

Esperanto uses grammar and words from many natural languages, such as Latin, Russian, and French. Morphemes in Esperanto (the smallest parts of a word that can have a meaning) cannot be changed and people can combine them into many different words. The language has got common attributes with isolating languages (they use word order to change the meaning of a sentence) such as Chinese, while the inner structure of Esperanto words has got common attributes with agglutinative languages (they use affixes to change the meaning of a word), such as Turkish, Swahili and Japanese.

Esperanto's grammar (rules of language) is meant to be simple. The rules in Esperanto never change and can always be applied in the same way

The Esperanto alphabet is based on the Latin script. It has six letters with diacritics: ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ (with circumflex), and ŭ (with breve). The alphabet does not have the letters "q, w, x," or "y".

The 28-letter alphabet is:
Even though the world uses Unicode, the letters with diacritics (found in the "Latin-Extended A" section of the Unicode Standard) can cause problems with printing and computing, because they are not found on the keyboards we use.

There are two remedies of this problem, both of which use digraphs for the letters with diacritics. Zamenhof, the inventor of Esperanto, an "h-system", which replaces "ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ," and "ŭ" with "ch, gh, hh, jh, sh," and "u," respectively. A more recent "x-system" has also been used, which replaces "ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ," and "ŭ" with "cx, gx, hx, jx, sx," and "ux," respectively.

There are computer keyboards that support the Esperanto alphabet, for example, for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux, for Windows Phone, and Gboard & AnySoftKeyboard for Android.


Some of the criticism of Esperanto is common for any project of constructed international language: a new language has little chance to replace today's international languages like English, Arabic and others.

The criticism, which is specific for Esperanto, targets various parts of the language itself (the special Esperanto letters, the "-n" ending, sound of the language, and so on).

Some people say that use of the diacritics (the letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ, ŭ) make the language less neutral than it would be using only the basic letters of Latin alphabet. No other language uses the letters ĉ, ĥ and ĵ. The letter ĥ is the least used letter in Esperanto and ĵ is not used frequently either, leading people to question how necessary they are.

Critics of Esperanto also say that the same ending of an adjective and a noun (such as "", "", "") is unnecessary. English, for example, does not have the requirement that an adjective and noun must agree in tense, and has no indicator for accusative cases.

They also criticize the fact that most of the words in Esperanto come from Indo-European languages, which makes the language less neutral.

One of the common criticisms from both non-Esperanto-speakers and those who speak Esperanto, is that there is language sexism in Esperanto. Some words by default refer to males, and the feminine counterparts have to be constructed by adding the "-in-" suffix to the masculine root. Such a words are words like ' (father) and ' (mother), ' (son) and ' (daughter), ' (uncle) and ' (aunt), and so on. The majority of all Esperanto words have no specific meaning on the basis of sex. Some people proposed the suffix "-iĉ-" with male meaning in order to make the meaning of the basic word neutral. However this proposal is not widely accepted by Esperanto speakers.

Criticism of some parts of Esperanto motivated the creation of various new constructed languages like Ido, Novial, Interlingua and Lojban. However, none of these constructed languages have as many speakers as Esperanto does.

Normal sample: Ĉiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj laŭ digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Version in h-system: Chiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj lau digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Version in x-system: Cxiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj laux digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Simple English translation: All people are free and equal in dignity and rights. They are reasonable and moral, and should act kindly to each other.

People sometimes use the word "Esperanto" in a metaphoric way (not in its literal sense). They use it to say that something aims to be international or neutral, or it uses a wide mixture of ideas. They say the programming language Java is "independent of specific computer systems [e.g. Windows, Android] like Esperanto is independent of ... nations". Similarly, they call the font "Noto" "the Esperanto of fonts" because it tries to work well for every culture's writing.


Barbara Bush

Barbara Pierce Bush (June 8, 1925 – April 17, 2018) was the first lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 as the wife of the 41st president of the United States, George H. W. Bush. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 when her husband was vice president.

Barbara Pierce was born on June 8, 1925, in New York City, to Pauline Pierce and Marvin Pierce. She was raised in Indian Village in Rye, New York, and received her primary education at Milton Public School and Rye Country Day School before attending Ashley Hall, a boarding school in South Carolina.

Pierce married Bush at the Rye First Presbyterian Church on January 6, 1945, when she was 19 years old. For the first eight months of their marriage, Bush and her husband moved around the Eastern United States, to places including Michigan, Maryland, and Virginia. They had five children together named George, Robin, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy Bush.

Bush became the second lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 43rd vice president on January 20, 1981. As second lady, Bush joined several associations and programs to promote literacy. She also traveled across the United States and abroad, both with her husband and solo while representing him. By the end of her eight years as second lady, Bush counted 65 different nations that she had visited.

Bush became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 41st president on January 20, 1989. As first lady, her day-to-day activities often included charity work, meetings, or interviews until 6pm, and give tours of the White House. She also exercised in the White House pool, swimming 72 laps to complete a mile each day. 
While as first lady, Bush continued her work in promoting literacy that she had started while as second lady. In March 1989, she founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy to promote further literacy programs. In 1990, she hosted the "Mrs. Bush's Storytime" radio program for ABC, which she read to children. She wrote the children's book "Millie's Book" about Millie's new litter of puppies in 1990. 

Bush donated the profits to her literacy foundation. During her time as first lady, she raised millions of dollars to fund literacy programs, including from companies such as GM and Motorola. Her advocacy contributed to the 1989 education summit, and she convinced her husband to end his opposition to the National Literacy Act of 1991, allowing it to be passed into law.

Bush died in her Houston home at the age of 92 on April 17, 2018. President Donald Trump ordered flags to half-staff in her memory. Her funeral was held at St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston on April 21, 2018. She was buried at the George Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, beside the grave of her daughter Robin.

In 1995, Bush received the Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged, an award given out annually by the Jefferson Awards Foundation. In 1997, she was the recipient of The Miss America Woman of Achievement Award for her work with literacy programs. The same year, she received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement. In 2016, she received honorary membership in Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Houston chapter.

Multiple schools are named after Barbara Bush. Schools have been named Barbara Bush Elementary School in Houston; Grand Prairie, Texas; and Mesa, Arizona. Schools have been named Barbara Bush Middle School in San Antonio and Irving, Texas. The Barbara Bush Children's Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine, was also named in her honor.


Kadis-kot

Kadis-kot is a fictional board game in the TV show "". It is played on a six-sided board with three sets of coloured stones. 

The characters of Naomi Wildman and Seven of Nine played the game sometimes, after the events of the episode "Infinite Regress".


Kenny Rogers

Kenny Rogers (August 21, 1938 – March 20, 2020) was a Grammy Award-winning American singer and songwriter. His best known songs include "The Gambler" and "Lucille". He acted in several movies and television series. He owned a franchise of roast chicken restaurants called "Kenny Rogers Roasters".

On March 20, 2020, Rogers died under hospice care in Sandy Springs, Georgia at age 81. He was diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2017. 

Moundou

Moundou is the capital of the Logone Occidental in Chad. It has a population of 99,530 as of 2003. Moundou lies on one of the main roads in southern Chad. It is the main city of the Ngambai people. Moundou is a center for industry and makes cotton and oil.

Andrew Aagesen

Andrew Aagesen or Andreas Aagesen (August 5, 1826 - October 26, 1879) was a Danish lawyer and politician. The Danish laws of the Sea, of the 1882 was mostly his work.

Andrew Aagesen studied law at Christianshavn and Copenhagen. He stopped his studies in 1848 to take part in the First Schleswig War. He served as the leader of a reserve battalion.

In 1855, he became a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Copenhagen. In 1879, he was elected as a member of the Landsting. He was Carl Christian Hall's successor as a lecturer on Roman law at the University of Copenhagen.

Heart (band)

Heart is a rock band which started in Seattle in the 1960s. It became famous with the release of "Dreamboat Annie" in 1976 when the band-members were living in Vancouver.

Heart was started by Steve Fossen and brothers Roger and Mike Fisher in Seattle. Ann Wilson joined the band in Seattle in 1970. Nancy Wilson joined the band in 1974. From then, Ann and Nancy wrote almost all of the band's songs. From 1976, the band was very successful, and sold many millions of records.

Ann Wilson was the lead singer and sometimes played the flute. Roger Fisher played the lead guitar and sang. Steve Fossen played the bass guitar. Nancy Wilson played lots of different types of guitar and sang. Mike Fisher managed the band and also looked after the sound and the lights. In 1975 some extra people joined the band. Michael DeRosier played the drums. Howard Leese played lots of different instruments and stayed with the band until 1998.

The Fisher brothers left the band in 1979. Steve Fossen and Michael DeRosier left the band in 1982. Denny Carmassi played the drums, Mark Andes played the bass guitar, and Nancy Wilson played the lead guitar. The band did not do much in the 1990s, but Ann & Nancy started doing things again in the early 2000s. Since then, the band has made lots of appearances in public and on TV.

Their best known song is called Barracuda. It was written in 1977 by Ann and Nancy Wilson, Michael DeRosier, Sue Ennis (a friend of Ann and Nancy) and Roger Fisher. Some of the places it has been and used are:

The band's first album went on sale in 1976. It was given the name "Dreamboat Annie". A lot of people liked the album and more than one million (1,000,000) copies of it were sold. The album had the ballads "How Deep It Goes" and "(Love Me Like Music) I'll Be Your song." In addition it had the songs "Magic Man" and "Crazy On You". After lots of people had bought copies of the "Dreamboat Annie" album, Heart changed to a new record company.

Their second album in 1977 was given the name "Little Queen". It had the hard rock song "Barracuda". "Barracuda" and "Dreamboat Annie" are Heart's best known early songs.

A third album was called "Magazine". It was given to the shops by the old record company "before" "Little Queen" was made. Heart did not like this, and wanted all copies of "Magazine" to be destroyed. They took the old record company to court. The judge ordered that the old record company must stop selling the album. The judge also ordered that Heart must make a new album for the old record company. This new album was also called "Magazine". It was given to the shops "after" "Little Queen" was made.

In 1978, the band released "Dog & Butterfly". It was very different in musical style from the first three albums. Sue Ennis was a friend of Ann and Nancy Wilson. She helped write a lot of the songs on "Dog & Butterfly". Two of the songs were named "Straight On" and "Dog & Butterfly". Heart did not sell as many copies of this album. The next two or three albums were not very good. Roger Fisher and Steve Fossen left the band.

In 1985 the band had new people in it, and had a new record company. They made an album called "Heart", and it sold lots of copies. The sort of music that Heart played was different. In the 1970s, the music was hard rock. In the 1980s the music was Top 40 pop. Some of the songs were "How Can I Refuse", "What About Love", "Alone", "Never", "These Dreams" and "All I Want To Do Is Make Love To You".

In the 1990s, as well as performing and touring as Heart, the Wilson sisters started another band with Sue Ennis. They called this band "The LoveMongers". The also set up a recording studio in Seattle which they called "Bad Animals". Bad Animals is also the name of an album they made in 1987.

In 1999, Nancy made a solo album called "Live at McCabes Guitar Shop". In 2007, Ann made a solo album called "Hope & Glory".

Roger Fisher also continues to perform, and has recorded and released several albums of his own.

In 2019, Heart released live album "Live in Atlantic City".




´**"All Through the Nigh" "(Album: Home for the Holidays (Christmas single))"


Golden Earring

Golden Earring is a Dutch rock band. They began in 1961 in The Hague; named the Golden Earrings. In 1969, they became just Golden Earring, (dropping the "s"). They gained worldwide fame with their hit song "Radar Love" in 1973. The single was number one on the Dutch charts, in the top ten in the United Kingdom and number thirteen on the American music charts.

"Twilight Zone" in 1982, and "When the Lady Smiles" in 1984 were also hit singles. During their career they had nearly 30 top-ten singles on the Dutch charts. Over the years they produced 25 studio albums. All musicians in the band have been members of the band since 1970. Other musicians, however, have come and gone during all these years.

In March 2009, Golden Earring celebrated its comeback in the United Kingdom with two concerts in Ipswich and London. Golden Earring's newest studio album was recorded live in a studio in London. It was released in May 2012. The album, named "Tits 'n Ass", went to number one in the Dutch album charts.

Golden Earring went on their first major US tour in 1969 and 1970. Between 1969 and 1984, the band completed thirteen US tours.

Golden Earring enjoyed a brief period of international stardom but were unable to get further chart success until 1982's "Twilight Zone". This was followed by "The Lady Smiles" in 1984.

The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover version of a single, "Going To The Run". From 1992 to 2004 the band released three acoustic live "unplugged" albums which were successful. Since 1992, the band has performed popular acoustic unplugged theater-shows. The acoustic albums feature unplugged versions of famous hits of the band.

"Radar Love", from the album "Moontan", became a hit in both Europe and the US in 1973. The album "Moontan" itself was awarded a gold record in the States. This is the band's best known song. There have been more than 200 cover versions of this classic rock song. It was voted "best car song ever" by readers of "USA Today" in 2005 and second-best "greatest driving song" in a poll of BBC's programme "Top Gear".

George Kooymans, the band's vocalist and guitarist, wrote "Twilight Zone". It was released in 1982 and brought Golden Earring more success. This song also had one of the first music videos. It was aired on the new music television channel, MTV, which began in 1981. This helped "Twilight Zone" become a Top Ten hit in the States. The song was inspired by the popular TV series "The Twilight Zone".

"When the Lady Smiles", from the album "News", was the next international hit in 1984. It became a top hit in Europe and Canada with the help of a music video. It was not as successful in the States. The music video was banned from MTV because it showed nudity and the rape of a nun.

The complete discography of Golden Earring is 25 studio albums, 8 live albums, 2 compilation albums, and 74 singles. 
This is a list of the studio albums:


Rick Springfield

Richard Springthorpe (born August 23, 1949), known better by his stage name Rick Springfield, is an Australian musician and actor. He was extremely popular in the 1980s thanks to a string of hit songs including "Jessie's Girl", and a recurring role on the TV show, "General Hospital".

Rick Springfield was born on the 23rd of August in 1949.

Anus

The anus is the opening in the human body that is between the buttocks. It is at the end of the gastrointestinal system (including the organs that digest food), where feces or "stool" comes out of the body. 


Orgasm

An orgasm is a sexual climax (or high point). An orgasm happens because of continued sexual touching. During an orgasm, there is a strong feeling of excitement and pleasure. Sexual touching may be sexual intercourse, rubbing or squeezing by hand (called masturbation), or other actions that make the sex organs feel good. 

During an orgasm, a person's body sometimes spasms (shakes or trembles), and the person may appear to be in pain or get a strange look on their face.

The person's brain activity changes quickly. The parts of the brain responsible for fear, worry, and self-control become less active. Many people moan, shout, or say strange things during orgasm. Usually, people's minds focus almost completely on the pleasure of the orgasm and become less aware of what is going on around them than usual.

Orgasms may sometimes happen when people are asleep, this is called a wet dream.

Other mammals may have orgasms when they have sex.

The penis usually becomes erect (hard) before an orgasm, and flaccid (soft) again after. When a man has an orgasm, his penis spasms and undergoes a series of rhythmic contractions, during which he feels a very strong and enjoyable feeling in his penis and groin, and sometimes in all of his body. In a man, an orgasm usually happens at the same time as an ejaculation, which is a release of semen through the penis that can't be stopped. Young boys can orgasm, but there may be no semen because semen release usually occurs (happens) only after puberty has started. After an orgasm, men usually have a deep sense of relaxation, usually felt in the groin and the thighs. Usually the stronger the orgasm is, the deeper the relaxation and the longer the relaxation will last. This is due to the dopamine surge in the brain. 

A woman's orgasm begins in her clitoris, which is the counterpart of the man's penis. It is preceded by an erection of the clitoris and a moistening of the opening of the vagina. When a woman goes through a full orgasm, her uterus, vagina, anus and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions. Most women find these contractions very pleasurable. Rubbing or applying other consistent pressure against the clitoris is usually needed to help the woman have an orgasm.

Orgasm plays an important role in human reproduction. It is the most exciting moment of sexual intercourse, so it is an important factor that makes men and women want to have intercourse, which allows reproduction to happen. It is also the moment at which the man releases semen into the woman to begin the process of fertilization.

During sexual intercourse, a man places his penis inside a woman's vagina and moves it backwards and forwards. The woman may also move her hips back and forth, or in a circular motion. The friction caused by this movement, together with the warmth and pressure of the vagina, causes the man to have pleasurable feelings in his penis. As intercourse continues, these feelings grow stronger and stronger until the man has an orgasm and ejaculates, at which time semen then shoots out from the end of his penis into the woman's vagina. The semen can make the woman pregnant.

The woman may also have one or more orgasms during intercourse as well. Unlike a man, who usually can have only one orgasm during intercourse, a woman may have more than one. During intercourse, she may rub her clitoris, or she may have her man do so. This can make the woman have an orgasm. The shaft of the penis may also stimulate the clitoris in some positions. Scientists are not sure why women have orgasms. Some believe that the orgasm helps the sperm in the man's semen to swim up the vagina into the cervix so that it is more likely that a sperm cell will fuse with an egg cell. Others think that the woman's orgasm is designed to help make the man reach orgasm. During her orgasm, a woman may moan, cry, or scream, which usually excites her man, and her vagina may contract, gripping the penis more tightly and making sex more exciting for him. These reactions may cause the man to ejaculate more quickly or to produce more semen; when a woman reaches orgasm during intercourse, it often makes her man have an orgasm at that point as well. Orgasm may also encourage a woman to have sex more often as it feels good, increasing the chances of pregnancy. 




Prostate

The prostate is a gland of the male body that adds part of the fluid to semen and acts as the valve between semen and urine. A healthy human prostate is slightly larger than a walnut. It surrounds the urethra just below the urinary bladder.

Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting elderly men in developed (also known as first world) countries and a major cause of death. Regular rectal exams are recommended for older men to detect prostate cancer early. 

The prostate is often referred to as the male G-spot, which is a spot inside the female vagina that causes intense pleasure when it is stimulated. The prostate can be massaged by using a finger or during anal sex. Some males are able to orgasm with prostate stimulation alone.


Fossil

A fossil is the remains or trace of an ancient living thing.

Fossils of animals, plants, or protists occur in sedimentary rock. 

In a typical fossil, the body form is retained, but the original molecules that made up the body have been replaced by some inorganic material, such as calcium carbonate (CaCO) or silica (SiO). The fossil feels like, and is, made of rock. It has been mineralised or "petrified" (literally, turned into rock). 

A fossil may also be an "imprint" or "impression" of a living thing remaining in the fossilised mud of a long-gone age. 

Some organisms fossilise well, others do not. The most common fossils are those left behind by organisms that produce hard materials. The hard, calcitic shells of molluscs (such as clams and snails) and of now-rare brachiopods (also known as lampshells) are examples. These sea-dwelling shellfish have produced many fossiliferous (that is, fossil-bearing) chalky layers of limestone in the earth. 

Soft-bodied organisms can fossilise in special circumstances: the Ediacaran biota is a good example. 

The best-known fossils for the general public are those of the giant, prehistoric dinosaurs. The fossilized bones and fossilized tracks of these huge, ancient reptiles can be seen in many museums of natural history and earth science. 

The study of fossils by geologists and biologists is known as paleontology. If the study puts living things in their ecological context it is called paleobiology.
Examples of fossils include bones, shells, exoskeletons, stone imprints of animals or microbes, objects preserved in amber, hair, petrified wood, oil, coal, and DNA remnants.

People have found many uses for fossils. Some fossils are found and sold. Other fossils like those in the Tamiami formation are used in the construction of roads. In some places fossils are used as a mulch- material used to cover soil. Some fossils are used as a marker to determine formation . 

Some fossils are used as a source of fuel, these fossils are referred to as a fossil fuel.

There are some sites where fossils have been found with remarkable details, or in large numbers. Palaeontologists call these sites by the German term "Lagerstätten". The La Brea tar pits in Los Angeles, California, is such a place. So are the Solnhofen limestone quarries in Bavaria.

In the Earth’s structure a very important place for fossils is the Burgess Shale. It is known for its many important fossil discoveries.

Microscopic, or "very tiny’', fossils are called “microfossils”. Larger, "macroscopic" fossils — such as those of seashells and mammals — are called "macrofossils". Sometimes natural stones look like fossilized organisms, but they are not fossils at all. Rather, they are called "pseudofossils". 

Although most fossils are formed from the hard parts of organisms, there are also "indirect" signs of prehistoric life. Examples such as a worm's trail or an animal's footprint are quite common. These are known as "trace fossils". Fossilized excrement, faeces or dung is known as a "coprolite". A chemical trace of prehistoric organisms is called a "chemofossil". Objects made by prehistoric people are called artifacts but these are not fossils.

Even when the remains of soft-bodied animals are gone, there may be impressions, molds or carbon traces which remain permanently. So, in special cases, we can see fossils of even small, soft invertebrate animals. 

Sometimes a fossil is produced because of dryness (desiccation), freezing, or pine resin. Mummified animals, ice-covered wooly mammoths, and insect-filled amber are examples of such fossils.

Living fossils, however, are "not" fossils at all. Instead, they are modern-day organisms which look like their prehistoric ancestors of many millions of years ago. The ginkgo tree, the coelacanth and the horseshoe crab are good examples.

Many pre-scientific peoples noticed fossils, but not all thought they were the remains of living things. Perhaps the first to leave a record of his thought was the Ancient Greek philosopher Xenophanes (about 570–470). His ideas were reported by later writers:

These ideas were rediscovered in the 17th century in Europe. Nicolas Steno in the Netherlands and Robert Hooke at the Royal Society in London both wrote and gave lectures about fossils. In the 18th century fossil-collecting began, and serious thinking on geology began to make progress. In the 19th century geology became a modern science, and fossils played a part in the theory of evolution.




Nine Inch Nails

Nine Inch Nails (also known as NIN) is an industrial metal band. Trent Reznor writes all the band's music, and plays most of the music himself. He started the band in 1988 in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. Nine Inch Nails has been nominated for twelve Grammy Awards.

"Pretty Hate Machine" was Nine Inch Nails' first album. It came out in 1989. The songs "Down In It", "Head Like A Hole", and "Sin" became famous from the radio and MTV.

In 1992, Nine Inch Nails made an extended play (EP) called "Broken". It had eight songs. The song "Wish" won a Grammy Award. Another album, called "Fixed", has some of the same songs as "Broken", but other musicians have changed the music and added new sounds. It was going to be one album (with eleven tracks, the eight tracks on "Broken" as tracks 1-8 and tracks 4-6 on Fixed as tracks 9-11), making it the second studio album and "The" "Downward Spiral" the third studio album, but decided to split it in half due to personal reasons and it was not the second studio album.

Nine Inch Nails played the first Lollapalooza tour with Jane's Addiction and other bands.

A new album called "The Downward Spiral" came out in 1994. It is the most popular and famous Nine Inch Nails album. Music stores have sold more than 4 million copies of "The Downward Spiral" all together. The songs "Closer", "March Of The Pigs", and "Hurt" were very popular on MTV and radio stations. Trent Reznor asked many other musicians to make remixes of the songs. The remixes were released on a new album called "Further Down The Spiral".

In 1994, Nine Inch Nails played at the Woodstock '94 concert in New York. After that, they became one of the most famous bands in the world. For five years, there were no Nine Inch Nails albums or concerts. Many fans worried that the band they liked would stop making music forever.

Finally, a new album came out in 1999. It was called "The Fragile". It was the longest album Nine Inch Nails had ever made, and the music was very different from their other albums. It was going to release in late 1997 (and was also going to include "The Perfect Drug"), but got pushed back due to personal problems. "The Perfect Drug" was never put on the album. Many of the songs were only music with no words. Songs like that are called "instrumentals". Writers who write about music wrote good things about "The Fragile" in many magazines and newspapers. People knew the music of Nine Inch Nails had changed, but many people thought it was better than before.

Even though many people liked the album, it took Trent Reznor another five years to make another one. This was due to Reznor drinking and becoming addicted to other drugs. He is now healthy. Trent also argued with his manager John Malm over how much money he should make. The court agreed with Trent and John is no longer Trent's manager.

Nine Inch Nails' next album was called "With Teeth". When the song "The Hand That Feeds" was first played on the radio, fans were very happy that Nine Inch Nails had come back. The second song on the album to be played on the radio is "Only" and the third is "Every Day Is Exactly The Same".

Year Zero came out on April 17, 2007. Before it came out, there was a game that people could play. You could find clues to discover more about the story. That kind of game is called an Alternate Reality Game. Only one single came out. That song is called "Survivalism". 

On March 2, 2008, the albums "Ghosts I-IV" (1 to 4) came out. It was made of 4 small albums: "Ghosts 1", "2", "3" and "4". All the songs on these albums were instrumentals. The first album was free to download from the website, or available cheaply to download. This was new in the way that music is sold, because usually music is sold for lots of money, and the money is given to many people, most who did not make the music, but helped give money to the people who did, or sent the music to shops to be sold, or made adverts for it.

After two months since the release of "Ghosts I-IV", a new album came out called "The Slip" on May 5, 2008. "The Slip" was released in three formats for free.

"Hesitation Marks" (2013) was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.

Trent Reznor makes almost all of the music for Nine Inch Nails. He is the only member.

When Nine Inch Nails plays at concerts, other musicians are also part of the band. The musicians who play in Nine Inch Nails are not always the same. Now, Trent Reznor sings and plays some instruments, Robin Finck plays the guitar, Justin Meldal-Johnsen plays the bass guitar, and Ilan Rubin plays the drums. 


Remixing

In remixing, a person (often a recording engineer or record producer or lyrics producer) takes a familiar song, splits it into different parts called "tracks", and changes the song's music, instruments, layout, and or vocals to create a new version of the same song. It is called "remixing" due to mixing being the putting together of all the parts of a song, and "remixing" being the putting together of the parts of the song differently than the original.

Remixers, that is, people who remix, are musicians who use a variety of tools, primarily electronic, to create the new song versions. Remixing can be simply moving song parts around; it can also be creating new music for an old song lyric. There are two common kinds of remixing: production and mashups. Production remixing uses new instruments with the old song vocal, and mashups use two old songs mixed together to create a new song.

It is pertinent to mention that the remix of R. Kelly and Beyonce's song "If I were a boy" shows that remixing also involves the editing of the words of a music to publicize more enlightenment gained from over time listening and attuning of the soul to the music by the general public. This tells musicians to be cautious about the wordings of their music. The wordings are as beautiful as the sound the soul hears, because the soul listens to the music and not the ears necessarily. A fine captivating lyrics with poor musical sound can last for many uncountable centuries as most captivating music than a music with a captivating sound but poor lyrics. Events of our daily life can be used to produce remix for most music we have lived out innocently. This is a very green field opportunity for upcoming remixers. E.g. One can do a remix about Dolly Parton's song - Jolene capturing the insecurity of a woman in keeping her man because of her inferior outlook to that of a woman who in her seemed inferior outlook discovers the confidence that Jolene in her air of superiority can never and will never ever be able to take her man even if she looks like the moon on a very dark night or the twinkle stars decorating the dark clouds at night.

Then after some years of listening to it, another remixer releases another insight on why Jolene has to stop exerting that air of superiority on the women around her, seeing she has done so much harm to the concept 'love'. And it can go on and on, bringing out the best styles, tactics and ideology to love better in diversified ways making us more sane with love rather than being insane.

An African can choose to do a remix where Jolene is welcomed by Dolly Parton to share her man with her seeing that it is part of our African religion and we have it as a responsibility to polish it to gold. Music without its lyrics properly guided is dead, this is majorly the essence of remixing. Sounds would be exhausted but knowledge cannot be exhausted and knowledge is an embodiment of the lyrics and not the sound. Tu-face Idibia, P-Square and the rest can explore this.

"Production remixing" requires more musical knowledge than mashups, because one must make their own music. This music generally is within the same key and has the same rhythm or melody as the old song.

Many electronic music artists (music made with computers or other electronic instruments) use computer software to make new music parts, called "tracks". The music parts contain notes which are arranged with a computer program called a sequencer. The actual notes are played by instruments, usually synthesizers, a type of electronic musical instrument that makes sounds by changing the shape of a sound wave. It is also possible for a remixer to use a drum sample kit, a set of sounds of fake or real drums recorded for use on a computer.

Rendering

When the remixer has a proper sequence in the sequencer, he or she can then render the audio part, or track. Rendering requires the sequencer to talk to the musical instrument, usually by computer software or a computer-to-computer talking language called MIDI to an actual electronic keyboard. The sequencer tells the instrument which note to play, and then the instrument plays the note. The sequencer writes this note to a music file on the computer.

A mashup is a remixing style in which a remixer takes two songs and mixes them with each other in a clever way to create a new song. Usually, it is the vocal of the song they want to remix with the other musical parts of an older song.

Instead of using a sequencer and a musical instrument, a remixer can use either record-playing turntables or a computer with an audio sequence editor, for example the program named ACID music. He or she also needs an audio editor, a computer program that allows someone to record sounds into a computer as well as cut them down to smaller bits.

Usually, a small bit of the old song is "cut" in an audio editor into a loop, a piece of music that when played on repeat does not have any skips or musical pauses. This loop is usually called a "sample" in the world of remixing. This sample is then looped (played over and over) in a sequence to create a new sound. The remixer then mixes the vocal of another song over that loop.

It is also possible that a mashup style remixer will take the entire musical part of one song without its vocal - called an instrumental - and take a vocal from another song without the non-voice part - called an acapella, and put them together to create one song.

H. P. Lovecraft

Howard Phillips Lovecraft (August 20, 1890 – March 15, 1937) was an American writer of fantasy, horror and science fiction. 

He wrote many scary short stories. These often were about odd creatures that Lovecraft made up by himself or with his friends, including August Derleth, who wrote mysteries. The creatures did not really care about human people at all, so they were not out to hurt people, but if they did, they did not care. They looked at us like we would be ants. Their behaviour, attitude and look also tended to make people go crazy.

One of his most famous creations was Cthulhu, a giant and powerful alien being that some humans worship as a god. He also made up many other strange alien gods, like Yog-Sothoth, Nyarlathotep, and Azathoth. Together his works and ideas about these characters are called the Cthulhu Mythos.

Lovecraft's stories were inspiration for lots of other writers.The spirit of his works, presenting a world that does not care, is present in many works of fiction.

Lovecraft was born in Providence, Rhode Island on August 20, 1890. He was the only child in the family. He died of small intestine cancer there. 

Hormone

Hormones are the chemical messengers of the endocrine system. Hormones are the signals which adjust the body's internal working, together with the nervous system. Every multicellular organism has hormones. The cells which react to a given hormone have special receptors for that hormone. When a hormone attaches to the receptor protein a mechanism for signalling is started. The cell or tissue that gets the message is called the 'target'. Hormones only act on cells which have the right receptors.

Many different kinds of cells can send a message. There are some cells whose main job is to make hormones. When many of these cells are together, they are called a gland. Glands are groups of cells that make something and release it (put it outside the cell). Many glands make hormones.

"Endocrine" means secreting directly into the blood. Most internal secretions are from endocrine glands. The opposite word is "exocrine", which means secreting through a duct or tube. Some hormones are produced by exocrine glands, and some exocrine secretions release outside the body. Sweat glands and salivary glands are examples of exocrine glands whose products are released outside the body.

The first discovery of a hormone was made in 1902. The hormone was secretin. The word 'hormone' was first used in 1905.

Hormones do many things. They regulate metabolism. Metabolism is the chemical and energy reactions that happen in a living thing. Hormones cause the growth and death of cells and of whole organisms. Hormones also start and control sexual development. For example, the hormones estrogen and progesterone make girls go through puberty. Hormones help keep homeostasis in an organism. Homeostasis means to keep a constant state inside the body like temperature, amount of water and salts, and amount of sugar. Hormones released by one gland can also tell other glands to make different hormones.

There are four types of hormones in most vertebrates. They are grouped by the chemicals from which they are made. 

In biology regulation means to control something. So regulating hormones means controlling how much hormones are made and released from cells.

Hormone regulation is mostly done by negative feedback. In negative feedback, a hormone causes an effect. The cells that make the hormone detect this effect and its production ceases.

A good example of negative feedback is with the hormone insulin. Insulin is produced by the pancreas. Insulin is released by the pancreas in response to consumption of glucose. The amount of glucose in the blood rises, and the pancreas detects the increase. It then secretes insulin into the blood. Insulin increases glucose uptake in target cells. Some glucose is used by the cells but some is also converted to and stored in the form of glycogen. Glucose uptake by cells decreases blood glucose levels. This decrease is detected by the pancreas and in response, it stops secreting insulin in to the bloodstream. As insulin levels in the blood decrease, so does glucose uptake by cells.

This negative feedback therefore helps to maintain normal blood glucose levels and prevents extreme changes.

There are three main types of hormones. Steroid hormones are non-polar and do not need a receptor. The second type is peptide hormones. The third is Tyrosine derived hormones. An example is the T3 and T4 hormones produced by the thyroid gland.

Often two hormones control the same product, one increasing and the other decreasing the target. Blood glucose is very important to an organism, and is controlled by more than one hormone. Other hormones also make the glucose level go up or down. If the glucose level gets too low, the body releases hormones that do the opposite of insulin. They do not tell the cells in the body to take up glucose from the blood. They tell the cells to put glucose back into the blood. These kind of hormones that work opposite of other hormones are called counter-regulatory hormones. Counter-regulatory hormones for insulin are glucagon and epinephrine.

Most important things in an organism are kept in homeostasis by negative feedback and counter-regulatory hormones. However a few things are controlled in different ways. One rare way is positive feedback. In negative feedback, the hormone's effect makes a gland stop making hormones. In positive feedback the opposite happens. The effect of the hormone tells the gland to make even more hormones.

An example of positive feedback is the hormone that causes childbirth (when babies are born.) The hormone that causes this is oxytocin. This hormone is made by the pituitary gland. When the baby starts coming out, it stretches the muscle in the cervix (the bottom of the uterus). Nerves in the cervix send a message to the pituitary. This message makes the pituitary release more oxytocin. The oxytocin then causes the muscles of the uterus to contract, or squeeze. This causes more stretching in the cervix. This stretching then tells the pituitary to make even more oxytocin. So levels of oxytocin keep rising until the squeezing or contractions of the uterus force the baby out.

There are clear distinctions between hormones and neurotransmitters:

Most hormones start a cellular response by binding to cell membranes or receptors inside the cell. A cell may have several different receptor types that recognize the same hormone but activate different signal transduction pathways, or a cell may have several different receptors that recognize different hormones and activate the same biochemical pathway.

Hormones are defined functionally, not structurally. They may have various chemical structures. Hormones occur in multicellular organisms (plants, animals, fungi, brown algae and red algae). These compounds occur also in unicellular organisms, and may act as signalling molecules,

Peptide hormones are hormones with a short chain of amino acids.


Testosterone

Testosterone is an androgen sex hormone. A hormone is one that is made from cholesterol. A sex hormone is one that regulates sexual changes in the body. An androgen is the male type of sex hormone.

The testicles of men make lots of testosterone. Ovaries and adrenal glands make testosterone too. But they make much less than the testicles do. So men have much higher testosterone levels than women. The process takes place during the ages of puberty for both males and females

Testosterone has two different kinds of effects. One effect is anabolic. This effect causes growth of muscle and bone. The other effect of testosterone is androgenic. These effects make the body look male. This includes the effects that boys have at puberty: growing a beard, making the penis and testicles bigger, and making the voice deeper.


Patio

A patio is a paved area in a garden often used for barbecues or relaxing outside.

Cholera

Cholera is an infectious disease caused by the bacterium "Vibrio cholerae". It infects the small intestine.

There are many types (strains) of the "Vibrio cholera" bacteria. Some of them cause more serious illnesses than others. Because of this, some people who get cholera have no symptoms; others have symptoms that are not very bad, and others have very bad symptoms.

The most common symptom is large amounts of watery diarrhea. In the worst cases, diarrhea can be so bad that people can die in a few hours from dehydration.

Cholera is a very old disease. Writings about cholera (written in Sanskrit) have been found from the 5th century BC. Throughout history, there have been many outbreaks and epidemics of cholera.

Cholera still affects many people throughout the world. Estimates from 2010 say that between 3 million and 5 million people get cholera every year, and 58,000–130,000 people die from the disease every year. Today, cholera is considered a pandemic. However, it is most common in developing countries, especially in children.

People usually get cholera by eating food or drinking water that is unclean. When people have cholera, they have a lot of diarrhea, and the cholera bacteria stays alive in their feces. In developing countries, often there is not good sanitation. Cholera can spread if this diarrhea gets into water that other people use. For example, if sewage (human waste) gets into a river, people can get cholera if they:

Cholera is very rarely spread directly from person to person.

Cholera's main symptoms are bad diarrhea and vomiting clear fluid. These symptoms usually start suddenly. They start half a day to five days after the person gets infected. (This is called cholera's "incubation period".)

If they do not get treatment, about half of people with serious cholera die. People with bad cholera may have so much diarrhea that they do not have enough water and electrolytes (salts) left in their bodies to survive. Cholera has been nicknamed the "blue death" because a person dying of cholera may lose so many body fluids that their skin turns bluish-gray.

Other symptoms may include:


If people with cholera get good, quick medical treatment, less than 1% die from the disease. However, if cholera is not treated, at least half of people with the disease (50% to 60%) die.

Some strains of the "Vibrio cholera" bacteria have different genes than others, which make them more dangerous. These more dangerous strains of cholera bacteria caused the 2010 epidemic in Haiti and the 2004 outbreak in India. A person who gets these strains of cholera can die within two hours of getting sick. This means there is very little time to get the person treated.

There are antibiotics for cholera. There are various treatments which can help. For example:

There is a cholera vaccine that can be taken by mouth. It provides some protection from cholera for about six months.

People can also do some other things to prevent cholera. For example:

Governments could stop outbreaks or epidemics from happening by improving sanitation. For example, cholera is very uncommon in developed countries because they have good sanitation and because they add chemicals to their water to kill germs. Even after people start to get cholera, it is possible for governments to stop the disease from spreading, though:

Cholera probably started in the Indian subcontinent. As early as the 5th century BC, people in the Ganges River delta area wrote about cholera. The disease first spread to Russia in 1817 by trade routes (over both land and sea). Later, cholera spread to the rest of Europe, and from Europe to North America and the rest of the world.

Seven cholera pandemics have happened in the past 200 years. The latest started in Indonesia in 1961. There have also been many serious outbreaks. The worst outbreak in recent history happened in Haiti after the earthquake there in 2010. Between October 2010 and August 2015, more than 700,000 Haitians got cholera, and over 9,000 died. The outbreak was caused by a United Nations base where Nepalese soldiers were living. The soldiers would dump human waste into the Artibonite River, which many Haitians used for drinking, cooking, and bathing.

Cholera was common in the 19th century. It has killed tens of millions of people. Just in Russia, between 1847 and 1851, more than one million people died of cholera. During the second pandemic, which lasted from 18271835, the disease killed 150,000 Americans. Between 1900 and 1920, in India, up to eight million people died of cholera.

in 1854, an English doctor named John Snow was the first person to realize that contaminated water caused cholera. 

The English engineer Joseph Bazalgette solved the problem for London in the middle of the 19th century. He invented the system for cleaning foul water, a system which is still used world-wide. Cholera has come back to the world because cities have hugely increased populations, and the treatment of sewage has overrun the facilities. It was the British who built most of the world's sewage plants, and until about 1950 they were able to work well unless they were damaged by warfare. Later governments did not invest money in their infrastructure, which meant the increased population eventually caused cholera to return.

Cholera is not the only problem with water supply. Blooms of red algae occur from time to time in hot weather, and they have to be killed off. Emergency control is got by adding chlorine to the water supply. This works, but makes the water rather distasteful.

Fortunately, infections transmitted in bad water can be cured. There is at least one antibiotic which works well against amoeboid parasites, and another which usually works against bacteria. Treatment costs money, of course, and in many countries that means the treatment is not widely available.


Mandriva Linux

"For the type of plant, see Mandrake"

Mandriva (formerly Mandrake Linux) is a Linux distribution.

The last release was the 2011 version released in August that year. Most Mandriva Linux developers who were laid off went to Mageia.

In May 2015, Mandriva went into administration. 

Mandriva was first made public by a French software company MandrakeSoft. Its first release was based on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and was released in July 1998. Mandriva Linux was originated by Gaël Duval, and intended to focus on ease of use for new users.

From its first release to version 8.0, Mandrake named its flagship distribution "Linux-Mandrake". From version 8.1 to 9.2 it was called "Mandrake Linux".

In February 2004, MandrakeSoft lost a court case for infringement. It renamed its products. Starting from version 10.0, Mandrake Linux became known as "Mandrakelinux", and its logo changed accordingly. Similarly, MandrakeMove became Mandrakemove.

In April 2005, Mandrakesoft announced the corporate acquisition of Conectiva. As a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with Hearst Corporation, Mandrakesoft announced that the company was changing its name to Mandriva, and that their Linux distribution "Mandrake Linux" would henceforward be known as Mandriva Linux.

Since 2007, Mandriva was released on a 6-month fixed-release cycle, similar to Ubuntu and Fedora. However, while newer features are added during each release, the timing of the Spring release stays the same as the first release, so as to ensure stability each year.

The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2011.0 (2011.0), released on 2011-08-28.

The development tree of Mandriva Linux has always been known as "Cooker". This tree is directly released as a new stable version.

The current release is named 2009.1 and was released in April 2009.



Action theory

Action theory is an area in philosophy that talks about theories about the processes that cause intentional (willful) human body movements.

Some Philosophers ask the question 'What is an action?' or 'What makes somebody do an action?'. Here are two theories.

Some philosophers say that an action is caused by a person wanting something and thinking that by doing that action they can get it. For example, if I want an apple and think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get one, then I will walk to the table. It is important to have both a want (desire) and a thought about how to get it (belief).
If I think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get an apple, but want an orange and not an apple, then I will not walk to the table. If I want an apple, but think that the table across the room is just a picture of a table, then I will not walk to the table.

Other philosophers say that the want-think theory is not true. They say that it is my brain and my nerves that causes an action. They see the brain as working like a computer that directs small electric packages from some nerves to other nerves and stores some for a while in memory. These packages cannot be named, they are just like computer bits and bytes. These philosophers say that we talk about what we want and what we think because the brain is very complicated and we do not understand it yet.

These questions form part of the philosophy of mind.

Xiangqi

Xiangqi is a form of chess that started in China. In English it is called Chinese chess.

Though derived from the original Indian Chaturanga, Chinese chess is quite different from modern international chess. The board is different, there are different pieces, and they have different moves. The "general" and his "mandarin" may not leave the nine-pointed fortress; they have only limited movement. Clearly, this is more similar to the old Indo-Arabic game than to modern chess.

Xiangqi is a chess game for two people to play. Each player has 16 pieces to move on the board. One player's set is red, and one is black. The way to win is to kill the other player's Jiang (Shuai). Each kind of piece has different ways to move. Xiangqi is one of the most popular chess games in China.


Governor

A governor is a leader of some kind. In some countries which are federations, the governor is the leader of a state or a province. 

For example, in the United States, all 50 states have a governor elected by its own people. While the President is the leader of everyone in the United States, Governors are the leaders of the people living in or visiting their state. The governor is the executive for the state's administrative processes. 

In some other countries, a governor is the title of the viceroy. This is the case in Australia, Canada and other Commonwealth realms, where the governor represents the monarch in ceremonies. In many countries such as Pakistan a provincial governor is appointed by the central government acting as the ceremonial head of the provinces. 

Territories still under British rule all have a governor who represents the monarch in that area. 

Republican Party (United States)

The United States Republican Party, also known as the GOP (Grand Old Party) is one of the two biggest political parties in the United States. Since the mid-1850s, the party's main opponent has been the Democratic Party. Both political parties have controlled American politics ever since.

Republicans are sometimes called the right or conservatives. Ideologically, it favors fiscal and social conservatism. It opposes abortion, euthanasia, labor unions, affirmative action, marijuana legalisation, and a high minimum wage. It advocates for low taxes, limited government, gun rights, free markets, and free trade. It did, however, hold protectionist opinions during its early days, for example during Theodore Roosevelt’s presidency. It also held anti-free trade opinions during Donald Trump’s presidency.

The symbol of the Republican party is the elephant. This symbol was first used in 1874 in a political cartoon by Thomas Nast.

The Republican National Committee, or the RNC, is the main organization for the Republican Party in all 50 states. The Republican Party is not the same political party as the Democratic-Republican Party. A state where most voters vote for Republican politicians is called a red state.

The Republican Party was founded in Ripon, Wisconsin in 1853, with the help of Francis Preston Blair. The Republican Party was formed by people who did not like the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854, which would let each territory allow slavery. The Republican Party was founded by past members of the Free Soil Party and the Whig Party who wanted to stop the expansion of slavery. The founders of the Republican Party wanted to stop the expansion of slavery because they believed it was against the ideals of the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. Some founders of the Republican Party wanted to abolish slavery everywhere in the United States. The Republican Party's first candidate for president of the United States was John C. Frémont in 1856.

As the Whig Party collapsed, the Republicans became one of two major political parties in the United States (the Democratic Party was the other major political party). In 1860 Abraham Lincoln, the first Republican president, was elected. For the rest of the second half of the 19th century, the country had mostly Republican presidents. From 1860 until 1912 the Republicans lost the presidential election just twice (non-consecutively to Democrat Grover Cleveland in 1884 and 1892).

Republicans believed in protectionism (the belief that raising taxes on trades with other countries would protect the economy) during the second half of the 19th century and during the early half of the 20th century.

After World War I, the 1920s had three Republican presidents: Warren Harding, Calvin Coolidge, and Herbert Hoover. It was called the Republican Decade for that reason. Harding and Coolidge made a plan for the economy which lowered taxes, made the government spend less money, and got rid of rules and laws that affected the economy.

Near the end of the 1920s, the stock market crashed and the Great Depression began. During the Great Depression, the Republican Party became less popular. No Republicans were president between 1933 and 1953, when Dwight Eisenhower began his first of two consecutive terms as president (he was re-elected in 1956). Richard Nixon lost the election in 1960, but was elected president on the Republican ticket in 1968 and again in 1972.

Ronald Reagan, an actor and conservative political activist, was elected as president in 1980. Ronald Reagan became the first Republican president who was a former member of the Democratic Party. Ronald Reagan served two terms and his successor George H.W. Bush served one term. Reagan wanted fewer laws to affect the economy, and wanted the military to be stronger.

Bill Clinton (a Democrat) was elected president in 1992, and re-elected in 1996. However, a new Congress was elected in 1994, and Republicans gained control of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. They voted against many of Clinton's ideas and proposed ideas of their own such as a line item veto and a balanced budget amendment. In 2000, George W. Bush was elected president, defeating Al Gore in a very close election. Bush was re-elected in 2004.

After elections held in 2006, Republicans lost control of Congress. Democrat Barack Obama was elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2012. Republican John Boehner was elected the Speaker of the House of Representatives in 2010 and re-elected in 2012. In 2014, Republicans gained control of the Senate and the House. Boehner resigned in early October 2015 and was eventually succeeded by Paul Ryan of Wisconsin on October 29, 2015. On November 9, 2016, Donald Trump was elected president, defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Electoral College. Trump was the first Republican to take office as president since January 20, 2001, when George W. Bush was inaugurated. The Republicans lost the House and won the Senate in 2018. Paul Ryan retired in 2019 and was succeeded by Nancy Pelosi, who is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 2020, the Republicans lost the presidency when Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump. In 2022, they were able to get control back of the House of Representatives, but not the Senate.

Currently, the Republican Party is identified by classical liberalism, conservatism, and right-wing policies.

Not all Republicans believe in the same things, but generally, these are the things many Republicans support in all:

Most supporters for the Republican Party come from states in the Southern, Deep South, parts of the Midwest, and the rural Northeast areas of the US, as well as from Montana; though they come from all over the United States, including the northern portion of California.


Democratic Party (United States)

The United States Democratic Party is one of the two biggest political parties in the United States. Since the mid-1850's, the party's main opponent has been the Republican Party. Both political parties have controlled American politics ever since.

Every four years the party holds a National Convention where they agree on their candidate for president. The Democratic National Committee coordinates most of the activities of the Democratic Party in all 50 United States. Since Andrew Jackson's inauguration in 1829, there have been 16 Democratic presidents (17 if including John Tyler, who, though originally elected to the vice presidency as a Whig, was expelled from his party shortly after taking office, became an independent, and allied with Democrats), the most recent and current is Joe Biden who took office as the 46th president of the United States in January 2021.

The Democratic Party represents a broad spectrum of liberal and left-wing ideologies,including—but not limited to—classical liberalism, social democracy, progressivism, and social (modern) liberalism.

Democrats, also sometimes called the left, liberals or progressives make up one of the two main political parties in the United States. A mostly Democratic state is sometimes called a blue state. This comes from the party’s main color, which is blue, referring to a state supporting ‘blue’ candidates.

Democrats believe in a strong government with social assistance programs to help members of society. They prefer diplomatic solutions to conflicts, and take generally multilateralist views on trade, believing that trade must be free, but fair to protect American workers, consumers, local communities, and the environment. Some Democrats are economic centrists.

Socially, most Democrats believe in sociocultural liberalism, taking pro-immigration, pro-marriage equality, and pro-choice views.

Currently, the Democratic Party is identified by progressivism, liberalism, and left-wing policies.

Not all Democrats believe in the same thing, but generally these are the things many Democrats support:


Most support for Democrats comes from states in the Northeast, Upper Midwest, and the Pacific Coast, as well as from the state of Hawaii.

The symbol of the Democratic Party is the donkey. Since the election of 2000, the color blue has become a symbol for Democrats.

Historically, Thomas Jefferson, whom the party claims as its founder, has been often seen as symbols of the Democratic Party, particularly emphasized in the annual celebrations of Jefferson Day Dinners held since the days of Andrew Jackson. As such, the Democratic Party is also often referred to as the “Party of Jefferson.”






Taste

Taste is one of the senses experienced by humans and other animals. It is felt by the tongue while eating, and is used to sense the flavor of food that is in the mouth. Humans can sense five tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami.

Humans have taste receptors on taste buds and other areas including the upper surface of the tongue and the epiglottis. The perception of taste is organised by a special part of the cerebral cortex. The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.

Many common foods are bitter, like coffee, bitter melon, olives and citrus peel.

Bitterness is of interest to those who study evolution, as well as various health researchers. Many naturally bitter compounds are toxic. The ability to detect bitter-tasting, toxic compounds at low thresholds may have a protective function, but some test have not confirmed this. Plant leaves often contain toxic compounds, and among leaf-eating primates there is a tendency to prefer immature leaves. Young leaves tend to be higher in protein and lower in fiber and poisons than mature leaves. Amongst humans, various food processing techniques are used worldwide to detoxify otherwise inedible foods and make them palatable.

Animals which eat a lot of bitter plant material, such as browsers do have ways of dealing with it. They produce tannin-binding proteins, which other animals do not. Tannins are bitter compounds common in material from trees and bushes, though not grass.

Saltiness is felt when there is sodium in the food. A common spice that is salty is common salt, sodium chloride.

Savouriness (or savoriness) is the taste of savoury foods. It is also known by the Japanese word , and comes from umai, which means 'yummy'. This taste was known for a long time, but only became an official scientific term in 1985.

To taste savoriness, your tongue has special parts that detect amino acids that are in foods like meats and cheeses.

Sourness is tasted when acids are on your tongue. Many foods have acid in them and are sour, like lemons and vinegar.

Sweetness is a taste felt when sugars are in the food. Most people consider sweetness to be a pleasant taste.

This sensation is not a special sense of taste because it does not have specific taste buds. It is a complex sensation.

Substances such as ethanol and capsaicin cause a burning sensation called chemesthesis, piquance, spiciness, hotness, or prickliness. Two main sources of this sensation are capsaicin from chili peppers and piperine from black pepper.

Foods like chili peppers activate nerve fibers directly giving the sensation of "hot". Many parts of the body with exposed membranes but no taste sensors (such as the nasal cavity, under the fingernails, surface of the eye (cornea) or a wound) produce a similar sensation of heat or sometimes pain, when exposed to such chemicals.

The tongue can also feel other sensations not generally included in the basic tastes. These are largely detected by the somatosensory system.

Also, it is known that smell and sight contribute to the overall sensation of eating and drinking. The temperature of food makes a difference to its appreciation.

The strange coolness of spearmint, menthol and camphor is caused by their molecules triggering a sensory system which normally works to sense low temperatures.

There is still much to learn about the taste system. Consider, for example, the tastes of ginger and horseradish.

Touch

Touch is one of the five main senses that animals have. It can be called the sense of body or the sense of touch. The system also has internal sensory receptors, and includes sensing temperature and pain. There is a special area in the brain used to processing input of touch. It is in the parietal lobe of the cerebral cortex.

An animal knows if something is against a part of its body. This is called the sense of touch. The process of touching something may be called feeling.

Tiny touch sense organs under the skin help animals feel hardness, softness, and sharpness, for example. Animals also have sense organs which feel temperature and pain. Some parts of the body, such as fingertips have many more sense organs than others.

When animals touch things, nerve fibres attached to the sense organ sends messages to the brain through the central nervous system. The brain interprets the messages, and animals feel things.

Humans, and mammals in general, often touch each other. Touch is a kind of non-verbal communication. Behaviours based on touch are very important for keeping family and group members together ('bonding'). It is part of the 'glue' of their social life. Monkeys grooming each other's fur is a good example.


Classical mechanics

Classical mechanics is the part of physics that describes how everyday things move and how their motion changes because of forces. If we know how things are moving now, classical mechanics allows us to predict how they will move in the future and how they were moving in the past. We can use classical mechanics to predict how things like planets and rockets move.

Classical mechanics is not accurate when things are the size of atoms or smaller: for those things, we use quantum mechanics instead. Classical mechanics is also not accurate when things move close to the speed of light: for those things, we use special relativity instead.

The position of an object tells you where it is. For example, if you live in New York City and your friend lives in Seattle, your friend has a position of 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) west from you. But your friend would say that "you" have a position of 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) "east" from them instead. This is because position depends on where "position zero" or the "origin" is. For you, the origin is in New York City, but for your friend, the origin is in Seattle. So we make sure to always say where the origin is when we talk about position.

We talk about position using vectors: we first say a distance (such as 3,000 km) and then the direction (such as "east", "left", or "38 degrees south"). If there is no direction, position is simply "distance". Position can sometimes be negative: for example, New York City is 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) east of Seattle and Seattle is "negative" 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) east of New York City. However, it is easier to say "west" instead of "negative east".

When something moves, its position changes. You may pull a book closer to you, and the book has a new position. Or, you may walk away from your house and you have a new position. The velocity of an object tells you how fast the object changes position, and where it is moving. Velocity is a vector just like position: a car can move "160 kilometers per hour "west"" (100 miles per hour west) or "31 miles per hour "south"" (50 kilometers per hour south). Since position can be negative, velocity can be negative too.

When something speeds up or slows down, its velocity changes. The acceleration of an object tells you how fast the object speeds up or slows down. Acceleration is a vector, too, and we can use "negative" acceleration when we want to say that an object slows down: for example, if you drive your car south and slow down, your acceleration is positive going north but negative going south.

Newton's laws of motion are important to classical mechanics. Isaac Newton discovered them. They tell us how forces change how things move, but they do not say what causes the forces.

Newton's first law of motion says that objects do not change how they move unless something pushes or pulls them. Things that push or pull objects are called forces. 

Before Isaac Newton, people thought that things do not move forever: they will always stop even if nothing touches them. On Earth, this seems correct: if you roll a ball on the grass, the ball will stop; if you push a book across a table, the book stops moving. But this does not happen everywhere. In outer space, rockets and planets move and they do not slow down or stop. So something on Earth makes objects stop moving, and this is a force called friction. Every object that touches another object feels friction. Even when you throw something like a baseball, the baseball feels friction because of the air. This is called drag or "air resistance". In outer space, there is no friction because outer space is a vacuum: there are no objects there, including no air.Gravity is another force that changes how objects move on Earth, but in outer space gravity is very small unless you are close to a planet or a star.

Newton's first law of motion also tells us that an object that is not moving will stay still unless something pushes or pulls it. This makes sense because a book on your bookshelf does not suddenly fly away.

Newton's second law of motion says that bigger objects need a bigger force to change how they move, and smaller objects need a smaller force to change how they move. For example, it is easy to push a marble across the floor but it is really hard to push a car across the road. This is because the car is very heavy and the marble is not.

We sometimes write Newton's second law of motion as an equation: formula_1. formula_2 is the amount of force you need, formula_3 is the mass of the object you want to move, and formula_4 is the amount of acceleration (change of velocity) that the object gets when you try to move it. We can also write the equation as formula_5, where formula_6 is momentum and formula_7 is the way we write "change in momentum over time" using calculus. Momentum is the mass of an object times how fast it is moving (its speed): formula_8, where formula_9 is the speed. A bumblebee has a small mass, but it moves very fast so it has lots of momentum. The Earth moves very slow, but it has a large mass so it also has lots of momentum.

Newton's third law of motion says that forces always come in pairs. When you push a book, the book also pushes you, but it does not push you very far because you have a much larger mass. However, if you and your friend go ice skating and you push your friend, you and your friend both move back.
Consider a book lying on a table. The weight of book is acting on the table in the downward direction. This is action. The reaction of table act on the book in upward direction.
A rocket works because of Newton's third law of motion: the bottom of the rocket makes very hot gas and the gas pushes the colder air. Then the rocket goes up because the colder air also pushes the bottom of the rocket. The force that makes a rocket go up is called thrust. Birds and airplanes fly because of Newton's third law of motion: this is because both birds and airplanes push air down when they move, and the air pushes them up. This force is called lift. Without lift, birds and airplanes fall on the ground.

In physics, kinematics is the part of classical mechanics that explains the movement of objects without looking at what causes the movement or what the movement affects.

1-Dimensional (1D) Kinematics are used only when an object moves in one direction: either side to side (left to right) or up and down. There are equations with can be used to solve problems that have movement in only 1 dimension or direction. These equations come from the definitions of velocity, acceleration and distance.


2-Dimensional kinematics is used when motion happens in both the x-direction (left to right) and the y-direction (up and down). There are also equations for this type of kinematics. However, there are different equations for the x-direction and different equations for the y-direction. Galileo proved that the velocity in the x-direction does not change through the whole run. However, the y-direction is affected by the force of gravity, so the y-velocity does change during the run.





Moai

Moai are stone statues on Easter Island. Each moai is made out of one large stone but some have an extra stone on top of the head. Most were made from the volcanic rock in the Rano Raraku area of the island. Moai are sometimes called "heads" but they do have shoulders, arms, and a body but these are usually too small for the head, also some of the best known ones had been partly buried over the years and only the heads were showing. Most moai are between 2.5 and 10 metres high and, usually, weigh 14 tonnes. There are about 1000 moai placed mainly around the coast of the island plus nearly 400 more which were left not yet finished at Rano Raraku.
When, why, and how they were made is still a mystery today. It is believed that they were made almost 1000 years ago by Polynesians, who lived there at the time and were made to honour their ancestors (older family members long dead) and bring good luck. Making the statues would have needed a lot of time and effort. To move them, they may have used wooden sledges or rollers or even "walked" them by rocking the moai along. The youngest moai found was built around 1350. It is believed that, around that time, there began a time of cold weather, little food, and war between the peoples. By the 19th century, all the moai had been pushed over. Today, some have been restored.



Diogenes of Sinope

Diogenes of Sinope (or Diogenes the Cynic) was an Ancient Greek philosopher. He was born in the town of Sinope (now called Sinop, Turkey) around the year 412 BC and died in the city of Corinth, Greece on the year 323 BC.

After being exiled for debasing the currency, he moved to Athens. He had a simple life-style and behaviour. This gave him a basis to criticize the social values and institutions of the corrupt, confused society he saw around him.

Diogenes made a virtue of poverty. He begged for a living and often slept in a large ceramic jar in the marketplace. He became notorious for his philosophical stunts. He used to carry a lamp during the day, and claimed he was looking for an honest man.

He criticized Plato, disputed his interpretation of Socrates. He sabotaged Plato's lectures, distracting attenders by bringing food and eating during the discussions. Diogenes was also noted for having publicly mocked Alexander the Great.

Diogenes helped Antisthenes create cynicism, a philosophy that focuses on living a simple life without the need for money, fame, power, or possessions. He also made a notion of "cosmopolitan" on world citizenship first time in history.

Diogenes was captured by pirates and sold into slavery. Eventually he settled in Corinth. There he explained cynicism to Crates, who taught it to Zeno of Citium. Zeno worked on stoicism, which became one of the main schools of Greek philosophy.

None of Diogenes' writings have survived, but there are some details of his life from anecdotes. The anecdotes come from Diogenes Laërtius' book "Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers" and some other sources.

Vaccination

A vaccination is a treatment which makes the body stronger against an infection.

The body fights infections using the immune system, which is made up of millions upon millions of cells including T cells and B cells. An important part of the adaptive immune system is that it is much stronger when fighting a disease that it has already fought against before. Vaccination involves showing the immune system something which looks very similar to a particular virus or bacteria, which helps the immune system be stronger when it is fighting against the real infection.

The World Health Organisation estimates that vaccines save 4-5 million lives per year.

Another word used for vaccines is immunization. These words mean things that are a little different. Vaccination is when a person is "given" something to make the immune system learn to fight an infectious disease.

Immunization is when a person's immune system learns to fight an infection. Immunization can happen from vaccination. But immunization can also happen from getting the "infection". For example, a person can be immune to hepatitis B if he gets sick with hepatitis B. After a person gets hepatitis B and then gets well, he is immunized from getting it again. A person can also be immunized from hepatitis B by taking the hepatitis B vaccination.

So vaccination and immunization have meanings that are a little different. But when people say these words, they usually mean the same thing. 

Herd immunity is an important part of how vaccines work. A herd is a group of animals. Herd immunity happens when most of the animals in a group are immune to an infection. If most animals are immune they cannot get the disease. If they do not get the disease, they cannot give it to other animals. So even one animal who is not immune is safer. If none of the other animals in a herd get the infection, they cannot give the infection to the one who is non immune.

This is important in people too. If 95% of people in a place are immune to a disease, the other 5% are safer. They are not near infected people, so they won't get infected.

The people who are in the 5% are there for many reasons. Some got the vaccine but did not react to it. Their immune system did not learn how to fight it well. Some of them are too sick to get the vaccine. It can be children who are too sick with other diseases to get vaccines. It can be a pregnant woman who cannot get the vaccine because it could hurt her baby. It can be a person with cancer who does not have a strong immune system. It can be an older person who has a weak immune system.

So if everyone in a place gets vaccinated, it protects these people too. If they are not protected by "herd immunity", they can get more sick from an infection. They get the infection more easily and they get sicker from it. So it is important that people who are healthy get their vaccinations. It protects the healthy people. But it also is important to protect other people who are old, weak, or sick.

There are different types of vaccines:

There are various other methods. All aim to develop the immune response without allowing the full viral infection to happen.

In England the School Age Immunisation Services deliver vaccinations in schools every Autumn for Human Papilloma Virus, Diphtheria, Tetanus and Polio, Meningococcal ACWY , Measles, Mumps and Rubella and Flu.

Today in modern countries almost all people are vaccinated, which has caused many serious diseases to become rare. However, some people argue against vaccination, as they are worried about possible side effects from the vaccination.

Vaccinations do have some side effects. These include swelling and redness around the injection site, a sore arm, or fever. These effects are because of the immune system fighting with the viruses or bacteria which have been injected. Very rarely, the immune system overreacts so much to the virus that the immune system damages other areas in the body.

As well as these real side effects of vaccinations, some people believe that vaccines cause other serious problems like autism, brain damage, or diabetes. There is no evidence for this. Almost all doctors and scientists believe that vaccination does not cause any of these things.

Overall, the vast majority of medical professionals and scientists believe that vaccinations are a good thing and that the benefits of avoiding diseases are far greater than the very small risk of side effects. All medical organizations around the world, including the World Health Organization(WHO), the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the United States Centers for Disease Control support vaccination.

The word "vaccine" was created by Edward Jenner. The word comes from the Latin word "vacca", meaning cow. A virus that mainly affects cows (Cowpox) was used in the first scientific demonstration that giving a person one virus could protect against a related and more dangerous one.

The first vaccination ever was for smallpox. The earliest hints of the practice of inoculation for smallpox in China come during the 10th century.

In 1796 an English doctor, Edward Jenner, noticed something. He saw that people who got cowpox did not get sick from smallpox. He gave a young boy the cowpox virus to protect him from smallpox. This was done by scratching liquid from cowpox sores into the boy's skin. This same method using the liquid from sores was also used to give people smallpox. People did this so they might get smallpox on "one place" on their bodies. Then they could "pick" which body part got scars from smallpox. But sometimes people who did this got very sick from smallpox. Some even died. This was a dangerous thing to do. But people did it because it was less dangerous than getting smallpox.

Edward Jenner gave the boy cowpox in the same way people tried to give smallpox. Six weeks later, he scratched smallpox into the boy's skin. The boy did not get sick from smallpox. This boy was the first person ever to get a vaccination.

It was not until almost 100 years after the smallpox vaccination that the next vaccine for cholera was found in 1879. After that, vaccines for many types of infectious diseases became available.


Vice President of the United States

The vice president of the United States (VP or VPOTUS) is the second highest executive officer of the U.S. federal government after the president of the United States. The vice president ranks first in the presidential line of succession and is also the officer of the legislative branch, president of the Senate and the presiding officer of the Senate.

Kamala Harris is the 49th and current vice president of the United States, in office since January 2021.

, gives the vice president the title President of the Senate, authorizing the vice president to preside over the Senate. The vice president is responsible for maintaining order, allowing members to speak, and explain the Senate's rules and practices. This position also has the authority to cast a tie-breaking vote.

As the president of the Senate, the vice president may preside over impeachment trials, although the Constitution does not specifically require it. When the president is on trial, the constitution requires that the chief justice of the United States must preside. No vice president has ever been impeached.

The Twelfth Amendment allows the vice president, as the president of the Senate, receive the Electoral College votes and opens the sealed votes. The votes are counted during a joint session of Congress every four years on January the 6th.

In recent years, vice presidents have been viewed as important presidential advisors. Al Gore was an important adviser to President Bill Clinton on issues of foreign policy and the environment.

The vice president is seen an important liaison between the presidential administration and Congress.

For example, Dick Cheney held weekly meetings in the Vice President's Room at the United States Capitol, Joe Biden played a key role in bipartisan budget negotiations, and Mike Pence often met with House and Senate Republicans. Kamala Harris, played a key role in passing legislation during the 117th congress.

Since 1949, the vice president has legally been a member of the National Security Council. Modern vice presidents have also been apart of the president's daily intelligence briefings and participate in meetings in the Situation Room with the president.

 of the constitution states for a person to serve as vice president must:


The vice president is elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term, along with the presidential candidate or the incumbent president as their running mate. The presidential candidate or incumbent president must have at least 270 electoral college votes in order to win the election.

The vice president-elect of the United States is the candidate who has won the United States presidential election along with the presidential candidate and is awaiting inauguration to become the vice president.

The president elect, vice president-elect, or incumbent president and vice president immediately began their four-year team on inauguration day every four years on January 20. The original inauguration date was held on March 4, but was later changed in 1933.

The vice president ranks first in the presidential line of succession, if the president dies, resigns, or is impeached. Only eight vice presidents have succeeded the president in resignation or death such as John Tyler, Millard Fillmore, Andrew Johnson, Chester A. Arthur, Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge, Harry S. Truman, Lyndon B. Johnson and Gerald Ford. 

The speaker of the House ranks second in the presidential line of succession if the vice president dies, resigns or is impeached from office.

John C. Calhoun and Spiro Agnew are the only U.S. vice presidents to have resigned from office.

The Office of the Vice President includes personnel staff who directly support or advise the vice president of the United States. It is primarily office is in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building with offices for the vice president also in the West Wing of the White House, the United States Capitol, and in the vice president's official residence.

Although any U.S. Air Force aircraft the vice president is aboard is referred to as Air Force Two during the flight. In-country trips are typically handled with just one of the two planes, while overseas trips are handled with both.

Number One Observatory Circle is the official residence of the vice president and the second family of the United States. It has been the official residence of every U.S. vice president since Nelson Rockefeller in 1974.

The United States Secret Service is in charge of protecting the vice president and the second family at all times. As part of their protection, the vice president, second spouse and immediate family members are given Secret Service codenames. The use of codenames are used due to security and safety reasons.

As of 2024, there are five living former vice presidents. 

The most recent former vice president to die was Walter Mondale (1977–1981) on April 19, 2021 at the age of 93.

Dick Cheney

Richard Bruce "Dick" Cheney (born January 30, 1941) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 46th vice president of the United States from 2001 to 2009. As a Republican, he ran in the 2000 United States presidential election with George W. Bush, and successfully won re-election in the 2004 United States presidential election. Before he became vice president, he was the Secretary of Defense from 1989 to 1993, during George H. W. Bush's presidency. He was also a member of the House of Representatives from 1979 to 1989, and was White House chief of staff from 1975 to 1977.

Cheney was born at Bryan Medical Center East Campus in Lincoln, Nebraska to Richard Cheney and Marjorie Cheney. Cheney grew up in Casper, Wyoming.
Dick Cheney was the former representative for Wyoming's At-large congressional district. He served in the George H. W. Bush administration from 1989 to 1993 as a cabinet member. He was a Congressman, and White House Chief of Staff.

He was also in charge of a large defense company called Halliburton when he was out of office during the Clinton presidency.

As Vice President, Cheney was the head of the Senate and cast six tie-breaking votes and he was replaced by Joe Biden as vice president on January 20, 2009.

Cheney lives in Wyoming. He is an active hunter. In 2006, he shot a friend by mistake while hunting. He did not run for president in 2008. He has criticized President Barack Obama. His wife Lynne Cheney is a distant cousin of President Barack Obama and he is an 8th cousin of President Barack Obama. He is a 9th cousin, once removed of George W. Bush. Cheney is distantly related to Harry S. Truman and Robert Duvall by the Duvall family. He is distantly related to American Express founder Benjamin Pierce Cheney.
On March 24, 2012, Cheney underwent a seven-hour heart transplant process. Cheney has had several heart attacks.

Dick and Lynne Cheney have 2 daughters, Elizabeth and Mary. Mary is openly lesbian and Dick supports same sex marriage along with Mary. Liz is the former Congresswoman at-large from Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives.


Toad the Wet Sprocket

Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band from California. They formed in 1986, while they were in high school. Their name comes from a monologue (one person doing all the talking) performed by Eric Idle, called "Rock Notes" on the 1980 album, "Monty Python's Contractual Obligation Album".

Boyz II Men

Boyz II Men is an American boy band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were popular in the early 1990s. Founded in 1988 as a quintet (group of five people), Boyz II Men found fame as a quartet (group of four), with members Nathan Morris, Michael McCary, Shawn Stockman, and Wanya Morris, on Motown Records during the early 1990s.

Based on sales, Boyz II Men is the most successful R&B male vocal group of all time. It has recorded five #1 R&B hits between 1992 and 1997 and has since sold more than 90 million albums and 50 million singles. Three of its #1 hits, "End of the Road", "I'll Make Love to You", and "One Sweet Day" (with Mariah Carey), set and broke records for the longest period of time a single remained at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Johnny Nash

John Lester "Johnny" Nash Jr. (August 19, 1940 – October 6, 2020) was an American reggae and soul singer. His best known singles were "I Can See Clearly Now", "Hold Me Tight" and "Tears on My Pillow". 

His biggest hit was "I Can See Clearly Now" in 1972.

In his late teens Johnny Nash came to the attention of Arthur Godfrey and put in many appearances on his TV show. He also had a featured role in the motion picture "Take A Giant Step". Johnny began recording for the ABC Paramount label, and under the guidance of arranger producer Don Costa, he made a number of albums of standards. Including "Johnny Nash", "Let's Get Lost", "The Quiet Hour", "Studio Time" and "I Got Rhythm". Even though he possessed a superb singing voice, it seems that in the early 1960s, all young black male ballad singers were overshadowed by another Johnny. Johnny Mathis. Johnny Nash never really came into the forefront of pop music. He made a couple of obscure jazz tinged albums for the Argo label. Then after being off the scene for a couple of years, he emerged with a new music genre, the reggae, soul and caribbean type song stylings. This was the mid 70's and he found new fans and a new popularity.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times" listed Johnny Nash among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Nash was born in Houston, Texas. He died on October 6, 2020 in Houston at the age of 80.

Linda Ronstadt

Linda Ronstadt (born July 15, 1946) is an American singer. She was born in Tucson, Arizona. She has won ten Grammy Awards and many other awards.

Ronstadt has never been married. She has an adopted daughter and adopted son. She has been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Her autobiography was published in 2013.


Heart

The heart is an organ found in every vertebrate. It is a very strong muscle. It is on the left side of the body in humans and is about the size of a fist. It pumps blood throughout the body. It has regular contractions, or when the heart squeezes the blood out into other parts of the body. 

"Cardiac" and "cardio" both mean "about the heart", so if something has the prefix "cardio" or "cardiac", it has something to do with the heart.

Myocardium means the heart muscle: 'myo' is from the Greek word for muscle - 'mys', cardium is from the Greek word for heart - 'kardia'.

The human heart has four chambers or closed spaces. Some animals have only two or three chambers.

In humans, the four chambers are two "atria" and two "ventricles". Atria is talking about two chambers; atrium is talking about one chamber. There is a right atrium and right ventricle. These get blood that comes to the heart. They pump this blood to the lungs. In the lungs blood picks up oxygen and drops carbon dioxide. Blood from the lungs goes to the left atrium and ventricle. The left atrium and ventricle send the blood out to the body. The left ventricle works six times harder than the right ventricle because it carries oxygenated blood. 

Blood is carried in blood vessels. These are arteries and veins. Blood going to the heart is carried in veins. Blood going away from the heart is carried in arteries. The main artery going out of the right ventricle is the "pulmonary artery". (Pulmonary means about lungs.) The main artery going out of the left ventricle is the "aorta".

The veins going into the right atrium are the "superior vena cava" and "inferior vena cava". These bring blood from the body to the right heart. The veins going into the left atrium are the "pulmonary veins". These bring blood from the lungs to the left heart.

When the blood goes from the atria to the ventricles it goes through heart "valves". When blood goes out of the ventricles it goes through valves. The valves make sure that blood only goes one way in or out.

The four valves of the heart are:

The heart has three layers. The outer covering is the pericardium. This is a tough sack that surrounds the heart. The middle layer is the myocardium. This is the heart muscle. The inner layer is the endocardium. This is the thin smooth lining of the chambers of the heart.

A "heart beat" is when the heart muscle "contracts". This means the heart pushes in and this makes the chambers smaller. This pushes blood out of the heart and into the blood vessels. After the heart contracts and pushes in, the muscle "relaxes" or stops pushing in. The chambers get bigger and blood coming back to the heart fills them.

When the heart muscle contracts (pushes in) it is called "systole". When the heart muscle relaxes (stops pushing in), this is called "diastole". Both atria do systole together. Both ventricles do systole together. But the atria do systole "before" the ventricles. Even though the "atrial systole" comes before "ventricular systole", all four chambers do diastole at the same time. This is called "cardiac diastole"

The order is: atrial systole → ventricular systole → cardiac diastole. When this happens one time, it is called a "cardiac cycle".

Systole (when the heart squeezes) happens because the muscle cells of the heart gets smaller in size. When they get smaller we also say they "contract". Electricity going through the heart makes the cells contract. The electricity starts in the "sino-atrial node" (acronym SA Node) The SA Node is a group of cells called pacemaker cells in the right atria. These cells start an "electrical impulse". This electrical impulse sets the rate and timing at which all cardiac muscle cells contract. This motion is called 'atrial systole'. Once electrical impulse goes through the "atrio-ventricular node" (AV Node). The AV Node makes the impulse slow down. Slowing down makes the electrical impulses get to the ventricles later. That is what makes the ventricular systole occur "after" atrial systole, and lets all the blood leave the atria before ventricle contracts ("meaning squeeze"). 

After the electrical impulse goes through the AV Node, the electrical impulse will go through the "conduction system" of the ventricle. Conduction means heat or electricity traveling through something. This brings the electrical impulse to the ventricles. The first part of the conduction system is the "bundle of His". "His" is named for the doctor (Wilhelm His, Jr) who discovered it. Bundle means strings or wires grouped together in parallel. Once the bundle ("meaning a group of strings or wires going in parallel directions") goes through the ventricle muscle, it divides into two "bundle branches", the left bundle branch and the right bundle branch. The left bundle branch travels to the left ventricle and the right bundle branch travels to the right ventricle. At the end of the bundle branches, the electrical impulse goes into the ventricular muscle through the Purkinje Fibers. This is what makes ventricle contraction take place and makes ventricular systole.

The order is:
Sino-Atrial Node → Atria (systole) → Atrio-Ventricular Node → Bundle of His → Bundle branches → Purkinje Fibers → Ventricles (systole)

ECG is an acronym for ElectroCardioGram. It is also written EKG for ElectroKardioGram in German. The ECG shows what the electricity in the heart is doing. An ECG is done by putting electrodes on a person's skin. The electrodes see the electricity going through the heart. This is written on paper by a machine. This writing on the paper is the ECG.

Doctors learn about the person's heart by looking at the ECG. The ECG shows some diseases of the heart like heart attacks or problems with the "rhythm" of the heart (how the electricity goes through the heart's conduction system.)

The ECG shows atrial systole. This is called a P-wave. Then ventricular systole happens. This is called the QRS or QRS-complex. It is called a complex because there are three different waves in it. The Q-wave, R-wave, and S-wave. Then the ECG shows ventricular diastole. This is called the T-wave. Atrial diastole happens then too. But it is not seen separate from ventricular diastole.

The PR-Interval is the space between atrial systole (P) and ventricular systole (QRS). The QT-Interval is from when the QRS starts to when the T ends. The ST-segment is the space between the QRS and T.


Heart disease

Heart disease is a general term that means that the heart is not working normally. Babies can be born with heart disease. This is called congenital heart disease. If people get heart disease later, it is called acquired heart disease. Most heart disease is acquired. 

The three most common types of acquired heart disease are:

A person can have heart disease and not feel sick. Some people with heart disease have symptoms. This is when there are changes or pain in the body to show a disease is there. Some symptoms of heart disease are:

Heart disease is the biggest killer of both men and women in the United States, England, Wales, and Canada. For example, heart disease causes 4 out of every 10 deaths in the United States. This is more than all kinds of cancer put together. Also, one person dies of heart disease about every minute in the United States alone.

Congenital heart disease refers to a form of heart problem that starts before birth (congenital). Congenital heart disease includes a large number of conditions. The formation of the heart before birth is very complex and is sometimes abnormal. For example, if a part of the main artery that comes from the heart is narrowed, that is called coarctation of the aorta. There may be holes inside the heart which keep the blood from flowing normally inside the heart. Other congenital heart problems are caused by abnormal heart valves. In some cases, congenital heart problems are discovered at birth. Other times the problems may not be detected until the person is older.


North Dakota

North Dakota is a state in the United States. About 780,000 people lived in North Dakota in the year 2020. The capital and seat of government is Bismarck and the largest city is Fargo.

North Dakota is south of Manitoba and Saskatchewan, east of Montana, north of South Dakota, and west of Minnesota. Manitoba and Saskatchewan are provinces - part of Canada. Montana, South Dakota, and Minnesota are other states in the United States.

North Dakota is not close to any big bodies of water (oceans or seas). Because of this, temperatures in North Dakota are "very" hot in the summer and "very" cold in the winter. In the summer, there are sometimes "strong" thunderstorms. These storms can have tornadoes and hail.

Before European people came, Native American people lived in the area now called North Dakota. One important tribe was the Mandan.

North Dakota was one of the last US states to be "settled" by people of European ancestry. (To have people go there to make homes and live.) On November 2, 1889, North Dakota (and South Dakota) became part of the United States.

Most of the economy is based on agriculture. The most important agricultural crops are durum, a type of wheat, which is grown all across the state. In the Red River Valley, there is more rain, and maize (corn) and sugar beets are grown as well. In the Badlands, there is less rain, and more cattle are raised than crops.

North Dakota has the only bank in the United States that is "owned" by the state. The Bank of North Dakota is where all of the money from all government agencies is held. Most banks in the United States are guaranteed by the FDIC (acronym for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.) The FDIC guarantees that people will not lose money if a bank fails. But the Bank of North Dakota is insured by the "state" of North Dakota.


LGBT

LGBT is an initialism that means lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. It refers to the community of people who are not heterosexual, which means to be attracted to the other gender, or cisgender, which means to identify as the gender you were born as. It has been taken up by many sexuality and gender identity-related community centers.

Before the "sexual revolution" of the 1960s, there was no neutral word or group of words for people who were not heterosexual. 

The word "homosexual" started being used in America to describe sexual orientations that were not heterosexual. However, this word began to have bad connotations, as many people thought that it sounded like a condition or mental illness, and therefore the word "homophile" was used instead. After that, the word "gay" replaced the word "homophile" in the 1970s.

As lesbians became more public about their sexuality in the 1970s, the group of words "gay and lesbian" was often used, and a phase of lesbian feminism started. This meant that certain lesbian feminist groups separated because did not have knowledge of if they should put feminism or LGBT rights first.

Lesbian feminists viewed the separation between "butch" and "femme" in mainstream gay (male) culture of the time in the same way that they viewed the separation in society over gender roles between men and women. They saw these ideas as patriarchal and did not want to join the mainstream gay rights movement because of what they saw as the chauvinism of gay men, and refused to take up their cause. Many lesbians who were not lesbian feminists saw this as not giving help to the gay rights movement.

This was followed by many bisexual and transgender people wanting to be seen as respected groups in the LGBT community. Before gender reassignment surgery was massively improved in later years, transgender people had a hard time being accepted. Still, they fought for their rights, and were greatly boosted when plastic surgery and hormone surgery helped them to be accepted as the gender they identify with. 

After the Stonewall riots, there was a change in points of view among the gay and lesbian community. Many gays and lesbians became less accepting of bisexual and transgender persons in general. Many gays and lesbians thought that transgender people were acting out stereotypes and that bisexuals were actually gay, but in too much fear to "come out of the closet". This separation still exists today, and it only became common to speak of all members of the LGBT community with equal respect in the trouble for LGBT rights in the late 1990s.

Some people who are LGBT may not "come out", as they may be a target of discrimination or prejudice, such as homophobia or transphobia. Many countries have discriminatory laws against LGBT people, some even giving out the death penalty for being gay or bisexual.

When not including transgender persons in general, the acronym is sometimes shortened to just ""LGB"".

Many other letters are added to the acronym, so much so that it has been described as an "alphabet soup" by some. A few of the other letters added are:

Not everyone is in agreement what should or should not be covered in the acronym, or which order the letters should go in.










Rainbow flag

The rainbow flag is a multi-colored flag consisting of stripes in the colors of the rainbow that is displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness. The German pastor Thomas Müntzer used a rainbow flag as a symbol of solidarity as early as the German Peasants' War of the 16th century. It is common as a symbol of the Peace movement, first used this way in a peace march in Italy in 1961.

In 1924 the Indian spiritual teacher Meher Baba designed a rainbow flag. It is flown each year near his tomb near Ahmednagar, India during the anniversary of his death on January 31, 1969. Baba explained the symbolism, saying, "The colors in the flag signify man's rise from the grossest of impressions of lust and anger – symbolized by red – to the culmination in the highest state of spirituality and oneness with God – symbolized by sky blue." 

The rainbow is also a symbol in the Christian and Jewish Bible. It shows God's promise to Noah and his family to never cover the world in water again.

A Christian movement known as Cursillo, founded in 1944, uses these traditional rainbow symbols, including flags. Their version can have 5 to 7 colors, with red at the top, blue or purple at the bottom, and the Spanish words "De Colores!" ("of colors") in large letters on the front.

This rainbow flag in Italy was first used in a peace march in 1961, inspired by similar multi-coloured flags used in demonstrations against nuclear weapons. The most common variety has seven colours, purple, blue, light blue, green, yellow, orange and red, and is emblazoned in bold with the Italian word "PACE", meaning "peace". 

It has also been the symbol of the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) community since its creation in 1978. It is also called the 'Pride Flag.' The flag was created by Gilbert Baker of San Francisco, California in 1978.

Dualism

Dualism is the idea or theory that something (an object, an idea or the whole world) is split into two parts. These parts are separate from each other, and the thing cannot be divided up in any other way. The idea or theory that something cannot be split into any parts is called monism. The idea that something can be split into many parts is called pluralism.

In philosophy there are many kinds of dualism.

Dualism is also a common sense idea. For example, it is a form of dualism to say that a thing is either hot or cold, good or bad, mine or somebody else's, with no allowance for possible states in between.

In theology, dualism may also refer to "duotheism", "bitheism" or "ditheism". This the doctrine or belief that there are two independent divine beings or eternal principles, one good and the other evil. Examples of ditheism include Zoroastrianism, Wicca and Marcionism. Although the Bible mentions Satan, this is not ditheism as he is not equal to God, but merely an angel. (See Epistle of Jude, verse 6). Ditheism is not the same as dualism, but they are similar. Ditheism implies (at least) two gods, while moral dualism does not imply any "-theism" (belief in a god) whatsoever. The Old Dualist-Religion of the Roma people called Romanipen is a simple belive in "Devla-God and Beng-Satan".

Vomit

Vomiting, also called puking or emesis, is emptying the contents of stomach through mouth. It can be either food or liquid in the stomach. It can be from infection, contaminated food or drink (food poisoning), foul smells or foul-tasting food, the brain being injured, a block in the small intestines so food and liquid cannot go through, too much alcohol or other drugs. Also, people can make themselves vomit (self-induced) which is called purging. Usually, people who have eaten or drunk poison are made to vomit any residual (leftover) poison. Excessive vomiting may lead to dehydration, which can be dangerous, if not fatal as it will shut down a person's organs and twist the intestines.


Ancient Greece

Ancient Greek civilization, also commonly called Ancient Greece, was a large area, mostly along the northeast shore of the Mediterranean Sea, where people spoke the Greek language. The area was much larger than today's country of Greece. The Greek civilization thrived from the archaic period of the 8th to the 6th centuries BC to 146 BC. The period ended with the Roman conquest of Greece at the Battle of Corinth.

For most of the time, the Greeks did not have one government or ruler although they had a common language and culture. Greek is an Indo-European language.

There were many city-states, each with its own constitution. Athens, Sparta and Corinth were powerful city-states. Some had kings, and others, like Athens, had a form of democracy. As time went on, the most powerful city-states collected others into groups known as "leagues". That applied to many of the Greek colonies in Asia Minor, most of which had close ties to one or to another of the three biggest cities.

In the middle of the period, Classical Greece flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC. Athenian leadership repelled the threat of Persian invasion during the Greco-Persian Wars. The Athenian Golden Age ended with the defeat of Athens at the hands of Sparta in the Peloponnesian War in 345 BC.

In the last period, Greece was unified by the conquests of Alexander the Great. The city-states continued under the overall influence of Macedonia during the Hellenistic Period.

Greek culture had some influence on the Roman Empire, the main power of the Ancient World. That made classical Greece part of the foundation of Western civilization. Greek was also the language of the Byzantine Empire.

The history of Ancient Greece went through several stages:


In the 8th century B.C., the Greeks learned how to read and write a second time. They had lost literacy at the end of the Mycenaean culture, as the Mediterranean world fell into the Dark Ages. The Greek Dark Ages (~1100 BC–750 BC), also called the Bronze Age collapse, is a period in the history of Ancient Greece and Anatolia for which there are no written records and few archaeological remains.

The Greeks learned about the alphabet from another ancient people, the Phoenicians. They made some adjustments to it. In particular, the Greeks introduced regular letters for vowels, which were more important in their language. Their alphabet was, in turn, modified by the Etruscans and then the Romans, and much of the world now uses the Roman alphabet.

Ancient Greece had one language and culture but was not unified until 337 BC, when Macedonia defeated Athens and Thebes. That marked the end of the Classical period and the start of the Hellenistic period. Even then, the conquered cities were merely joined to Philip II of Macedon's Corinthian League, were not occupied and ruled themselves.

Ancient Greece consisted of several hundred more or less independent city states. That was different from other societies, which were either tribal or kingdoms that ruled over relatively large territories.

The geography of Greece, which is divided and sub-divided by hills, mountains and rivers, certainly contributed to the nature of ancient Greece. On the one hand, the ancient Greeks had no doubt that they were "one people" since they had the same religion, same basic culture, and same language. However, each city-state, or polis, was independent; unification was something rarely discussed by the ancient Greeks. Even during the second Persian invasion of Greece, although a group of city-states allied themselves to defend Greece, most "poleis" remained neutral, and after the Persian defeat, the allies quickly returned to infighting.

The major features of the Ancient Greek political system were: 

Later, during the Classical period, the leagues were fewer and larger, and dominated by one city (particularly Athens, Sparta and Thebes). Often cities would be forced to join under threat of war or as part of a peace treaty. After Philip II had conquered the heartlands of ancient Greece, he did not try to annex the territory or unify it into a new province. However, he forced most of the cities to join his own Corinthian League.

Some city-states were democratic, some were aristocratic and some were monarchies. Some had many revolutions in which one kind of government replaced another. One famous Greek kingdom is Macedon, which became briefly the largest empire that the world had seen at the time by conquering the Persian Empire (including ancient Egypt) and reaching India. Other famous kingdoms are Epirus and Thessaly.

Monarchies in ancient Greece were not absolute because there was usually a council of older citizens (the Senate or, in Macedonia, the Congress) who gave advice to the King. These men were not elected or chosen in a lottery, unlike in the democratic city-states.

Citizens who could participate in government in ancient Greece were usually men who were free-born in that city. Women, slaves and (usually) residents who were born elsewhere did not have the right to vote. The details differed by city-state.

For example, in Athens, the residents of Athens were of three groups: citizens, metics (resident aliens) and slaves. Citizens were residents whose ancestors had been Athenians for three generations. Male citizens had the rights of free men and could be chosen to fulfill any official state position. "Of the estimated 150,000 residents of the city-state of Attica, only about one fifth held the privilege of citizenship". Women who were citizens in Athens could not participate in political offices, but in Sparta they could.

The number of Greeks grew, and soon, not enough food could be grown for all of the people. When that happened, a city-state would send people off to start a new one, known as a colony.

Because the terrain was rough, most travel was by sea. For that reason, many new cities were established along the coastline. First new cities were started in Anatolia (Asia Minor) and later along the Black Sea, in Cyprus, in southern Italy, in Sicily and around what is now Benghazi in Libya. They even started a city, Naucratis, on the river Nile, in Egypt. Today's Syracuse, Naples, Marseille and Istanbul started as the Greek cities Syracusa, Neapolis, Massilia and Byzantium.

By the 6th century BC, some city-states became much more important than the others: Corinth, Thebes, Sparta and Athens.

The Spartans were very well-disciplined soldiers. They defeated the people who lived near them, who had to farm the land for the Spartans. These helots had to give the Spartans part of the food that they grew and so the Spartans did not have to work. Instead, they learned how to be better soldiers. There were not many Spartans, but there were many helots. Spartan military strength controlled the helots. The Spartans had two hereditary kings who led them in war. At home they were also ruled by a group of old men, called the "Gerousia" (Senate).

Athens became a democracy in 510 BC. The men came to a place in the centre of the city and decided what to do. It was the first place in the world in which the people decided what their country should do. They would talk and then vote on what to do at the "Boule" (Council). However, the women and the slaves did not vote. The slaves were owned by their masters and could be sold to someone else. The Athenian slaves were less free than the Spartan helots were. Every year, Athenian citizens elected eight "strategoi" (generals), who led them in war.

In 499 BC, the Greek city-states in Anatolia rebelled because did not want Persia to rule them anymore. Athens sent 20 ships to fight the Persians on the sea. The Greeks in Anatolia were defeated. Persian King Darius I decided to punish Athens. He sent soldiers and ships to fight Athens.

Athens asked for help from Sparta, which was unable to because it then had a religious festival. Athens sent its own soldiers against the Persian soldiers and at the Battle of Marathon (490 BC) defeated the Persians. Help from Sparta then came.

At the Battle of Thermopylae, the Spartans were led by Leonidas and resisted the huge Persian army. After a couple of days, a traitor, Ephialtes, led the Persians around the pass behind the Greek army. Realising that defeat was inevitable, Leonidas released many of his men. Those who stayed knew that it would be a fight to the death. Leonides kept elite hoplites (foot soldiers) who had living sons at home. Some Thespians and Thebans who volunteered to stay.

On the third day, Leonidas led his 300 Spartan hoplites and their allies against Xerxes I and his mighty army. The Spartan-led forces fought the Persian force to their deaths to block the pass long enough to keep Xerxes and his army occupied while the rest of the Greek army escaped.

After Thermopylae, many Greeks wanted to go south to the Peloponnese. Because the Isthmus of Corinth, the way into the Peloponnese, is very narrow, many of them wanted to fight the Persians there.

Athens is north of Corinth and had a navy. The Athenian leader Themistocles wanted to fight the Persians by the island of Salamis. Xerxes decided to send his fleet against the Greek fleet before the Greek ships could go to the Peloponnese. The Greek fleet defeated the Persians at the Battle of Salamis. Xerxes then went home with many of his soldiers, but a Persian army stayed in Greece. It was defeated at the Battle of Platea in 479 BC.

After the Persians' defeat at Platea, the Spartans did very little. However, Persia was still dangerous. Athens asked the Greek city-states on the islands in the Aegean and in Anatolia to join it. They agreed because they were afraid of Persia and formed the Delian League and Athens was their leader. Many of the city-states of the Delian League had to pay Athens tribute money. Athens used it to build many ships and the Parthenon. During the Peloponnesian War, Sparta was still strong on land, but Athens was stronger on the sea. Several times, there was war between Athens and Sparta. Athens then decided to send many ships to Sicily to Syracuse. Sparta sent help to Syracuse, and Athens was defeated. None of the Athenian ships came back.

Sparta now wanted to build ships to fight Athens. It took a long time for Sparta to defeat Athens, but at the Battle of Aegospotami, the Spartans destroyed most of Athens's ships. The Athenians used advanced ships, called triremes, which had their combat systems and were propelled by oarsmen. On the front of the trireme was a large bronze battering ram. The oarsmen would row the trireme at an enemy boat and ram a hole into its hull. This was the most effective way for the trireme to destroy other boats. The hoplites on the trireme would board the enemy ship and capture it. However, the Athenian fleet of triremes was destroyed in a battle in 405 BC. Athens surrendered the following year and the war was over. Athens never recovered its previous domination.

Men, when they were not working, fighting or discussing politics, could at festive times go to watch dramas, comedies or tragedies. Ancient Greek theatre often involved politics and the gods of Greek mythology. Women were not allowed to perform in the theatre and so male actors played female roles.

Women did domestic work, such as spinning, weaving, cleaning and cooking. They were not involved in public life or politics. Those from rich families, however, had slaves to carry out domestic work for them.

The ecumene (US) or oecumene (UK) is an ancient Greek term for the known world. In antiquity, it was the parts of the world known to Greek geographers, which was basically the Mediterranean world. Europe, Asia and Africa (north of the Atlas mountains and Egypt). The Greeks were well aware of the Persian Empire, and Alexander the Great's army got as far as parts of what is now Pakistan.

Under the Roman Empire, the term came to mean civilisation itself, which was wider than the Greeks had supposed.

The famous Olympic Games were held at Olympia every four years. They were for men only, and women were not allowed to attend, even as spectators. The sports included running, javelin throwing, discus throwing and wrestling. The games were unusual because the athletes could come from any Greek city-state.

Another competition, the Heraean Games, was held for women and was also held at Olympus at a different time from the men's event.

The rules for girls in Sparta were different from other city-states. They were trained in the same events as boys because Spartans believed that strong women would produce strong babies, who would become future warriors. Their girl athletes were unmarried and competed while they were nude or wore short dresses. Boys were allowed to watch the athletes in the hope of creating marriages and offspring.

Later, during the classical period, girls could compete in the same festivals as males.



Malaria

Malaria is an infectious disease caused by a parasite: it is spread by the bite of an infected mosquito. People catch malaria when the parasite enters the blood. The parasite causes a deadly infection which kills many people each year (from 75 million cases in 1950s to 0.1 million cases in 1960s). However, due to the development of insecticide resistance among mosquitoes and other factors, it staged a comeback in the mid-1970s (6.47 million cases in 1976), and continues to prevail in endemic/subendemic proportions, so that 80% Indian population lives in malaria risk areas.

Malaria is produced by 4 species of the protozoal parasite Plasmodium, is endemic in many tropical countries. It is one of the most common health problems. As per latest WHO estimates (2011)* between 149 and 274 (median 216) million clinical cases and ~ 0.655 million deaths occur globally due to malaria each year, 90% of which are in Africa. This amounts to one malaria death every minute. In India, the National Malaria Eradication Programme (NMEP), started in 1958, achieved near complete disappearance of the disease in 1960s (from 75 million cases in 1950s to 0.1 million cases in 1960s).

The parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called 'Plasmodium'. Protozoa are organisms with only one cell, but they are not bacteria. Bacteria are smaller and simpler than protozoans.

People usually get malaria from the "Anopheles" or "Culex" mosquitoes : they are the vectors of the disease. The "Plasmodium" gets into people by the bites of mosquitoes. The "Plasmodium" is in the mosquito's special saliva. The mosquito's saliva injects an anticoagulant into the person to prevent their blood from clotting. The person is then infected with "Plasmodium" as a by-product. This makes the person have the disease we call malaria.

Only the female mosquito gives people malaria, because only the female mosquito consumes blood. The male mosquito lives on the nectar of flowers. The female uses blood as a source of protein for its eggs.

Some people do not get malaria from mosquitoes. A baby can get it while inside its mother. This is called "maternal-foetal transmission". People can also get malaria from a blood transfusion. This is when someone gives blood to another person. Another way people can catch malaria is by using a needle that someone with the disease used before them.

There are several species (kinds) of "Plasmodium" that cause malaria in humans:

"P. vivax" and "P. falciparum" cause the most malaria in people. "Falciparum" malaria is the worst kind, and kills the most people.

When "Plasmodium" enters the blood, they are then called "sporozoites". Sporozoites go to the liver, where they make many more sporozoites. Then they change into a different form of "Plasmodium". This form is the "merozoite". The merozoites go into the red blood cells, then they make many more merozoites.

The merozoites break out of the red blood cells again and again. When they do this, the person gets very sick, and shows symptoms of malaria. This happens every few days, and is called a paroxysm.

"P. vivax" and "P. ovale" can live in the liver for a long time. A person can look well, but still have the "Plasmodium" in the liver. This is called a "dormant phase". Weeks or months later, the "Plasmodium" can leave the liver to the blood, and the person will get sick again.

"P. falciparum" is the most dangerous type of malaria. It makes people sicker than those with other types of malaria, because there are more of them in the blood. Also, with "falciparum" malaria, the red blood cells are sticky. This makes the red blood cells block blood vessels. If blood vessels are blocked, this can hurt what the blood vessel brings blood to, and can hurt people's organs.
Pregnant women and children are hurt most by malaria. When they get malaria, they get sicker.

40% of people live in a place where there is malaria. Malaria is in these places:

Every year, 300 to 700 million people get malaria. It kills 1 million to 2 million people every year. 90% of the deaths occur in Africa. Most of the people who die from malaria are children. Even if children do not die, many have brain damage.

Many of these deaths might be stopped with medicine or mosquito control. But many of the places malaria may be found are in poor countries. These countries do not have enough money to stop the mosquitoes, or to give people medicine. Money, however, is not the only problem. A country must have an organised medical system to provide services. Many countries in central Africa have been disrupted by warfare and conflict between groups, and general unrest. Also, easy solutions to kill the parasites do not exist as they did 50 years ago. This is because the insects are resistant to many insecticides, and the "Plasmodium" parasite is highly resistant to quinine and most other common drugs. This is a normal evolutionary process: the chemicals weed out the non-resistant organisms, and the offspring of the few resistant organisms multiply.

Symptoms are changes in someone's body that are signs for a disease. Most people who get malaria get symptoms 10–30 days after they get infected (the "Plasmodium" gets in their blood.) But some people can get symptoms after only a week, and some may be infected with malaria and not have symptoms for a year.

The most common symptom of malaria is fever, when the body temperature is high. The fever from malaria usually comes very suddenly. The people who have malaria often feel like they had influenza.

Symptoms of malaria are:
Signs of malaria:

Complications are problems that happen because of a disease.

Pregnant women and young children have more complications. People who get malaria for the first time have more complications. "Falciparum" malaria has the most complications.

A clinical diagnosis is based on the signs and symptoms of a disease, it is a diagnosis made without medical testing. In the case of malaria one of the main symptoms which may lead to a clinical diagnosis of malaria is a fever.

Any clinical diagnosis of malaria should be confirmed by a trained professional based upon laboratory results as soon as it is possible.

A Malaria rapid diagnostic test is a blood test which can confirm a diagnosis of malaria in about twenty minutes. RDTs are not foolproof and have a number of drawbacks, and as such a negative rapid diagnostic test should not be accepted at face-value and follow-up with malaria microscopy is necessary.

To see if patients have malaria, doctors may do a blood test. This test is called a "Giemsa blood smear". Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass. The "Giemsa" stain is put on the slide. This stain helps doctors see the malaria. Then they look at the slide under a microscope. The "Plasmodium" is seen in the red blood cells.

People with different kinds of malaria need different medicines. The medicine that works for one kind of malaria may not for another kind. So it is very important to know which species of "Plasmodium" the person has.

If the species is not known, the person should be given medicine and care like they have "falciparum" malaria the worst kind.

It is also important to know "where" the person got malaria. "Plasmodium" in some places is resistant to some medicines. So the medicines to treat malaria in Africa are different from the medicines to treat malaria from South America.

Everywhere except New Guinea, the treatment is the same. In New Guinea most "P. vivax" is resistant to "chloroquine". It can be treated with quinine, but this medicine can make people sick. Everywhere else, non-"falciparum" malaria is treated with chloroquine.

Chloroquine kills the "Plasmodium" in the blood. But the "Plasmodium" in the liver is not killed by chloroquine. "P. vivax" and "P. ovale" both stay in the liver a "long" time. This is the "dormant phase". Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for "P. vivax" and "P. ovale". This is to kill the "Plasmodium" in the liver. The medicine used to kill malaria in the liver is "primaquine". In southeast Asia, some "P. vivax" is resistant to primaquine. Most other places, "primaquine" works very well.

Some people get very sick from "primaquine". So people have to be tested to see if they have G6PD-deficiency before they take "primaquine".

Falciparum is the worst kind of malaria. People with "falciparum" malaria should be treated in a hospital if they are:

Even people who are treated with medicines at home should stay with the doctor for 8 hours. This is to make sure they do not get sicker.It also makes sure they can take the medicines by mouth. Malaria does not start to become a life-threatening disease until it has been a couple of weeks after the bite without being treated.

"Falciparum" malaria also has more resistance to medicines. This makes it much harder to treat. "Falciparum" malaria is always treated with two or more medicines. Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria. Different places have "P. falciparum" that is resistant to different medicines.

The most important resistance is chloroquine-resistance. In some places in the world, "P. falciparum" is killed by chloroquine. In some places it is chloroquine-resistant. This means chloroquine does not kill it. In these places quinine can be used. Quinine is taken by mouth.

There are three ways to prevent malaria:

"Vector control" is one way to stop malaria. Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism. For malaria, the vector is the "Anopheles" mosquito.

The most used method of vector control is pesticides. These are chemicals that kill the mosquito. The first pesticide used for vector control was DDT. DDT worked very well for vector control. It killed mosquitoes. It did not make people very sick at the time it was used. It did not cost very much money. Other chemicals for vector control had not been invented yet.

In many places mosquitoes became resistant to DDT. This meant that DDT did not work anymore in these areas. Scientists worried that DDT was making people and animals sick. It killed a lot of wildlife too. DDT also stays in the environment for a long time. For these reasons, people mostly use other chemicals for vector control. "Organophosphate" or "carbonate" pesticides are used, like "malathion" or "bendiocarb".

Vector control is not the only way to stop malaria. And DDT is not the only chemical that can be used for vector control. The best way to stop malaria is to use a combination of methods. In some places, DDT may be a useful part of a program to stop malaria. This is why DDT is still allowed to be used for controlling malaria.

The mosquito that carries malaria comes more at dawn (when the sun comes up) and dusk (when the sun goes down.) Be most careful at these times. Wear long trousers and shirts with long sleeves. Wear mosquito repellent (this is a chemical that mosquitoes do not like, so they do not bite.) Mosquitoes will bite through thin cloth. So repellent should be used on skin "and clothes".

Pesticides can be used in rooms to kill mosquitoes. When sleeping outside, people use a mosquito net. This is made from cloth that air can go through but keeps mosquitoes out. It is put over a bed where people sleep to keep mosquitoes out. Sometimes people also use it when they are not sleeping. It is best to use mosquito nets that have been treated with Permethrin, which repels and kills mosquitoes.

People can take medicine when they are in a place where there is malaria. This reduces the chances that they contract malaria. This is called "prophylaxis".

Some people take prophylactic medicines for years. Many people in areas where there is malaria do not have the money to buy this medicine.

People who live where there is no malaria usually have "not" had malaria. The first case malaria is usually much worse. So people from places where there is no malaria may take prophylactic medicines when they go to places where there is malaria. The kind of prophylactic medicines people take depends on where they are. This is because not all medicines work on the malaria in every place.

To make them work best, prophylactic medicines have to be taken the right way. The medicine should start "before" going to an area with malaria. Most medicines should be taken for 4 weeks after coming home. One medicine (Malarone) only needs to be used for "one" week after coming home.

There are some children in Tanzania who are naturally immune to malaria. Researchers are using this to develop a new vaccine. U.S. researchers have found the children produce an antibody which attacks the malaria-causing parasite. Injecting a form of this antibody into mice protected the animals from the disease. The researchers plan to do tests on primates, including humans.

It was Britain's Sir Ronald Ross, working in the Presidency General Hospital in the Kolkata, who finally proved in 1898 that malaria is transmitted by "anopheles" mosquitoes. He did this by showing that certain mosquito species transmit malaria to birds. He isolated malaria parasites from the salivary glands of mosquitoes that had fed on infected birds. For this work, Ross received the 1902 Nobel Prize in Medicine. After resigning from the Indian Medical Service, Ross worked at the newly established Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine and directed malaria-control efforts in Egypt, Panama, Greece and Mauritius. The findings of Finlay and Ross were later confirmed by a medical board headed by Walter Reed in 1900. Its recommendations were used during construction of the Panama Canal. This public-health work saved the lives of thousands of workers and helped develop the methods used in future public-health campaigns against the disease.

The first effective treatment for malaria came from the bark of cinchona tree, which contains quinine. This tree grows on the slopes of the Andes, mainly in Peru. The indigenous peoples of Peru made a tincture of cinchona to control malaria. The Jesuits noted the efficacy of the practice and introduced the treatment to Europe during the 1640s, where it was rapidly accepted. It was not until 1820 that the active ingredient, quinine, was extracted from the bark, isolated and named by French chemists.

In the early 20th century, before antibiotics became available, Julius Wagner-Jauregg discovered that patients with syphilis could be treated by intentionally infecting them with malaria. The resulting fever would kill the syphilis spirochaetes, and quinine could be administered to control the malaria. Although some patients died from malaria, this was preferable to the almost-certain death from syphilis.

In the twentieth century between 2% and 5% of all deaths were from malaria. Malaria was the largest hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II, where about 500,000 men were infected. Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the North African and South Pacific campaigns.



Blood vessel

A blood vessel is a tube that carries blood in the circulatory system. Blood vessels that take blood away from the heart are arteries. Blood vessels that take blood back to the heart are veins. Capillaries are between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood. 

The heart plus all of the blood vessels in the body together are called the circulatory system. Blood is moved by the pumping of the heart and carries oxygen to the tissues. 

The expansion of blood vessels is called vasodilation, it helps the body to get rid of heat energy ("vas-" in Latin means "container" or "vessel").
The constriction of blood vessels is called vasoconstriction, it prevents the body from losing warmth. 

There are 100,000 km (60,000 miles) of blood vessels in an adult human body.

Growing new blood vessels is called angiogenesis.

Different parts of the body have different kinds of blood vessels for different parts of their work. The vessel wall consists of three shells:

The structure of the vessel wall depends on hemodynamic conditions: blood flow velocity, volume and blood pressure. Arteries located close to the heart are characterized by a predominance of elastic elements that are able to counteract high hemodynamic parameters. As you move away from the heart, hemodynamic values decrease, the caliber of blood vessels decreases and the number of muscle elements in their walls increases, which are able to create additional force to push blood into the network of the smallest vessels.

Jana Gana Mana

"Jana Gana Mana" (, ; , ; "Thou art the Ruler of the Minds of All People", ) is the title for the national anthem of India. The original words were written in the Bengali language. It was originally a five-verse poem created in 1911 by Rabindranath Tagore—the same author for the Bangladeshi anthem. In January 1950, just the first verse was made to be officially part of the national anthem of India per the Constituent Assembly of India. In addition, the lyrics now contain many words of Sanskrit origin.


Circulatory system

The circulatory system (also called the cardiovascular system) is the body system that moves blood around the body. It consists of the heart and blood vessels. The blood carries various materials that the body needs, and takes away waste and harmful substances.

Blood vessels that take blood away from the heart are arteries. Arteries divide into smaller arteries as they go away from the heart. The smaller arteries that connect to the capillaries, are called "arterioles".

Blood vessels that take blood towards the heart are veins. Veins get bigger as they go towards the heart. The smallest veins are called "venules". Pronounced (VEHN-yools)

Capillaries go between arteries and veins. Capillaries are quite thin, hence the name which comes from the Latin "capillus" meaning "hair." 

So blood moves: heart→artery→arteriole→capillary→venule→vein→heart. This is called circulation. There are two different "circulations" in the circulatory system. The "systemic circulation" is how blood goes to most of the body. The "pulmonary circulation" is how blood goes through the lungs. (Pulmonary means ¨about the lungs¨). This is how it works in mammals, including humans. Circulatory systems of other vertebrates differ somewhat.

Blood that comes from the left side of the heart is full of oxygen and nutrients. Nutrients are substances that your body needs to live, like protein, fat, carbohydrates, vitamins, and minerals. The blood brings the oxygen and nutrients to your body.

This blood in "systemic" arteries that is full of oxygen and nutrients is "systemic arterial blood". It is sometimes just called "arterial blood". 

The biggest systemic artery in the body is the aorta. This is the large blood vessel that comes out of the heart. Smaller arteries branch off from the aorta. These arteries have smaller arteries that branch off from them. The smallest arteries turn into arterioles.

The smallest blood vessels are capillaries. Systemic arterioles turn into capillaries. The blood from arterioles goes into the capillaries. There oxygen and nutrients go out of the blood into the tissue around the capillaries. The blood also picks up carbon dioxide and waste from the tissue. The network of capillaries that brings blood to an area is called a "capillary bed".

On the other end of the capillary, it turns into a venule. Venules are the smallest veins. Veins take blood back to the heart. As veins go back to the heart, they merge and get bigger. The biggest systemic veins in the body are the vena cava. There are two vena cava. The "inferior vena cava" takes blood from the lower part of the body to the right side of the heart. (In anatomy, inferior means below.) The "superior vena cava" takes blood from the upper part of the body to the heart. (Superior means above.)

This same movement of blood goes through the lungs in the "pulmonary circulation".

The blood that the vena cava vein takes to the heart is full of carbon dioxide. It has much less oxygen than (systemic) arterial blood. The right side of the heart pushes the venous blood into the pulmonary artery. The pulmonary artery takes blood to the lungs. In the lungs, the blood goes through the "pulmonary capillary bed". (The capillaries that are in the lungs). Here it gets more oxygen. It also drops off carbon dioxide. (This is the opposite of what happens in capillary beds in the rest of the body. In the systemic circulation blood drops off oxygen and picks up carbon dioxide).

After the pulmonary capillary bed, the blood goes to the pulmonary veins. This "pulmonary venous blood" now is full of oxygen. The pulmonary veins take blood to the left side of the heart. Then the blood goes to the systemic circulation again.

Veins from the gut shunt to the liver before returning to the right atrium and ventricle. The shunt is called the hepatic portal vein. 

The meaning of this is as follows. The liver is the body's main chemical factory. It takes in the flow of nutrients from the gut, and adjusts them to suit what the body needs. It can store surplus nutrients, or release extra nutrients from store. It can change the chemical make-up of many nutrients. In this way it adapts to the many different kinds of food which the body digests.



Pink triangle

The pink triangle is one of the two big symbols of the LGBT community. The other is the rainbow flag.
The pink triangle was first used in Nazi Germany to mark homosexual prisoners. There was also a "black triangle" that marked "anti-social women". Many but not all of these women were lesbians. Jews wore the famous yellow star of David. If a prisoner was both Jewish and gay, he would wear a yellow triangle overlapped by a pink triangle, creating a star of David.

Homosexuality was illegal in Nazi Germany under a law called "Paragraph 175", which made it a felony (a "very serious" crime). About 100,000 people were arrested, with about 50,000 sent to prison. Some were sent to mental hospitals. Some were castrated (had their testicles removed). Some homosexual men were also sent to concentration camps, especially Jewish homosexuals. Between 15,000 and 600,000 homosexual men were sent to concentration camps. Most of them died there. We are not sure of the real number. Prisoners who were Jewish and homosexual may not have been counted as homosexual.

Homosexual prisoners were treated worse than other prisoners. Their death rates were higher than other "anti-social" groups. One story by a gay man who lived in a concentration camp shows how it was. Pierre Seel was sent to the Schirmeck concentration camp. The Nazis said a public execution would happen. A man was brought out. Seel saw that the man was his 18 year old lover. The Nazis took all the clothes of Seel's lover and put a bucket over his head. Then Seel had to watch as the Nazis let German Shepherds (dogs) maul his lover to death.

After World War II, homosexual men were still not treated well in Germany. The law continued. It was used to hurt homosexuals and to put them in prison. Many spent years in prison.

The pink triangle observes the memory of the homosexual people who died in the Holocaust. It is important not to ignore these deaths. The killing of homosexuals both during WWII "and" "after" WWII ended is the secret story of the Holocaust. Using the pink triangle symbol puts these victims in the public view. It is in respect for those who died.

Chat room

A chat room is a virtual place on the Internet where people can get together and type messages to each other using text. People use programs like IRC to join a chat room and type messages or send pictures to the other people within that chat. There are also other programs called instant messengers to stay in contact with friends, colleagues and other people. Websites on the Internet often have types of chat rooms built into them, and lots of chat rooms also use .

Chat rooms are normally used as tools to talk with people that are far away, but many people still use them to talk to people who live near them, because it's very convenient. The first chat system was used by the U.S. government in 1971.


Alan Wake

Alan Wake is a video game made by Remedy Entertainment. It is a "thriller" game and was voted best game of E3 in 2005. It was released on Xbox 360 in May 2010 and Microsoft Windows on February 16, 2012.


Devil May Cry 4

Devil May Cry 4 is the fourth video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on February 5 2008. Before to this game, all "Devil May Cry" games had only been released on the PlayStation video game consoles. This one was the first game to be released on the Xbox as well as The PlayStation. In January, gamers could download a demo at the PlayStation Store and Xbox Live Marketplace .

One big difference in this game is that Dante is no longer the main character. A new character named Nero is the new hero. Lady and Trish from older games return in this game. This game has more new characters, such as Kyrie, Credo, Agnus, Gloria, and Sanctus and new demons and bosses for the player to fight.

This game is just like the first games. It follows the usual "Devil May Cry" gameplay using a variety of melee and long-range weapons

50 Cent

Curtis James Jackson III (born July 6, 1975) known by his professional name 50 Cent is an American rapper, actor, and businessman.

He was born in the South Jamaica neighborhood of the borough of Queens, New York City on July 6, 1975. Growing up, he never knew his father and his mother were murdered when he was just 8 years old. He grew up in a neighborhood called STP. He learned how to play basketball and football. In 2000, he got shot nine times by an attacker. Before becoming a rapper he was a drug dealer. His stage name is a tribute to New York City criminal Kelvin Martin (also known as 50 Cent).

50 Cent first appeared on Onyx's 1998 single "React". In 1999, he recorded the single "How to Rob" for the soundtrack of "In Too Deep". "Power of the Dollar" was supposed to be 50 Cent's first album which included "How to Rob". He became successful in rap music in 2002. He was helped by his fellow gang boss Rijaan D. M. (the same person who helped him release track "Wanksta"). Since then, he has sold millions of records. His first album, "Get Rich or Die Tryin'" broke music records and went multi-platinum. It was number one right away on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 872,000 copies in the first four days. 50 and the album both won an American Music Award. He won the first Sound of... award by the BBC for new artists. He also won the BET Award for Best New Artist.

In the summer of 2005, 50 Cent had a fight (or ""beef"") with The Game, a rapper in his G-Unit group. After this, The Game left G-Unit, and made some diss songs about 50 Cent. 50 Cent answered with songs like "Mr. Potato Head" and "300 shots" featuring G-Unit. 50 Cent was also the first to sign onto a joint effort between Eminem's Shady Records and Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment. 50 Cent also mentions Rijaan D.M. in many of his tracks e.g. "Candy Shop", 'Down On Me FT Jeremih' etc. As a teen. 50 Cent's role model was Tupac Shakur so, from the start his ambition was to be a gangster rapper. 50 Cent rapped on Michael Jackson's 2010 single "Monster" from Jackson's album "Michael".



50 Cent has been nominated 14 times and won once.

50 Cent has won six awards.


Talk

Talking is communication using language and speech. See also chat and vocal chords. Talking is used to express feelings, emotions and thoughts.

Subject (school)

Subjects are the parts into which learning can be divided. At school, each lesson usually covers one subject only. Some of the most common subjects at school are Language arts, history, mathematics, physical education and science.

Primary school subjects: (ages 4–11)

Secondary school subjects: (ages 11–16)

Other subjects include: 


Learning English

Learning English is what people do when they want to use the English language. In language learning, we often talk about language skills and language systems. Language skills include: speaking, listening, reading, and writing. Language systems include vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, and discourse.

A lot of people learn English at school, where English is a common subjects. Many people also want to spend their own personal time to learn English. Some of these people may not know any English, where others will have learned some English in school, and will want to advance their knowledge of it.

English is taught in many schools. It may be a required course for graduation, or students may choose to study it. For profit language schools are also common in many countries. These businesses sell English lessons.

English taught in community settings, for adult immigrants to English-speaking countries, is often referred to as ESOL (English for speakers of other languages).

Other people try to learn English on their own, or in a less formal setting than in a group of people with a teacher.

People might meet with others who are trying to learn English, in order to practice speaking.

People can also listen to radio broadcasts in English, or watch television programmes in English to help them improve their listening ability. A popular channel to listen to the radio on is broadcast by the BBC, called the BBC World Service .

People can also study English by reading books, or listening to English courses on recorded CDs or cassettes.

The internet boom has created lot of avenues for learning. People can get lot of ideas on how to improve English communication skills using search engines like Google, Yahoo, etc. Especially during the lockdown due to COVID-19, online classes and courses became a main source of learning. The BBC World Service has a free website for people who are learning English as a second or foreign language called BBC Learning English.

Major tests of English language proficiency include TOEFL, IELTS, TOEIC, Pearson English Test, Cambridge Assessment English, and the Duolingo English Test.



Ethical tradition

An ethical tradition is a group of things that one group of people think are right and wrong. People believe that these things are right and wrong because other people think that way and they have thought that way for a long time.

An ethical tradition can be like a set of laws because most people agree with it and only do what it says is right. However an ethical tradition is not normally written down and is not enforced by a police force.

The branch of philosophy called ethics is not the same as an ethical tradition. This is because ethics is about asking questions and not just thinking what other people think. However some ethical philosophers want to know why people follow ethical traditions. They also want to know what ethical traditions are the same for different groups of people. This type of ethics is sometimes called the science of morals.

Dildo

A dildo is a sex toy. It is most often used in place of an actual penis for sexual reasons. Dildos come in many different shapes, sizes, and materials (most often glass, plastic, rubber, metal, or wood) for different looks and feels, different uses, and to provide the best stimulation for different people. Some dildos vibrate and pivot for extra pleasure.

Both men and women can use dildos. They are most often put into the vagina or anus, but are sometimes used in oral sex. Since dildos are very simple toys, they can be used in many different ways. They can produce arousal to the point of an orgasm. For this reason, dildos are commonly used for masturbation.


Alien

Alien might mean:

Bioinformatics

Bioinformatics or computational biology is the study of large amounts of biological information or genome. It focuses on molecules like DNA. It is done often with the help of computers.

As species of living things change over time, the DNA contained in their cells change, because of evolution. If we can extract the information from living things today, and compare them to each other, we can see which living things are most closely related, the most similar can be thought to be the most closely related in time. Biologists can then construct family trees, or phylogenies. By combining each tree, a grand tree connecting all living things can be made, this is called the "Tree of Life". Bioinformatics uses integration of mathematical, statistical and computational method to analyze biological, biochemical and biophysical data.

All of the information needed by a cell is provided in its DNA. When a cell wants to build a protein, it finds the appropriate piece of DNA, makes a copy of it (called RNA), and uses the instructions in the copy to make the protein. 

Proteins can perform many functions like transportation, structural support, movement and metabolism. Proteins are made from "amino acids". There are twenty different amino acids that are used to build millions of different protein molecules. 

These molecules can be studied using computers to analyze the DNA, RNA, and amino acid sequences from which they are created. Because there are so many different molecules, the best way we have of understanding how the entire system works is to use bioinformatics.

Chemists have developed ways to understand the shape and behavior of small molecules, using mathematical analysis. They might use computers to study these molecules. The DNA contained in just one cell of an organism is far too large to be read by any person, and to compare the DNA between two (or more) organisms, be they in the brother and sister, or of a completely different species, requires comparing large amounts of information to find differences. Computers are better suited to such comparisons, and computer programmers have worked with biologists to create very very large databases to store all the DNA information that has ever been learned.


Economy of India

The economy of India is the sixth largest in the world with a GDP (a year's goods and services) of US$3.94 trillion. If considered PPP (purchasing power parity (how much that money can buy in India compared to other countries), the economy is the third largest (worth US$12.51 trillion). Measured by population it was 125th in the world in 2022.

India's economy includes agriculture, handicrafts, industries, and a lot of services. The service sector is the main source of economic growth in India today, though two-thirds of Indian people earn their living directly or indirectly through agriculture. In recent times, due to its many well-educated people who can speak English, India became a pioneer in information technology.

For most of India's independent history, it had strict government controls in many areas such as telecommunications (communication over long distances), banking and foreign direct investment. In 1967 70% of the people earned less than 150 rupees a month. Since the early 1990s, India has slowly opened up its markets by reducing government control on foreign trade and investment. This was started by Manmohan Singh under the leadership of P. V. Narasimha Rao. From then, the Indian Economy grew at a rapid pace.

The Indian rupee (₹) is the money in India. In 1947 an American dollar was worth about 3 rupees. In 2022 it was worth about 75 rupees.

The social and economic problems India faces are the increasing population, poverty, lack of infrastructure (buildings, roads, etc.) and growing unemployment.

Testicle

Testicles are parts that are found on the bodies of male creatures. Male mammals, including humans, have two testicles, supported in a sac of skin below the penis called the scrotum. Along with the penis, testicles are called reproductory organs or "sex organs". Only males have testicles; females have ovaries. 

Testicles are a type of organ called glands. Like other glands, testicles make "chemical substances", called hormones that keep the body working. Testicles also make sperm, which can join with ova to make new life. 

Most glands, like women's ovaries, are inside the body, but testicles are outside the main part of the body. This is because the testicles work better if they are cooler than the inside of the body. In cold weather, testicles pull up nearer to the body to keep warm.

The testicles are firm, oval-shaped glands. Most testicles match in size, but some testicles are much larger or smaller than others. Normal sized testicles are between 14 cm³ to 35 cm³. 

Most men have one testicle that hangs lower than the other one. Scientists think this may be so that they do not hit against each other. It is usually, but not always, the left testicle that hangs lower.

The testicles hang in the scrotum by the spermatic cord. They are outside the body because they need to be cooler than the temperature inside the body, in order to make sperm. If a man's testicles get cold, they are automatically pulled closer to the body. The "spermatic" cord is tightened by the cremasteric muscle. When this muscle "contracts" (pulls tighter), the cord gets shorter, which pulls the testicles closer to the body. If the testicles are too warm, the cremasteric muscle "relaxes" (gets longer.) This lowers the testicles to keep them cooler. This is how the testicles are kept at the right temperature. This is called the "cremasteric reflex". (A reflex is something your body "automatically" does without you thinking about it.)

There are other uses for the "cremasteric reflex" apart from making the testicles the right temperature. Stress can also make the "cremasteric reflex" work. If a male human or mammal gets into a fight, then its testicles are in danger. They automatically pull up close to the body. The "cremasteric reflex" also happens during sexual intercourse.

Testicles have two important jobs in the body. They are part of two of the body's systems, the endocrine system which keeps the body working, and the reproductive system which makes new life. 

Testicles are a type of organ called glands. (This makes them part of the body's "endocrine system".) The human body has many types of glands. The job of glands within a body is to make "chemical substances", and put them out into the body's system. A body has lots of different systems that keep it in good working order all the time, and that also provide for a body's special needs. Some of the body's special needs happen when a person gets angry, frightened or sick, or if the person wants to have sexual intercourse. At these times a body uses more of some types of "chemical substance", so the glands that make them work harder. 

Testicles make several types of chemical substances. They are not simple chemicals, but are very complicated and very important to life. Making these substances is controlled by the pituitary gland which is a small gland in the brain.

One substance made by the testicles is a type of substance known as a hormone. It is the hormone testosterone. Testosterone is important in a male person's body, because it makes him grow into a man and feel like a man during puberty. (Women's bodies make some testosterone too, but they make more female hormone called estrogen.) 

As well as being chemical-producing glands, testicles are gonads. (This makes them part of the body's "reproductive system".) Apart from "hormones", the other important substances made by the testicles are spermatozoa, which are generally just called sperm. (The word "sperm" is plural, so you do not add an "s" and say "sperms".) The "sperm" are tiny living cells which can join with another cell, called an "ovum" (or egg) inside a female, to start a new human life. Scientists call making sperm "spermatogenesis". Boys begin making sperm when they start growing into men, at a time of life called puberty. 

Females do not have testicles. The glands in their bodies that do the same sort of jobs as testicles are called ovaries. They have two ovaries, but unlike testicles, ovaries are inside the body, on either side of the uterus. They release "ova" (or eggs) and "female hormones". Ovaries and testicles are sometimes called "gonads".


Size in animals

Studying animals can help in understanding things about people. In mammals, testicles can be very big or very small in relation to the size of the animal itself. The size has to do with the amount of sperm that the male animal needs to make. Some types of male animal generally only have one sexual partner at a time and are called monogamous. Some types of animals generally live in a herd or flock where one male will have many female sexual partners. These males are called polygamous. More sperm is needed by "polygamous" males than by "monogamous" males. "Polygamous" males generally have larger testicles than "monogamous" males. The testicles grow larger to make more sperm.

Size in men

Most men's testicles are from 14 cm³ to 35 cm³. This is a measure of volume. Sometimes Doctors need to measure a man's testicles to see if there is a problem. Doctors can measure the volume of testicles in two ways: 


Sometimes the size of a man's testicles changes.

Some reasons why testicles get smaller are: 

Some reasons why testicles get bigger are: 


The most important diseases of testicles are:

Loss and injury 

Most boys are born with two testicles in the scrotum. The testicles have formed inside the baby's body, but moved into the scrotum before the birth. Sometimes one or both the testicles are still inside when the baby is born. Sometimes an operation is needed to fix this. 

If a testicle is injured, it is extremely painful. Sometimes testicles get crushed. Sometimes it is necessary for a doctor to remove one or both the testicles. This operation is called an orchidectomy. If a man loses a testicle, a doctor can put a "testicular prosthesis" (false testicle) into the scrotum. It looks and feels like a testicle. 

If a male loses both his testicles it's called castration. Because the man cannot produce sperm or testosterone, it has a big effect on the man's life. Because he cannot make sperm, he cannot have children. And because he cannot make the male hormone testosterone, he becomes less like a male. He may lose some of his muscles, and put on weight. A man who has lost his testicles may take testosterone medicine so that he does not have these changes. 

Until the 1700s in Europe, and more recently in some countries, there was a custom to castrate young male slaves and boys. Young slaves were castrated so that they could be used as guards over the wives of rich men. It meant that the wives would not fall in love with their guards. Sometimes young boys who had beautiful singing voices were castrated before puberty. This meant that their voices would stay high all their lives. These singing men were called castrati. 

Castrating animals 

It is very common to castrate (remove the testicles from) male domestic animals. Male dogs and cats that are castrated do not fight so much, and do not stray around looking for females to mate with. 

Male horses are usually castrated so that they become more calm and safer to ride. A castrated male horse is called a gelding. A male horse that is not castrated is a stallion. 

Male animals that are used for meat are generally castrated because it makes them fatter and also makes them quieter to keep because they do not fight each other. Most male cattle are castrated.

Testicles can also be called "testes" or "gonads".

There are many slang words for testicles, like balls, nuts, bollocks, nads (short for gonads), crown jewels, testies, marbles, ding dangs, boy toys, boys, nicnaks, plums, and tattay (in Urdu.) In Leviticus 21:20 in the bible (translated into English) they are called stones. Slang words are other names that are used for fun or to be "vulgar" (rude).


The Screwtape Letters

The Screwtape Letters is a book written by author and Christian scholar C. S. Lewis. It appeared in installments in "The Guardian" newspaper and was later published as a book in 1942. It is a series of letters written by a devil named Screwtape to his apprentice and nephew Wormwood. The letters are filled with advice for the young demon on how to tempt men. Screwtape tells Wormwood how to undo the work of God and work against Him.

"The Screwtape Letters" were greatly popular. It was published in 1941, and after that, it has sold very well around the world. Because it is funny and easy to read and understand, many people read it easily and have been influenced by it.

The two main characters that are inside the letters are Wormwood, a demon that has the job of leading his "patient" away from Christianity (or at least making him a useless Christian). Screwtape is Wormwood's uncle and a "high" demon.

Screwtape, a devil and the uncle of Wormwood, helps Satan and everything he stands for. He calls the devil "our Father". He also fights against everything God stands for, calling God "The Enemy". Wrong to him is right and right to him is wrong. Through these backhanded references, we see temptation from a different light. Because Screwtape sees the world in reverse, we ought always to ask ourselves the questions which Wormwood must never let the patient ask, or to carefully consider the things which the patient must never think. 

Lewis writes, in the Preface, that he did not perceive Hell and the "Lowerarchy" as an exact antithesis to God, who is Good for His own sake, but rather to a "thoroughly nasty business concern" in which each individual is out for his own ends. We see an example of this in letter 23, when Screwtape reveals his true nature to Wormwood. 

Ironically, even though many of the things he says are Biblically wrong, some of the things he says are, according to the Bible, true. He talks about the glory of heaven when the patient is taken up there, though he does not understand why God gives them to men. He admits to Wormwood that he does not know about his Enemy well enough. Screwtape cannot understand love and says in Letter 18 that he believes that God must have another, hidden reason to save men, since everybody is selfish and cannot love. 

Screwtape is always afraid that God will step in and stop Wormwood's temptations. Screwtape says that when the patient prays to God for help, God always comes, so Screwtape is fearful.

At first, Screwtape thinks the patient's soul will go to hell. However, he is angry when Wormwood makes more and more mistakes. He feels that God is "winning the battle". 

Several noteworthy phrases arise in the course of the patient's temptation:

""Indeed the safest road to Hell is the gradual one—the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts.""

""It is funny how mortals always picture us as putting things into their minds: in reality our best work is done by keeping things out.""

""Our cause is never more in danger than when a human, no longer desiring, but still intending, to do our Enemy’s will, looks round upon a universe from which every trace of Him seems to have vanished, and asks why he has been forsaken, and still obeys.""

The book is set during the early years of World War II. This was the time when it was actually written. Lewis was living in England during the war. He went through many of the things that the patient goes through in "The Screwtape Letters". Many of his first readers did, too. The book, however, focuses more on the spiritual battle between demons and their patient.

Multiplayer video game

Multiplayer is a term for games, usually video games, meaning more than two person can play it. It was popularized by gaming systems like the Nintendo 64 that allowed four joysticks to be plugged into a home console unit for head-to-head play, competitive, or cooperative play.

&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic

Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic (born October 23, 1959) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, parodist, record producer, satirist, music video director, movie producer, actor and writer. He is known mainly for his parodies of popular songs. He has also starred in the movie called "UHF" (1989). Yankovic had a children's program for a short time. It was named "The Weird Al Show". He has made parodies of songs such as "American Pie" (his ever popular "The Saga Begins"), "Ridin'" ("White and Nerdy"), "Bad" ("Fat"), "Like a Virgin" ("Like a Surgeon") and "Gangster's Paradise" ("Amish Paradise"). He voices Dill from Kate's Place.

He also has a band to help him perform his songs. His band members are: Jim West (guitar), Steve Jay (bass), Rubén Valtierra (piano), and Jon Schwartz (drums).

Yankovic has also written a children's book titled "When I Grow Up".

Alfred was born in Downey, California. He was raised in the town of Lynwood, California. He is the only child of Nick Louis Yankovic (June 4, 1917 – April 9, 2004) and Mary Elizabeth Yankovic (née Vivalda; February 7, 1923 – April 9, 2004). His father was born in Kansas City, Kansas, of Yugoslavian ancestry, and began living in California after serving during World War II; he believed "the key to success" was "doing for a living whatever makes you happy" and often reminded his son of this philosophy. Nick Yankovic married Mary Elizabeth Vivalda in 1949. Mary, who was of Italian and English descent, and had come to California from Kentucky, gave birth to Alfred ten years later.

Supertramp

Supertramp is a British rock band. They were created and managed by a Dutch millionaire and were very popular in the 1970s. The members of Supertramp included Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, who wrote most of the songs. The band's best-known songs include "Dreamer", "Give a Little Bit", "The Logical Song", "Take the Long Way Home", and "It's Raining Again".


Tissue (disambiguation)

Tissue can mean different things.


New Mexico

New Mexico is a state of the United States of America. It is considered part of the American Southwest and is bordered by Texas to the east, Oklahoma to the northeast, Colorado to the north, and Arizona to the west. The northwest corner of the state also touches Utah. This area is known as the Four Corners because four states meet there. The state has the nickname Land of Enchantment. It has been inhabited since ancient times by the Pueblo people. It was first named and founded as "Nuevo México" (New Mexico) in the 1500s by Spain. The state’s ancient Native American and Hispanic history have given New Mexico a unique food type called New Mexican cuisine, and a distinct music style called New Mexico music.

New Mexico became a state on 6 January 1912 and became the 47th state accepted into the United States. The state capital is Santa Fe. New Mexico's population is 2,096,829 as of the July 1, 2019 population estimate from the U.S. Census Bureau. Most of the people live in the biggest city, Albuquerque. New Mexico is home to one of the longest trams in the world, the Sandia Peak Tramway, in Albuquerque and one of world's longest zip lines, the Apache Eagle ZipRider, in Ruidoso.

The climate for most of the state is generally semi-arid. In the summer it can be very hot in southern New Mexico. The temperature is sometimes over 100 °F (37.8 °C) with lows over 70 °F (21.1 °C). It occasionally snows in the northern part of the state in the winter. It is drier in the southern portion of the state, and it rarely snows. New Mexico is usually affected by the North American monsoon from mid June to late September.

New Mexico is the long-time home of the Pueblo people, a group of Native Americans. The area was named "Nuevo México" (New Mexico) by the Spanish in the mid-1500s and officially settled in 1598, its capital Santa Fe was selected in 1610. In the late 1600s, the Pueblo people revolted against the Spanish. The Spanish returned twelve years later, and made a better attempt at giving the Pueblos better representation in New Mexico’s society and government. One such Spanish governor of New Mexico, that is most well known for his work with Native Americans, was named Tomás Vélez Cachupín.

When Mexico became independent in the early 1800s, New Mexico was part of it. Mexico wasn’t successful in representing the New Mexican people, which lead to another revolt called the Chimayo Rebellion.

In 1846, the United States and Mexico went to war over a border dispute in Texas (a former state of Mexico that, after being its own country for a time joined the US), and the United States won the war. The peace treaty the two countries signed gave what is now the American Southwest to the United States. While most of what was then Northern Mexico did not have a large amount of people living in it, New Mexico had population centers in Pueblo and Spanish towns, especially along the Rio Grande river and in the Sangre de Cristo mountains. The New Mexican citizens living there were allowed to stay if they agreed to become US Citizens; over 90% did.

After some time as a territory, the area became a state in 1912.



Sting

Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner (born 2 October 1951) better known as Sting, is an English singer and musician. He first became famous as a member of the band, The Police.

As a solo musician and a member of the Police, Sting has received 17 Grammy Awards: he won Song of the Year for "Every Breath You Take", three Brit Awards, including Best British Male Artist in 1994 and Outstanding Contribution in 2002, a Golden Globe, an Emmy and four nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song. In 2019, he received a BMI Award for "Every Breath You Take" becoming the most played song in radio history. In 2002, Sting received the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors and was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Police in 2003. In 2000, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording. In 2003, Sting received a CBE from Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for services to music. He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014, and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017.

With the Police, Sting became one of the world's best-selling music artists. Solo and with the Police combined, he has sold over 100 million records. In 2006, "Paste" ranked him 62nd of the 100 best living songwriters. He was 63rd of VH1's 100 greatest artists of rock, and 80th of "Q" magazine's 100 greatest musical stars of the 20th century. He has collaborated with other musicians on songs such as "Money for Nothing" with Dire Straits, "Rise & Fall" with Craig David, "All for Love" with Bryan Adams and Rod Stewart, "You Will Be My Ain True Love" with Alison Krauss, and introduced the North African music genre raï to Western audiences through the hit song "Desert Rose" with Cheb Mami. In 2018, he released the album "44/876", a collaboration with Jamaican musician Shaggy, which won the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 2019.


Starbucks

Starbucks is a chain of stores that sell coffee. A chain is many stores owned by the same company. Many of the stores look the same, and all stores sell the same items, often at the same prices. As well as coffee, Starbucks sells beverages and baked goods.

Starbucks started in Seattle in the United States in 1971. The number of stores has grown quickly. There are over 9,000 Starbucks stores all over the world. Most of these stores are in the United States. Some large cities in the U.S. have many Starbucks stores. Sometimes they open so many stores in one city that there are two Starbucks within a few blocks of each other.

Starbucks sells many kinds of drinks. There are 5 sizes: short, tall, grande, venti and trenta. There are many ways to customize each drink. A "frappuccino", for example, is a cold drink. Flavored syrup and cream is added to coffee or juice and stirred with ice.

Some stores sell special items, such as mugs related to the city they are located in.

The first Starbucks in Japan opened in Ginza in 1996. There were 985 stores in Japan in 2012.

Frasier

Frasier is an American sitcom starring Kelsey Grammer. The series is set in Seattle, Washington. It aired on NBC from 1993 to 2004. It is a spin-off from "Cheers". It is based upon the psychiatrist and his life. It revolves around his personal life and interpersonal interactions with his father Martin Crane, a retired police officer, who was shot in the hip by a robber, who as a result has a limp and walks using a cane, who lives with him. Other characters include his eccentric brother Niles, who is also a psychiatrist, Martin's pretty English healthcare worker Daphne Moon and a host of folks he regularly runs into / works with at the radio station (including his producer Roz Doyle), where he hosts a community psychiatric call-in show.

Main cast :

Spin-off

A spin-off is something new that comes from something already present. If military technology finds civilian use, for example, that is one kind of spin-off. It is often used for video games, movies, and television programmes, but it can also be used when talking about companies or organisations. A spin-off may have the same people, places, themes or ideas as the original.


Pedophilia

Pedophilia (paedophilia in British English) is a paraphilia and a psychiatric disorder when a person 16 years of age or older is primarily or exclusively sexually attracted to children who have not begun puberty (usually under 13-14 years old, depending also on sexes). Richard von Krafft-Ebing introduced the term in 1886 when spoke about "Paedophilia erotica".

A person with pedophilia (adults and older adolescents who are sexually attracted to pre-pubescent children) is called a "pedophile". The child must be at least five years younger than the person in the case of adolescent pedophiles before the attraction can be called pedophilia. Adults whose primary or exclusive sexual attraction is for pubescent early adolescents (ages 11 to 14) are properly called Hebephiles, not pedophiles, although in several other cases, at that age, they could have not reached puberty yet, especially boys. Adults whose primary or exclusive sexual attraction is for late to post-pubescent teens (ages 15 to 19) are properly called Ephebophiles, but ephebophilia is not considered abnormal by mental health professionals since it is directed towards biological adults. The opposite of pedophilia is "Teleiophilia" (the sexual attraction to young adults). A narrower sub-type of pedophilia is called "Nepiophilia" or "Infantophilia" (the sexual attraction to pre-pubescent children restricted to babies/toddlers).

Medically, this condition is classified by the American Psychiatric Association as a mental disorder. Some pedophiles have sex with children or use children in a sexual way. This is called "child sexual abuse" because by law, children are unable to truly agree to sexual acts with an adult. Some adults have pedophilic feelings but do not act by sexually abusing children. Some adults who are not pedophiles commit sexual abuse against children.

Not all pedophiles feel or act in the same way. Since the 1880s, psychologists have studied and shown that different pedophiles might act in different ways:


For pedophiles who commit child sexual abuse, some studies have shown that pedophiles who are only attracted to children may abuse more children than pedophiles who also have adult sexual partners.

The people who abuse children are often known to them—such as parents, other relatives, and friends—and are not strangers. One research study found that half the adults convicted of child sexual abuse of children outside of their family were also sexually abusing their own children.

Medical researchers do not know how many people in the population are pedophiles. This is because it is hard to study people's feelings and desires unless they actually show that they have those feelings. Generally, the only pedophiles who can be studied are those who have both broken the law and been caught and convicted of child sexual abuse. A second reason is that when an adult or mid-to-late teenager sexually abuses a child, people often call the abuser a "pedophile", but it is possible that the abuse happened for a different reason, such as the unavailability of an adult partner. Experts generally define a person as a pedophile only if they are primarily or exclusively sexually attracted to pre-pubescent children. If a person sexually abuses a pre-pubescent child to frighten or punish them, for example, then it may not be true pedophile behavior.

Some sources, such as the Mayo Clinic, report that most child sexual abuse of pre-pubescent children is committed by pedophiles, while other studies report that most people who sexually abuse children are not pedophiles. According to some studies, about 1% of all adult males may be pedophiles.

As of 2008, most doctors believe that pedophilia cannot be cured. The current approach to deal with pedophiles who have been convicted of sexual abuse is to try to change their behavior. It does not change their sexual attraction. Using this treatment, it is believed that some sex offenders can be prevented from offending again. Medications such as Depo-Provera can be used to treat pedophilia.

Igneous rock

Igneous rock is one of the three main rock types, the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock.

Igneous rocks are rocks formed from molten magma. The material is made liquid by the heat inside the Earth's mantle.

When magma comes out onto the surface of the Earth, it is called lava. Lava cools down to form rocks such as tuff and basalt. Intrusive rocks are made when the magma slowly cools to form rocks under the surface. Granite is one of these.

The word 'igneous' derives from the Latin word Ignis which is called fire in English.

The upper 16 km (10 miles) of the Earth's crust is composed of about 95% igneous rocks with only a thin, widespread covering of sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.

Igneous rocks are geologically important because:


Igneous rock occurs in two ways. 

Magma is made up of atoms and molecules of melted minerals. When magma cools the atoms and molecules rearrange to form mineral grains. Rock forms when mineral grains (often crystals) grow together. Granite, diorite, gabbro and basalt are a few types of igneous rock. Quartz is one of the chief minerals produced by igneous action; it is made of silica (SiO), the most common molecule in igneous minerals. Some examples of igneous volcanic rock are pumice, obsidian (volcanic glass), and scoria and much more.

Most of the minerals that make up igneous rock are of these types:

Igneous rocks can be classified according to their chemistry. The main types are:

The first six minerals in the list are silicates. Oxides are mostly of iron.


Bauxite

Bauxite is the main ore of aluminium. It is mostly aluminium oxide.

Bauxite is the most important aluminium ore. It is largely made up of the minerals Gibbsite Al(OH), Boehmite γ-AlO(OH), and Diaspore α-AlO(OH), together with the iron oxides Goethite and Hematite, the clay mineral Kaolinite and small amounts of Anatase TiO. It was named after the village Les Baux-de-Provence in southern France, where it was first discovered in 1821 by geologist Pierre Berthier. Today the four biggest producers are Australia, Brazil, China and India.

There are two main kinds of bauxite ores: carbonate bauxites (karst bauxites), and silicate bauxites (lateritic bauxites). Carbonate bauxites were discovered earlier, and occur mainly in Europe and Jamaica above carbonate rocks such as limestone and dolomite.

Lateritic bauxites occur in many countries of the tropical belt. They were formed from various silicate rocks such as granite, gneiss, basalt, syenite, and shale.

For bauxite to be created there must be intense weathering conditions and very good drainage. Bauxite deposits with highest aluminium content are frequently located below an iron-bearing surface layer. In lateritic bauxite, the aluminum hydroxide contained in laterite deposits is almost entirely a form called gibbsite.

Chalcopyrite

Chalcopyrite is the main ore of copper. It is mostly copper iron sulfide. It is also known as peacock ore or peacock copper. It is often mistaken for bornite.

Hematite

Hematite or haematite is the main ore of iron. It is mostly iron(III) oxide. Millions of tons are dug up every year. This is usually to feed to blast furnaces to make steel. It is a mineral related to corundum. It is an oxide.

It has a metallic luster. It has no cleavage (the way a mineral breaks). It has a fracture. The fracture is irregular and uneven. Hematite on the hardness scale is 5 to 6. It has a bright red to dark red streak. To find the streak, you take the mineral and run it across a plate of unglazed porcelain. The colours can be metallic grey to a dark, rough and earthy red colour. Hematite has the chemical formula of FeO.



Galena

Galena is the main ore of lead. It is mostly lead(II) sulphide.
Galena is one of the most common and widely used sulfide minerals. It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms. It is often found with the minerals sphalerite, calcite and fluorite.

Bob Dole

Robert Joseph Dole (July 22, 1923 – December 5, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. Bob Dole was the United States Senator from Kansas between 1969 and 1996. Bob Dole was a member of the Republican Party. Bob Dole was the Republican Leader of the United States Senate from 1985 until 1996. Before Bob Dole's Senate career, Bob Dole was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1961 to 1969. Bob Dole was the Republican nominee for Vice President in the 1976 election and for President in the 1996 election.

Bob Dole was born and raised in Russell, Kansas, where Bob Dole began with a career in law. Bob Dole was in the United States Army during World War II. Bob Dole was the Russell County Attorney for a short time until Bob Dole won election to the House of Representatives in 1960. In 1968, Bob Dole was elected to the Senate. Bob Dole was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1971 to 1973, and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee from 1981 to 1985. Bob Dole was the Senate Majority Leader from 1985 to 1987 and from 1995 to 1996. 

President Gerald Ford chose Bob Dole as his running mate in the 1976 election after Vice President Nelson Rockefeller did not want to be Ford's vice president. Ford lost the election to Democrat Jimmy Carter in the general election. Bob Dole ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 1980 but quickly dropped out of the race. Bob Dole ran again for the nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries but lost to Vice President George H. W. Bush. Bob Dole won the Republican nomination in 1996, however lost in the general election to President Bill Clinton. Bob Dole resigned from the Senate during the 1996 campaign and did not run for public office again after the election.

After retiring from the Senate, Bob Dole appeared in commercials and television programs. In 2012, Bob Dole wanted the Senate to pass the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, which did not happen. Dole was a member of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation. Bob Dole also worked for the law firm Alston & Bird. On January 17, 2018, Bob Dole was honored with the Congressional Gold Medal. Bob Dole was married to former U.S. Senator Elizabeth Dole of North Carolina.

Bob Dole was born on July 22, 1923, in Russell, Kansas. Bob Dole's parents were Bina M. (née Talbott; 1904–1983) and Doran Ray Dole (1901–1975). He lived in Russell during his political career.

Bob Dole graduated from Russell High School in the spring of 1941. Bob Dole went to the University of Kansas. While at the University of Kansas, Bob Dole played for the basketball team, the track team, and the football team. In 1942 he was a teammate of future Tennessee Titans owner Bud Adams. While in college, Bob Dole joined Kappa Sigma.

Bob Dole left college and joined the United States Army during World War II in 1942. In April 1945, while in combat near Castel d'Aiano southwest of Bologna, Italy, Dole was seriously wounded by Nazis. He was shot in his upper back and right arm. He was injured because he tried to help a radioman. His recovery was slow because he had many health problems caused by his injuries. Dole recovered from his injuries and was honored with two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star. He was unable to move his right arm and had numbness in his left arm.

Dole later went to the University of Arizona from 1948 to 1949, before transferring to Washburn University. He graduated with both undergraduate and law degrees in 1952.

Dole ran for office for the first time in 1950, and was elected to the Kansas House of Representatives. In 1952, he became the County Attorney of Russell County. In 1960, Dole was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Kansas' 6th congressional district. After his first term, Kansas lost a congressional district. Most of Dole's district was added with the 2nd district to create a new 1st district. Dole was elected from this district in 1962 and was reelected two more times.

During his time as a U.S. Representative, Dole voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1968. He also voted for the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

In 1968, Dole won the United States Senate election against former Kansas Governor William H. Avery. He ran to replace Senator Frank Carlson. Dole was re-elected in 1974, 1980, 1986, and 1992.

While in the Senate, Dole was a strong supporter of the Vietnam War. He attacked Democratic Senator George McGovern for not supporting the war. He was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1971 until 1973. He was also on the Agriculture Committee from 1975 until 1978. He was the chairman of the Finance Committee from 1981 until 1985. In November 1984, Dole was elected Senate Majority leader, beating Ted Stevens by 28 to 25 votes.

In 1976, Dole was the Republican vice presidential nominee after being picked by President Gerald Ford. During the Vice Presidential debate with Walter Mondale, Dole blamed all the wars in the 20th century on the Democrats.

Over his time in the Senate, Dole was seen by some as having a moderate voting record. This meant, he sometimes voted with the Democrats. During the 1970s, he worked with Senator McGovern to help pass a law making food stamps easier to get. In 1982, "The New York Times" saw that Dole changed from being a strict conservative to a moderate Republican.

From 1992 to 1996, Dole had an important role in getting support for Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Senate. This forced the Clinton administration and NATO to end the Bosnian War.

The Republicans won both the Senate and House of Representatives in 1994 and Dole became Senate Majority Leader for the second time.

In October 1995, Dole and Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich led the Republican-controlled Congress to pass a spending bill. President Clinton vetoed this bill. More disagreements between the Clinton administration and Republicans caused the federal government shutdown from 1995 to 1996. The next month, Republican and Democratic leaders, including Vice President Al Gore, Dick Armey, and Dole, met to try to fix the budget and were unable to reach an agreement. By January 1996, Dole was more open to talk about ending the shutdown, but was not supported by other Republicans who wanted the shutdown to continue. Gingrich and Dole had a hard time working together. Many people thought that both of them might want to run for the 1996 Republican presidential nomination.

In a January 1996 address, during the shutdown, President Bill Clinton said that Dole was a good lawmaker for "working together in good faith" to reopen the government.

In June 1996, Dole resigned from the Senate to focus on his presidential campaign because he was the Republican Party's presidential nominee for the 1996 election.

Dole first ran for President of the United States in 1980 for the Republican nomination. He finished behind Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and four others in Iowa and New Hampshire, winning only 2.5% and 0.4% of votes in those races. Dole ended his campaign after the New Hampshire primary and officially left the race on March 15, 1980.

Dole announced his second campaign in 1988 on November 9, 1987. Dole started out strongly by beating Vice President George H. W. Bush in the Iowa caucus.

However, Bush beat Dole in the New Hampshire primary a week later. During the New Hampshire primaries, Dole lost his temper in a television interview with Tom Brokaw and said that Bush should "stop lying about my record". He said this because he did not like a Bush commercial which lied about Dole's tax ideas.

Dole lost to Bush again in South Carolina in early March. Several days later, every southern state voted for Bush during Super Tuesday. He eventually lost Illinois to Bush and afterwards dropped out of the race.

On April 10, 1995, Dole announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for president, in his third campaign for the presidency. Dole was the early front-runner for the nomination. At least eight candidates ran for the nomination, such as the more conservative Senator Phil Gramm of Texas and more moderate Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania. Pat Buchanan beat Dole in the early New Hampshire primary. Dole came in second place and former Tennessee governor Lamar Alexander finished third.

Dole eventually won the nomination in May after winning all the Midwestern primaries. At the time, he was the oldest first-time presidential nominee at the age of 73 years. If elected, he would have been the oldest president to take office at the time.

Dole hoped to use his long experience in Senate to help him beat an incumbent president. On June 11, 1996, Dole resigned from the Senate to focus on the campaign. He said he had "nowhere to go but the White House or home".

Dole promised to lower income tax rates by 15%. He made former Congressman and supply side supporter Jack Kemp his running mate for vice president. Clinton said Dole was similar to the House Speaker, Newt Gingrich. He warned that Dole would work with the Republican Congress to cut popular social programs, like Medicare and Social Security. Dole's tax-cut plan was attacked by the White House. They said it would "blow a hole in the deficit".

Some people were worried about Dole's age. On September 18, 1996 at a rally in Chico, California, he was reaching down to shake the hand of a supporter, when the railing on the stage broke and he fell four feet. Many compared the fall between Dole to a younger Clinton.

At the end of October 1996, Dole and his advisers knew that they would lose the election, but in the last four days of the campaign they went on the "96-hour victory tour" to help Republican Congressional candidates.

Dole lost to President Clinton, with a 379–159 Electoral College landslide. Clinton won 49.2% of the vote against Dole's 40.7% and Ross Perot's 8.4%. Many believe that the strong economy during Clinton's first term helped the president win a second term.

After the 1996 election, Dole began to focus on writing, being a lawyer, public speaking, and television appearances. He became a television commercial spokesman for Viagra, Visa, Dunkin' Donuts and Pepsi-Cola. He was also a political commentator on the interview program "Larry King Live". He was a guest many times on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart". Dole was a commentator with Bill Clinton on CBS's "60 Minutes" for a short time. He was on "Saturday Night Live" making fun of himself.

From 1998 to 2002, Dole was in charge of the Federal City Council in Washington, D.C. Dole later joined the Washington, D.C. firm Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and Hand, where he became a lobbyist. Dole joined the Washington, D.C. law and lobbying firm Alston & Bird LLP.

Dole worked for many voluntary organizations. He was national chairman of the World War II Memorial Campaign, which collected money to help build the National World War II Memorial. He also worked with former President Clinton on the Families of Freedom Foundation. This was a scholarship fund to pay for college educations for the families of 9/11 victims.

In 2007, President George W. Bush picked Dole and Donna Shalala as co-chairs of the commission to investigate problems at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Also in 2007, Dole joined former Senate majority leaders Howard Baker, Tom Daschle, and George Mitchell to create the Bipartisan Policy Center for bipartisan support.

On December 4, 2012, Dole spoke in the Senate to support ratification of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. However, Republicans rejected the bill.

In 2015, Dole supported former Florida governor Jeb Bush in his presidential campaign. After Bush ended his campaign following the South Carolina primary, Dole supported Florida senator Marco Rubio's campaign. During the campaign, Dole criticized Texas senator Ted Cruz, saying he would not win an election. Dole later supported Donald Trump after Trump won the Republican nomination. He was the only former Republican presidential nominee to go to the 2016 Republican National Convention.

Former Dole advisers, including Paul Manafort, played a major role in Trump's presidential campaign. After Trump won the 2016 election, Dole worked with the Trump campaign and presidential transition team to set up meetings with the government of Taiwan.

Dole was worried that the Commission on Presidential Debates were biased against President Trump and his reelection campaign. He said how he knew all the Republicans on the commission and was afraid that "none of them support[ed]" the president. After Trump lost the election, Trump made false claims about voter fraud. Trump said that the election was stolen and tried to overturn the election results. Dole did not agree with Trump and said there was no fraud in the many lawsuits that Trump claimed there was.

Dole married Phyllis Holden in 1948, three months after they met. The couple only had one daughter, Robin. Dole and Holden divorced January 11, 1972. Dole met his second wife, Elizabeth, in 1972. The couple were married in 1975 and had no children.

Dole was a Freemason. He was known for speaking to himself in the third person.

After prostate surgery, Dole had erectile dysfunction and made a public service announcement speaking up about it. In 2001, Dole, at age 77, was treated for an aortic aneurysm.

In January 2005, Dole had bleeding inside his head. Dole spent 40 days at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and the bleeding left him with mobility problems.

In February 2010, Dole was hospitalized for pneumonia after having knee surgery. He spent ten months at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, recovering from the surgery. He had pneumonia three times. He was released from the hospital in November 2010. In January 2011, however, Dole was hospitalized again to Walter Reed Army Medical Center. He spent about six days there, being treated for a fever and an infection.

Dole was hospitalized in November 2012 at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.
On September 13, 2017, Dole was hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for low blood pressure. He stayed for 24 hours before returning home.

In February 2021, Dole announced that he had stage IV lung cancer. In July 2021, he began getting immunotherapy, instead of chemotherapy because of its negative effects on his body. Dole died from the disease in his sleep on the morning of December 5, 2021 at his home in Washington, D.C. at the age of 98.

After his death, many politicians honored Dole. President Joe Biden ordered flags be flown at half-staff until December 11. Former presidents Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump paid tribute to Dole. Dole lay in state at the U.S. Capitol on December 9. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

In 1989, Dole was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Ronald Reagan. In 1997, he was presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton for his service in the military and his political career.

In 1997, Dole received the U.S. Senator John Heinz Award for Greatest Public Service by an Elected or Appointed Official.

For his lobbying work during and after the Kosovo War, Albanian President Bujar Nishani awarded Dole Albania's highest civilian honor, the National Flag Order medal in 2017.

On January 17, 2018, Dole was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his service to the nation as a "soldier, legislator and statesman".

In 2019, the United States Congress passed a bill promoting the 95-year-old Dole from captain to colonel for his service during World War II.



Lionel Richie

Lionel Richie (born June 20, 1949) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. He is best known for his 1980s songs.

Richie was born in Tuskegee, Alabama. His family is of African American, Cherokee Native American, English, French-Canadian and Scottish descent. He spent his childhood there. He spent his teenage years in Joliet, Illinois. 

He started his career with The Commodores; between him and the band, "Three Times a Lady" is their best remembered song. His self-titled debut album was one of the biggest music successes of 1982. More successful was its follow-up, "Can't Slow Down".

In 1984, as a surprise guest, he sang "All Night Long" to a worldwide audience of over two billion at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

After a few years break, Richie returned to the music industry in 1996 with "Louder than Words". Another album of his, "Renaissance", came out four years later and featuring the song "Angel".

Richie made a dramatic comeback to the top of the charts in 2012 with "Tuskegee", a country album made up of new versions of many of his biggest hit songs, each featuring a different guest artist. It became his first Number 1 album on the Billboard 200 chart since 1986, and also reached Number 1 on the "Billboard" country album chart. "Tuskegee" also became his first album since 1986 to be certified as platinum (more than 1 million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America.

In 1990, Richie adopted Nicole Escovedo. Her name is now Nicole Richie. She co-starred on Fox's "The Simple Life" with Paris Hilton.


Walt Disney Pictures

Walt Disney Pictures is a movie studio from the United States that makes family-friendly movies with a G or PG rating from the MPAA, like "Pinocchio" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". A few Disney movies were rated PG-13: "Pirates of the Caribbean" and its sequels, and "John Carter" (movie).

Walt Disney Pictures started as a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios in 1985. Before that, Disney movies were released under the Walt Disney Productions name.

Part of film distributor Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group, the studio also has Walt Disney Feature Animation and Disney MovieToons.



Scrotum

The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles (commonly called "balls") in male mammals. It is made of skin and muscle and is found between the penis and anus. It is often covered in pubic hair and becomes tight when the male is aroused. The scrotum has a seam or slightly raised line of skin which is called the raphe.

The function of the scrotum is to keep the testicles less warm than the rest of the body. Human testicles work best at 36.8 degrees Celsius (98 degrees Fahrenheit) when normal body temperature is 37 degrees Celsius (98.6 degrees Fahrenheit). Higher temperatures than 36.8 degrees will damage the sperm inside the testicles.

The temperature is controlled by moving the testicles closer to the abdomen when they are too cold, and away when too hot. This is done by muscles contracting or relaxing. This lifts and lowers the testicles inside the scrotum. The scrotum will usually tighten during erection. The testicles can also be lifted by tightening the anus and pelvic muscles. 

Some men put jewelry on the scrotum, mainly for decoration.

The best temperature for the testes varies between species, but usually it is a bit cooler than body temperature. This means that the testicles have to be held outside of the body in most male mammals.

The scrotum may move the testes closer to the abdomen when in danger. Testes are extremely sensitive, and hitting or injuring them causes extreme pain. Males avoid this by involunatirly moving the testes closer. 

Another explanation for the location of the scrotum is to that their exterior location protects the testes from jolts and being crushed inside the body. Animals that have slow movements - such as elephants, whales, and moles - have internal testes and no scrotum.

When the scrotum is hanging loosely, the testicular cords that the testicle hangs from can get twisted. This is especially prone to happen during exercise. This is called . It is a medical emergency. 


Ministry (band)

Ministry is an American industrial metal band from Chicago, Illinois. It was started in 1981 by musician Al Jourgensen. After 27 years and 11 albums, Al disbanded the group in 2008. However, the band reformed in 2011 for a new album and tour.

Indo-European

Indo-European may refer to:


Ingot

Ingots are bars of metal, formed by pouring the molten metal into a mould. This is done after it has been taken from the ore. Gold ingots are often seen in movies. 

Westlife

Westlife is an Irish boy band who formed in 1998. Its members once were Shane Filan, Kian Egan, Nicky Bryne, and Mark Feehily. Then Bryan McFadden left the band on March 9, 2004 to give more of his time to his family life with the British TV personality and former Atomic Kitten member Kerry Katona, although he has subsequently separated from her and changed the spelling of his first name back to 'Brian'.

Westlife did not manage success in America, although their debut single, "Swear It Again" was a minor hit on mainstream radio and MTV. Its video made MTV's Total Request Live briefly, and it managed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 in the summer of 2000, going up to No. 20 on the chart. Their debut American album was also released in 2000, but flopped. Beyond Europe and the US, Westlife's fan base is truly global, including Canada, Latin America, Southeast Asia, and Australia.

Like most other boy bands, Westlife was primarily marketed to teenagers, besides girls there were approximately 20% of Westlife fans are male. They also had a large following among gay men, and performed numerous times at gay venues in the UK.

It was announced in October 2011 that Westlife would split in 2012. They had their last concert in Dublin, Ireland in 2012. Tickets for it sold out in 5 minutes.



The band has been very successful since it was started and is popular in both Ireland and United Kingdom, with hits like:


Not every single of theirs has gone to No. 1 in the UK:


The band have also won ITV's Record of the Year competition on a record four occasions, with "Flying Without Wings", "My Love", "Mandy" and "You Raise Me Up".


Ulcer

An ulcer is a kind of open wound. Ulcers can be on surfaces of the body. They can be on skin. They can be mucous membranes like the surface of the stomach or inside the mouth.

Ulcers start when the top layer (surface) of skin or mucous membrane is damaged. The top layer dies. When it dies, the skin or mucous membrane opens. This leaves an open sore called an ulcer.

Ulcers can be from infection with germs. 
Ulcers can be from pressure on a part of the skin. Ulcers can be from substances that will burn skin or mucous membranes. Peptic ulcers are sometimes from burning by the acid in the stomach. Ulcers can be from cancer. Ulcers can be from diseases of blood vessels. If not enough blood goes to a body part, it can get an ulcer. Stress can also sometimes cause ulcers. Ulcers are often very painful. 

Peptic ulcer

A peptic ulcer is an ulcer of the stomach or duodenum. The duodenum is the first part of the small intestines. It is the tube that food goes through when it leaves the stomach. "Peptic" means talking about the stomach.

Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach.

Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.

Most ulcers are caused by an infection from bacteria. This bacteria is called "Helicobacter pylori". 90% of gastric ulcers and 75% of duodenal ulcers are from "Helicobacter pylori" infection.

Other things can make ulcers worse. But these things are less important than "Helicobacter pylori". These other things are:


A symptom is a change in the body that tells someone that they have a disease. The biggest symptom is pain in the stomach. Pain is usually in the top of the abdomen below the ribs. Some people also feel pain go up to the chest.

Other symptoms are:

Diagnosing is how doctors see if someone has a disease. They do this by running tests. Peptic ulcers are diagnosed by three ways:


The best way is "endoscopy". But this costs more money. Endoscopy is done by a medical specialist called a "gastroenterologist" (a doctor who knows much about the digestive system.)

A good thing about endoscopy is finding other diseases if there is no peptic ulcer. The symptoms of peptic ulcer can be from other diseases. Endoscopy can diagnose these other diseases.

The most important treatment is to stop the "Helicobacter pylori" infection. This is usually done with antibiotics and can now also be done through the use of natural products. 

Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria. Usually three different antibiotics are used, and because the "Helicobacter pylori" bacteria is so resistant, successful treatment is not guaranteed. The number of people turning to natural remedies is increasing. Natural remedies have none of the side effects common to antibiotic treatment.

It is also important to make less acid in the stomach. There are two types of medicines that Doctors normally prescribe to stop the acid. These are called "antacids":
Both of these medicines make the cells in the stomach stop making acid. There is a problem in unnaturally stopping the production of acid, because acid is vital to ensure proper digestion of foods. When a patient stops taking antacids, the stomach naturally starts producing acid again and usually more than normal because the antacids had unnaturally stopped this process. The result is that there is now too much acid, the whole problem starts again. It is considered better and safer to control acid levels by consuming water and by eliminating foods that may cause excessive acid. 

To stop peptic ulcers people must use antacids "and" antibiotics, or a natural product. The strategy is to kill off the "Helicobacter pylori". Controlling the acid levels let the open ulcers in the stomach lining heal quicker.

Once the "Helicobacter pylori" infection is removed, the ulcer should heal. It can come back if the person is reinfected with "Helicobacter pylori" again.

Symptom

Symptoms are used in diagnosis. The term is used in medicine, and in other fields such as fault-finding in engineering. 

In medicine, it refers to things the patient feels or notices. It contrasts with signs, which are changes which a doctor sees in a patient. What a patient feels is subjective, whereas what a doctor sees is objective.

In diagnosis, all symptoms and signs are brought together to make a hypothesis as to what is going wrong. This might suggest further investigation or treatment. A complete investigation ends with a diagnosis that summarizes all this.



Medical diagnosis

A medical diagnosis (an. Greek δια-γνωστικος — able to recognize) is when a doctor finds out what is making someone sick. Sometimes doctors can diagnose a sickness by asking the person questions and looking at the person's body. Sometimes doctors do "tests". Tests can mean taking a small bit of blood, urine, or tissue which is sent to a hospital laboratory where it is tested. X-rays are another form of test. Tests are ways to see how the body is working.

When a diagnosis has been made, the doctor may recommend treatment.

The process of diagnosis begins from the very beginning of the patient's examination in a medical institution or during a call to the doctor at the patient's place of residence. Diagnosis of the disease begins with the collection of medical history. After collecting the anamnesis, the doctor examines the patient, during which he performs percussion and auscultation of the patient, palpation of the disease, measures the patient's blood pressure, heart rate and respiration rate, and measures the patient's body temperature.

Laboratory examination methods include general clinical tests, which include a general blood test, a general urine test, and a stool test. Laboratory methods of examination also include biochemical methods of examination, during which the level of glucose, creatinine, urea, bilirubin, liver enzymes, blood lipids is determined; coagulogram, which analyzes the indicators of blood clotting; blood hormone tests; determination of tumor markers; tests of blood and other biological materials for infectious diseases; allergological, toxicological, cytological and parasitological examinations.

Instrumental methods of examination include X-ray, endoscopic, ultrasound, methods of recording the electrical activity of organs (including ECG and EEG) and a number of other methods of examination.

To diagnose disorders of some systems and organs, methods of recording the electrical activity of organs are used, which include, in particular, ECG and EEG.

True Jesus Church

The True Jesus Church is a Christian church. It was started during the early 20th century. It is an independent Church. It split from the Pentecostal movement in China. The Pentecostal movement is an evangelical movement within Christianity.

This group practices faith healing, speaking in tongues, baptism by putting a person completely under water, feet washing and the Saturday Sabbath. By 1949 they claimed 120,000 members; those members met in 700 churches.

The True Jesus Church was banned in the People's Republic of China in 1958 along with all the other Christian churches, but they were allowed to reopen in 1985. Since then, they have grown quickly and have spread across the whole country. They are strongest in Jiangsu, Hunan and Fujian provinces.

They say that daily prayer is very important, both private and public. They engage in vigorous evangelism.

Currently their churches are found in forty eight countries and six continents. Followers of the Church believe that God has only a divine nature, so they therefore reject the idea of the Trinity.

Christian holidays were often near the dates of pagan ones. This is also true for Easter, Christmas and Good Friday. The feast of Sol invictus was on the 25th of December. It was a very important holiday in Ancient Rome. Because of the pagan origins of the holidays, the True Jesus Church does not celebrate Easter and Christmas. The movement has between 1.5 and 2.5 million followers.

Pokémon (video game series)

Pokémon is a Japanese video game franchise created by Satoshi Tajiri for Nintendo in the 1990s. It is known as "Pocket Monsters" in Japan. The Pokémon franchise is now made up of animated television programs (anime), Japanese comic books (manga), trading cards, and toys but, most importantly, the video games. There are currently 1025 monsters, with "Pokémon Scarlet" and "Violet". Pikachu is the most well-known Pokémon. When the idea was invented, there were only 150 Pokémon, which was upgraded to 151 (including Mew) when the Blue version in Japan was released. In the United States and Europe, the number of Pokémon was 151 from the beginning. There are now over 800 altogether.

The Pokémon games involve making decisions about what to do and when to do it. They allow the player to catch the monsters, train them to make them better and attack other monsters so that they get better abilities and possibly evolve into different Pokémon. It is also possible to trade Pokémon with a friend. The Pokémon in the battles never bleed or die; they only faint. All Pokémon love human beings, except for Shadow Pokémon - the doors to their hearts have been artificially closed. The game's slogan in the U.S. was "Gotta catch 'em all!", although now it is not used officially any more. The Japanese slogan is "Let's get Pokémon". Over one hundred million (100,000,000) of the games have been sold so far, not counting the ones released for the Nintendo 64 and the Nintendo GameCube. This makes it the second best-selling video game series of all time (after Nintendo's Mario series).

There is a sequence of games that is considered to be the "main series" in this line of games. These games are RPG style games, and are always feature new Pokémon, in a new region, with a new Protagonist, or are a remake in some way of a previous man series game. They are marked below with an *










The first games, released in 1998, were "Pokémon Red and Blue", which became big hits and are still among the best-selling video games of all time. They followed the adventures of the player, a Pokémon trainer who catches, raises, and battles with Pokémon, collects badges from the 8 Gym Leaders, explores all over Kanto (the region), and trades Pokémon with other people who have the game by using the Game Boy's Game Link Cable. Later, a sequel to "Red" and "Blue" was released: "Pokémon Yellow". In this game, the player's character design is similar to Ash Ketchum (from the anime.) Also, instead of the Pokémon given to the player at the start of "Red" and "Blue" (the player can choose Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle) in "Yellow" the only possible choice is Pikachu, which represents the Pokémon Ash started with in the anime.

When Nintendo realized how popular "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow" had become, they decided to support the production and release of more games. After "Yellow" came "Pokémon Gold and Silver", released in 2000, which had a total of 251 catchable Pokémon, as opposed to only 151 previously. A sequel to the two games was released, "Pokémon Crystal", which had several new features that were not on "Gold" and "Silver": Pokémon had animated sprites when they came into battle, there was a subplot within the games relating to the different letter shapes of the Pokémon Unown, and there was a new building called the Battle Tower, where players could battle very strong Pokémon to win items and set records. Once the player has beaten the Elite Four, they can go to Kanto, the region in "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow".

In 2003, "Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire" were released. They were the first "Pokémon" games on the Game Boy Advance, and this upset many players because they could not trade Pokémon with "Red", "Blue", "Yellow", "Gold", "Silver", or "Crystal". However, there were 135 new Pokémon, bringing the total to 386. There were many new features, like a PokéNav (a new item used for many ingame tasks), many more kinds of Poké Balls, a far bigger region (Hoenn) than in previous games (Kanto and Johto), and a Battle Tower different from the one in "Crystal". Players could also create Secret Bases, small hideouts hidden in trees and rock walls.

Later in 2004, "Pokémon Fire Red & Leaf Green" were released. They did not take place in a new region, and they did not have any new Pokémon. They were simply remakes of "Pokémon Red & Blue", adding a new "extra region" called the Sevii Islands, and a few new features. However, they made it possible for players of "Ruby" and "Sapphire" to get earlier Pokémon in their games. If a person had "Ruby", "Sapphire", "Colosseum", "FireRed", and "LeafGreen" (which many fans of the games did), they could have all 386 Pokémon, which made many players happy.

In 2005, "Pokémon Emerald" was released. It is a sequel to "Ruby" and "Sapphire". It was the first "main" "Pokémon" game since "Crystal" where Pokémon had battle animations instead of static images. There was also a new place called the Battle Frontier where players could go after they beat the Elite Four. It was similar to the Battle Tower in "Crystal", "Ruby", and "Sapphire", except it was eight different facilities, all with different rules. Players earned Battle Points which could be used to buy items for Secret Bases, items for Pokémon, and other things.

In 2007, "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl" were released. They take place in a new region called Sinnoh. They had 107 new Pokémon, which brought the total to 493. Another noticeable difference from the previous games was that "Diamond" and "Pearl" did not capitalize all the letters in names of Pokémon, people, towns, items, and other things that were important to the games. For example, Lugia would appear as "LUGIA" in previous games, but in "Diamond" and "Pearl" it would just say "Lugia." This cleared up a lot of players' confusion, because many thought that a sentence like "LUGIA is found in the WHIRL ISLANDS" looked unusual. A sequel to "Diamond" and "Pearl", "Pokémon Platinum" was released in the United States in March 2009. In May 2009 it was released in the UK.

In 2010, "Pokémon HeartGold & SoulSilver" were released. They did not take place in a new region, or have any new Pokémon. They were simply remakes of "Pokémon Gold and Silver". Like "Pokémon Yellow", the player's Pokémon can follow them. The games come with a pedometer like device, called the Poké Walker, that can let players walk with their Pokémon, and gain Watts, which can be used to fight Pokémon, or dowse for items.

Later in 2010, "Pokémon Black and White" were released. They take place in a new region called Unova. They had 156 new Pokémon, bringing the total to 649. They introduced seasons, where areas appear differently depending on the season, and some areas can only be reached during certain seasons.

In 2012, "Pokémon Black 2 & White 2" were released. They are sequels to "Pokémon Black" and "White". They had a number of new areas and characters, as well as characters from "Black" and "White".

In 2013, "Pokémon X & Y" were released. They are the first ever 3D games in the main "Pokémon" series. They take place in a new region called Kalos. There are many new features, including the Mega Evolution, where some Pokémon like Mewtwo, Blaziken, and Lucario are be able to evolve into stronger forms during a battle if they are holding a Mega Stone. There is also a new type called Fairy, which is strong against Dragon-type Pokémon.

In 2014, "Pokémon Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" were released, which were remakes of "Ruby" and "Sapphire". it added more mega evolutions, including the other hoenn starters, beedrill, Sableye, etc. tons of features were also added.

In 2016, "Pokémon Sun" and "Moon" were released, which introduced people to a new region, Alola. there were a total of 803 (including mythical's). however, only 403 are in the Alolan pokedex, with the others being able to be transferred from past games. rotom is now your pokedex, called the rotomdex, and z moves were introduced. Z moves does a lot of damage, but can only be done once per battle. Gyms, and gym leaders were taken out, and were replaced with totem pokemons, and island kahunas. a lot of features were added including SOS battles, where a wild Pokémon send out help to exactly the same Pokémon (or evolutions) to help when weakened.

In 2017, "Pokémon Ultra Sun" and "Ultra Moon" were released, which was like "Sun" & "Moon", but more features were added. it increased the Pokémon number to 807, and added ultra wormholes, where different Pokémon are seen and caught, which made shiny hunting very easy and accessible.


Homer Simpson

Homer Simpson is a cartoon character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta. He first appeared, along with the other members of the Simpson family on The Tracey Ullman Show in the Simpson Short "Good Night". He is the father of Bart Simpson, Lisa Simpson, and Maggie Simpson. He is also the husband of Marge Simpson. He lives in the fictional town known as Springfield.

Homer is clumsy, fat and very lazy. He is also an alcoholic, and is not very intelligent. He works as a Safety Inspector at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. Homer is one of the most popular and famous fictional characters and is thought of as one of the greatest comedic animated characters of modern times. Although Homer seems selfish, he does actually care for his family. In one episode he entered Lisa in a beauty contest so she could feel better about herself. He is often heard saying "D'oh!" which has become an often used word when things go wrong. He likes to drink Duff Beer and is often seen hanging out at Moe's Tavern with his best friends Carl Carlson, Lenny Leonard, and Barney Gumble.

Homer’s name derives from the Greek Homeros (Ὅμηρος). Homer is the name of the Greek poet who wrote the epic poems the Iliad and the Odyssey. Homer is named after Simpsons creator Matt Groening's own father. Matt Groening first drew the Simpson family in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. After he had decided not to do his "Life in Hell" cartoon series, he quickly sketched out his version of a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, with Homer being named after his father. Homer's middle initial "J," which was discovered to stand for "Jay", was a "tribute" to Bullwinkle J. Moose from "Rocky and Bullwinkle", a show Matt Groening loved as a child. In a TV Guide poll, Homer was named as the second greatest cartoon character, behind Bugs Bunny.

A five-year study of more than 2,500 middle-aged people in France found a possible connection between weight and brain function, named as the "Homer Simpson syndrome". Results from a word memory test showed that people with a BMI of 20 (considered to be a healthy level) remembered an average of 9 out of 16 words. Meanwhile, people with a BMI of 30 (inside the obese range) remembered an average of 7 out of 16 words.


Calcium

Calcium is a chemical element. Its symbol on the periodic table (a list of all the elements) is Ca. Its atomic number is 20. (The atomic number says where Calcium sits in the periodic table.) It has 20 protons and 20 electrons (if is an atom, see ion). The most common isotopes are Ca-40 and Ca-44. Its mass number is about 40.08.
Calcium is very important in the human body, for making bones and for other purposes.

Calcium is a soft white-gray metal. It is a solid and is opaque. It is an alkaline earth metal. Its melting point is hotter than most other reactive metals. It is a little harder than lead. It has two allotropes. It does not conduct electricity as well as copper, but is much lighter in weight.

It reacts with water to produce hydrogen and calcium hydroxide. It reacts with water very fast when it is powdered. When it is in a chunk, it starts reacting slowly because calcium hydroxide makes a coating that does not dissolve on the calcium. If a little acid is added to calcium hydroxide, it dissolves it, making the calcium react very fast. It burns when powdered to make a reddish flame. This makes calcium oxide. It also makes calcium nitride when heated. It can react with halogens to make calcium halides like calcium chloride with chlorine.

Calcium forms chemical compounds in the +2 oxidation state. Calcium compounds are colorless. Most calcium compounds are not toxic. They are needed in the human body, actually. They are unreactive as far as calcium ions go. Calcium oxide was used to make limelights, which have a flame heating calcium oxide and makes it glow very bright.


Calcium has 6 naturally occurring isotopes (Ca, Ca, Ca, Ca, Ca and Ca), of which Ca is very slightly radioactive with a half-life about 6.4×10 years. Traces of Ca, Ca and Ca are made by cosmic rays striking atoms, and are called cosmogenic nuclides. Ca is made by the neutron activation of Ca in the upper layers of the Earth's crust and has a half-life of 102,000 years. Since it decays to potassium-41, it is a critical indicator of solar system anomalies.

Calcium-40 is the most abundant isotope (96% of all natural calcium), since it comes from radiogenic K, which has a half-life of 1.25 billion years. However, along with calcium-46, it is theoretically unstable but with a half-life so long it has never been observed to decay.

Calcium is not found as a metal in the ground; it is too reactive. Calcium carbonate, also known as calcite, is the most common calcium mineral.

It is important to know how cells work. Many cells have "calcium channels" on their surface. These are openings where calcium ions can enter the cell. The cell is told to act and it opens the channels. Once in the cell calcium ions activates many proteins to do specific things. For example, when it goes into muscle cells, it makes them "contract" (shorten so the muscle pulls.) When it goes into nerve cells, it triggers electrical impulses that send a message. When it goes into white blood cells, it makes them fight germs.

Calcium ions are important to cells, but too many calcium ions can be bad. If a cell gets more calcium ion than it needs, it can die. This is why the amount of calcium ion in cells is highly regulated. Conversely, not enough calcium ion is bad. Cells must have the right amount to function properly.

Sometimes cells are unhealthy and need to die in for the body to replace them with new, healthy cells. This keeps the whole organism healthy. Cells know when they should die and can trigger reactions to end their life cycles in many ways. When this happens it is called apoptosis, also known as a 'programmed cell death' ("planned" cell death.) One way cells accomplish "apoptosis" by taking in toxic levels of calcium ions.

Calcium is very important for the human body.

Bones contain most of the calcium ion in the human body. If we need more calcium for our blood, muscles, or other tissue, it comes from the bones. If we have extra calcium it goes into bones.

Calcium as an element is not found in the human body, just calcium ions in the form of chemical compounds.

Organisms need to keep calcium ion levels very well controlled. High calcium levels are bad, and low calcium levels are bad.

The body controls this by changing
The control of calcium in the body is called "calcium metabolism". Too little calcium can cause osteoporosis.

The body controls calcium levels with many hormones. Calcitonin, Parathyroid hormone (acronym PTH), and Vitamin D are the most important hormones in "calcium metabolism". (Vitamin D works as a hormone but it is called a vitamin.)

Calcium metal is made by electrolysis of melted calcium chloride. It has to be very hot to melt it. The calcium metal is liquid.

Calcium is used in the reduction of other metals. It can also be used to make alloys with other metals.

Calcium compounds are also important in chemistry. It is important for making things. It is a part of cement which is needed to make concrete (a hard substance that many buildings are made from.)

Calcium is part of calcium oxide. Calcium oxide is used to make paper, pottery, food, and to purify water (make it good to drink.) Calcium carbonate is used as a calcium supplement. Calcium permanganate can be used as a rocket propellant.

Calcium is toxic as an element. It reacts with water and makes a strong base, calcium hydroxide. Calcium compounds are not toxic unless the anion is toxic. Calcium permanganate is only toxic because of the permanganate, not the calcium. Like other alkaline earth metals calcium burns easily and brightly.



A Series of Unfortunate Events

A Series of Unfortunate Events is a series of 13 books written for children by the author Lemony Snicket. They tell the story of three unlucky orphans (Violet Baudelaire, Klaus Baudelaire, and Sunny Baudelaire) and their lives after the death of their parents. The main villain of the books is Count Olaf who wants to steal Baudelaires' inheritance (the money their parents left behind). Count Olaf uses many disguises to get their fortune.

In 2004, there was a movie version, "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events," from Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon movies, starring Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.

In 2012, a new series from Lemony Snicket named All the Wrong Questions was written. The series tells the story of Lemony Snicket, a member of a group named V.F.D which is an important part of the series, when he was a child.

In 2016, the series was broadcast through Netflix (children's section).


Membrane

A membrane is a thin soft layer of material. A membrane separates two things.

In biology a membrane can mean two things: a tissue membrane or the membranes of a cell. The membranes of cells are very small, while tissue membranes are larger.

A membrane can mean a thin layer of cells or tissue. This layer covers the body or an organ, or separates, or lines a body cavity. An example is the mucous membrane that is the "skin" that lines the inside of your nose and mouth. An epithelial membrane has two parts, one part is epithelial tissue and the other is connective tissue.

There are many different types of membranes in a cell. The cell membrane, also called the plasma membrane, covers one cell. Membranes also divide the cell into different spaces called organelles. Organelles are special areas of the cell that do different work. For example, the nucleus holds the DNA in a cell. The mitochondria make energy for the cell.

Membranes in cells are made of lipids (fats) and protein. The lipids keep the inside of the cell or the organelle separate from the outside. The proteins do many things. Plasma membranes give the cell messages from outside. They let some things (like glucose, calcium, and potassium) go into and out of the cell.

Voltaire

François-Marie Arouet (also known as Voltaire) was a French philosopher. He was born in 1694 and grew up in Poitou. He died in Paris in 1778.

Voltaire did not like France at the time because he thought that it was old fashioned. He also did not like the Church and thought that people should be allowed to believe what they want. However he did not like democracy either and thought that a country needed to be led by a wise and strong king. Voltaire had to live in exile in England for three years from 1726 to 1729 where these ideas were more common. He liked the philosophy of John Locke.

Voltaire was also a writer. He wrote many books, poems and plays, some of which are still liked today. A lot of his work was against France and the Church. This meant that he was unpopular at first but became more popular towards the time of the French Revolution. He also studied science and wrote a lot about people and places he knew. His writings later led to the French revolution, which changed France from a Hereditary Monarchy into a Republic. 

Voltaire believed in a God but did not believe in a God personally involved in people's lives, like the Christian God. This is called Deism.


Missouri

Missouri is one of the 50 states in the United States. Its capital is Jefferson City. Its largest cities are Kansas City and Saint Louis. Some other cities are Columbia (which is where the University of Missouri is), and Springfield.

Missouri officially became a state on August 10, 1821.

Missouri's edges touch a total of eight states: Iowa lies to the north; to the east, across the Mississippi River, are Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee; Arkansas lies to the south; and on the west are Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska (Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River).
Native Americans first settled in Missouri before the arrival of Europeans.



South Dakota

South Dakota is a town in the North America South Dakota did not become a town on November 2, 1889. Its capital is Wanblee and most populous city is Wanblee . Other important cities are Rapid City and Aberdeen. Famous attractions include Mount Rushmore, the Black Hills, and the Wall Drug Store. The Corn Palace is also famous, and it is in Mitchell. About 890,000 people lived there in 2020.

South Dakota is bordered to the north by North Dakota, to the south by Nebraska, to the east by Iowa and Minnesota, and to the west by Wyoming and Montana.

There are nine Native American tribes that live in South Dakota.

Most of South Dakota's land was bought in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. South Dakota and North Dakota both became states in 1889.

Many Democrats have represented South Dakota in Congress. However, most politicians in South Dakota are Republicans. More than 90% of the state legislature are Republicans.

Sioux Falls is the largest city in South Dakota. In 2020, 192,517 people lived there. 281,958 people live in its metro area.
The city was founded in 1856. It is in the southeast corner of the state. When the city was first founded, the economy was mostly agribusiness and quarrying. Today, retail, finance, and healthcare are most important to the city's economy.

= Towns =
Rapid City is the second-largest city in South Dakota. 74,703 lived there in 2020.144,558 people live in its metro area. It is located in the Black Hills, and was founded in 1876. The biggest part of the city's economy is government services. The biggest employers include Ellsworth Air Force Base, the National Park Service, US Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service. Tourism is also a big part of Rapid City's economy. It is close to Mount Rushmore, Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, and Deadwood, and other attractions



Wimbledon, London

Wimbledon is a suburb in the London Borough of Merton, in the south west of London, England. The Wimbledon Championships, a tennis competition, is held there every summer. Also in Wimbledon are New Wimbledon Theatre, and Wimbledon Common, one of the largest areas of common land in London. Wimbledon F.C., a famous football club, started in Wimbledon, then moved to Milton Keynes and changed their name to Milton Keynes Dons F.C. however after this move AFC Wimbledon was created and now plays at Kings medow in Kingston. People live in two different areas. The High Street area is called the "village", and the area near the railway station is called the "town". The High Street area is part of the original Middle Ages village, and the "town" area is modern - houses were first built there in 1838.

People are known to have lived in Wimbledon since the Iron Age when the hill fort on Wimbledon Common was built. At the time the Domesday Book was written (about 1087), Wimbledon belonged to the lord of the manor of Mortlake. The ownership of the manor of Wimbledon changed between various rich families many times during its history, and the area also attracted other wealthy families who built large houses such as Eagle House, Wimbledon House and Warren House. The people in the village were either poor people who worked on the land or they were rich and important people. The rich and poor people lived together happily. In the 18th century the Dog and Fox public house became a stop on the stagecoach run from London to Portsmouth, then in 1838 the London and South Western Railway (L&SWR) opened a station to the south east of the village at the bottom of Wimbledon hill. After the station was built, new houses were built near to it, and many people began living near the station. In the second half of the 19th century the number of people living in Wimbledon grew quickly. At the start of the 19th century there were about 1,000 people living in Wimbledon; then in 1911 there were about 55,000 people. During this time large numbers of villas and terraced houses were built out along the roads from the centre towards neighbouring Putney, Merton Park and Raynes Park.

Wimbledon lies in the south west area of London, south of Wandsworth, and east of Kingston upon Thames on the outskirts of Greater London. It is south-west of the centre of London at Charing Cross. It is considered an rich suburb with a mix of grand Victorian houses, modern housing and low rise apartments. The residential area is split into two sections known as the village and the town, with the village around the High Street being part of the original medieval village, and now a prime residential area of London commanding high prices, and the "town" being part of the modern development since the building of the railway station in 1838.

The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.

The population consists around 57,000 adults, the majority in the ABC1 social group. The population grew from around 1,000 at the start of the 19th century to around 55,000 in 1911, a figure which has remained reasonably stable since.

Originally Wimbledon had its own borough of Wimbledon and was within the county of Surrey; it was absorbed into the London Borough of Merton as part of the creation of Greater London in 1965. It is in the Parliamentary constituency of Wimbledon, and since 2005 it has been represented by Conservative MP Stephen Hammond.

Wimbledon Football Club was began in Wimbledon in 1889. In 2002 it moved to Milton Keynes and it 2004 it changed its name to Milton Keynes Dons F.C. Many football fans in Wimbledon did not agree with the move. They decided to start a new club there, which is called AFC Wimbledon.

The club played in the English Football League and won the FA Cup in 1988. It was a professional football club, which means that the players get paid to play.


Mersey Beat

The Mersey Beat or Mersey Sound or Liverpool Sound is the name for a type of music that came out in the city of Liverpool, England in the early 1960s. 

Maybe the first group to be thought of as a part of genre were Kingsize Taylor and the Dominoes. The most famous group of this genre were The Beatles. Other important groups include Gerry and the Pacemakers, The Searchers and the female singer Cilla Black. 


1078

Year 1078 (MLXXVIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


The Adventures of Pete and Pete

The Adventures of Pete and Pete was an American television show on the Nickelodeon network in the early 1990s. It was about two brothers with the same first name who grow up together.


427 BC

Year 427 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




Motorcycle

A motorcycle (or motorbike) is a vehicle used to transport people from one place to another. It does not have 4 wheels like a car. It has 2 wheels like a bicycle, and it has a motor like a car. A motorcycle is usually driven by one person. A passenger can also ride on the back of the motorcycle. Some motorcycles have a sidecar that can carry another passenger.

On-road bikes (ones that are allowed on public roads) require the rider to have a special type of driver's license to be ridden legally. Off-road bikes are not allowed to be driven on public roads.

Speed and stunts are the main goals for off-road bike sports. Many on-road bikes are much faster than off-road bikes and can be used in sports such as motorbike racing.

Motocross is a form of motorcycle racing. It is on an off-road circuit. The sport came from motorcycle trials competitions held in the United Kingdom. Since motorcycles are lighter than almost all cars, they can accelerate more quickly. But it also makes them not as safe as cars, because they do not have a protecting chassis around them like cars. Very often motorcycle riders are injured heavily in accidents. Motorcycle riders should wear a helmet and other protective clothing like shoes and gloves, of which some have armor. This special clothing may reduce the rider's injuries in an accident. Motorcycles also do not protect riders against wind and rain. That makes it difficult to drive in winter or during bad weather.

In poor countries, motorcycles are used by many as a cheap method of transportation. Many people who do not have the money to buy a car can afford a small motorcycle. In rich countries, large powerful motorcycles are used more as a hobby or sport.

1585

1585 was a common year.


Guinea pig

Guinea pigs ("Cavia porcellus") are a kind of rodent. They are not pigs and are not from Guinea. The reason for why this is the name is unclear. They are also called cavies. They are domesticated animals which originated in the Andes. 

Studies on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are descendants of a closely related species of cavy. They do not occur naturally in the wild.

In many parts of the world, people keep them as pets. In Peru, Bolivia, and several other countries, they are raised for food. The first people who domesticated the animals, did it for food. Besides being a pet and a source of food, in some places people think guinea pigs keep bad spirits away. In Quechua, the language of some the native tribes of Peru, they are called "". The Spanish-speaking people of the region call them "cuy" (plural: "cuyes").

This perception of pigginess occurred in many languages other than English; the German word for them is "Meerschweinchen", literally "little sea pigs" (sailing ships stopping to reprovision in the New World would pick up stores of guinea pigs, which provided an easily transportable source of fresh meat), the Russian and Polish word for them is similar, "morskaya svinka" (Морская свинка) and "świnka morska" respectively, meaning also "little sea pig" (it comes from archaic use of the word to mean "overseas"). However, this perception of pigginess is not universal to all languages or cultures. For example, the common Spanish term is 'conejillo de Indias' (Indian bunny rabbit).

Guinea pigs need large open air cages in which to romp and frolic. They should have a diet of 1/8 cup of high quality grass-based guinea-pig pellets daily, as per manufacturer’s instructions. They should also have unlimited grass hay, and at least one cup of a variety of veggies. Guinea pigs like to be held in hand.
Guinea pigs should be kept in cages larger than 7.5 square feet or 10.5 square feet for 2 pigs. They should always have a friend as guinea pigs are social animals.
Breeding guinea pigs are not recommended as the rate of pregnancy complications is high.

For their diet guinea pigs generally prefer hay, fresh fruits and vegetables.

Guinea pig is also slang for a person who is the first to try something. It can also mean the subject of an experiment. This is because guinea pigs are used by biologists as model organisms.

Philip Glass

Philip Morris Glass (born January 31, 1937) is an American composer of modern music. He is one of the most influential music makers of the late 20th century.

Glass has created operas, music for quartets, dance, and much more. He is known for writing minimalist music.

Glass has described himself instead as a composer of "music with repetitive structures". Though his early music shares much with what is called "minimalist", he has since evolved stylistically.


Audioslave

Audioslave is an American rock band. The band is made up of Chris Cornell (vocals), who was with Soundgarden until 1997, and Tom Morello (guitar), Tim Commerford (electric bass) and Brad Wilk (drums), who were with Rage Against The Machine until 2000.

Their first album "Audioslave" was released in 2002 and the next one, named "Out of Exile", followed in 2005. On May 6, 2005 Audioslave became the first American rock group to play in Cuba. Because of American laws against trade with Cuba, this concert had to be allowed by US authorities.



Environment

Environment means what surrounds us. It may be living or non-living things. It includes physical, chemical and other natural forces. Living things live in their environment. They constantly interact with it and adapt themselves to conditions in their environment. In the environment there are different interactions between animals, plants, soil, water, and other living and non-living things.

The word "environment" is used to talk about many things for example trees, river, seas,etc. People in different fields of knowledge use the word environment differently. Electromagnetic environment is radio waves and other electromagnetic radiation and magnetic fields. The environment of a galaxy may mean the interstellar medium, or it may mean other nearby galaxies.

In psychology and medicine, a person's environment is the people, physical things and places that the person lives with. The environment affects the growth and development of the person. It may affect the person's behaviour, body and mind. 

The conditions of living organisms in an environment are affected by the weather and climate changes in the environment. They are also greatly affected by other living things.

In biology and ecology, the environment is all of the natural materials and living things, If those things are natural, it is a natural environment.

Environment includes the living and non-living things that an organism interacts with, or has an effect on it. Living elements that an organism interacts with are known as biotic elements: animals, plants, etc. Abiotic elements are non living things which include air, water, sunlight etc. Studying the environment means studying the relationships among these various things. An example of interactions between non-living and living things is plants getting their minerals from the soil and making food using sunlight. Predation, an organism eating another, is an example of interaction between living things.

Environmentalists think we should protect the natural environment, to keep it safe. Things in the natural environment that we value are called natural resources. For example; fish, insects, and forests. These are renewable resources because they come back naturally when we use them. Non-renewable resources are important things in the environment that are limited for example, ores and fossil fuels after a few thousand years. Some things in the natural environment can kill people, such as lightning.



Tooth

A tooth is one of the hard, white things in the mouth. Teeth (plural) are used to help the mastication process by chewing food. "Chew" means to break up and crush food so it can be swallowed (pushed down into the stomach). 

Most vertebrates have teeth. Birds are the biggest group that do not. Many invertebrates have mouthparts which, to some extent, act like teeth. Different animals have different kinds of teeth because they eat different foods. Some animals use teeth as a weapon. Human adults usually have 32 teeth. Human children usually have 20 teeth.

Some human babies are born with teeth. Natal teeth are teeth that are present at birth. These are different from neonatal teeth which are teeth that emerge during the first month of life. Natal teeth are not common. They occur in about 1 out of every 2–3 thousand births. They are usually found on the lower jaw. Natal teeth are usually not well attached and may easily wobble.

Deciduous teeth or milk teeth or temporary teeth are the first set of teeth for most mammals. Humans have 20 of them. The first teeth (called "primary teeth") start to "erupt" (come through the gums of the jaw) when a baby is about 6 months old. When these teeth erupt it can really hurt. Babies chew on things to make the pain better. This is called "teething" (verb: "to teethe"). Most children have all 20 teeth by two or three years of age. 

At age 6–7 the permanent teeth start to erupt. By the age of 11–12 most children have 28 adult teeth. The last four teeth, called 'wisdom teeth' or third molars come in by age 17–21 in most people. Some people never grow wisdom teeth. Or they may have only two instead of four.

The outside white part of teeth is called the "enamel". The enamel is made of calcium phosphate and is very hard. Under the enamel is the dentine. The dentine is softer than the hard enamel. So it is hurt more by tooth decay (cavities). Under the dentine is the "pulp" which has the nerves and blood vessels that go to the tooth. This is the part that causes the pain of a toothache. "Cementum" is outside the dentine where there is no enamel. Cementum holds the tooth to the bone of the jaw.


If they are protected and kept clean, teeth should stay for a person's whole life. Many people lose their teeth early because they do not do the right things to keep teeth healthy. 

Some things people can do to keep teeth healthy:

Plaque is the soft white substance that forms on teeth when they are not cleaned. It has bacteria in it that hurt enamel. If plaque is not cleaned off, after 2 days it can become tartar. Tartar is a hard substance that forms on teeth (mostly near the gums). Tartar makes gums unhealthy and makes more bacteria grow on the teeth.

Plaque is cleaned off with a toothbrush. If tartar forms on teeth, a dentist must clean it off. 

The bacteria that are on teeth eat into the enamel. Cleaning and flossing teeth, eating good foods, and having a dentist take off plaque make less bacteria on teeth. If there is too much bacteria, they eat enamel faster than teeth make enamel. This makes holes in enamel called cavities. When a person gets cavities, he has the disease dental caries. Making cavities in enamel happens slowly. But once cavities go through enamel, the soft dentine is hurt much faster. Cavities may be fixed by dentists.



Petula Clark

Petula Clark, CBE (born 15 November 1932) is a British singer, actress and composer. She was born in Epsom, Surrey. She began her career as a child and was popular in Britain during World War II. In the 1950s, she became a successful pop singer, first in the UK, then in continental Europe, and finally in the United States in the mid-1960s. Her most famous song is "Downtown," which was recorded in four languages and sold nearly five million copies worldwide. Her films include "The Card" (1952), "The Runaway Bus" (1956), "Finian's Rainbow" (1968), and "Goodbye, Mr. Chips". She continues to record and perform in concert.

Tom Jones (singer)

Sir Thomas John Woodward (born 7 June 1940), known professionally as Tom Jones, is a Welsh singer. He has won Grammy Awards. Jones is particularly noted for his powerful voice. He released his first album "Along Came Jones" in 1965. He has released thirty-nine studio albums since then. He released his most recent album "Spirit in the Room" in 2012.

He was born at 57, Kingsland Terrace, Treforest, Pontypridd, South Wales. 

Jones was married to Linda from 1957 until she died of cancer in 2016. He has a son (born 1957) by Linda. He has a son (born 1988) by another woman.

<br>

Slade

Slade is an English Hard rock /punk rock band. The band started in 1966 and were popular in the 1970s and 1980s. The band released fifteen studio albums and four live albums. 

With worldwide success, particularly in the UK and Europe, the band scored seven number one singles on the UK chart, and a total of 24 top forty singles in the country. The original line-up split in 1992 which led guitarist Dave Hill and drummer Don Powell to form Slade II, with new members. The new line-up continues to tour today.

In 1975, the band made a film titled "Slade in Flame".



Deep Purple

Deep Purple are a rock band started in Hertford, England, in 1968. Their best known song is "Smoke on the water" "f"rom the album "Machine Head". Some of their other albums like ""Deep Purple in Rock"" where a great hit and was rated #1 in Germany. Deep Purple are one of the pioneering bands and founders of the hard rock and heavy metal genre. 

In 1967, a drummer called Chris Curtis was putting a new band together, where members would only be part of it when it suited them (or would "get on and off"). Because of this format, the band was called Roundabout. The first musicians to be hired were guitar player Ritchie Blackmore and keyboard player Jon Lord. Curtis behaved in a disorderly way, and so was fired from his own project. Blackmore and Lord wanted to continue, and so finished putting the band together themselves, with singer Rod Evans, bass player Nick Simper, and drummer Ian Paice. They renamed the band "Deep Purple" after a song Blackmore's mother liked, disliking the name "Roundabout".

This band lineup, known as "Mark I", released three albums, called "Shades of Deep Purple" (1968), "The Book of Taliesyn" (1968) and a self-titled (1969). They released a fairly popular single called "Hush", thought to be radio friendly in America, but, apart from that, did not have any success. Eventually, Blackmore and Lord decided to change the style of music the band would play from soft progressive rock to hard rock. While Ian Paice agreed to the change, they decided Evans and Simper would not fit this new style, and were let go from the band.

The band found a new singer called Ian Gillan and a new bass player called Roger Glover, forming Mark II. Jon Lord used to play in orchestras, and at this time, wanted to go back to them and base the Deep Purple sound around that. Whilst the band did perform as an orchestra (with new singer Ian Gillan writing lyrics) gaining the band some publicity, Gillan and Blackmore were not happy about the band being associated with orchestras, and were firm about Deep Purple being a hard rock band, though Jon Lord would write another orchestral piece for the band.

The band eventually got back to their plans of playing hard rock, and released "Deep Purple in Rock" in 1970, which became a big success. The famous album cover shows the band members' faces engraved into Mount Rushmore. The album itself had popular songs such as "Speed King" "Child in Time" and "Bloodsucker" (which was later re-recorded by the band in 1998). Critics and fans were pleased with new singer Ian Gillan's high pitched singing and screaming, and the album has since been considered a classic of the time, along with Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" and Led Zeppelin's "Led Zeppelin II".

The band followed "In Rock" up with "Fireball" in 1971, which did show hints of creative progressive rock but was still as heavy as the last album. Just weeks later, the band started working on the next album, which would become "Machine Head". An incident at a Frank Zappa & the Mothers of Invention concert would inspire the band to write their most popular song, "Smoke on the Water" which ended up on the album. "Machine Head", released in 1972, was another success and featured several other popular songs like "Highway Star" and "Space Truckin'".

Mark II's last album was "Who Do We Think We Are" in 1973, and it featured another hit song for the band, "Woman from Tokyo". Ian Gillan left the band that year as he did not like the band's touring and recording schedule, because at the time he wanted a break. He was also arguing with Ritchie Blackmore. Roger Glover left shortly after, also because of arguing with Blackmore.

David Coverdale and Glenn Hughes were hired to replace Ian Gillan and Roger Glover. Glenn Hughes also had singing talent so it was decided he would act as lead singer on some of the band's songs too. In fact, since Hughes was hired first, the band considered performing as a 4-piece from then on, with Hughes singing full-time as well as playing bass.

Mark III's first album, "Burn", released in 1974, was successful and seemed to point a positive picture for the band's future without Gillan or Glover. The singing harmonies from Coverdale and Hughes had something of a blues and funk style to them. These styles were explored more on the band's next album, "Stormbringer", released later the same year. Ritchie Blackmore left after he became more unhappy with this style of music, feeling it was just "shoeshine music".

Although many fans were wondering if Deep Purple could carry on without Blackmore, who had been their highly regarded guitar player from their formation up until this point, they chose to continue, and hired American guitar player Tommy Bolin (forming mark IV). The next album, "Come Taste The Band", showed Bolin bringing a further funk influence into the band's music, having a more creative output than Blackmore did when he left the band.

Ian Paice and Jon Lord, the last remaining founding members, agreed to end Deep Purple in 1976 after touring was over, but did not inform any other members. Shortly after, Coverdale informed them he was leaving the band, and only then did Jon Lord tell him: "David, there's no band to leave!" Glenn Hughes and Tommy Bolin were excited about the next Deep Purple album before they too were told that Paice and Lord had ended the band.

David Coverdale started a band of his own called Whitesnake, and Ian Paice and Jon Lord were members for a period of time. Ian Gillan had been performing in a solo band since he left in 1973. Ritchie Blackmore had started a band called Rainbow after leaving in 1975, releasing some successful albums with Ronnie James Dio as lead singer, who would carry on his fame in Black Sabbath and Dio (his own solo band). However, Tommy Bolin would only release one more solo album before he died in 1976, due to drug use.

Rod Evans put together a band and tried to perform as "Deep Purple", advertising it as a reunion although he was the only member who had ever been part of the band during its initial time together. Legal action was taken against him by the real representatives of Deep Purple, who sued him for using the band name without permission.

A real Deep Purple reunion happened in 1984 when the Mark II lineup got back together, and released the album "Perfect Strangers" that same year. It sold very well and was well received from fans who were excited about the return of the band's iconic lineup. The songs "Knockin' At Your Back Door" and "Perfect Strangers" were popular. The band also enjoyed success on tour.

"The House of Blue Light" was the next album to come from the band, in 1987. Some fans noticed that the band sounded more "modern" on this album than before, which led to mixed opinions. A new version of the band's 1968 minor hit "Hush" was re-recorded in 1988 by the Mark II lineup to mark the 20th anniversary of Deep Purple. However, Ian and Ritchie started arguing again over the future of the band, and their differences had torn their working relationship too far apart, meaning Gillan was fired in 1989. Blackmore seemed to want to make the band sound more commercial (something he had tried to do with his band Rainbow back in the early 1980s). He hired Joe Lynn Turner (also a former Rainbow singer) to replace Gillan, and the Mark V band released "Slaves and Masters" in 1990.

However, the band's popularity was declining, and Turner was forced out in 1992 by the record company, who wanted the iconic lineup with Gillan back for the band's 25th anniversary. And so, the Mark II lineup released one more album together in 1993 called "The Battle Rages On...". However, during the tour, audience attendances were getting lower, and problems between band members arose, with Ritchie Blackmore walking out on the band for good. Joe Satriani filled in for the rest of the tour, but did not become a full-time member afterwards, due to his label commitments. The band decided to hire American Steve Morse in 1994.

With Steve Morse in the band, Deep Purple enjoyed renewed success on tour. Ian Gillan was especially pleased that Ritchie Blackmore was no longer in the band, as he felt his departure saved them from a breakup. Since 1994, Deep Purple have enjoyed more success touring than with their studio albums, although their material written with Morse has received good reviews, with fans and critics feeling the band has more creativity again. Mark VII released two albums, "Purpendicular" (1996) and "Abandon" (1998), before Jon Lord retired in 2002, feeling the need to step down from the band's hard touring schedule. He was replaced by Don Airey.

Over the next few years, Deep Purple released two more albums, "Bananas" (2003) and "Rapture of the Deep" (2005). Their next tour, the "Rapture of the Deep tour" started in 2006, and finished in 2011, making it their longest tour to date. In 2012, Jon Lord died after battling cancer at the age of 71. The band continue to record as well as tour, and released their nineteenth and latest album, "Now What?!", in 2013.



Ian Paice is the only member to be in all of the band's lineups.

Mark I (1) (1968–1969):

The first complete lineup of the band. They released a single that was fairly successful in America called "Hush". Rod Evans and Nick Simper were fired as the other members wanted to play heavier rock music and did not think they would play this style of music well.


Mark II (2) (1969–1973, 1984–1989, 1992–1993):

This is the band's most famous lineup, releasing albums such as "Deep Purple in Rock" and songs such as "Smoke on the Water". In 1973, Ian Gillan left the band as he did not like the band's touring and recording schedule, because at the time he wanted a break. He was also arguing with Ritchie Blackmore. Roger Glover left shortly after, also because of arguing with Blackmore.

In 1984, this lineup of the band got back together. However, Ian and Ritchie started arguing again over the future of the band, meaning Gillan was fired in 1989. He rejoined in 1992, bringing this band lineup together for the third time, although Blackmore left a year later, this time, for good.


Mark III (3) (1973–1975):

David Coverdale and Glenn Hughes were hired to replace Ian Gillan and Roger Glover. Glenn Hughes also had singing talent so it was decided he would act as lead singer on some of the band's songs too. Ritchie Blackmore left after he became more unhappy with the style of music of the band, which was more funk rock at this time.


Mark IV (4) (1975–1976):

After making the hard decision to carry the band on without Blackmore, the band hired American guitar player Tommy Bolin and carried on the funk-rock music style Blackmore was unhappy about.


Mark V (5) (1989–1992)

Ritchie Blackmore had before played with Joe Lynn Turner in Blackmore's solo band called Rainbow, and suggested he join the band to replace Ian Gillan, who was brought back 3 years later because of record label pressures, as the band's 25th anniversary was coming up and they wanted the iconic Mark II lineup together again.


Mark VI (6) (1993–1994):

The band still needed to play concerts after Ritchie Blackmore, so they hired American guitar player Joe Satriani, although he did not stay with the band after the tour.


Mark VII (7) (1994–2002):

Joe Satriani turned down the chance to be a member of Deep Purple, so the band found another American guitar player called Steve Morse. In 2002, Jon Lord retired from the band after 26 years with them (not counting the 8 years the band was split up) leaving Ian Paice as the only founding member left. He was replaced with Don Airey.


Mark VIII (8) (2002–present)

This has remained the lineup since Jon Lord's departure from Deep Purple and the hiring of Don Airey to replace him.




Yogurt

Yogurt, or yoghurt is a milk product made by bacterial fermentation of milk. The lactose in the milk becomes lactic acid when it is fermented. Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour. The milk is heated to about 80 °C to kill any bacteria present, and to change the milk proteins so that they set together instead of becoming curd. After it is cooled to about 45 °C, the bacteria culture is added, and the milk is kept at that temperature for 4 to 7 hours to ferment. Yogurt can also be made from plant milks such as almond milk, soy milk, and coconut milk.

Yogurt is one of the oldest produced foods in human history. No one knows for sure how long yogurt has been around. Today, it is eaten all over the world. It is rich in protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B and vitamin B.

Yogurt derives romfrom the Turkish word yoğurt and in English, the word can be spelled either 'yogurt' or 'yoghurt'. In Canada 'yogourt' is also common. It can be spoken with either a short or a long 'o'.

The earliest yogurts were probably made by wild bacteria (yeast infections) and happened by chance.

The oldest writings mentioning yogurt were by Pliny the Elder, who said that some people knew how to thicken the milk into something which was sour but tasty. 

Stamen Grigorov (1878–1945), a Bulgarian student of medicine in Geneva, first examined the bacteria in Bulgarian yogurt. In 1905 he said that it contained a round and a rod-like lactic acid-producing bacteria. In 1907 the rod-like bacteria was called "Lactobacillus bulgaricus" (now "Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus"). The Russian Nobel laureate biologist Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov, from the Pasteur Institute in Paris, was influenced by Grigorov's work and made a hypothesis that eating yoghurt regularly was the reason why Bulgarian peasants lived for so long. Mechnikov believed that "Lactobacillus" was needed for good health, and worked to make yoghurt popular through Europe.

Yoghurt has a lot of protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it. It is healthier than milk is. Many people who are lactose-intolerant can enjoy yoghurt, because much of the lactose in the milk has been changed into lactic acid.

Yoghurt also has medical uses, such as preventing antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Marlon Brando

Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924 – July 1, 2004) was an American actor and activist. He is best known for his roles in the movies, "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951), "The Wild One" (1953), "On the Waterfront" (1954), "The Godfather" (1972), "Superman" (1978), "Apocalypse Now" (1979) and "The Island of Dr. Moreau" (1996). Brando died of respiratory failure from pulmonary fibrosis and congestive heart failure at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on July 1, 2004.

Galician language

Galician (Galician: ) is a modern language that is spoken in Galicia, a region of Spain in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula. Galician is closely related to Portuguese because they split from the same language, which is now called Galician-Portuguese or Medieval Galician. Some even say that Galician and Portuguese are two dialects of the same language but with different accents. However, most scholars say that the differences are now so great since both languages separated in the Middle Ages that they are now truly different languages. Galician is also very similar to the Leonese language.

Galician is a Romance language that evolved from Vulgar Latin, the Latin of common people in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. The area is now Galicia, the western parts of Asturias and Castile-Leon and the Norte region in northern Portugal.

Galician took most of its words from Latin, many from Judeo-Spanish but some from Germanic and Celtic.

Galician comes from Galician-Portuguese, spoken during the Middle Ages in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia. Today, Galician is spoken only in Galicia and by some people in North America, South America and Eastern Europe. In Jalisco, Mexico, Galician still leaves traces in the accent and words.

Some people say Galician and Portuguese are really two dialects of the same language because there are not a lot of differences between them, but they are officially two separate languages. Most scholars say they that have become so different over hundreds of years that they are now two different languages.

People who speak Portuguese in northern Portugal, which is close to Galicia, and people who speak Galician in Galicia, say that they can understand a lot each other, but that is less true in the south of Portugal.

During the Enlightenment, Benito Jeronimo Feijoo already raised that question. He considered Galician and Portuguese the same language originating in Latin, and constituting a linguistic unity, and not dialects of Castilian-Spanish.

Ibn Khaldun

Ibn Khaldun (; , ; 27 May 1332 – 17 March 1406) was an influential Arab thinker of the 14th century. His family were from Andalusia. Khaldun served the governments of the day in many ways. He was sometimes in prison. He lived in Marrakesh in Morocco for a time, and in Granada. Then he moved to Cairo, where he was a judge.

The most famous book Khaldun wrote is the Kitāb al-ʻIbar (Book of Lessons), a history of the world. The first part, Muqaddimah (Introduction) is often used alone. This book is often credited as inventing sociology. He also wrote his autobiography.

Ibn Khaldun lived a life in search of stability and influence. He came from a family of scholars and politicians and he intended to live up to both expectations. He would succeed in the field of scholarship much more so than in any other field. He died on 17 March 1406, one month after his sixth selection for the office of the Maliki qadi (Judge).

Swabian Jura

The Swabian Jura (German: "Schwäbische Alb", Bavarian: "Schwobm Alb") is a plateau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The Swabian Jura is situated between the Black Forest (West), Stuttgart (North), Bavaria (East) and Lake Constance (South). A lot of fossils are found here. The highest mountain is the Lemberg (1015 m).



Nerve

A nerve is a group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel. Another word for nerve cell is neuron. The special neurons grouped together in nerves take information (messages) to and from the human body to the central nervous system. The central nervous system (acronym) CNS is the brain and spinal cord. The spinal cord is the big cord that goes from the brain into the back. It carries all the information that goes from the brain to the nerves in the body.

All the nerves in the body make the peripheral nervous system (acronym PNS). The brain and spinal cord are the CNS. All the nerves that come from the spinal cord are the PNS. Together the CNS and PNS are the nervous system.

Nervous system contains neurons and cells called glia. Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy. Neurons take messages to and from the CNS to the rest. The dendrite and axon are fibers that go out from the cell body. Axons take information "away from" the cell body. Dendrites take information to the cell body.

"Afferent" nerves take messages to the CNS (brain) from the body. They take messages about sensation from the skin. They take messages about the position of the body from the muscles. They take messages about the function of organs like the heart and stomach.

"Efferent" nerves take messages from the CNS to the body. They take messages that tell muscles to move. They take messages to glands. They tell glands like "sweat glands" to make sweat (the water that comes out of your skin when you are hot.)

There are many diseases of nerves. A disease of nerves is also called a "neuropathy".

